user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,393420,22765698,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,NWF.kyesmith,"First things first, Do Not Buy and/or Play this game.Now, my reasons:1. No Humans left playing. This game has died, anyone you see in game now is a truely dispicable level of forest troll. With so few people on ANY server, (other than 3 Chinese servers that are suspicously always showing 255/65 people online) it is completely shocking once you realize what they are doing on said servers. These cellar dwellars spend 10+ hours per day camping the ONLY 4-5 relevant places on the LARGE map, instantly killing anyone who may wander anywhere near them... paying no mind to the fact you just spent 10+ minutes of your life holding W and Shift just to get there.2.  Mind Numbingly boring gathering/ hunting food. I dont need to explain much more... its terrible.3. Nothing interesing or amusing to build once you have spent hours numbing your mind gathering, as described in point ""2"". When this game came out I suppose one may have found the first couple days playing decent, as there were still some things they had yet to experience. I had 400+ hours before I quit in december. I downloaded this game today thinking ... ""It's been 4+ months, there must be a few new things I can experience "" ...LOL was I wrong. Not only is there not 1 new thing, they somehow took it a step further and made the old things I found fun .. NOT fun.4. We must, as a community, Make a stand against these ""Alpha realease"" game developers that show ZERO intention of ever releasing a REAL GAME. They continue to fill their bank accounts with our money being spent under false pretenses. This hoax is becoming an alarming trend on Steam, folks are buying these ""games"" that were made by 3 dudes over a weekend. Steam did a great thing in making such an amazing engine, unfortunately many of these scammers are abusing the ease of the engine Steam has built to make VERY small games easily and charge $20 for them. All that's left now for these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to do now is hire some whiz-kid graphic artist to make a few amazing trailers for "" Things to Come "" with the few dollars that start to trickle in.... BADDABING BADDABANG   ""WE ARE MILLIONAIRS JIMMY!!"".In conclusion... I know point 4 may have gone over some of your heads, but for those of you who know what im talking about I say ♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ ENOUGH. NO MORE.My Advise: Do not buy this ""GAME"" or any other ""EARLY ACCESS"" or ""EARLY RELEASE"" game before you do extensive research into the dirty sweatpants wearing fellows who made it.LONG LIVE REAL GAMES!!!**UPDATE AS OF MAY 3, 2016**: In response to this very review and the ""Helpful"" clicks from you readers... The price of Hurtworld went DOWN from $25 to $15.IF YOU STILL THINK I WAS BEING PARANOID IN POINT ""4"", you may want to think again.**2nd Update May 3, 2016, 10 hours later**  Thank you all for clicking ""Helpful"", you are really helping the cause and it is much appreciated. SOMEHOW the devs are blocking this review from TODAYS MOST RECOMMENDED when you filter results that way. They are also flooding the reviews page with fraudulent reviews attempting to block my words from reaching you.  I WILL CONTINUE TO UPDATE YOU ALL ON THEIR ACTIONS. Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,393420,19571225,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,JimFace.Jpg,"I've played tons of survival games and have hundreds of hours across most of them so I think I have some legitimate grounds on my opinion on the release of this game and what they've created thus far.The release was smooth as butter. No huge traffic or server crashes. Every once and a while a server goes down but it quickly comes back up. This is your basic survival game. If you were a fan of Rust Legacy than you will more than enjoy this game. Start at nothing, then end up with everything. They made C4 EXTREMELY hard to get so you have to truly hate someone in order to raid their base.The best part about the game is the Infamy System. Let me explain what that is. You have your basic tools, gear (cloths) and items including resources and ammo and such.  When you're starting out and get killed by another player you will lose all of your ammo and resources BUT NOT lose your tools and clothing, basically the essentials. If you've killed another player you get infamy which means for 15 minutes if you die, you have a chance of dropping your tools such as guns, pickaxes and other things. This will stack higher and higher if the player does not let his infamy disappear first.This makes the game so much better due to the fact that not EVERYONE will KOS. You will need to be cautious.Game is 10/10"
,Recommended,393420,19800654,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,on what,"This is a good game. There are quite a few cons, but in the long run, it's worth a purchase. Here's a sad story.-----------------After  multiple failed attempts at survival, I find myself teaming up with this guy. His name was Cat, and he was pretty cool. We hit it off, and end up helping eachother survive, and provide eachother with a number of usefull materials. We survived together for about two days, and I found myself getting pretty good (by good, I mean I had pants, and a shirt). One evening, at our little makeshift camp, a straggler wandered in. We told him to leave, and with some resistance, he retreated. He seemed semi aggresive, and he swung at us with a spear a few times before high-tailing it right the hell out of there. I found myself aiming at him with a bow. I ended up not shooting, just because I felt remorse, and decided that he should have another chance. We set up for the night. All of a sudden, we hear an arrow wizzing past our heads. The man had returned, this time with a bow. He obviously had much more time in the game, because his shots were pretty good. After an admirable bow fight on our part, he ended up killing us both, and looting our corpses. I could have prevented this if I had taken the shot. God forgive me. laik if u cri everytiem"
,Recommended,393420,20598748,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Overall Score65/100Game Pros• Very clean menu• Spawn protection• Forever growing crafting/cooking system• Wierdly satisfying graphics• Base Building• Melee Weapons & Guns• Very smooth and easy to run (Never get frame drops unless it's server side. Constant 45-60fps+)• Various biomes all containing different animals/materials (Some biomes have more of one thing than others)• Weather system (Rain/Sun/Dust Storms etc..) All of which effects characters stability• Driveable cars (Find the car chasis on the map and apply wheels/motor accesories) Remember to make some gas!• Consistent updates• Moddable custom servers• Online livemap to see your character and any friends (Those familiar with Rust already know what this is)Game Cons• High pop servers tend to have minor rubberbanding/lag. Not enough to actually leave the server, but it's there• The voice that plays to indicate you're hungry, or full, can get annoying. Sounds like it was recorded on a cheap mic. I don't get it.• (Please leave any further cons in the comments. More will be added(hopefully not)as players call them out)Controversial• You keep your clothing and hotbar items upon death (Might be different on some servers, I honestly havent checked)Relateable Games• Rust LegacyConclusionIf you enjoyed Rust Legacy, or are just looking for a new survival game to get into, Hurtworld is where it's at. At first I didn't thing i'd enjoy it as much I did. But once you really get into it, things get intense pretty quick. I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes the survival type genre. Check out my stream highlights/gameplay from Hurtworld by clicking the link below!(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
,Not Recommended,393420,22560955,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Trio,"This game was fun at first, but it turned into something I dont want to play anymore. Now everyone basically kills you on sight. There are people with cars/guns that camp outside fresh spawns and keeps killing you when you spawn. On top of that If you dont feed amber to your totem You lose your entire base no matter how much time you put into it. Im done with this game."
,Recommended,393420,19665394,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,mrhasheesh,"Hands down dopest dope ive ever smoked. I hope the devs dont change the core gameplay.Right now as early access its amazing wich is a huge shock. I hope they just add more content fix bugs and make a larger map cause everything else is superb. great job guys. I recommend this to anyone, even casual gamers that dont have the time that games like rust REQUIRE.Plus theres no bugs or glitches that i know of that someone can exploit to steal your stuff and destroy your base.Day 1I spawn and the first guy i run into claims friendly so i let him know this is my very first server. He shows me around and teaches me the core basics of the game. Surviving the elements and the animals is a task so we decide to work together. Sharing resources and all. I unfortunately strayed away from him and another man killed me with a rifle, kinda my fault i got too close to his base unkowingly. So once again i spawn in the baron desert. After only 2 seconds i run into 2 guys hanging at a fire they claim friendly so i get closer. So i start talking to them and one decides to spear me in the face while im talking. Little did he know he just dug his own grave. I spawn in the desert again and one of them approaches me saying hey sorry buddy as he tries to sweet talk me i give him a taste of his own medicine and kill him with my hatchet as his friend comes running up. I grab the dead dudes spear and start fighting his friend. At this point i am low on health and know i am going to lose the fight so i book it into the mountains. Dude keeps telling me surrender and youll live. I just laughed and kept running. As i come around a corner and lose him i run into another guy on a rock i shout out to him ""help i got this guy chasing me, him and his friend are trying to continuously spawn kill me"" not knowing he jumps off the rock and says ""omg mrhash ive been looking for you, wait someones chasing you?"" it was the guy i had first met. I was so releived to see my old friend. As the guy chasing me finally came around the corner we both jumped him. Unforntunately i died but my buddy killed him and took everything he had. Then he picked up all my stuff as well and returned it to me. At that point we were blood brothers. So i went on a search to find him again. Once we had met back up we travelled far from the chaos and decided it was time to build. (giving us a place to spawn) We traveled on many journeys that night in search of materials and food. The elements were vicious but our teamwork kept each other alive. Timing everything perfectly. We finally had established a safe place sufficient to start a farm seeing as food was scarce for us in our biome. I decided to take a little break at this point, but upon my return he comes running up to me all excited ""I found a car i found a car!!!""  so she takes me to the edge of our mountain base and points down at the nearby shipping yard. Right there in front of us was this beautiful dune buggy. I quickly responded does it have an engine? Unsure of what parts this car had we decided to investigate. But this area had been off limits due to the high amount of yetis that lived there. We decided it was time to take one on in sacrifice of getting that car. So we gather all our fruits and make as much gasoline as we can, equipped ourselves with food and weapons and went for it. Here we are finally infront of this amazing vehicle we quickly check it for parts and noticed this bad boy is ready to go. We pop the gasoline in the tank and take off for home. Little did we know the engine was damaged and didnt have enough power to make it up the steep mountain pass into our base. We make the decision to strip all the parts and store them til we figure out another option. As the sun comes back up we headed back to the car to make sure it was still there. Realizing we could push the car with our spears we begin jabbing the car up the hill. Using teamwork to force that sucker up there we were successful. We finally had our base with a garage, and a car. That first day had brought me and this fella together as one. Feeling so accomplished we decided it was time to clock out and get some sleep.Day 2Shaking from what i might find when i log back on i click the join server button. To my suprise my new found friend is in our base farming and excited to see me. He says ""your not going to believe this"" i worry a little but he seems too calm for it to be a bad thing. He begins to tell me how he met a man who helped him out with some much needed supplies, then he tells me the man has givin us an engine. Not a broken one, not a weak one, but one of the best engines around.Soo excited i tell him lets go for a spin, i would very much like to meet this nice mechanic.We approach this new allies base and he greets me with arms wide open. He gives us access to all his supplies and even gives us a room of our own. We gathered with this mans allies and roommates to hunt down more vehicles and supplies. Bringing back plenty for everyone we ourselves decide to help out some unfortunate players that were experiencing some troubles with trolls. Pulling up in a new buggy with nice clothes and full set of guns i approach and share what i can. Turns out one of the guys harrassing these fine folks was none other than the man who killed me the day before. I couldnt help but laugh thinking about how karma was gonna be a real ♥♥♥♥♥ this time around. We were fully equipped and had an army behind us. These guys stood no chance."
,Not Recommended,393420,19642592,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Nuggers,"Hello Guys and Welcome to my ReviewI love Hurtworld, as you can see on my hours, but there is one thing that bothered me, no, more like makes me sad.I really have to say that for a ea game it's really awesome, i enjoied the first hours so much. It runs on 60 fps for me even on high settings, the communityWASgreat! I love the crafting system and i love to gather resources because every adventure will be...well, a adventure! :D Me and my Friends built a HUUUUGE Base and so on.I was happy...but..., and i'm really really sad about this...There are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of cheaters around. I played on a official server called:Amsterdam official #1.If you visit it, you will notice it right away. There are Russians atm on this server scripting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Like floating around, shooting through walls, hitting u with a arrow that travels like on lightspeed etc.They also got in the Bases and stole everything from our Friends without destroying walls and so on.And you know why? Because there is no Anti Cheat atm.This Game just became unplayable... well more like unenjoiable in like 1 h for me. And i have to say i'm really not that guy that yells around like: ''u using hax m8 fock off!!!1!1''. But seriously, i would not recommend buying you that Game in his State.Because YOU will probably refund it, and i don't want that you refund it because it's a ♥♥♥♥ing nice game and the devs are really nice people.I just hope they gonna fix it and ban cheaters in the next following patches, so i can change my review.EDIT:They fixed some script changing problems!! That's really good for now but there are still a lot of simple Script-Kiddies around that legit cheat... (just saw some Minutes ago someone flying above me).The Devs gonna add a EAC-System, what's probably not the best because it's (sadly) really easy still to cheat if you have the know how :( Also if you don't have the know how - YouTube...I just hope they gonna work more on that Problem so i can change my Review to a thumbs up.EDIT EDIT:I WON'T RESPOND ANYMORE TO THIS THREAD. GET USED TO MY OPINION. I WON'T CHANGE THIS TO THUMBS UP JUST BECAUSE SOME GUY TOLD ME. DEAL WITH IT. K THX BB"
76561197961853988,Not Recommended,393420,22298115,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Whiskey Tempest,"Just under 60 hours played...The community is as toxic as they come; literaly, the worst bottom feeders of the internet reside here. Be warned.The game offers such joys as freezing to death while standing atop a camp fire, or dying within the freezing  areas of the snow biome from a heatstroke you picked up in the desert.Insta death by headshot from a naked noob with a rickety bow scrapped together in 3 minutes of gameplay.uninspired building construction. If you can piece together legos, you're already a master.  The depth of play is so shallow it's well,... let's just say that if it were a pond you could wade in its deepest parts and not get your feet wet.This is not a truly developed gameplay product. It's akin to a  technical proof of concept piece for a Bach. of Comp. Sci. senior project.If you ARE playing, and enjoying yourself, by all means carry on. Just know that richer, more rewarding experiences are available in the market right now, while you settle for less.If you haven't played but are considering it, see above.Despite my harsh criticism, I do wish the Devs the best in developing *something* to call a game environment. It just feels like they got sidetracked figuring out how to make it work, without a matured vision of an end state for their creation.*grammar edit + a slight reword of the first bit.  The tone was more offensive toward the devs than intended, when the product was my target."
,Recommended,393420,19844165,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Matthew,"How to play Hurtworld:Step 1. Pretend to trust everyoneStep 2. Trust no oneSeriously, if your own mother joins the game and asks to trade some green ore for some yeti pelts, bring your auto with you and mow her down, she was going to betray you anyways. You meet some guy who gives you some stuff early-game? Chuck your spear at 'im, can't be trusted. You see a nice innocent little bunny? NOPE! you have no idea what that bunny's motives are, gotta blow him away with your shotgun. Basically all I'm trying to say is, don't be nice or the world will hurt you."
76561198319877907,Recommended,393420,24634805,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[RSG] KittyPLZ88,"I Love this game. Iv never played computer games or xbox etc, and i'v been watching my husband play HurtWorld for a month or so {he has over 800 hours logged}. I became so interested in it that he bought me the game and set up my steam account. Its only been a week now, im addicted. I have 54 hours logged, multiple bases, and rocking this game. My husband and I are like a team on the game and work together to achieve all that we have. It has been A serious bonding moment for us. He is working on building me a better gaming computer now, and it has me looking at other games like I might actually try them out to. Thank you Hurtworld."
,Recommended,393420,19474409,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kkthnx,"This game lives up to its name. I am enjoying this game so far! I ran into a dev by the name of Daz or close to that and he was very polite and nice. He explained a few things and wished me luck on my exploring. If this game keeps going in the right direction Rust and other survival will sadly fall down the list. This game reminds me of Legacy Rust with just the right graphics to give the amazing performance. I highly suggest this game! Plus, it has cars already!"
,Recommended,393420,19544305,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kenta',"Got around 1100 hours on legacy Rust. When I first launched this game, it felt like legacy rust.- ProsVery optimized for a early access gameI've played for 5 hours and encountered one ""bug"". As soon as the cheap campfire is out of wood, it disappears (don't know if this is a bug). So you have to craft a new one which is pretty expensive for early game.There are towns that drops loot (I've only got gasoline and ammo from the boxes so far)It's easy to learn how to play the gameHeadshots are deadly unlike new Rust (for those who doesn't play that, It takes around 2-3 arrows in the head to kill your target if he's armored on new Rust)Building system is simple (works like the building plan in Rust)Vehicles. You don't have to run across the map to find a certain resource. Because of the biome you live in doesn't have much of that resource.Map is always the same and the size of the map is good. I always see a bunch of people running when I'm out of my base. (50 players is maximum on a server)The AI is OK. The monsters and the animals has different kinds of attacks. The boar charges towards you for example.There are also monsters that are difficult to kill if you're alone or you have just started, like the Yeti. The Yeti takes alot of damage.- ConsThere are no budget clothes that will protect against the cold in the snow biome. So you have to sit infront of the camp fire all the time during the night in early game. (Will edit this review if this is a bug)The rubberbanding is crazy sometimes and it will get you killed.The vehicles are pretty hard to control right now. Sometimes you can't stop the car or turn the car.You don't have any starting items in Hurtworld (like in Rust you have your rock as starting item to gather resources).There is no cooldown to respawn at your totem right now.You can't deauthorize people which has authorized themselves on your totem right now (the totem gives you privilege to open every door in the house, and also respawn at the totem).There are no sleepers. If you disconnect, your body will disappear. You're afraid of getting raided when logging off? Well just put the most valuable stuff in your inventory and it's safe for the night.________________________________________________________________I will edit this review when I've played more of this game. Can't think of any more pros and cons right now.EDIT 1: Added more cons.________________________________________________________________But I recommend this game and especially for people who wants to get that legacy Rust feeling again.Very funny and intense game!"
,Not Recommended,393420,32155953,Posted: 3 June,all,Caban,"game is dead and abandoned by the devs, don't buy"
,Not Recommended,393420,23371424,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Pillagger,"I used to recommend this game, but after the incredible lack of updates in the last 6 months and the absolute terrible community I cannot recommend this anymore. I tried to get back into this game, but the only people on now are Russians and Koreans. It's to bad this game went down hill. It had a great concept, but the developers got lazy and didn't help create a diversive community. I would recommend to all of you to look into more complete survival games that have a good community."
,Recommended,393420,19741492,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,thicc dicc nigboi,"Check out my beginners guide to hurtworldHERECheck out my ore guide to hurtworldHEREHurtworld is a multi-player survival game which players must craft tools, mine resources and build bases. With or agaisnt eachother. This game is great for players that are less interested in PvP, but still want a touch of it. The community is nice and with the  ""imfamous"" system they have in place, people don't kill on sight and however kill only if nessecary (Or if they're a tnuctihs)<- Read it backwards. You use C4 to blow up and raid bases. C4 is extremely hard to get therefore making it quite rare, players will use it wisely. With that being said, the game focuses more on the survival aspect rather than the PvP aspect.With that out of the way, lets talk about the basics of the game. The crafting is very easy, straight forward, it shows all craftable items and the recipes. The base building is easy to learn, and hard to master. You'll easily learn the mechanics and the basics of base building but each time you'll learn from your mistakes.There are a few flaws in this game, few glitches etc. But what the heck? It's a game in alpha, and plus the devs have an active reddit page and work hard. In general this game is very fun (especially with friends) and has great potential.I look forward to seeing the game continue, grow and strive."
,Not Recommended,393420,22789454,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tetsu0 #N1NjA,"This game was given up on by the community, I think the devs just lacked too much in sense of anti-hacker security & so everyone decided to stop playing, including myself."
,Not Recommended,393420,32259838,Posted: 7 June,all,rabbit3,the game is dead no one plays the game anymore worst the highest number was 20 out of 65 player the game is not worth 10 $ if you ask me
,Not Recommended,393420,28874484,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,McMaster,"I've been playing Hurtworld for close to 200 hours now and I would like to give you guys an idea of what you get into.Hurtworld is a survival game - and by definition, survival is (and should be) hard! There are a lot of people who are complaining about players who kill beginners at the starting-area. While I believe this is by far not as common as it was ... it is not a big of a deal if you do what the game is all about: sneak around, know that (in the beginning) you are weak and an easy target, be smart and make smart decision; in short: Survive!Once you get the basics going, the game is a grind. You will be constantly grinding for ressources in order to get better gear, tools and build bases in various different areas. You can be in PVP-situations every time you play, but most times you have a choice not to seek a fight by sneaking around.Once you have the ressources to build a base, the desire will hit you to create a big one. The building-system is awesome and for the first time since World of Warcraft, I did not get bored grinding because building is so much fun.However, just as you can get killed in a classic pvp-weapon-fight: Your base can be raided and destroyed as well. And it will.The game is basically (!) a great experience if you'd like to team up with friends, it has lovely graphics and just all around a great feeling.The reason why I would like to disadvise and warn you to buy this game is simple: Hacking. It's a HUGE problem in Hurtworld, it has ever been and the dev's don't take it too seriously.If you build a game in which the core value is grinding and securing your stuff in your base - the least you want is Hackers who compromise the game by using scripts that enable them to see what you have grinded. There are numerous hacks out there and they are frequently used. Search for ""Hurtworld hack"" on youtube and you will find ones from even October 2016.Hurtworld integrated EasyAntiCheat recently but EAC does not detect all scripts. In fact, cheating in Hurtworld is common.As much as I like the mechanics and the potential of this game ... you have to know that from mid-stage in the game on, you will not be grinding for yourself, but for the hackers who will raid your base(s) soon.As a developer, you can build the best survival-building-pvp-experience but hacking, especially frequent hacking, makes it all worthless. And unfortunately Hurtworld is a victim of such. :("
,Recommended,393420,19923854,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TechnoCat,"I have a problem: I am compelled to buy half-complete early access titles in the Survival-Crafting Open World PVP genre. It's like a curse, in which my wallet and my happiness must suffer. So naturally, I wanted to give Hurtworld a try. I wascompelledto.I logged into a server and immediately encountered a neutral player trying to shoo me from his gathering area. He threw his spear at me, missing, all the while communicating to me with voice chat to go away. Point taken, I high tailed it out of there half-naked and with nothing to my name. A couple nights later I had established some basic tools but died of hypothermia. I have not died since. You learn to prioritize resource gathering and craftables, to keep a campfire at the ready for the harsh cold nights. I encountered friendly players, who offered some spare leather or had a kind word in passing. But I also encountered my first hostile player, who tried to coerce me into dropping all my logs. I refused and he chased me with his bow. I turned on him, spear in hand, and wacked him over the head. He didn't like that. I chased him off with my stick and very suddenly a blinding dust storm kicked up. He complained about not being able to see and I used that opportunity to get away -- even though I was the one chasing him. It felt great, as a new player, to be able to defend myself against others. And even better to see how the environment had protected me and given me cover. Cool.A few hours of gameplay later and I have claimed a plot of land, clothed myself, crafted a back pack, built a small home, stocked up my storage container, created tier 2 tools, and am ready to explore. I feel I have met small milestones and there is a sense of accomplishment and survival. I have hunted and gathered my way to basic comfort and survived the few hostile players.What the future holds, I am uncertain. I'd like to believe I cannot progress through the game so quickly. I'd like to believe great dangers lurk where great rewards lie, but I have not explored far enough yet.Here's what I do know: The game is fun, it is a solid title for Early Access, the community isn't totally filled with jerks (at least not on the server I joined), and I can only hope the developers expand on this game as I want more of it.-Pros-+While it is an EA title, it feels like a solid game with a full feature list. Highly playable.+Runs smoothly, no crashes, high frame rates+Combat is adequate+Survival takes some effort and thought during the first couple hours+Basic resources continue to be useful+Player community+I not YET encountered a cheater+The server I play on is not full when I want to play+Its fun+You keep your tools when you die, but drop your resources+HUD is clutter free-Cons/Other Thoughts--Hypothermia is a bit harsh-Overheating mechanic is ridiculous. I'd understand if you overheat from the desert sun. But instead you overheat from being near your campfire or firepit, which is required for cooking food and smelting ores. It is ridiculous that I can't be anywhere inside my house while the firepit is going or I will start to overheat. Overheating can very well kill you. This could turn into an interesting mechanic if water is required to cool down from the hot desert or player must find shade or equip special gear. Tedius, but could be interesting. As it is right now its downright annoying.-Some resources will appear at a certain distance away, but will not be there when you approach, and may reapper after wandering around a bit. Similarly, the LOD on creatures is questionable. Bors can look a bit like logs at a distance because they are boxy until you get close enough for their details to be clear. And sometimes they won't appear at all until right up next them. Minor bugs.-Building a home is nice, but needs some work. There are no stairs or ladders. And you do not get any of your resources returned when you destroy something you've built. Certain resource requirements make no sense.-Crafting menus could be improved on, but not really a con. They work as intended.Overall, for 20$ I am enjoying the game and look forward to playing more of it."
,Recommended,393420,19530448,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BrutalHero [H] FFTC Hoodie,"Please understand that my english is not perfect .The game in the current stage is in Early Access but still plays better than most Early Access Titles :)Why is it well Pre-Planned?The game in the current state is really well pre-planned you are not able to attack the PVE monsters at early game. You need to hunt for your food on easy mobs such as Dears or Rabbits . if You try to fight a Boar on a early stage of the game without a bow you are most likely going to die but that's not the case of it beging pre-planned but the really well balanced loot and difficulty.  Making anything that's based on late game is a real challenge recipes for crafting are really well planned so it's not easy or either very very hard for the basic items but items such as Riffles are not that easy to make and would require a lot of time grinding items.Building in this game is really good planned you can't grief somoene's house with just an axe you need to grind really really hard to get C4.C4 is not really that common as you may think and it requires a lot of time trying to get the correct materials to craft 1 piece of it.Last but not least the cars and temperature system , cars are really easy to find around rad zones (radiation zones)/ Towns. The trick to that is that you will need to find a lot of parts before you can drive this beauty and that's really based on your luck in towns cause the only way to get parts is from looting towns.Temperature System is really balanced you can't get rid of the cold with crafting some clothes, you are only going to get Cold Resistance so each night you are going to need to stay close to a fire otherwise you are going to freeze to death.Death In This GameDeath in this game is based on how much Infamous you are.(You get more Infamous by killing people . I'am not 100% sure about this part but from what i red and learned myself. When you are not Infamous you drop only your items but the items in your Hotbar are still there after death that means if you had tools in your Hotbar you are going to keep them and also your clothes, backpack etc. When you get Infamous you are going to lose all your items on death.Diffuculty of learning the game.The game itself is really easy to learn you don't need to dive into tutorials on how to do certain things crafting is the most simple thing you could think off.You can get into the game and get experienced really quickly without spending hours.About HurtworldHurtworld is a hardcore survival game and the developers did a really good job on making it really a hardcore game.First 10 minutes when I got into the game it was really hard to survive at all i barely made it alive from the first night the cold was really hard to get through while running for supplies to make a basic camp fire my i was getting colder every single second.Every night you need to stay close to a source of heat otherwise you are going to die.Ofcourse there is a way to increase cold resistance but it's still challenging to survive the night.Game Pros and ConsGame Pros+ Really Really good survival it's rough to survive the first days and still challenging in the later stage of the game.+ It's really hard to get guns,So basicly pvp is bows and spears+ Cars are really balanced they are there but they are element of the end-game.+ The entire game is very well pre-planned.+ You can't get griefed easily and it's really hard to make c4 to grief somoene.+ There is a lot of PVE elements such as hard creatures to kill such as (Yeti and a bird with 8x times bigger head than normal birds)Game Cons- Map is not the biggest but it's good for the current state.- There is couple of glitches such as your head can glitch through the wall of your own house and you can die from somoene outside.-Wipes,Wipes,Wipes...The game is in EA so there will be a lot of wipes while updating so get ready for it before buying :)Do i recommend the game in the current state? : Yes."
76561198101295783,Recommended,393420,19783311,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ThiccBoi,"First day, spawn in a dessert walked around for a bit, guy runs up to me and asks for my pants, told him its a default skin.Shoots me.Died from pants robbery 11/10"
76561198084887692,Recommended,393420,19864464,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jurgen Flurgen Burgen,"So, where do I start? This game is still functionally pretty basic, but for some reason it is as addicting as meth. Well, as addicting as my friends tell me meth is, since I'd never ingest illicit drugs. Oh, Christ....insects crawling under my skin!!So, anyway. Where were we?That's right: Hurtworld. So it's early access survival and yup, I just saw you cringe and I felt your pain. When I saw this one pop up, I also somewhat sarcastically rolled my eyes at the thought of yet another survival sim, once again let loose in early frickin' access. The fat Irish policeman in my brain was instantly twirling a baton and snarling, ""Move along, folks. Nothing to see here.""Then I heard that this is an Australian game. I, Sir, was coloured intrigued.So at the time of writing this review I have about 50 hours up, most of that lone wolf, and I've had it less than a week. And I'm enjoying every bloomin' minute of it. But, if it is still so basic, why?Here's some pros:Graphic design is a little unique, kind of cartoony, but not annoyingly so;Light and shade is spot on - seeing a campfire from a distance at night for the first time was a treat;Runs well and has surprisingly few problems and glitches - thereby putting AAA titles like H1Z1 and DAYZ to shame;The biomes are each quite different - from sandy deserts and chilly snow, to what looks remarkably just like the Aussie outback;The crafting tree is intuitive, and all the weapons, gear and machines can be crafted;The infamy system ties to the amount of player kills, which means the killer then gains a higher loot loss rate on death - this seems so far to have acted as a ""consequence"" to discourage the kind of rampant KOSing that seems ever-present in games like DAYZ and Rust - meaning that I've met a ton of players in Hurtworld who don't just automatically want to♥♥♥♥♥♥my corpse as soon as they see me;The survival aspect is interesting, as you can die from freezing at night, heatstroke in the desert and/or during duststorms, poison, radiation, and from an array of animals...not to mention other players;Base building is a treat, with tons of scope for some quite sophisticated structures;Bases and stored loot are permanent (until wipe, of course) and bases can only be breached using very difficult to craft C4 - meaning that most people will only go after a base if the perceived rewards outweight the hefty cost of the C4;Guns are extremely hard to craft, and I mean extremely;If you die, you keep all your basic tools in your hotbar as well as your clothes - unless you're infamous, at which time you can lose any of these;This game sells itself as hard-core, and in many ways it is;Good friendly devs; andAir-humping with friends...yeah, baby. You know what I mean.Here's some cons:Missing some way to identify KOSers and waste them without suffering infamy - this could be addressed by perhaps adding a bandit type skin system similar to old school DAYZ and also tweaking infamy;No free look;Still feels like it could contain a lot more content (the devs have said there's plenty more to come), as it seems once end game is reached (guns), there may not be much to do (but I could be talking crapola, having not yet reached endgame content);Still has sociopathic KOSers (which is also kind of a positive) including one little annoying bast*rd who called out in a reedy ten year old's voice that he was friendly, and then promptly speared me in the face when I felt sorry for him and stopped to help...Oh, I'm coming for you sonny, and when I find you I'm going to hit you harder than puberty will; andMissing unique character creation and no female characters. I really want female characters so that my air-humping exploits aren't always so Brokeback Mountainey.So, in summary, although this game is in very early release and there's more filling in of content to be done, it already runs great and is just so fun to play. The devs are obviously very invested in it, and already are talking about some great content they want to introduce.From the minute you spawn and start hurriedly picking up driftwood and stones to build a fire and avoid freezing to death, to the point where build a base and fill it with high end machinery, you'll have a blast.You should buy it. I dare you.Nah, I double-dare you."
,Recommended,393420,21704444,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Burnt Toast,"i just met  the nicest guy. so i slowly dying of coldness and this guy walks up to me and says, ""hey man! you look cold do you want some clothes?"" and i was shocked by the fact that he didnt kill me like everyone else dose so i say yes he says, "" cool. come with me."" and he takes me to his base and he makes my some clothes and i ask if he has a campfire (to warm me up) he say yes come with me and we go outside and he puts down a fire pit and lets me warm up after 30sec he pickes it up and give it to me and say, ""here have this, its MUCH better then a campfire."" he then sends me on my way and says, 'bye good luck out there :)."" one of the best people ive ever met in a video game. his name was ""kind monkey"" or somthing like that10/10 would recommended"
76561198076602158,Not Recommended,393420,32307733,Posted: 9 June,all,¼ Pounder™,"After buying the game and watching the rocky road of developement over the past year, it's clear to me that this is more like the product of ya mates half arsed rpg maker project and not a tidy productive or progressive result of a proper developement team. The game had something going for it in the beginning but the people behind it have been unable to rise to the occasion and at this point may just be too far gone."
,Recommended,393420,19665887,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ollie,"So i bought this game thinking there would be lots of bambi's hitting each other and groups of guys with guns.... well to my surprise i loaded in to find a man who asked me if i needed anything, i told him i was new and he gave me a pickaxe and hatchet. Soon after this i went exploring and must have ran past 10+ guys with out a single one trying to kill me. I finally ended up dying to a deer... yes a deer.10/10 Survival game where deer are more deadly then players"
,Recommended,393420,19835926,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,@MoneyMan731,I stole somebodies car and ran over 10 people with it.Then I went home and started playing Hurtworld.
,Recommended,393420,19606536,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Crunchy Soap,"You can take your hair off and put it in the fridge.Thankyou, Hurtworld."
76561198064418284,Not Recommended,393420,22787877,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Flamingpaws,"The game started off great, that is before the Russian hackers and the server issues. The game seems forgotten by every good aspect of the community and the devs, but it had great potential just like every other early access game."
,Not Recommended,393420,23369298,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,GioGimic,I can no longer recomend this game. What makes a game like this either thrive or die is the community around it and the community around this game for the english speaking folk like myself is just god awful.I tried giving the game another go just the other day was greeted by many russians chinese and a few italians none of which could speak english. Bare in mind i was in a featured community server i did try a couple other servers but closest to a US base server i could find was split [EU/US] any thing else either had no players or had insane rates.Trying to have a conversation was like speaking to a brick wall and trying to find people to play with was even more impossible. The game it's self doesn't seem to have changed much since when i bought it except now theres a build limit which is kind of lame.Anyway stay away there are other survival games out there with more content and better communities.They have added steamworkshop to this game but it only seems to have low-quality maps on it as of right now maybe check back in a year see how the game is then but as of right now i cant recomend it.
76561198170407231,Not Recommended,393420,30679499,Posted: 22 March,all,Five 0h Eight,"I've got close to 90 hours sunk into this game. So, I can offer some good insight into what this game is...I used to love this game. I'd tell all my friends to get it and play with me (they never did thankfully). I got it soon after it's release and played quite often, but had to quit because I didn't have the time to invest in it anymore.I took this week off of work and figured this would be a good way to spend my vacation. WRONG. There's only 1 community server left that's thriving and twice today I had built a base. Both were completely destroyed by the same guy - a blatant hacker - who has a clan that enjoys griefing players who literally don't have anything like myself. I know he was hacking because the server had been wiped earlier in the day and it was impossible for anyone to have raid tools because those take days to get typically.Essentially, this game consists of YOU building s*** and KOSers, hackers and d***heads taking it away. The anti-cheat is non-existent, and in a survival game, that means everything you have can be taken at any time. I was gone for 10 minutes to get Taco Bell and some Miller Lite and hours of work were gone. I have NEVER met a nice person while playing this game. Development is a joke too - all they do is spend their time making more weapons for people to KOS with and designing building structures which I've never seen implemented."
,Recommended,393420,21597542,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sir Fluffy,"Spawned on community server. Friendly stranger asked me to TP to him to play together, i did. Ran out for 20 mins, talked about his life and mine. Talked about his family. Told him i have to pick up the phone for a bit. Watched him slowly aimed his rifle at my head and shot me, looting all my /kit items. ""Sorry i dropped my mouse"" came the respond. 10/10 would lose faith in people again."
,Recommended,393420,29938186,Posted: 15 February,all,[SD6] Cat♭uttt_,I'm Australian and this game just feels like a regular Wednesday afternoon for me
,Recommended,393420,28393131,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Rex,Naked natives with spears trying raid my three-storey stone castle to steal my oranges!Slav squats and campfire are included
,Recommended,393420,19600871,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Hyrum,RIP Rust.
76561197989352526,Recommended,393420,19474436,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Munky,"Great ambience, clean visuals, rock solid servers.Couldn't ask for a better launch!Def could use some tuning on some mechanics, but as the devs said, this isn't ""HugWorld"".Feels like Legacy Rust morphed into a better game overall!"
,Recommended,393420,21115398,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jomes,"I joined a random server, made basic tools like an axe and pickaxe, then I found a random spear lying on the ground, I took it and just seconds later a half naked man is screaming for help because a dear is chasing him. I killed the dear and me and my new bff start traveling together. We then came accross 2 people with full gear and weapons, they tell us to pick a side and flip a coin, my friend gets picked first. He's told to tell a joke, if they laugh he can live, if they don't he will be killed.  He tells a horrible knock knock jokes and his brains are blown out right before my eyes. The 2 men then offer me a tour of their base. I refuse and wish to go find where my friend respawned, they then hold me up at gunpoint and force me into a room. They ask if I'm hungry and since my character is starving I say yes. They turn on all of the ovens that are in the room im locked in, and I start to overheat. As I'm being cooked alive in a giant oven they start making jew and holocaust jokes. After I died I found my old friend with a small group of about 4 people, they invite me and we create a cult worshipping a fire, we go around and find newbies and ask if they accept the mighy fire as their lord and savior, those who say no are killed. Eventually we build a small clan of about 7 people, we then build a small base and seconds later it gets raided. The raiders come back about 10 minutes later and offer us supplies. We ended up with a dope base and a new ally, and we created a cult praising a campfire.This happened within the first hour of me playing."
,Recommended,393420,19503036,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,prophecylike,"This game is so well thought out and capitalizes on many things that make survival games either an open world call of duty fest or micromangment fest regarding hunger thrist etc....1.You keep clothes/tools when you die and drop raw materials only2.KoS system where you practically become a criminal for a certain amount of time resulting in dropping items like tools/clothes upon death.3.Resource/Mob spawning really well done, further from spawn harder the enemies/better ores.4.Cars of course!5.Stats on gear is capped on how overpower you can become in PvP and actually benefit you surviving against the game for example, some of the more endgame gear has poison resist which don't nessicarily help you in PvP it helps you from mobs far from spawn that spit poison at you.6.You will die not just to players!!!!!!!!Whatever you're thinking, just know to buy this game AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. YOU. WILL. NOT. REGRET. IT."
76561198053422627,Recommended,393420,19477962,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"This....This game........This game here is why I play and muddle through so many early access survival games.Wanna see video?  Here is my Early Access Launch Day LiveStream Video 1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Fb3JJxS5QwThis is a rare gem, and for early access, this gem shines and shows developers who care about making a FUN and fantastic hardcore PvP open world sandbox game.  I have never heard of it until I found it last night about 30 minutes before it launched in early access just hours ago.  And I was going to go to bed dammit as it launched about 1am my time.  - Now the sun is coming up and I haven't got a wink of sleep {Points at the reason for my sleepless night but with a smile on my face..}Does it have bugs?  Yes.  Is it complete?  Nope.But this game is amazing for a game like this just launching in early access.  I didn't think I'd see a game that I fell in love with like I did when I first experienced Rust in December of 2013, two years ago.  I'm not trying to over-hype this game guys... but Move over Rust because you just met your match.  Hurtworld looks to offer more content, smoother gameplay that I only wished Rust ever had, and every bit of the Risk-Vs-Reward drama that made Rust so freakin' awesome when it first launched.My Launch Day in Early Access LiveStream Video - Part 2:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Fb3JJxS5QwI'll be posting plenty of videos on this game, but for now, just know that if you loved Rust, Hurtworld is a MUST-BUY for you, period.  Enough said.  Buy it now, and thank me later.  Likewise, if you hate player versus player games and hate getting ganked and looted, then you'll likely hate this game too.  But for a ton of people like me that always loved Rust but always wanted something that played smoother and offered more... Hurtworld is for you my friends!My Early Access First Impressions score, In it's early access alpha state mind you...  Hurtworld gets a 96% from me.  (Value = 40 out of 40, Fun = 30 out of 30, Controls & Bugs = 18 out of 20, Graphics & Sound = 8 out of 10)My Launch Day in Early Access LiveStream Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyOwW_pf7bQ***** Note To the Developers *****_____________________________________..First off, I want to say THANK YOU for showing what 'early access' SHOULD mean to all these shady developers who launch their garbage and empty promises here on Steam just to try and make a buck.  This game is truly a breath of fresh air in a cess pool of early access filth these days.Beyond my thank you... I also want to tell you guys to GET READY FOR INSTANT BIG TIME SUCCESS.  Rust sold a million copies in about two months when it launched in early access.- - Mark my words...$ * *  You guys will sell more copies of this game in less time then did Rust two years ago.  * * $I hope you guys are ready to be millionaires.  I also hope you are ready to support this game and are able to stop the hackers and ""doooooosh bags"" who will try and ruin your game with hacks, cheats, and exploits that will come with what I predict as a very fast climb to Steams best selling game in the coming weeks...Thanks again devs for this.  You're monetary rewards are coming I'm confident of that, but thank you from a gamers true heart for making a game not to make money but a game that gamers want to play.See My Playlist of ALL of My Hurtworld Videos On My YouTube Channel Right Here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYL0JJsOk9muAF_X0SNMuFRwxiKs4CxtF"
,Recommended,393420,21299177,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,KingBeyondTheWall,"I am a 23 year old male, and this game made me come close to tears. I'll explain....This game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ It took my friend and I 10+ hours to build a base worthy of standing up to a raid.  For three days we logged on to add more to our base always afraid of making a mistake that would leave us vulnerable. On the third day, after we finally began to gain enough courage to venture our to far reaches of the map, we opened our door to find 4 naked men standing outside, and they rushed in. We had somehow left our outside airlock open, and the moment I saw them, I knew it was over. Their 8 year old voices screeched through my headphones as they ransacked our base, taking everything and destroying our walls. I sat their shocked, letting myself get killed over and over by these nude characters that had inflicted so much pain on my soul. It was in that moment I found a tear creeping into the corner of my eye as all of our hardwork was ruined. Our base was obliterated, and so too our hopes and dreams.10/10 would almost cry again."
76561198052094113,Recommended,393420,21689527,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Master_ape,"I have played 5.3 hours of this game so far and must say: I LOVE it!I am a fan of survival games and fps.This game combines both aspects, however I would not call it a fps per say, as pvp can be avoided.The first couple of days, to be more specific nights, will be very harsh, especially for beginners.The chances that you starve or freeze to death are high, but if you keep an eye out for them oranges it should all be good 😋Once you have managed to set up a base, gathered resources and upgraded your essential tools, the drive to push further into the map and explore news areas will come forth.It ain't easy though, trust me!Hurtworld has surprised me by how much fun I am having. I really enjoy the graphics and sound effects too!All 4 thumbs up!!"
,Recommended,393420,19537320,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Loriborn of Utumno ⚔,"Hurtworld is a title that looks to compete in a genre that is completely oversaturating the market, especially in regards to Early Access games. Many of its gameplay elements are similar to its more popular predecessors, namely games such as Rust, DayZ, and Ark. However, while Hurtworld does not introduce many new concepts to the genre, it takes these preexisting gameplay elements and polishes them up to a shine not often found in Early Access titles.Most of the work done in both the closed Alpha and Beta was to create a stable and optimized foundation for new content to be added to when the game reached Early Access; compared to other games, FPS is relatively stable even at higher settings on lower end machines, and because the server handles a significant amount of the game calculations,  are more reliable, albeit more slow. This means far fewer instances of players hacking, and more accurate hitboxes for PvP, though it also means ping will be the determinate factor for how long it takes for that rock you picked up to show up in your inventory.There seems to be a great deal of planning that went into the overall progression and balance of Hurtworld. Although lacking in content and variety, the existing model and flow is generally more enjoyable. Rather than giving tools durability and punishing the player with the annoyance of repairing and recrafting the same basic item every 50+ uses, many items and tools do not degrade in health and remain in the player's inventory even after death. This means more of the player's time is spent collecting resources, building bases, and interacting with other players, rather than mass-crafting a number of tools to ensure they are able to cut down a few trees by the end of the day.On the topic of PvP, because the focus of the title is survival from the standpoint of environmental and player interaction rather than from the standpoint of mass collection of raw materials, the infamy system does a relatively fine job of keeping high tier players from picking on low tier new players. Because tools, clothing, and weapons stay in your inventory unless your infamy is above 1, and because infamy is only generated by killing other players, most players refrain from wasting their infamy on kills that are not profitable from an objective standpoint. Instead, high tier players tend to focus their PvP, if they do decide they need to kill, on other individuals that actually pose a threat to them; those with guns, cars, and bases.The art style is reminscent of TF2, with highly saturated colors, beautifully hand drawn art, and clean, low poly models. This makes the environment rather ironically comfortable to play in, and provides a warm setting to relax in when not in immediate danger, but nicely juxtaposes to the actual risk and threat of death. Similarly, the colors and shapes make distinguishing players and fauna a much easier task on lower resolution monitors, where noisy models and textures create messy scenes over the vast open world of most survival games.Overall, Hurtworld is a rare gem of polish and potential, and while it lacks in content, the promise of modding opportunities, and beautiful code framework that has been put in place for these new additions, and the general developer transparency, put this game at a relatively good starting place if compared to titles of the same genre. If you already own Rust, Ark, DayZ, etc. and feel burned out on this type of gameplay, I do not recommend this game, as you won't find much new here.However, if you're relatively new to the genre, or found the poor performance and clunkiness of these other titles did not suite your gameplay requirements, Hurtworld provides oddly satisfying gunplay and a reliable network free from many of the meta issues that plague other games on the market. I would recommend supporting these developers in the hope that the interest in the game spurns their updates to be released timely and regularly, with the same polish as the rest of the title."
,Recommended,393420,20185593,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LeMorrow,">>>>> Probably outdated review <<<<<English isn't my first language, sorry if your eyes pop when reading this.I'll start by saying that I enjoy this game a lot. It's kind of what I wanted legacy rust to be like, so if you enjoyed that game you're probably going to like this one as well. But please, before buying this game, remember that it is very early alpha and you will most likely die inside of a mountain or break your legs off the shortest fall in the world quite a few times. Unless you're ready to face a lot of glitches you might as well wait a few months to get it.I'll list some of my own opinions here. Some people might not agree with me on these.+Gather ratesIt will take you a while to get your house going unlike new rust. It's very balanced.+The bowIf you enjoyed the bow in legacy rust you're probably going to like this one as well. It will one shot players in the head which makes it a great weapon when you're starting out, making you able to kill the best geared player on the server with one shot. It's also used in lategame PVE. This is explained further down.+GraphicsI play on the lowest settings and it makes you kind of fuzzy and cozy. It has a cartoony touch to it which i personally think is beautiful+Combat""It feels like they've built a fps and added the survival components, not the other way around"" - some youtuber which i cant remember the name of. Absolutely no player lag gamewise.+DeathDying isn't as harsh on you as you won't lose your tools, unless you have the ""infamous"" buff.   Keep in mind that some servers will have plugins that makes you drop tools as well.+InfamousThis is a buff you get upon killing another player. If you are infamous and you die you will lose one tool in your inventory. If you've killed enough players you will get the ""Outlaw"" buff. When you are infamous you will gradually get hungrier and colder faster. The Outlaw buff will make you drop two tools instead of one. If you are killed as an Outlaw, the killer will not get the Infamous buff and therefor an Outlaw is always the primary target. Sadly, there is no way to see if a player is infamous yet, so you will have to be active and read the chat to spot the guy with the most infamy.This balances KOS (Killing On Sight) because you would have to think through if killing that freshspawn is worth the risk of losing your weapon.A lot of people disagree with this, but I think it has great potential. But it's obviously not tweaked for the greatest yet.For example, two players start shooting at you and you have no chance to run away from them. Obviously you would want to shoot your way out of there. Let's say you manage to get one of them but his friend kills you. Since you already killed someone you will have the infamous buff and lose a tool, while they didn't lose anything at all. (unless they were infamous as well)I'll also point out that there are server that have disabled infamous.If you're new to the game, DO NOT play on one of them.People do not have a reason to not kill you, since ammo is really cheap and there's no infamous. Also if you're new don't play on the official servers. They're pretty much the same as the non-infamous servers.+PVEGood PVE, even in lategame. The developers has really thought this one through. Usually you if you find one animal there will be a few others standing around it. If you shoot one of the animals with a firearm, the others will hear it and charge at you. At the lower level animals it wont really be a problem, but when you get to the more dangerous animals they start grouping in bigger groups and dealing a lot more damage. This makes it (pretty much) impossible to use a firearm for killing lategame animals, leaving you with a bow. It is challenging to kill a yeti alone for the first time, but it can be as hard to kill it after 80 hours.+CommunityThe community is really friendly and helpful if you need help or have any questions. I guess this depends on what server you're playing on but I've had a good experience, and even made a few friends on the way :)~SurvivalVery challenging survival when first logging in. I don't know if this is the way to encourage players to keep playing if they log in and die within 3 minutes a few times in a row. The survival gets easier and easier the further you get in the game, which is kind of what you'd expect.-C4 and raidingEDIT: I wrote before that c4 was not implemented in the gameyet. Yesterday it was confirmed by battlemu1e on reddit thatthe detonator caps does indeed dropbut with an extremely low droprate. It's also very expensive to craft so don't expect alot of c4 in the game yet.""The reason why currently the cap drop rate is so low and material cost is so high is that this was never the intended final balance of c4, we just need to weigh the available options for base protection against the availability of c4 to create a fairer balance for raiding."" -battlemu1e""The material drop rate needs balance as do the construction items strength balance (i.e. wood<Stone<metal). Once this happens, raiding will be opened up."" -DrDazzler (developer)-LategameLategame is extremely dull. There is absolutely nothing to do when you have gotten yourself the best weapon and the best tools. Since there are no raiding the only thing you could do is build a bigger house. Or start all over again on another server.-FPSBad FPS and crashes. A lot of people are now thinking hmm, seems kinda fun. Will my computer be able to handle it? Well, there's not an easy answer to this. I don't have good specs so I run this game on 35-40fps with the lowest graphic settings. If you want some perspective I get around 130-140 fps on CSGO running medium graphic settings. My friend on the other hand that has a lot better specs than me, but he doesn't get this game over 17 fps somehow. (he's got NVIDIA 8-core and I got AMD 4-core)Also, I have to point out that a lot of players including me sometimes get FPS drops where we get stuck in 1 FPS for around 10-60 seconds. Apparently many players get this like once every 3 hours in the game. This has killed me twice and it is very frustrating.EDIT: If you have FPS issues, try "" -force-d3d9 "" or "" -force-d3d11 "" in Hurtworld's launch options.-ResourcesResources will always spawn on the same spot, unlike Rust where it's randomized. For example, by now I know where I need to go if I need iron ore or a lot of wood. I think that it would give a lot more variety if it was randomized.-CarsYep. You probably thought this would be one of the positive things didn't you? Well, first of all cars are hard to obtain. When you've finally gotten your car your probably not going to wanna drive it around. Cause you will lose it instantly. There are no way of locking your car and there's no protection for getting shot in the car. If anyone sees you riding around in your car they will take you down and claim the car as theirs guaranteed.As everyone else is saying, this game has great potential. I hope they will develop more PVE content and explore lands that other survival games haven't yet. Maybe some boss that require multiple players to defeat. But sadly I don't think that's what we're going to get out of this game. I think it's going to develop similar to rust and one day we'll all sit here writing another review about some other survival game and reference Hurtworld instead of legacy rust.Overall I still recommend the game. It's been great fun and it was definitely worth my 20€. I think now I'll just sit back in my chair until servers wipe or until new content gets released.Don't forget to rate if I helped you decide whether or not to buy this game :)Feedback is greatly appreciated!"
,Not Recommended,393420,33618819,Posted: 17 July,all,Logan,"So...hurtworld.Remember that Survival Games BOOM in 2k14-2k15? Where games like h1z1 rust and milion of copied ♥♥♥♥♥ like this were rulling the steam?Yeah that game is one of those.Is it in Early Access which will be forever?Yup.Is it the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t all over with those bonuses like servers wipeouts?yup.Is it a Farming Simulator where you just collect things?Yup.But first thing first.So in that game we play as random nobody who spawns on a desert to survive.Gameplay...it's a survival game.you just collect stuff,build,hunt,kill and die.But okay...we have  many clothes and cars and of course we can build a base which will be raided in 1 day..And then when you have epic stuff...server wipeout.and again! So fun right?Really in this game you don't need skill or support..if you have no brain to sit whole day in that game you will be the best! Really in night you will collect stuff and when people will play you will just rebuild and craft.One of good things is actually that weather changes and it affects the player by giving him some buffs or nerfs for short time like rain will slow you down or something like that.That's good.Community...oh my god.So if you play alone...you are dead.Really.Here most of the people will try to kill you.No matter who.They will try.But if you want help you can join to clans,people who have more time in that game than globals in cs go and with them you can be the best...for 2 weeks.This is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing ever in those games...you just do the same♥♥♥♥♥♥all over.Minerals and wood spawn in the same spot,cars too...i don't get it.What is funny in doing something for 2 weeks and then just doin it all over?Game is dead in 2k17 so don't bother to buying it.Don't be a fool.This is a farming simulator for people who suck at every game or they have too much time.3/10 hope that games like that will die like servers.In 2 weeks."
,Recommended,393420,19957210,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bliss,Enter WorldRains*Dies from rain*When they say hardcore survival they really mean there sh**
,Not Recommended,393420,22793215,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,EQOAnostalgia,"A purchase i came to regret. Don't bother, it offers nothing special at all and it's only gotten worse since it came out. Was fun for a weekend."
76561198201841780,Not Recommended,393420,30644567,Posted: 20 March,all,shoker,its like rust but its worse and costs more
76561198140712359,Recommended,393420,28091996,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Fordo,"Hurtworld is a good game, but the community servers are filled with angry Russians and kill on sight Chinese."
,Not Recommended,393420,22802220,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SaMa,"You may think from the screenshots and video ""Looks fun, and it's cheap! I'll buy it, can't be that bad"".A friend and I thought like that.Well, it's not fun, it's painfully unrewarding.I won't even tell you my frustation stories, bugs, offline servers or unbalanced behaviors.Just don't bother and don't buy it.Even if you want to, do yourself a favor and wait the release, if someday..."
76561198038495130,Recommended,393420,19531702,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dancing Pyro hellcase.com,"I made a campfire then i saw 4 people coming at me with guns.I kept sitting there looking at them.. i♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants but i still kept staying there, they only wanted to give me food and thats exactly what they did. Then they left me 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,393420,25199470,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,i want to be hit by a train,Australia in a nutshell.
,Recommended,393420,19652321,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Nik The Greek,died from hypothermia in the desert while running in the middle of the day10/10 would enable logic.exe again
76561198015987692,Recommended,393420,25500390,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ray,"If you like Rust and miss Battlefield heroes,this is something for you.Never forget you BFH. <3"
,Recommended,393420,19474749,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,give me ak or team kill,"Challenging game that focuses on both the PVP and PVE aspects of a survival game!Good early and mid game progression from what I have seen so far.Loving the optimization, runs smoothly and there seems to be a lot of content on Day 1."
76561198017289101,Not Recommended,393420,22790112,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kwazymofo,Good luck finding a server.
76561198122642880,Not Recommended,393420,32673522,Posted: 23 June,all,»Goldey«,Game isdead:(
76561197976066884,Not Recommended,393420,32414975,Posted: 14 June,all,Orl0k,"Horrible waste of money, don't buy this turd, If you don't own it already buy Rust, it ♥♥♥♥♥ on this games head!"
,Recommended,393420,20568272,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,kollec vood,"Hurtworld is a hardcore survival game. It has several aspects which make it into my top 3 survival games after only two hours. Here's why you should buy it if you like games like it.1. Good Community.I have ran into about 5 people, and they have asked, do you need help, are you new, and more. I have been killed once by a player.2. Everything wants you dead.Every animal except goats(I think) try to attack you.3. You don't lose everything when you die.The tools you have in your hotbar dont go away, unless your Infamous.4. Balanced PVPAfter watching a video on it, you gain Infamy when you kill someone, When you are Infamous, you lose a random item in your hotbar each time you die.ConclusionI think that if you like survival games like Rust and ARK:SE then you would like this.TL:DRVery balanced game, you get your moneys worth in a few hours."
,Recommended,393420,19498131,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,G-TIX,"HurtWorld Review By Galantix+Very solid serversBaseBuildingVery friendly community (for a survival game)It's not very easyCraftingRust Legacy feelingAmazing ArtStyleRuns smooth-Random FPS drops (ATM)Can get boring when playing aloneThe starts can be very hard because of hunger/freezingMy experience so farit is very fun to play and the exploring is awesome,the crafting is very good and you actually need to do something to get your materials :Di do prefer to play with friends because it can get boring when playing solo :)"
,Recommended,393420,20899263,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ImPsychoTv,"This game is amazing and is very fun to play with all your friends. You can farm up resources or go and kill some yetis. But there are pros and cons and in my opinion, they are as follow.If you and your friends are looking for a server to play on don't join and official server the reset the map way to often. Also, If you join a small server dont be that KOS person. Help the fresh spawns and let them prosper too.Pros⚓ Build Big bases⚓ Show Creativity⚓ Cool Cosmetics to make⚓ Raiding⚓ Gun Fights⚓ They Focus On Server PerformanceCons⚓ They rarely update the gameplay⚓ Late game is easy⚓ The drill is SUPER loud⚓  Also, lots of little bugs (They are working on it)"
,Not Recommended,393420,22803229,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Billy Mays,Hurtworld was pretty fun when it first launched- you could pick it up and get into PVP pretty quick having naked bow fights in the woods and just generally muck around.  Then they decided that there would be no fun allowed and made everything tedious and horrible.  After nerfing resources and making everything harder to craft no one wanted to leave their base anymore making everything super lame (not to forget the totem changes).  The server populations died off fairly quick after said changes and the game just isn't fun or alive anymore.  You would be better off giving your money to that guy begging out front of the gas station who totally isn't going to spend it on booze than to spend it on this.
76561198398099551,Recommended,393420,34163577,Posted: 11 August,all,๖ۣۜThe_Alien_Bum,Ok I will admit that this games doesn't have the biggest community but the fact that people are calling the game dead and god awful with no more than 2 hours just hurts my brain. This game is at a very early stage and what the dev are doing so far is pretty impressive. Like most games it has its bugs and problems and I love the frequent updates and how dev listens to the community which sends a good message to them wanting to make the game better. Overall i think that people should definitely check this game out and see what it has in store because I think this  game has a lot of potential and i've meet some pretty amazing people (mainly foreign) that have taught me alot and thats why I think this game is 8/10
,Not Recommended,393420,32777734,Posted: 25 June,all,KOMPOT14,Really dead game.This is rust with lower graphics.This game is really glitchy and has a lot of issues.Not worth 10$ and let's not talk 'bout the ♥♥♥♥ing overprice of 20 bucks
,Not Recommended,393420,33057433,Posted: 30 June,all,[TRR]RED 赤,Dead eaten and digested by russians
76561198012889457,Not Recommended,393420,23965510,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Revolution,Don't buy this game.It's just another early access cashgrab. No real progress in the development of the game for months and months.DayZ 2.0
,Recommended,393420,19558347,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dronin,"Solid (and very fun) little game at this time, Please note however that content is still constantly under construction.Positives:+ Generally smooth performance+ Decent voip and nameplates only appear when very close+ Variety of PVE encounters that can actually be challenging+ Excellent base building mechanics+ Large number of gfx options+ Huge and varied map+ FOV slider (why do more games not have this?)+ Bandit/Karma/Infamy system (needs work however foundation is there)+ Base raiding is possible but very expensive+ Dev team listen to and liase with the community.Negatives:- Tiering needs looking at- Resource spawning can take a long time- Few weapon options- Some rubber banding.- Possibly a memory leak/gfx glitch, perfomance seems to decrease over time (using Nvidia(maxwell) gpu)- Not much in the way of resource variety- Over reliance on certain resoures- Food doesn't stack which is more an irritance than a challenge- Few bugs like clipping through walls, mobs spawning on players etc.- Rumors of hacking already surfacing.- No Server que systemThe overall sucesss of this game will depend on how often the devs fix bugs and add new content."
76561198009039007,Not Recommended,393420,34384100,Posted: 20 August,all,McCreep,"The game was fun for the first two months after release into EA.Then people started using glitches and bugs to their advantage, and forcing newer players out of the game... Which is why servers are mostly dead nowadays beside EU.Over a year there were no updates beside blogposts, excluding  some really minor changes.Recently there is released experimental v2 version, which shows alot diffrent aproach and basically is a diffrent game comletly - and for the most part is even more of a mess than v1.- The glitches are still present.- AI still is acting like a rubber ball on aids.- New map layout is was too confusing and ♥♥♥♥♥♥, without distinct orientation points unlike previous one.- Radiation in later bomes is a nice touch, too bad that when you die and respawn you die again in your base since you have no clothes to protect you- Animals doesn't drop food, beside rabbits and deers - which seem to be absent from future biome.- Some major graphic glitches are happening.I would not recomend buying this game unless it's on a sale, it's not worth the money in a current state."
76561198039387562,Not Recommended,393420,22899745,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Darkhorse,"Before I begin. I am not one of the fools trying to stop EA games. The EA system is a great idea, and works very well most of the time, so on to the game.The game itself has a good concept. It’s not “Totally new and different! A whole new type of game!” but it is fun, and unique. So why the downvote?* I love PVP games. I love H1Z1 with perma death and losing all yer stuff to a noob who shot you with a bow. That’s fun. But this is different. It’s a game with a deep crafting system. To make a gun takes a long time, lots of work and it’s satisfying. That is till they made the update where you drop everything when you die. Now you get killed left and right, and STILL, have to work forever to make anything. At that point it turns into a war.*The only way this would Work “well” (Or really at all) would be to have clans, where you could build up yer stuff in a safe place and have wars. That could be fun, but it would kill it for solo players such as I. If yer a solo player this game seems beyond hope, I’d turn away.*Now what if you want to be a clan player. Cool! Try and find someone. The servers AREN'T low pop, but the players are toxic at best. One time I saw a guy murdered (BEFORE the loot drop update). He asks the player WHY. The player says “You took my log”. FYI logs spawn regularly. EVERYWHERE. This was a top lvl player. He killed a noob. Said the guy stole his family, and then refused to give anyone of the dudes stuff back.*TL;DR Yeah the community is toxic and this game has now been set up in a way that it would only work with a GREAT community helping everyone out. The devs started off good with a good idea, but they screwed up. The gmae is NOT pointless, you still may like it. And it may come back maybe they'll fic the mistakes. I really have put enough into this game to fairly judge, so I may update in time.P.S. The games price is STILL 25$ BTW."
,Recommended,393420,19776398,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,SwerVed,"HurtWorld:- Looks like Rust Alpha- Feels like Rust Alpha- Made by Australians- Nude Free- Don't kill people or the whole server will turn on you- If you want to kill, change your steam username- Played 30 hours got bored- Only played it cause it was the only game my friends could run- Got raided cause ""aesthetics""- You can make friends with anyone (I usually end up killing them)- Heatstroke- Cold- ""I'm Hungry"" every 2 minutes- C4 is impossible to make- Raiding is impossible- Can get raided cause of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ team members (Friends of Friends)- Did I mention it feels like Rust?- Quit"
,Recommended,393420,20919792,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Sgt.Stupid,I've played for about 15 minutes and got bored with it.Caught my Dad on it about two weeks ago. He's clocking 50 hours a week on it.My mom hates both of us now.10/10 = Keep Daddy Busy.
76561198081708262,Recommended,393420,19478095,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,123,Love it so far feels like legacy rust could have been!
,Recommended,393420,19515072,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kosta,"Here's a story about something that has just happened to me. I only just bought this game 40 minutes ago.When looking in my control options menu I saw these different emotes and I think ""oh cool, let me just bind some of these to F6 - F9"" and I do that. Well then I join a server and see ""Plank."" Plank is your normal 'do-good' fellow who just happened to spawn right near me. I wasn't sure what the voice chat button was, and didn't want to stand still infront of him for several seconds to find it out so I pressed F6. Upon doing that my character slowly pretended to unwind his fist and flip him off. I ran away.Later that night I had a camp fire going and who do I see in the distance? Plank. Plank and I sat beside the camp fire until it eventually went out and I just hear the words, ""we're f*cked"", and he runs away.I'll never know what happened after that night, but they say Plank is still out there. Trying to survive in the wilderness, all alone.(Buy this game, it's amazing.)"
76561198193214134,Recommended,393420,29417060,Posted: 22 January,all,[ZSU] Rabbits260,"A very positive hardcore survival game, if you dont like hard games this isnt for you, if you get it, sneak around and collect materials make a small base and upgrade before going for the best materialsSo to add to this, i havent played for 6 months or soI feel I should tell you all, this game is wicked fun! But be warned, servers get wiped with new patches and not much has chnaged in 6 months, servers for AUS have a few people playing but not heaps. All in all the new cities update looks promising and more game play is needed.I still give it a 8/10 and if you would like to support a very well thought out survival game then grab a copy play it till you have mad a awesome base and got all they stuff you can get then, sit back and wait for the updates"
,Not Recommended,393420,33806535,Posted: 26 July,all,Elon's Musk,dont waste ur money on this dead game like i did
,Not Recommended,393420,27895689,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alex,"*Edit: Everything I say here is still completely relevant as nothing has really changed 9 months later..*In all honesty, if you're gonna buy a game for £20, buy Rust, this is a completely downgraded version of the game with cars and maybe a few hidden extras that honestly still dont live up to expectations for a £20 Early Access game, this game has been out a year now and still see no major improvements since release.Pros:Drivings coolBuildings pretty coolCons:Weapons are stupidly powered (Shotgun is the only good weapon)Game can be glitchy to♥♥♥♥♥♥(get stuck in rocks and die instantly due to ""Falling"", etc.)Same map on every server looks completely identicalWeather is completely broken (Die in the desert in the middle of the day due to freezing unless you have a Snow Jacket on)If you want a Open World Survival game for £20, buy Rust. End of."
76561198250206212,Not Recommended,393420,22746437,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,atdebonis,Love the game but latest release has a big problem with building structures making very hard to play30 stone per wall40 stone per roof100 planks for doorAND cant move placable things anymorewould take 800-1000 stones just to buld a buildingPlease let us know whats going on seams like a real bad bug/side effect of other changes
76561198123958134,Not Recommended,393420,30216888,Posted: 27 February,all,DirtyBrownWaterTrash,"You can find far better games for the price, this is basically a crappy version of rust for $5 extra"
,Recommended,393420,20032086,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Adox,"So far i've had an amazing experience!I've formed some awesome relationships while playing this game!I'm currently playing Texas official #1 and like every survival game you will find some pretty BM players that will just kill you as soon as they see you regardless of what you have or what you're wearing, but unlike in DayZ ( can't say for  rust ) you will find friends! The community has been great so far and i really hope it stays that way.The game play has its own style to it and feels unique. The game has been out for 24 days now and it's been very stable.i hope everyone gives this game a shot, It truly is a fun time!"
76561198002203943,Recommended,393420,21443579,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Pebbleform,- Wearing an end game red winter jacket with thermal lining made from the hide of giant ancient yetis that can keep me warm in the coldest of blizzards-Freeze to death in the middle of a desert when its raining10/10 Garry Newman is out of a job
,Recommended,393420,21635332,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Brahmin Abdul #ForPalestine,Spawned inMade a stone hatchetMet up with my friendsFound a guy with gunsMe and my friend started screaming and gangbanged him with our hatchet10/10 would gangbang people again
76561198013438579,Recommended,393420,19626794,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,LetMeBurn,its everything you wanted rust to be!
,Recommended,393420,21845409,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Demi ♆,"This game keeps me up at night in a state of anxiety that my base, that took a whole day to build, will get raided and my valubles stolen. Logged in early the next day to find out that it did. So I built a new base and replaced my valubles. Next day all that is gone yet again..and so forth. Havnt felt that feeling of excitement and anxiety at the same time since Rust Legacy. Whats weird is that even though this game does this to me...I like it and cant get enough of it.9/10 game!+ 1 Sasquatch10/10 game!"
,Recommended,393420,20386950,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ＲＯＮＡＬＤ,"So me and my friend had a base on top of a hill which was right next to a valley we had a nice view of.One day we saw two fully working cars pull up in our valley, multiple people spring from either of them, and start battling it out. Me and my friend saw this as the brilliant opportunity it was to go and destroy these kids and take their car... So we did. we took the parts and ran into our base.I didn't believe we would be safe for long as they knew which base we came from and were advancing on it as we were putting the stuff away. I told my friend to get packing and i myself packed the best things i could and we teleported to the desert, made a 1x1 with storage and dumped everything in there. About 10 minutes later i teleport back to the actual base and when i was taking the rest of the loot for a second trip, when i heard an ear piercing screech of an obviously very angry foreign man.he was furious, unloading his gun into the poor walls of my base. Once he figured out i was inside, he yelled ""GIMME BACK MY CAR"" with which i replied a quiet ""no"" followed by a cheeky giggle. he repeated himself at the top of his lungs and i could hear he was still yelling with the mic off because i heard the start of a yell just before he let go of voice chat. At this point i was crying of laughter  despite the fact i was a little bit scared, this guy was a maniac.So since me and my friend had pretty much already decided that base was toast, I soon had everything from the base with about 10 seconds before teleporting back to the 1x1 i had made in the desert. In those 10 seconds i yelled ""USE C4"" he replied ""YOU WANT ME TO USE C4 HUH?"" i lied and said that i was bored as ♥♥♥♥ and wanted someone to raid me, and then i teleported away.about 20 minutes later i just saw him type in chat ""♥♥♥♥ YOU""So i waited a while before teleporting back and when i did, the base was half destroyed, he had done it. He had just lost 2 cars and about 3 C4.5/7 would ruin another man's life again"
,Recommended,393420,26360538,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[FZ] LUCKY RiCK!,"Hurtworld:Alot of people say it is just a copy of rust and nothing more.It is indeed a copy of rust.But it is a lot more than that!It has vehicles, third person, other crafting methods.There is a lot in hurtworld what u wont find in rust!If u love Rust u will love this game to !10/10"
76561197988620852,Recommended,393420,20280775,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Deja Vu,"Review is written on Version: 0.3.2.0. Release Date: 19 December 2015.This is literally the first Early Access game I can consider good and playable and I have seen a fair share of them.The game is fun, it's meant to have interaction with other players etc so PvP and perhaps even PvE can be done.The game performs very well even on avarage hardware, 60 FPS is a must and minimum for any game and this game delivers it.As this is Early Access there is little content available and it took me and my friend less than a day to get all the best gear, items, cars etc in the game and build a nice looking bases as well, but this is completely understandable and expected.We played on a Community Hosted Server which is a great addition and hopefully as the game gets more popular, more and more of Community Hosted servers get more players in them. As of currently, most of them are basically empty.The game has very flexible modding support which I personally believe is also a must in any game because that provides potentially evergrowing new content support.While we played it with my friend, we found suprisingly few bugs, most of them were graphical glitches which do not affect gameplay much at all and the few game bugs we found are very small ones.The only worries that are present are the ones which you get on any Early Access Game: Hopefully the game development continues at a decent speed (new content gets added, new features etc) and performance of the game won't downgrade over time. So shoutout to Developers: Do NOT back off from this game, finish it, it has great potential!Would I recommend to play the game in the current state? Yes, it is fun, even with the little content it has to offer right now. This game can potentially be extremely popular especially if the performance factor can be held, both Client and Server side."
76561198113519697,Not Recommended,393420,22792364,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sodium,"Hardly any players on a server (Maximum is normally at 30) and guess where these players are from? China.Content is lacking and there is not much to do, Goodluck trying to build a car. I'd only recommend this game once the devs actually put some effort into this game because at the current rate how they are going this game won't be finished in 2016. Only recommend to buy this if you either a) Like wasting time or b) Like throwing your money around."
76561198393829858,Not Recommended,393420,33211841,Posted: 3 July,all,Aegean,"I enjoyed this game very much, until tonight. To this day I've lost many things in this game, but the last one was it. My motorbike got stuck in a mountain, I couldn't get it out. It was a game bug, it couldn't move. The head of the motorbike just went into the mountain, got stuck, nothing I did. Me and my two friends spent 4 hours to salvage the bike. We have mined for titranium (or titanium, i don't know exactly, it is a in-game ore), I repeat, for 4 hours. When we finally finished gathering it, we were attacked by boars and the animals that spit green, i don't again, know the name for sure. Although we were equipped with  good clothes, we were still freezing. One of my friends rushed outside of the zone to make sure she did not die. We, stayed to fight with the boars. But while fighting with the boars (they spawned from nowhere by the way), getting spit at by weird animals and freezing out although we had good gear, we did not have much of a chance. We died. The friend who stayed back tried to get our items back, due to limited bag space she couldn't get them al anyway, but she tried to save at least a fraction of it. However, she couldn't move more than 40-50 seconds before freezing to death, she stayed near the fire.  The items we left was just in front of her, but even if she made it to there before freezing, the boars attacked. In like five minutes, it was morning and she wasn't freezing anymore. She rushed to the items, only to see them despawned. The items, all of them being the product of our 5-6 hours of effort, despawned, in five minutes. This is not exactly encouraging. I hope the developers read these reviews as well, because there are still basics things to fix in this game. Survival conditions, with the fact that players are surrounded by other, mostly hostile players, are very harsh. Despawning time is annoying. This is not the first time my investment of hours in the game is wasted like that, my items despawned three times before because there is simply no time to retrieve them. No way. You always encounter some challange, whether its players or it is the nature. What is the point of this game if I can't explore around without freezing out even if I have good clothes? I feel like my money spent on this game is totally wasted and hereby do not recommend this game. I want to say that again, I liked this game very much until my bike (that I gave my hours to build) was stuck inside a mountain, not my fault, and spent 4 hours to salvage it, ending up losing three people's inventories. I think you can understand why I am not recommending this game.Core survival timers needs to be redesigned. Despawning times must be longer. I don't know if I would play this game from now on. But I recommended this game before to two of my friends that I mentioned here, and they now say they would never play this game again."
,Not Recommended,393420,30598061,Posted: 18 March,all,zople,Worst update Rust has ever gotten.
76561198120652430,Not Recommended,393420,29245896,Posted: 14 January,all,Xeo,"I played enough of it at some point and the game is progressing nicely, someday I might return but for now the servers are full of hackers or godlike bhoppers with a bow. And the whole spawn on totem is a complete Sh*t show, people door camp until they finally get in then gain acces and all of a sudden 2-3 hours of work is deleted in a matter of 2-3 minutes. Idk why this has been kept in the game because its the largest issue. Also if you want to go far in this game group up cause its a grind. Good dev team though."
,Recommended,393420,25396389,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Scepticon,"With over 100 hours now registered on Hurtworld, I feel I've experienced enough to be able to give a fully fledged review.What is Hurtworld?Hurtworld is an early-access survival game that, as stated in the description is extremely punishing in vanilla. Many servers usually increase the amount of items you get from killing animals, mining, etc. to decrease the level of punishment, which allows players (including myself) who don't enjoy grinding to get into (in my opinion) the 'fun stuff'.The GoodWhile some of the community is saltier than the Dead Sea*Cough*Polskis*Cough*the other half are great people, allowing you to enjoy a mixture of teamwork and heavy combat between those two kids who always kill on sight (with winning against the w*nkers being extremely satisfying). I have also enjoyed many a tense moment too where , and I'm being hunted through a ruined town and needed to escape without being spotted - seriously fun.Hurtworld is best enjoyed while playing with friends, though, and in my opinion this makes up around 50% of the experience: building an awesome base together, driving out into the red desert or the snowy regions & fighting off players trying to take the stuff you have mined and taken from the radtowns, and much more.In a nutshellDifferent servers all cater to different playstyles.The combat in Hurtworld is extremely fun.Fantastic experience when playing together with mates.The BadAs I said earlier, about half of the Hurtworld community is very salty. Unfortunately this ruins the experience for some, especially those who can't defend themselves on their own against end-game players who just camp you and KoS. I have to admit that I stopped playing Hurtworld for a long while until two mates persuaded me to jump back into the game with them.The vulnerability of the lone player is no doubt enjoyed by some more hardcore players, however for a more casual player like me it was literally a game breaker. Keep this in mind if you don't know too many people on Steam.Keep in mind that this is also an early-access game. Not all of the features of the end-game have been done yet, and though they look awesome the lack of them does limit the gameplay to some extent. Seeing as combat is a major part of Hurtworld, the limited variety of weapons, especially guns, is painful. Until ItemV2 comes out (bringing with it the ability to add attachments and customise weapons) this is even more limited. While this of course won't be the case forever, it is at least at the time of writing this review.In a nutshellSalty kill-on-sight part of the community can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at times.Unless played with friends, Hurtworld isn't very friendly to the casual gamer.Early-access does limit the capabilities of the game, at least at the moment.The Bottom-LineHurtworld is, at the end of the day, a fantastic game. It is great fun for hardcore players, and is great for casual ones as well if you have a few mates who get the game as well.It has phenomenal potential, and by the time it comes out of early-access it well be very well fleshed-out. I'm always on the edge of my seat waiting to see what the devs will come out with next.However, if you play casually and don't have many friends on steam who'd be interested in playing this, then I wouldn't recommend it to you. If you're the sort of person who despises games that aren't fully fleshed out as well, then I'd recommend you wait to pull the trigger until Hurtworld comes out of early-access.If either of those two things don't apply to you though, I highly recommend you buy Hurtworld. While I can't say it doesn't have its flaws, there can never be a perfect game."
,Recommended,393420,19606885,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,BurningSnoMan,"If you liked Rust but wanted better than Rust, I recommend you try this game out. I've only been playing for 2 hours and I already love the game. The crafting is great, the combat pretty good, and the environments and enemies are awsome.If I were to rate this game as is....: 6/10 It's got the things we want, I just want more stuff to be added and for some of the crafting recipe's to make sense. 20 wood for a metal door, GG.~~=| Update |=~~ 6/23/17 Friday 9:13 AMA friend of mine was thinking about buying this game since it's on sale and so I thought I would try this game out again, will update my review again once I check out whats been happening with this game. I haven't played since before workshop support was a thing for this game so hopefully cool things have been added but ya never know I guess."
,Recommended,393420,20450552,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Razey,"Just over 150 hours in and I think it's safe for me to say this game is very much recommended. The devs have focused on what's important first and that is core game mechanics and stability - The game runs at 60+ FPS without too much effort. Very impressive considering its an early access game. Sure it has glitches and bugs but the devs seem active enough. Once you have all the best gear, there isn't much else to do, however there are new content on the way. Very promising game."
76561198186627119,Not Recommended,393420,32552296,Posted: 18 June,all,rinzler1926,wont work dead game
76561198200882007,Recommended,393420,28618113,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Trendy,"Great game if your looking for a good time with all your friends,I bought this when it first came out and I've had a lot of good times on this game. I recommend this game to everyone who loves a good fun survival game."
76561198039394097,Recommended,393420,33918466,Posted: 30 July,all,Nitro,"No, its not dead, it has updates every single week. How can there be so many reviews saying its dead? If funerals were designed like this games negative reviews, we would be forcing screaming people into coffins and nailing the doors shut as they begged to be let out, then burying them alive.its not dead, people.Expanded review since i keep getting comments on this one. ""HURR YOU DONT CALL IT DEAD TOO?! HAVE ANGRY NECKBEARD COMMENTS""EA games are not released into EA to have giant communities that play it daily. Its meant to test and coordinate with testers, its a pre-ordered game that you can toy with. No one pre orders a game a year in advance then complains when no ones playing it UNLESS its a steam EA game which gives them the BENEFIT and RESPONSIBILITY to test it during the dev phase.Rust started out with a small community and plenty of awful reviews, its dead, its not good as legacy rust, theres nothing to do. Hell, in Rust the animals are still broken, The crafting system is still changing on a monthly basis, but it never DIED because the devs never gave up on it. This game similarely has devoted devs that are still letting out updates every week (Go look at their devblogs, they are adding stuff often),People dont play EA games 24/7 very often, many like me see potential and buy then wait for it to come out, testing occasionally along the way. That does not mean the game is dead.Go look at the news feed, at the devblog and tell me if its dead. If you want to buy a game and play the crap out of it with a giant community and no issues or hackers, then STOP BUYING EA GAMES. No, i dont recommend you buy this one yet unless you have access to a private server and friends, its not done. But its still one to keep your eyes on and watch because its simply not dead. (In fact, seeing as its still in fricken development, its not even had a chance to live yet)Should you buy this game now? No, not if you arent willing to be a TESTER, rather than a gamer.  Wait on it, watch it. Hurtworld is a victim of its own early success, people scooped this up when it came out because it came out at a time when rust was in a bad place and people bought it en masse without any knowledge of what it offered or just how EARLY in development was. They saw Rust with cars and bought it extremely early. I advise against buying it right now, really and truly. Be a smart shopper and watch it, read some devblogs.Games without devoted streamers have a much harder time keeping people informed and into the game than games that do have devoted streamers, and hurtworld has neither streamers NOR a wiki that is up to date. If you read this and do own and love hurtworld, consider streaming or at the least going to the wiki and updating the damn thing, it hasnt been touched in a year or so and when people want to see whats new in a game, very often they go to the wiki first and look around, if they see no changes to the wiki, they assume no changes to the game."
,Recommended,393420,20292018,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Momo-Chan,been waiting for this game since alpha (i didnt get any alpha key y u do dis devs?) .........after 64hrs i would pretty much recommend it to any gamer who loves survival games and it has so much potential!!!! See you in DIEMENSLAND
,Recommended,393420,20108085,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,♥ PeaKon ♥,"I Bought this game becuase A lot of the reviews said it was "" rust 2.0""I would say it lived up to that. 10/10"
76561198120243122,Not Recommended,393420,33434959,Posted: 10 July,all,D.O.G.,"Very NEGATIVE all because of uncontrolled HACKERS and EXPLOIT abusers.If you will make mistake of purchasing this game, you will start as honest player, you will spend 1-3 days just to collect resources and build well protected base, where you will store you loot - it's a HARD and DANGEROUS WORK, as you sometimes will be chased, killed and robbed - everyone is your enemy in this game.But after these 3 day, then you just think you are SAVE and SOUND, owner of PRETTY MUCH PROTECTED BASE, you will encounter a HACKER, who will see and shoot you through WALLS with wallhacks, he could also see your chests and lockers stuff behind the walls and he can track you on all the MAP with player TAGGING - no way you can hide from him.  So after all your struggles that HACKER (or should we call CHEATER) will find your base interesting, he knows exactly where your TOTEM is, as he can SEE THROUGH WALLS, and he needs only 1 or 2 C4 charges to get to your TOTEM and rob you blind! If you will try to defend, he will kill you, as he can shoot through walls too, then you not even see him! So anyway, after all your FAIR PLAYTIME you will get ROBBED by a HACKER/CHEATER and all you will get is a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT for LOST time, and don't you think the hacker will get banned, admins usually not ban them or just can't ban them, and Hurtoworld developers don't hurry to FIX these HACKS, as these HACKS still exists on OFFICIAL  Hurtworld VAC protected servers TODAY - 2017-07-10!Don't buy this game if you don't like to play with hackers and other scum. AVOID at all costs!"
76561198041981641,Not Recommended,393420,33054973,Posted: 30 June,all,Scionzenos,"Was fun at first but still falls short of Rust. If you want a game like this, buy rust instead. Lack of updates leaves this game in the dust to the competition."
76561198052717461,Recommended,393420,19698715,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Act of Arthas,Australian hipster simulator 2015. Keep doing what you're doing.
,Recommended,393420,28280438,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,PARG☭,"Honesly this game deserves a lot more players than it has and heres why.Hurtworld as you probably know is a hardcore survival game. It has game mechanics like no other and uniqiue items. You can drive Cars and other things. It's similar to Rust but with cars or at least thats how I like to describe it.As I said in the beggining sentence, Hurtworld NEEDS a bigger playerbase. So I would recommened it. I love playing It and it is even better with friends (so make your friends buy it too ;)).Tips: Shotgun Is really OP and they need to nerf it.Another Tip: If you rage really easy I would suggest not playing this game or any other hardcore survival gameAnother Tip: If your car gets flipped right click with a spear to move it.Another Tip: If you are new and joining a server I would suggest Aztec it is on the offical page, has a large player base admins are very helpful and funny AND they give you a kit starter. There are also every helpful mods on there that are not OP and make the game more enjoyable"
76561198254748488,Not Recommended,393420,31771801,Posted: 15 May,all,ResignedBogan,the game is dead sadly there are no aussie severs anymore was a good game
,Not Recommended,393420,30680963,Posted: 22 March,all,=BBUK= Byrddawg,"I really wanted to like this game, but there are some stuff that needs to be addressed.The concept is lovely, though from my view, the controls were stupid, completely. Everytime I got close to certain animals they would attack, at random, which oddly, none of these looked like aggressive NPC's.NPC pathing isn't the smartest. UI needs work.I can keep going, but honestly, this game isn't worth it at it's current state. Perhaps with change it will be but till then, it's a survival clone of many survival games."
,Recommended,393420,21255462,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Hooniganz99,"I haven't played much of this game, but i can already tell this game is going to get more and more awesome with every update. The current build of the game is 0.3.3.3 so nowhere near completion but there is SO MUCH CONTENT for only 1.1GB! There is a full crafting system, a full building system, wildlife, ores and more! The game can be played solo, but playing with friends makes it so much more fun (like basically every other game with coop or MP). I haven't regret spending my money on this game one bit and i'm eager to see what's coming in the next updates!Upvoted :)"
76561198100270820,Recommended,393420,25885817,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nadmash,"I love this game, I've spent a fair bit of time playing it. The reason I stopped was the lack of content in the end. There is plenty to do for many hours and yes I know it's early access but eventually we need more to keep us entertained. The devs bring out news about new content now and then and it is implimented occasionally, but just not enough to keep consistant interest at this moment in time.I don't think I see that as a negative point as previously stated, it's still in early access and I've spent many hours enjoying the game and will happily go back to it when the time is right."
76561198039435533,Recommended,393420,19521329,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,(P.S.S.G) Nikolai Zasteski,Bought GameBuilt small outpostMet Friendly manBecame best friend 4 lyfesaw neighborsorgy with neighborsRoasted 4 year old alive over firepit while praising hotdog godhad an orgy afterwordsneighbors became best friend 4 lyfe10/10contains orgies..
,Recommended,393420,20576831,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Rewdalf,Hurtworld: The only game where you must kite a rock.
,Recommended,393420,21592998,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Haverr | Skinodds.com,"i will write a complex review so try to stay with me:hurtworld is ♥♥♥♥ing amazinghurtworld has some good guys, and cancer guys also. (not like in rust where everybody is born to be toxic)when we raid, or stole a car from a guy me and my friend is shaking as ♥♥♥♥ and tries to get home so quick but the engine is  loud and they hear it oh no.. :D its ♥♥♥♥ing adrelaninbtw its not hurts so much. its very good. 420/420"
76561198010518975,Recommended,393420,20513385,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Cheezsesh,Pros:- Lost of content for an alpha stage game.- Very well optimized.- Friendly community.- Game looks great.- Very polished crafting system.- Very easy and snappy building system.- Easy to hop in with friends.- Responsive developpement crew.Cons:- Servers are sometimes laggy and are often wiped.- There is a few bugs.- Game as a relatively low player population.- Similar to other survival games out there that are less expensive.
,Recommended,393420,22133899,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dorality,its a'ight
,Recommended,393420,21271999,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,A Sassy Turtle,"This game maybe in Alpha but its well worth the $25, its like Rust (if you have heard of it) the only difference is the graphics and the items within the game. Same concept but more Australian in my eyes. Can't waint for more updates to come! c:"
,Recommended,393420,20413963,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Diggler,I think Hurtworld has a bright future.The game runs great and its one of the only survial sims that when I hit something it dies.And when it hits me I get hurt and both of those things happen at the same time with no lag or funny animations.Its like Classic Rust which is great I think people want this game.When more content is released it will be defintily worth it.But for some of you dudes you may want to hold off.
,Recommended,393420,34722385,Posted: 3 September,all,Mogga,"Solid freaking game , it might not be better than rust but it defienetly keeps up , play this game if your pc can't handle Rust"
,Recommended,393420,19707313,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,CalmRice,"Hurtworld is a cool new game where your objective is to survive in unforgiving environments. Seriously unforgiving.At the moment the game is in alpha, and yet I haven't encountered any bugs, which is very uncommon for an alpha game. Also, the interface for this game is great. It's easy to navigate making crafting and all of those things enjoyable.So far my only problem has been the lag, and no, it's not my internet's fault. It's quite common to see in the chat something like ""this lag though"" or ""anyone else lagging?"" which is quite frustrating, but I guess it's acceptable for an alpha game.Also, if you're a casual gamer going into this game expecting a nice, lovely, calm, and relaxing game then you are probably not going to have a great time. As the game description states itself, ""Hurtworld is a hardcore multiplayer survival FPS with a focus on deep survival progression that doesn't become trivial once you establish some basic needs. Built for hardcore gamers, Hurtworld aims to punish.""So far I believe there are 4 biomes to explore, and every server is set on the same small map. Servers have a player limit of 50, and when 50 players are all running around in the same small map you will come across a few lone individuals or groups of people fairly often.From my experience so far, hunger has been the main problem. And when you're starting out, it can be a real pain killing animals for food. Alongside this, temperature is also a very big problem when starting out. Although, I got slightly bothered when I did from hypothermia in the middle of the day. In a desert.like seriously wtfThat's really all I have to say about the game so far, I'm sure there are many better reviews than my own out there so go check those out, as they probably do a hell of a lot better at explaining things than I did. But overall, in the game's current stage, I'm probably going to give it an 8/10, which is pretty darn good for a game that was released 11 days ago as an alpha."
,Recommended,393420,19496887,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dqddi,You can have buttsex with other mans. 10/10Buy rust.
,Recommended,393420,19968567,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,awsome game but official servers capacity is realy low ( only 50 players )
,Recommended,393420,20545039,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,#`GHo$T .. !™,"There is no emotion, there is peace.There is no ignorance, there is knowledge.There is no passion, there is serenity.There is no chaos, there is harmony.There is no death. There is the force.﻿"
,Not Recommended,393420,33178969,Posted: 3 July,all,RadicalGlitch_Cx,Cancerous community i refunded the gme
,Recommended,393420,19723372,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ALEXCRAZY8,"You Can Launch Cars into the Sky10/10Positive:-well Optimized for a EA Game i get 60+ Constant FPS-So many things to do! (Cars,Base,PVP,Exploring and more...)-Very Smooth PVP, Really has a Rust Legacy PVP Feel to It-The Cartoonish Graphics Really Work With this Game-The infamy system Really does work... Sorta ive met many players and only 2 people of like 10 Players decided to try kill me :D-Its not Easy/it Doesnt take like 3 hrs to unlock everything-The PVE is acctually difficult to combat in the first few daysNegative:-Hackers... in 3hrs of play ive found 2 hackers-The Game does not support some types of 3rd party microphone programs like Razer Synapse ...(it gives me console errors when i try to use in-game voice)FIXED***"
,Recommended,393420,19485707,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lowrater,"Hurtworld is a fantastic living and atmospheric survival game, that brings joy to the players eyes and painful survival to demo 'Man vs Wild' ingame.Hurtworld will truely hurt your feelings while running in the living hurtworld world, while hunting for goods too throw at other players in hope for survival. Not only does Hurtworld offer a unique design, but also a more friendly and relaxing teamplay while interacting with other players. Yet that spears flying around your head, you might look out for the dangerous animals hunting you or those whos running away from you, while you are crying with dust of tears, in hope to give the belly some love. Talking about love, you have plenty of options to craft clothes, weapons and tools, if not speaking of cars to drive other people down.The game it self has a large scale of resolution support, which makes many gamers happy. The graphics is more than stunning and enjoyable, for this unique release. Yet talking about performance, Hurtworld truely offers a 'smooth' experience, while not such of 'crash' appears. The creators of hurtworld has truely taking the survival players and steam with storm, of this nearly perfect release.If you got a true survivalist in your stomach and can ignore fear, this game might bring alot of love and pain, than your ever experienced before.Here is a demo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GP7W5iLZFms"
,Recommended,393420,19669517,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,AlexStutters Howl.gg,Rust just got ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥...
,Recommended,393420,20501719,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Skyfall,Australian Rust.... Enough said
,Recommended,393420,21953352,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,s,"1 second your guy is screaming ""i'm cold""and then you craft a campfire, about 5 seconds later he has heatstroke10/10 would get heatstroke again"
,Recommended,393420,20500308,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,justparanoid72,"bought this less than a week ago...played almost 50 hours already....still feel like i could play it for a loooooooong time and not get bored. Highly recommend this game to anyone who likes or think they would like a survival shooter. building is easy(though i do wish you get atleast some matts back when you screw up) pvp is not clucky at all, very smoothe actually. and the game is very beautiful. i love the graphics... also this is the first game i have ever felt that i had to write a review for. love it love it love it. totally worth the money"
,Recommended,393420,20315652,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sculptor,"[WIP] The review will change with content updates.Reviewed patch: December 26, 2015 - Patch 0.3.2.5GameplayThe premise of the game is quite simple: survive and build. The game does implement both of them quite well. You are surviving from both human players and the environment. While you can probably live with a campfire and hunt animals for food, you won't be able to survive for long against human players. For that you need to build houses. How grand and elaborate the buildings are is entirely up to you. You can make a small shack with a few necessesary items in it or a sprawling multi-storey mansion with a garage or even a fortress. It's limited by your imagination.EnvironmentThe game map is quite large and they might add more to it in the future. The map is made up of six different biomes, five of them are habitable and one is a radiation zone. Each biome works differently depending on the type of biome it is. If you go to the dunes without sun screen and light clothing, you will get heatstroke and die before long unless you find shelter. Similarly if you go to the snow biome without winter wear and food, you will die of hypothermia or hunger. The game's environment plays a big role in the type of gear you need with you at any time.I have probably spent most of my game time on the snow biome so I will comment on my personal experiences there. First of all it's absulutely beautiful. There is something about getting on a snow covered hill and looking at the horizon to see white covered trees, plains and mountains and the moon shining brightly from the sky, not an animal or human in sight. It's erily quite and peaceful, and lonely (if you are alone). That's what snow biome offers, isolation. You will not get many animals to hunt for food, and unless appropriately clothed, you will start to catch cold. You need to make a fire to stay warm. If it starts to rain, even proper clothing won't help you, you need to make a shelter. Add the fact that high level ores which are used for pretty much everything, are scattered around randomely and they are radioactive or poisonous (depending on the ore). It is very tough to survive without proper preparation as it should be. The game's environment is deadly and with preparation, manageable but to the unprepared it can end in an untimely demise.EnemiesThe game has small variety of creatures. Most drop meat which is the best food you can get right now and the rest are a bit more tougher and give more exotic materials when killed. The bigger enemy are the other players. The game has a partial loot system. Which means, unless you are infamous (bounty system for killing players), you will keep your worn items and tools but drop all resources so you are not back to square one if you die. You can find players who will try to kill you for your resources and players who will give you some food and send you on your way and even players who might ask you if you want to join them. Playing with other people increases the survivability and makes the game more fun, but it is definately playable alone.And if you don't fancy pitting it against other players, there are PVE servers where players are forbidden from killing other players. Those servers are recommended if you are new to survible games or just starting out as a new player.ReplayabilityIf you like building things, you can easily spend 100+ hours in the game just collecting resources and making buildings without restriction. You are only limited by the space where you build (unless you chose to go vertical) and your imagination.The game is lacking in content in terms of craftable items though. It's quite easy to make all the items you need within a few days. To keep playing you can spend the rest of the your days building, exploring, killing other players, looking for car parts etc..Final thoughtsRight now the game is very playable in terms of smoothness. There is an issue with nvidia and a bug with the game engine but there is a simple fix  and there are guides on the hub to fix it. What the game lacks right now is content. The game lacks enemy varieties and craftable items. The developers took a small break during the winter holidays and hopefully they are back to creating new content for us. As the game stands today, you can definately get your moneys worth in game time already from the amount of conent you can experience right now.If you are a fan of building things or survival genre, this game is highly recommended. And if you are new to the survival genre, this is not a bad place to start. There are no zombies in this game, but unlike many popular zombie survivale games, the environment can be just as deadly as humans in this game."
,Recommended,393420,19474614,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Skritla,"This games animations are on point. They could work on some things(freexing to death and hunger), But overall this game is great. 8/10"
76561198213623304,Recommended,393420,21648601,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Brobarian,"You start off like the day you came into this world. Cold, Wet, Hungry and naked 10/10"
,Recommended,393420,28215976,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Crocubot,"First off, I wanna say this game is still in early access so take what you can of it. When this game came out I honestly had no clue about it because it wasn't really popular. However, I bought it to see what the hub bub was about. (Bought on sale btw) When you first log onto a server surviving is a little on the down side, but once you get going it's not so bad. This game also lives up to its name ""Hurtworld"" because people will gun you down the second they see what looks like a player. This game has lots and I mean LOTS of potential, and The Devs are doing pretty decent at keeping up with updates.I say to you, maybe wait a little bit on this. If you catch it on sale though, grab that ♥♥♥♥er boi.."
76561198059305057,Recommended,393420,19739010,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,LiKeBuTTeR9,"This game reminds me of Legacy Rust with a much larger world and mad max cars. I have over 50 hours in the game already. I've also seen huge growth on my Twitch stream because of how many people are enjoying it. If you are a fan of open world sandbox games such as Minecraft, H1Z1, DayZ, Rust, Ark, Unturned etc. Then Hurtworld is definetely the game for you. I highly recommend it. Even though this game is ea, you still can't help to feel that you get a full game experience.All I ask is that the developers stay passionate about it and keep grinding. Use the money made in ea to evolve the size of the team. I can see this game getting as popular as minecraft if content keeps getting added. Thank you Bankroll for such a amazing game."
,Recommended,393420,29367454,Posted: 19 January,all,SkinnyLongJohns,If you like easy going survivals this game is for you. It has the survival factor (hypothermia etc.) as well as pvp.
,Recommended,393420,19479950,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,(SaS)Olivertwist,Shh lets not mention it to the people playing rust or h1z1 or any survival game.lets just keep it for ourselfs.
76561198119868804,Recommended,393420,19925312,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Hokage,"Rating: [6/10]Pros:- Its Fun (Find new friends, form your own group, defend with your group)- Its Funny- The Graphic is simple and nice- Very realistic (its like your own self stranded in a weird place without anything)- Easy to addapt (simple command)- Simple- Chances of meeting good peace player (some will also spare you something)- Get to choose from FPS or TPS (F2 button)- Gameplay consider Smooth (Wont be as lag as delayed as ARK)Cons:- Very realistic (easily get hungry, get cold, and for surviving everyone is dangerous, must be cautious)- Map is too simple (nothing much in the map, just what you need to craft items and some trees)- Map is easily get lost (each part of the map is most likely look all the same)- Hard to look for friends (without a minimap, its hard to know which point to meet your friends)- Unable to add friends- DC problem is possible sometimes (not very often)- Easily get lost (the map is almost the same, easily get lost)- Save game is lost (one day i start the game, everything i had: house,clothes,materials and    everything in the previous saved game is lost. its like starting all over again. )Conclusion:Unlike other early-acess games that are fully retart, you will still get some fun in Hurtworld, meeting new friends, creating your own group, protect each other, build your group shelter, etc. Hurtworld is a very realistic game that its like you're living in it, and learning how to survive each day. My brother and i love the game from the very begining, so i would definitely recommend any new comers to play Hurtworld. Hope my advices and reviews helps.Personal Advice for new Hurtworld friends that are joining the game:- In the beginning, collect as much wood and stone as possible, (at least 22 woods 11 stones)in the night will get cold and if you're unable to build a campfire you will freeze to death."
,Recommended,393420,20653327,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,UNDEAD,"A very addicting game. Spend alot of time getting resoureces, but is very balaced and you can waste time with friends. This game will probaly be very great if the devs work hard on it."
,Recommended,393420,19712949,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,▿▿▿,This game is amazing!Do not wait just buy it and try it.Its pritty much like Rust (structure and idea) + 7 days to die (mechanics)Its verry fun right now !9/10
,Recommended,393420,23847696,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,King Aria,"I normally HATE how many games nowadays are emulating survival games like Rust and so on. The funny part is, I love this game. I don't know if it's the simplistic nature of it but this is a great game to play with friends. It's an awful experience solo, though. You will get raided (having your doors blasted by C4 and people stealing your stuff). You will get ganked (killed for no apparent reason).If you can get past the fact that the majority of players are the ages of 12-17 then you will find a great experience to be had.A great story is that I once infiltrated an enemy base, gained their trust and moved all their items to an undisclosed location once I was high up in the ranks. At the time, I was playing solo but had I played with friends, our group could've been the most powerful in the server.Is it worth a buy? Yes, if you have friends. No, if you don't."
,Not Recommended,393420,33160264,Posted: 2 July,all,T H E   J U K E B O X   9 6 . 1,"It's alright...gets very boring after a while and has poor performance, while the game has tons of content and a workshop I would'nt recomend purchasing this..."
76561198237254008,Recommended,393420,20477136,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Tsai-Nami,"its not a bad game but it would be better if there was an option to customise your character to a girl or boy, different skin tones and hair but over all this game is a 8/10 for my liking"
,Recommended,393420,20506376,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Borko,Trust no one simulator.
,Recommended,393420,20889619,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Rare,It's a wonderful game if you are into sandbox survival games.
,Recommended,393420,25533671,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,.AiZeK,"Great game, lots of fun but needs more content."
,Recommended,393420,20402286,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Oleg,I PUT THE HURT IN HURTWORLD
,Recommended,393420,24662809,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Casino Farmskins.com,"This game is quite interesting in many ways, it gives off quite a simplistic vibe at start, you pick up materials to make basic tools and use those tools to gather even more and rare material to upgrade your gear. the game can be improved quite a bit such as its fall damage bug that some times means falling a pixel can get you killed but it isnt that common, all though the game is still quite broken if you look at the very fine details, the bigger picture is quite beautiful, its the type of game you could play for quite some time and keep interest in, but it also gets boring once you get to end game and rule the server. this game is still in early access meaning it still has quite some way to go before its actual full release. if a friend of mine asked me if the $27.99 CAN is worth it id say defiantly. the game is interesting and i love everything about it. this game simply doesnt get the attention it deserves."
,Recommended,393420,28589821,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MnMMaster14,"This game is amazing. For only being in early access I have still had hours and hours of fun. It is a survival game at its finest.Also vehucles are sooooo fun to drive. If u want a multiplayer survival, building, pvping, hunting, gathering, raiding experience definetly get hurtworld."
,Recommended,393420,20905589,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,chicken csgoroll.com,Love this game. Heres how it went1. Built an awesome house and had guns and gear in a few days2. the next week i had made an alliance and they wanted to see my house3. i said no and they killed me and stole my car4. I said fine if u bring my car5. he said fine and brought it6. i showed him my house and he killed me inside11/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed over again
,Recommended,393420,20350268,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Asyrex2k,"Alright, alright so I'm gonna tell you a little secret here. How to make a better game than Hurtworld:Step no.1: You can't.Step no.2: You still can't.Step no.3: Stop trying... you just can't.Seriously.. this game is freakin amazing. I was a huge fan of rust legacy and when that game got changed.. I stopped playing survival games. But then, while browsing steam.. I found this amazing game. It might not have so much content yet... It might still have glitches... bugs.... But man... For a game that was oficially released about 1 month ago... I'd say.. That these devs are doing an amazing job. I haven't encountered any problem with hackers yet, altho some servers kinda restart when you dont expect.. but thats not a problem cause it usually takes only 5 mins max to fully restart.So, good graphics, good gameplay, lots of fun... I'd say this game could easily be the best survival game. At first its a bit hard... You might just get spawn killed for 2 hours (Wich i totally didnt pffff). But then.. once you get a 1x1 base its getting pretty easy. Go out, gather resources, kill animals, and keep upgrading your base. Then go in search for some friends (always have a shotgun with you... you never know), go in rad towns, loot, get a car, start a war with a group of players and lose everything... To be honest.. it doesnt matter if you win or lose... in this game.. you will always have fun if you respect some rules:Rule no.1:""I am friendly"" is almost always a lie.Rule no.2:Always have a gun with you.And rule no.3:Hunt or be hunted:)Just one last tip:BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,393420,31549042,Posted: 4 May,all,owensox1,I got this game only a few days ago and I love it its such an amazing experience and just so much fun to play it offers so much especially for a early access game I recommend it 2 any1 tDefinitely worth 25 dollars
76561198201607026,Recommended,393420,20477074,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr.Hako,-go in the game-see someone-i start screaming to him saying hi how are you (rip mic)-start to lag-after lag is fixed see my body on the floor-the guy has killed me-respawn-get run over-moral of the day dont play this game with♥♥♥♥♥♥internet-11/10 would get killed again-or maybe kill meh(another thing i like about it is that there is no weight limit and also there is no lvling up which then resets after you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥die like ark so its pretty fun)
76561198110446698,Recommended,393420,20851183,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Uzeless,"of all the survival games it has the best pvp, 10/10 would play againhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3sE90Y-EFw."
,Recommended,393420,20568455,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Zinxy,This game is pretty good just some stuff needs refining and maybe adding some new items but since the game is still in early access it's pretty good. the developers keep updating it so i mean theres some wipes need to be done but it's good and playable 8/10
76561198077858748,Recommended,393420,20732652,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,soupynate,"Last night someone blasted open my garage with C4 and stole my 4-wheeler.... it was such a nice neighborhood when I moved in...Much love for Uprising Server.... yes, even for that Brazillian kid who spawns in my wall and talks to me..."
,Recommended,393420,20745585,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,KEVSEA✌,"I bought it and within 7 hours I had 6.6 of them logged on this game. Now it's 5:48 in the morning, and playing for a ""couple hours"" led to me cancelling a doctor's appointment so I can get some sleep.It's kind of a blend of games, with Rust being the most obvious influence. Something about this reminds me of The Long Dark. Thusfar I've experienced zero major bugs, the UI is simple and intuitive, and the controls are familiar and easy to pick up on.I look forward to waking up sometime after noon and doing some more oddly satisfying resource grinding."
76561198067627208,Recommended,393420,19542424,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NightKnight,"Coming from rust, reign of kings, h1z1 and fps shooters, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. It rocked my socks off first day at launch, didnt have any crashes or problems. ive spent 10 hours dipping my toes in pvp, a bit of exploration and base building. tomorrow i begin balls deep. 10/10 cant wait for future updates."
76561198145417705,Recommended,393420,21981961,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Axial,"Good Early Access Game, needs a fair amount of work still but enjoyed all the time i have spent playing."
,Recommended,393420,20498773,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,weapon.entity_LION,"New players looking for a complrehensive tutorial on how to get started in Hurtwold should find this video extremely helpful:https://youtu.be/LCwC3MQfz-UIt was made by a good friend of mine, and he deserves some credit for his hard work. Let me know what you think!As far as my opinion on the game goes, it is definitely worth the money! It's still in a very early developmental stage so some things are quirky, or downright broken, but this is to be expected! If you a challenging survival title with tons of potential and low graphical requirements, then you should be pleased with Hurtworld. This game is like a blend of The Long Dark and Rust Legacy. 10/10 already, but still needs work (which is why it's Early Access)"
,Recommended,393420,20539528,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,"First of all, I spawned in the game and I get instantly killed, I dont Care For 5 times after 5 times its getting silly, And at some servers you keep spawning on the same spot (This has been fixed (not sure))But That doesn't matter, I like the game very muchthe only thing is if you begin you need luck!top 5 reasons why you need luck:1. If you spawn you need luck to start at a morning2. You have to spawn on a safe location, no people that shoot you or chop you3. You need luck to find enough materials in less than 15 minutes4. You need luck to get atleast 2/3 Ambers before you can build a house5. You need luck to like this game (In my case I like it)Thank you for reading this bad english talking man :)"
,Recommended,393420,21042322,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TheLeeGuy,"A very fun early access game to play. Dev's keep adding new content and working out the kinks. Community friendliness is hit or miss, compared to other survivals where everyone is out to get each other. Highly recommend."
76561198256835004,Not Recommended,393420,33408301,Posted: 9 July,all,fazza211,"this game is way too exspensive for a waste, there needs to be singleplayer or you might as well not play as you cant make any progress without people raiding you."
,Recommended,393420,19536413,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mortem,Well.. This is allot like rust.. But i like it for some reason.. It's very simple.. Most things are layed out for you from the start..And the awesome MAD MAX cars!!..Combat feels pretty fluid.. but only been in one spear fight.. The wild life reacts to you.. Some attack.. Some run away.. basic stuff..It's nothing super special.. And I can't say theres enough content to support the current price.. specialy as what they show of most are the cars which takes quite some time to farm alone.I presum as most games with a group this is a better game.. But I like it..
76561198270969160,Recommended,393420,20637315,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,justinoooo14,This game is a great survival game.
,Recommended,393420,20800910,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jafin365,awesome game 10/10
,Recommended,393420,20885235,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Flehzy,"i got a base going with a blast furnace and half of a rv, sooner or later some guys come aroundand woopde doo, they seem cool, so i let them inside. my mistake they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and torture me and stole everything. 10/10 would get banged again."
,Recommended,393420,19757062,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Stabidy,Pro-Overall one of the best games i have played its truely a great game.Con- not enough server's so people that own the game cant play alot of the time
76561198060100079,Recommended,393420,20630186,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Primrose,Its a fun game
76561198166515952,Recommended,393420,19605022,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Southside Cock Smuggler,"Overall i found this game to be great! (With about an hour of gametime so far). But there is one problem... If you do not have at least one other person playing by your side you will have a very low chance of surviving. Its very difficult getting food, clothes, and a fire, in about 10mins. I have not found anyone to play with yet but hopefully i do soon! Overall this game is amazing and defiantly in my top 3 survival games"
,Recommended,393420,20513248,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Manners,Rust Legacy
,Not Recommended,393420,22802627,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Infinitynull,Refund simulator.
,Recommended,393420,19914350,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Beo_VR6R,Absolutely Amazing.
,Recommended,393420,20125373,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TrickyCoco,"Went into server, got hypothermia, respawned, found some people with spears, sat down on the ground in surrender position, got stabbed. 11/10 would get stabbed again."
76561198163319693,Recommended,393420,20614251,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Zetami,A great game to show off how bad you are at combat.
76561198162273489,Recommended,393420,20591632,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Chraz,This is a great game. Many different servers from community modded and official. The DEVS are great and fix bugs quickly and effectively. The latest update added some much needed balance to the game and content. I would certainly recommend this game to anyone who wanted a challenging SURVIVAL game not just a pvp arena! This game is everything that other survival games are missing.
,Recommended,393420,20307757,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,taiko!,"Haven't played a lot of it, but I can already tell this game is very promising. Reminds me of the good old days of Legacy Rust. (I know everyone probably makes that comparison, but it's a wonderful feeling.)"
,Recommended,393420,21674259,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dr.Fannibal The Red Cannibal,This game is awesome. I highly recommend! :DEdit: The only problem I encountered is that there is no singleplayer.
,Recommended,393420,20865213,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tessa Brooks,"This game has become one of my favorite games in my library. I would highly recommend bringing friends with you on this adventure because many other people are in groups that will not hesitate to kill you. If you'd like to see a little bit of gameplay to get the feel of it, I have a series started on my youtube channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVW4uB7Bi8073IUBULpfA2Q"
76561198133027538,Recommended,393420,21742836,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,COBRUH,the loot has a♥♥♥♥♥♥on the box. im still not sure why... can i get a story mode from the dev's to tell us why?!?!?  and then ill change to 10/10 But without  8/10
76561198038215290,Recommended,393420,21599314,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MULISHA,"good game, spent lots of time playing, its addictive.has come a long way in a few monthsprobably needs a bit more.but thats progress so far i guess.one small snag tho, with the Ownership stakes, they need some work in fixing the bugs/glitching.im getting on game and finding buildings that look like they've been raided, broken walls, ceilings and what not."
,Recommended,393420,20181417,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Malony Plays YT,i highly recomend this game is 10/10 but you are paying for early access so do expect bugs and all that sort of stuff. this gmae truly has potential.
,Recommended,393420,20438084,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,UN BŒUF,"Spawned, some guys were talking russian, some others chinese, got killed by a  guy with a shotgun while running naked for my life. Then they teabagged my corpse. 8/8 would r8 again"
,Recommended,393420,19867303,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sock Tan,This game is soooo fun and adictivei recommend anyone to buy this game
76561198179816941,Recommended,393420,19815105,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,NM,"i like the game, but theres something that i hate. If you are in the game and go to the desktop you have a 99.9% of the game crashing so you have to start it again thats the only bad thing about it"
76561198018807871,Recommended,393420,19805808,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Lion Pea,"This game picked up where Rust left off. Hurtworld does what Rust, and their team of second rate programmers couldn’t do in three years of development: produce a refined survival game with almost zero hackers.With dedicated developers, native server side validation to prevent hackers, and excellent PvP, this is a top notch game destine to dethrone Rust as the top survival game. Whether you are deciding between this and Rust, or searching for a survival game, Hurtworld is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,393420,29363010,Posted: 19 January,all,That Guy,Amazing game. Kinda challenging to get into hut once you do it is an amazing time. I recommend starting on a boosted community server to get the hang of the game but once you know what you are doing get into an official server and try it out. The pvp is amazing although they could do a little tweaking in the driving mechanics. Anyway i highly recommend this prospering game that easily has the feasibility to become more popular if not better than rust and its counterparts.
,Recommended,393420,25288449,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Stones™ Beatbox,"I have to give hurtworld a 7/10 the features which are in the game such as crafting, vehicles, clothing weapons work fine and I'm sure everyone will agree, the only real problem that i see is the weather, it's just a complete joke, i was running threw the desert ( during the middle of the day ) and i started to get cold whilst wearing a grey winter jacket.So.- Everything else is good- Weather is badI'm going to recommend this game but i dobut anyone without pactience is going to play this."
76561198071844185,Recommended,393420,20655653,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,c-merf,"Dont play unless you are into hardcore survival.I mean the nastiest, backstabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s from Rust would get eaten alive in Hurtworld.Prepare to lose everything over and over again.This is a place where the scum of the earth come to play videogames.And the scum win, they have the best guns, they have the best everything, and you will have nothing and like it.You are farmers of material for these scum.10/10  Would farm for scum again."
,Recommended,393420,21005266,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[PB] BattleHawk society.gg,It's okay. Nothing too special.
,Recommended,393420,19740693,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,D-Dub,"Mad props to developers with the launch of this fun game!It's got a simplistic design to it that does pack it's pro's and con's.. I don't shop around for too many games, but just like a lot of Alpha games that interest me, I think this one is going to stick.If you are just picking this game up, expect it to be a grind in the beginning. Might be a little frustrating starting off but once you stick a good spawn/run you'll fall in love with the game over time.The nice feature is that though it is a survival, it still allows you the opportunity for progression. You create tools which stay with you through death so you can start back off semi-comfortably, with the ability to spawn in your base toward mid to late game.I love how killing other players carries the burden of potentially losing your items within a certain cooldown point, but I don't think that eliminates a good purge/bloodshed to seasoned players who have gained access to built storage units and bases. This can be tough for people who are just starting out as you do shed somewhat hard to come by resources if you're doing your best to throw together progression.I think that the game could use a little TLC on building functions as some have exploited ways of securing plots of land with very little expenses, this could be a burden if you can't secure an area because of a floating platform above your head.PRO:-Gentle on graphics (though some might struggle with rain, though turning off luxury settings such as bloom/motion blur might fix this)-keeping crucial items such as tools/weapons/bags/clothing-The construction feature/menu is user-friendly allowing the not so talent to create beautiful structures-More relying on hunting and less on scavanging for food-Life necessities are tolerable (not having to deal with sore feet, bum knee, bad back, thirst)-health UI is easy to read/manageCON:-Requirements of certain items can definitely be a grind-No unarmed melee which leaves you defenseless when you are just starting out-Just not enough resource spawns (maybe it is just me and it's reaching all out for hardcore survival, but in the end itisa game-No Free-Look ability (this is huge for some as this is a feature contained in many games, not having it is definitely a step back)-Nothing to benefit a moveable/reusable fire source for your average Nomad.In the end you can see some of the CON's are luxury which might be brought in at a later time, I am content with where the game is right now.. It only goes to show through continued development and support, the sky is the limit.I think I'm going to stick with this and see where it goes.Please... For the love of God, add Free-Look."
,Recommended,393420,20854880,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Nudey,goood
76561198087108728,Recommended,393420,19479382,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Dagger Dick,Would Recommend this game to anyone and everyone :D Also developers are the most helpful people ever. they helped us out loads
,Recommended,393420,26338665,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Im Disappointed,Day 1 of wipe:Has school and only 30 minutes to play.Spends 25 minutes farming.Spends 5 minutes building.Logs off.Day 2:Raided but i have all my stuff on me.Teams up with someone and builds a base.Day 3: Builds 2 giant walls around base.Day 4:Goes to fortess.Finds guy fully geared with ar.See his nametag : its the guy who raided me.I run off.Turn around and I cant see him.Take wild shot through a bush and get headshot hitmarker.Guy is dead and he dropped all his stuff and car parts. (On purge server)Plays rest of the time before the wipe getting insane headshots with bows.11/10 Would get an insane headshot at a guy through a bush again.
,Recommended,393420,19531990,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"Hurtworld is a pretty MMO that is very DEEP in Early Access.Incase your in a hurry, TLDR:It's a fun game, but like all Early Acess games it has flaws, however this game has quite a few more flaws than most Early Acess games I have played in a while. Only buy if you plan on dealing with a bad community like Rust's for example or if you want to play SP, which means you gotta set up servers and stuff.POSITIVES:*Cute graphics.*Difficulty*Map is cool*Cool creatures to face.*Cool creature system. You start off seeing bunnies and such, but the deeper inland you go the bigger they get.*Community can be fun at times.NEGITIVES:*Problems here and there with FPS. A lot of people talk about how fps can suck at times.*Server wipes. Although, this being an early access game, it's kinda expected. Just really hard to get stuff in the first place.*Glitchy. The creatures will sometimes just sit there and let you kill them, or run in place. I have really good internet, so it can't be because of my connection.*Vehicles are tough to find. I get it, it's  Hurtworld. It's not supposed to be easy. But why are vehicles so hard to find?*Community can be toxic a lot. I know there are some good times with the community, but most of the time you get people from Rust who are always shouting racial slurs, killing people who just spawned, and not to mention there are hackers. I'm not screaming aimbot like some kid who just got killed 5 times by the same guy, but rather it's people flying that I have seen a few times. Ofcourse, the game is a lot like Rust, so this doesn't really suprise me.Overall I reccomend for people looking for SP or people who enjoyed Rust despite the toxic community. This game, at the time being, is a 6/10 from me. Although, i'll probably not play it for a while. I'll wait for some more patches and stuff."
76561198051245443,Not Recommended,393420,23913099,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dartail,"Purchased this game with a friend a while back. Neither one of us could get the game running for the first hour and forty minutes we had it due to an issue with VAC or EAC (don't remember what the error said). Multiple people were complaining about this issue on the Hurtworld discussion forums. Because steam counts you having the game client open as actually playing the game (even if you're just in the main  menu) we only had twenty minutes of playtime left before we could refund.The issue was fixed two days later, and my friend and I got the game running and logged into the first server we saw.I was immediately shot in the head by a twelve year old squeaker who was screaming in a language I did not recognize.By the time my friend and I finally met up, I had five minutes left on my refund timer, so we both refunded. We may purchase the game later when it's been tuned a bit. Unfortunately, my experience (which may have just been a fluke) turned me off from the game. I'll revist Hurtworld when it's fully released."
,Not Recommended,393420,19546823,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Guðrún,"** DISCLAIMER: This is based upon the Early Access, and extremely early at that one as well **I've been craving a good survival-game for some time, because H1Z1, DayZ nor Arma 3: DayZ or Rust manages to fill my need for it, even though Rust are the closest at the moment.We have gotten a huge ocean of survival \ crafting-games the past two years after the rising of the DayZ-mod.People like it. People enjoy it. I like it. I enjoy it.But after a while, all these tedious games kept popping up like candy, and while many of them barely touched the surface, some made it to the top, and are still staying there, even with the lack of content and quality it should have.If a new survival game was to surface, it will need something special. Something extra. Something to make it stand out.Subnautica for example. It's just another survival game. But it's under water. And it does it pretty well even without coop or multiplayer.But, with this in mind, I just thought ""Meh, I'll try it out"", and while the game looks promising, the visuals and the devs seem to be up to pair with most of it.I played a total of 2 hours (1.9, since I did not want to surpass the refund-possibility)While the game looks nice enough with a slight Rust-feeling to it (Unity?),I just can't say that the price is worth the content.There's nothing to do really, except to gather resources to build a house and a few weapons.I'm assuming this will change, but not as of yet.It's extremely shallow at the moment. As are most of the survival games out there. H1Z1 comes to mind.Yes, it might have promise, and yes, it might have good thoughts,but 136 NOK (~$15) does not justify the content and\or game at all in this state. This was with a slight discount as well.Personally I think they should drop 50% off the price while in Early Access, and then up it when they bring some real content to it.Or even waited a few months before getting it into EA.The difficulty I do like, and I do like the aesthetics. No, I adore the aesthetics actually. They're very pleasing. Reminds me a bit of The Long Dark. I loved finding small deer and rabbits jumping around to hunt for.I really did. But that was one of the few things I enjoyed with it.There's not much to craft (yet), and there's not much to explore.I'm sure they will implement it, but that's the case for my review:NOT YET!Will I recommend the game in it's current state? - No. Not with that pricetag at this time.Will I come back to see how it progresses further? - Absolutely. It shows good promise, and I would love to see a decent survival game shine.I would love to see more EA developers use a lower price-tag when in very early stages of EA.50% off for example.Adding more stuff to the game? Up it a notch. 40% off. Closing up to release? Only 10% off to make the last people jump on board to get that little discount before the release.The main reason for me saying 'nay' to Hurtworld at the moment is primarily to the price-tag for offered content. Not because the lack of quality. I do like what I see, but it's just lacking to make up for the price.If you do pick it up though, you'll most likely spend 10-20 hours before you grow tired,and then you'll come back now and then to check it out. Just as with any other survival game we have. That's what we do. That's how it works.We need something to change all that. Might that be Hurtworld? - Perhaps. But not yet.TL;DR: Looking for that new special survival game? This is not it - Yet.Want to know if you should spend $15 on this? - Don't do it unless you're absolutely sure that you want to pay for a game that's very shallow in it's current state.Again: The aesthetics are very pleasing.Edit: Commented back on a few comments in the comment-section. You know.. For comments."
,Recommended,393420,21629581,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kevin,it is so fun and it is worth its price
76561198216984059,Recommended,393420,21632801,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MerlynGG™,"Great game, anyone thinking about purchasing should definitely give it a try. Still pretty new so hopefully it will get better in time. Looking forward to all the new content and ideas they implement into the game in the future."
,Recommended,393420,19908056,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Caliii,Easily the best survival game made yet
,Recommended,393420,20686904,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,FOZ-  28.11 army,much fun :3
76561198109087711,Recommended,393420,23847681,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RafaTMi,"I think that with the hours that I have in the game I can confidently give my honest review on this product. I have followed hurt since it came out. Its one of my favourite games. Because it is an early acessed game it has a lot of ""things to mend"" and therefore it has a lot of bugs and if you buy this game you need to be aware of that. I recomend this game and specially if you have friends to play with because its very fun to play and discover the game (especially in vannila) because the rates are more low and you would need more time to achieve everything, since one of the main criticism is that once you achieve all there is nothing to do, which I disagreed because you can always do more. I also have seen that people are not recomending this game anymore ""because the devs left it"" which I really dont understand because they post an update almost every week with a ton of work that they have done wich you can check the last one that was not too long ago:http://hurtworld.com/... And if you dont see ""any new content"" for some time its because they are busy correcting the bugs and problems of the game."
,Recommended,393420,20607697,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ricegum Made U,this is one of the best games ive ever played i have 150 hours on it
76561198155327355,Recommended,393420,20112605,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,palaH,9/10  fakin goooooooooooooood
,Recommended,393420,20362874,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,griansjsdad,Step 1) SpawnStep 2)  Die of hypothermiaStep 3) Repeat 10-20 times until successIGN 9/10 would die of hypothermia again
,Recommended,393420,20174692,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LogaGoD,Too hard 5 me
76561198042519077,Recommended,393420,20757004,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,II Wormwood II,"Easily one of the better early access games I have played in a long time. The beginning can be a little unforgiving since even the rain can contribute to killing you. But once you get a simple base going things start to move at a quick pace. the crafting system is easy to use and there are alot of options. And believe it or not the community (as far as I have seen) is one of the best I've come across, I have passed multiple players and I havent been killed! One even offered me assistance!As long as the developers keep up with this game I believe this could be one of the top survival games on steam, My personal item additions would be a map, flashlight, and possibly some weapon attachments. Other than that this game is EASILY worth the $25 price tag."
76561198198830046,Recommended,393420,19575430,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Milan Roki,Ko igra ovu igricu od balkanaca neka me addgood game <3
76561198023173811,Recommended,393420,19622741,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Thane,"Prett fun so far, I usuauly get bored with survival games by this point."
,Recommended,393420,19832975,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,jcb,"Always wanted to be Bear Grylls. Let me just say, this game is as close as I will ever get. The world is currently small but I can see it expanding into something amazing. The character animation is fantastic as are the graphics. Although it is early, I would easily give it 9/10 in it's current stage."
,Recommended,393420,20266422,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BTN,Really good game !
,Recommended,393420,20081511,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dusty,Pretty good. Runs very well if your computer is a little slows so great for those of us who don't have the best pc available. Needs more content as all survival games do and even years on never deliver enough. Maybe this time will be different? Your guess is as good as mine. But essentially has all the tools already in place for a pretty decent survival experience. Although c4 is not spawning right now and no raiding is happening it seems as though in a (hopefully) soon to be released patch will add c4 and allow us to finally start raiding.
76561198041541882,Recommended,393420,20055200,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JustKillingTime,Reminds me of rust legacy (when rust was good)-And it also has cars    10/10I can see this game going place's
76561198162433531,Recommended,393420,21384422,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Negromancer,"I go afk for 1 min, and get ripped apart by two cars and a harpoon, what mor could you want from a game?"
76561197998758583,Recommended,393420,20271518,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Satwo,"I wander out to the dunes thinking to myself ""today seems like a great day for collecting animal fat!""So i make it out there, and someone has a base set up. I instantly go on alert, as i dont know if they are home or not.Plenty of sneaking and waiting tells me they are not around. i get on top of a rock and notice these guys dont know how to finish off a roof. as i jump into their building, i land right between a cubby where their totem is, and where a complete car and quad are stored.9/10, would rob new players blind again."
,Recommended,393420,20817018,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Superfkr,"join game with friend server called weedlife or somethingstart out in middle of desertlooking for friendfind other peoplebefreind other peopleask new freind how to playhe shows me the waysget spearfind friendguy with pants walks put to ustry to talk to himfriend screams ""I WANT YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING PANTS""friend trys to kill pants manpants man starts running awaypulls out bowI throw my spear1 hit him in the headfeels greatpants dont droppants stay with deadwho was pantswould pants again"
,Recommended,393420,19982275,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AngrySamurai08,"The game is a bit glitchy which is expected for a early access game. Other than that it is a extremely good game, I highly recomend it for people that love Rust and Ark."
76561198246686466,Recommended,393420,21903311,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Hichyy,Nice Game man
,Recommended,393420,20122517,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[MFP] Jetalen,10/10 Would get ♥♥♥♥ed by boars again.
76561198127153927,Recommended,393420,19603540,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Steven,Hurt World is a game where you die to bors more than you die to players; You walk around thinking what the ♥♥♥♥ am i doing to ge run over from some guy that has been on the server loads then at this point your dieing of cold and ♥♥♥♥ all you can do so you make a fire and then you get to hot and die and start all over again 10/10 would play 30 hours again.
76561198120501040,Recommended,393420,19623997,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,CravingDaCrazy,Very well planned game for only early access. Reminds me of a better Legacy Rust which was awesome. Game has a lot of potential :)
,Recommended,393420,19664970,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Skin,I really really enjoy this game and would of paid alot more than $20 cant wait to see what the devs add.
,Recommended,393420,19834497,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[RTO] AlexAndThunder,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USSmgwAoYi8&ab_channel=IRLAlexHurtworld, unlike so many others of it kind, discards the notion of realism and in turn focuses on smooth, well-optimized Gameplay that is enjoyable and satisfactory beyond what most others offer. To quote a previous review, Hurtworld is, to some extent, Rust that runs on a potato. I could say more but this is honestly I think its biggest selling point, that it runs well on mid-tier and even some lower tier machines."
76561198160489740,Recommended,393420,19656423,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,JhonBlyat,"i recommend this game cause it plays verry smooth.not all pll r unfriendly thats also verry nice no noob killers.the game also has good audio and voiceacting.gameplay is nice it works perfectly altough you need to figure out how the crafting menu works.overworld looks tight, survival is hard gameplay is sick and audio is verry good.havn't build any base yet and already reccomend it ^^can't wait to play some more !"
,Recommended,393420,20638039,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Weasel,"-Playing with friend collecting iron for gear-Random chinese guy comes up and kills us with a shotgun-Meet another player in spawn area-""You're not chinese are you?""-Proceed to tell him about my encounter with the pantsless chinese person with a shotgun-""Alright, White Power brother!""-We both start to walk away when I hear him yell-""Kill the CHINESE!""And that's how one game united a whole online community against the ddosing chinese kids."
,Recommended,393420,20210051,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nic,How to complete Hurtworld.1. Farm2. Farm more3. Farm a little more4. Build a house5. Farm more6. Go find a car7. Farm8. Find sunblock9. Get car parts10. Get a car *broom*11. Farm12. Oi keep farming13. Get drills14. Get semi-autos15. Do drive byesWELL DONE YOU FINISHED HURTWORLD
,Recommended,393420,20194073,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BobbyJoe,This game it a great distraction from the pathetic no life you have. Its a pretty great buy if you like to trick people into being your friend untill you destroy them when you realize they are a walking loot.
76561198042092381,Recommended,393420,20355827,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Chief,meh
,Recommended,393420,20412614,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Daddy Cool,This game is pretty fun but frustrating at some times i don't like some of the mechanics
,Recommended,393420,20711486,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Law,"Such a good game, the community is very friendly and take the game somewhat more seriously than other survival games. This game seems to be created with a good mix of things such as the cars which remind me of Mad Max. I would definitely recommend this game is you enjoy hunting, building bases and progressing with the items you can craft."
76561198124291943,Recommended,393420,22378493,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,williammunny,عشت فيها اجمل ايام عمري واشوف فيها اجمل ذكرياتي فعلا اقوى تجربه لي فعالم الالعاب نادرا ماتلقاها بالعاب الجيل الحالي
76561198172436586,Recommended,393420,23417429,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Hazmat_Priest,So I came on here to see how this game was being recieved and I must say I was shocked!First of all alot of the hate directed at this game seems to be due to being killed ?So i must point out its a survival game so why is that a suprise?Also to any players who got discusted with the game due to the lack of heros and the overpopulation of bandits I recommend going to the community server and finding a very low populated server I disliked the game myself as it had lo long term playability but on the small server I play on thats NOT true .I just wanted to get this review out there in hopes that we can take this game back and support the devs .I hope this helped someone new to the game shoot me a friend request and we can talk and i can try and help you find a server and get set up .Hazmat_Priest
,Recommended,393420,19594742,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Corvino,"I love this game. It's well worth the money and right now better then all survival games in my opinion. If you get the chance, have some spare money and are looking to get a survival game get this. It will be well worth your time!"
76561198117906748,Recommended,393420,20641562,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Krampus,first day : tried to get some stone and wood built an axesecound day : made a bow and hunted down some animals in the night stepped into the fire and almost burned to deathThird day : Found a shirt and saw someones base went there the guy had a gun and said i am friendly and then he came up to me and shot a full magazine at me10/10 would die by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again :)
,Recommended,393420,22174711,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Prune,best aussi game ever 10/10
76561197963867464,Recommended,393420,23600348,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,dL!,"Great survival game. If you're looking for a surival game that runs silky smooth and is a lot of fun, this is it."
76561198012706073,Recommended,393420,20923349,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,PockX,"Game is easier to get the hang of better than Rust and isn't so demanding for your computer. If you're into sandbox games and like Rust or similar games, then I would recommend it,7.5/10 if you enjoy open sandbox style games."
,Recommended,393420,20137045,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Yadukai,Such a glorious game. Totes worth.
,Recommended,393420,20139337,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,seldom,I use to be a RUST adict. Now I am a HURTWORLD adict.
,Recommended,393420,24681050,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AqauticMoonRaker,hurtworld is a good game but the lagging in game needs to be fixed that becomes a problem
,Recommended,393420,19706643,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Sleeves,First 20 minutes of this game:-I spawn in a desert-make my way to some city-find some people-They kill me while calling me a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CS GO all over again #EU
,Recommended,393420,29725932,Posted: 5 February,all,✪  dany2k,"Is a good survival, you can set up very quick, and it's very funny when you play with friends. As suggestions, solve that laggy things, a better anti-cheat system, and the cancer of the game - Hypothermia. Even if you have full anti-cold gear, hypothermia still gets you. Still, thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,393420,19711357,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MrRapolas,"Bought this game ABOUT A WEEK AGO. First day was awesome met couple guys, spent the next 6hours just having fun with them (homo levels are rising). Went to sleep after that happy, joined the game again, solo this time and random naked guy with an axe started hitting me, said 0 words just attacted me. Killed him got that purple thing.. So hurtworld was fun till fire nation attacked.. Can there be a game where a kid with a bad mic would get a insta ban on the server? :? Like a voice test before U are allowed to join a game?"
,Not Recommended,393420,22811507,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Какаду,The community is the worst. You can't even play the game. When you're trying to start out there's always the guy who shoots you and you can't do anything back.
,Recommended,393420,25741347,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Carnivex,"Hurtworld is a fantastic game for everyone, if you enjoy rust then you would probably enjoy hurtworld too. Although there a few different concepts between Hurtworld and Rust. Ive been playing Hurtworld for quite a time to know almost everything about it. One of the most important aspects i see in Hurtworld is that you don't need a superly overpowered computer to play in its max graphics. I'm playing on a mac with average setting and I've been getting 30fps and graphics have never been a problem to me. It may not have the best graphics however thats what makes this game epic."
76561198010977569,Recommended,393420,24314329,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kazamaniac,Have played Rust and Ark and have to say this is by far my favourite. It's more hardcore as resources are more scarce and spread out forcing players to travel distances to obtain them. This also means that it is harder to create C4 and such which gives new players a better cushion against raiders in servers. For me Rust and Ark is grief heaven however this seems to be a happy medium - for me at least!
,Recommended,393420,20399332,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,hhylz2017/Tom,"I love this game,but this game call the hurtworld,thats mean eveything can hurt youplayer,animals,everything.I dont want to play this game beacuse my stffu in my house gone for 3 timesXDI AM DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!{i thing is player did this but i cloes all doorsXD"
,Recommended,393420,19478780,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Shimm,Pretty challenging game but that's what makes it worth playing. There are bugs here and there as expected but in saying that the gameplay feels really smooth. I'm just happy that there are OCE servers already. Really promising with more content in the future.
,Recommended,393420,19528953,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,OTF.That_Taffer,"Hurtworld is like one of those ladies. You know the sort. A little odd, maybe not much of a looker, and clumsy. But beneath this awkward veneer is a vixen on par with Venus herself, and she will give you one hell of a ride once you get to know her.This game is essentially Rust: Legacy 2.0, and I cannot recommend it enough. I will write up a more detailed review when I've the time to do so but I can tell you, this is worth a buy."
,Recommended,393420,19573342,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,sebas_L,"Very nice Game.Nice ambience, good crafting... and that graphics.. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Nice!"
76561198026541011,Recommended,393420,22805669,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RED BULL?,"I really can't see where all the negativity for this game is coming from. I picked it up on sale and my friends and I have been having an awesome time surviving/ambushing people. All of the problems people have been talking about (KOS, nasty players, hackers) have been completely absent in my experience so far. In one server, a group of around 10 people banded together and formed a small camp, they got attacked by others on the server, but that's part of playing a survival game.My opinions on this game may change as I play more, but at time of writing I give it a strong ""buy."""
,Recommended,393420,19473764,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Josh5234,This game is what DayZ should have been 10/10
,Recommended,393420,29043226,Posted: 5 January,all,撲克臉 -PoKerFaCe,AWESOME survival game you can create awesome stuff very funny to play solo and with friends. You don't need an pro pc for much fps
76561198184884891,Not Recommended,393420,20490675,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Massai csgoice.com,"Dont even purchase this game yet. the fps is♥♥♥♥♥♥however, that will be fixed soon also every server at the moment is terrible and just look at this link below !!!! what the ♥♥♥♥ is this?????https://gyazo.com/c85c3ddfd8e46b882b4026ae3f492d37"
,Recommended,393420,25511451,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Chr1s,"The Rust style and cartoony graphics make this game pretty damn nice, if you want to be killed by heat or by an yeti, this is a game for you."
76561198103727705,Recommended,393420,19576045,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jaybirdie,Anybody else remember the rush of rust legacy... buy this game if u want to feel that way again with a game... This game has a lot of potential... i still like rust most... but this is an amazing game...                                                                                              10/10... would get banned for killing 12 year old admin again xD
,Recommended,393420,19576104,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ThatKidMatt™,"For being a new game, this runs super smooth and lots of fun! Came from H1z1 and its way better"
,Recommended,393420,19754007,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,b u r t o n,Played it for about 2.5 hours so far and I am loving it. There's not a lot of content but what's in there is really good. I'm excited for the future of this game :)
,Recommended,393420,19847044,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TuxThePenguin,"One of the best $20.00 I ever spent! I like how you can live on the run or start a permanant base, or steal one. This is great for a wide variety of players from PVP to survival. If you like how you have to survive against the elements, fight agressive animals, or people you will love or thoroghly enjoy it!"
76561198075217650,Recommended,393420,19870648,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dreke,Awesome Game!!!!
,Recommended,393420,20031344,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,iWatchYouPiss,"Ok so i did up vote after 100 hours of gameplay.This game is such a good open world survivle pvp/pve really similar to old days of rust and i really enjoy it cuz of its simplisity it feels so good, game runs smooth no need of a storng pc to run it smooth.im really looking foward for the devs to update more because i will play 100 hours more.so if you would like a nice server to start you can join this server i play at :  31.214.240.111:20080the server have kits, teleport system, sethome system, and more :D if you have any other questions feel free to add me :P"
76561198032267904,Recommended,393420,20032845,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Descentt,"Fun game. It is easy to learn quick and fiqure this game out. So far only one person has tried to KOS me with no luck and the others i have met are actually nice people. I hope this game dosnt become full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ becasue it has great multiplayer concepts. 9/10 so far , the end game gear is a little hard to farm but i guess thats the point,"
,Recommended,393420,20130112,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nudel,"I've spent nearly 20 hours building a single, moderately sized base. You read in the description that once you've established yourself, survival is no longer trivial -- that's 100% true. The slightest miscalculation or slip-up could cost me 30 mintues worth of farming resources, or 20 hours of constructing a home. This is one of the only open world, survival games on steam where PVE is more challenging than PVP. If you want a game where you can get geared up, raid, and fight other players in little time, this is not the game for you (H1Z1, DayZ mod, etc).The community is great. Sure, there will be many players who aim to kill on sight, in Hurtworld's hardcore environment you can hardly blame them. Though, if you are patient and willing to reason, you will find there are many other players interested in becoming an ally.Visually the graphics are very appealing. They are sharp and vibrant. This game isn't very demanding so most PCs can run it.I rate 10/10Edit: I play on the official New York #6 server. You'll find the same players on the same server if you play often enough. Hope to see some new players!"
,Recommended,393420,20132386,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,N3PH,"First time exp:-Logged In-Running around gathering materials-trying to figure out how to make a weapon-see a person run up to me and ""HEY, DO YOU HAVE MIC? HUMP THE AIR IF YOU DONT HAVE A MIC!""-so i hump the air-he says ""Umm... okay... you dont have a mic"".... okay ""YEA""-Proceeds to stab me to death with a pick axe10/10would log in all over again"
,Recommended,393420,20134324,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Chez,"8 hours in Im loving this game, looks good, plays good and is everything I wanted Rust to be and more!"
76561198043776550,Recommended,393420,20166946,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vidolgic,"Great stable and fun early access survival game! Loanwolfing or grouping up this game Is a blast to play and there are plenty of great community servers to go around if official servers arent your thing. The only downside is there comes a point where there is a lack in veriety of fun things to do although I am 20 hours in and still having a great time. As time goes on there will be plenty of things added to the game :D. Also, I must say, people in this game are a lot less hostile compared to games like DayZ and Rust so do not KOS, not KOS makes the game better for everyone, there are plenty of reasons to kill someone but also countless to let me them live. So give Hurtworld a chance and I believe you will fall in love just like I did!"
76561197965256286,Recommended,393420,20168447,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Stalin_is_Ballin' ☭,The server i played on got infested with chinese people who just killed you on sight so a bunch of the regulars got fed up with it and formed the Anti Asian Alliance.10/10 would ching chong again.
76561198256746822,Recommended,393420,20199684,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,gameban hellcase.com,"After a while of playing more I found that this game is really good. I love the aspect that you are always on the edge of your seat while playing. What I mean by this is that, when you build a base or looking for resources you have to use you ears to hear if anyone is around. Their footsteps make a distinct sound and you have to look out for this. The community is not that good right now and I am afraid this game might die out soon. I hope that doesn't happen anytime soon though. I'll give you some tips on starting out though so you don't get destroyed or raided easily. First thing you want to do is to get a friend or a few friends to help you on your journey to building your base. Next thing is to gather lots of wood and stone, you also want to get limestone and clay to make cement for a foundation. After that build up your walls and try to make friends. You need friendly neighbors that will support you throughout you journey. Thanks for taking your time to read this."
76561198076555218,Recommended,393420,20332456,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,staying subliminal,Hurtworl is very funSome good things about this game is the building and moving from biome to biome to find the next resource.Its also just like rust alpha when rust was the best.However it gets very grindy and boring especially if you play in pve.Car parts are also way to rare i found only a gear box in 16 hours.
,Recommended,393420,20383279,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sister,"I can't unrecommend this game for a variety of reasons.  1.  It's quite awesome, but it's not MY personal type of survival.  The community overall is great, except for the few rotten apples sitting around."
76561198015598030,Recommended,393420,20436633,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,kn0xx,10/10Would die by heatstroke/freeze/poison/radiation/pigs/yetis/deers/anotherplayers again.
,Recommended,393420,21530879,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,𝕭𝖗𝓸𝓌𝓷𝔂,i have not played alot but go to on the game saw guy got killed respawned. got a gun ♥♥♥♥ed the same guy later the day
76561198080512296,Recommended,393420,20267724,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[1] CrispyCrust,What ive wanted for a very long time. Like a rust that i can actually run!
76561198156591394,Recommended,393420,20445830,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Strik3r,wtfthis game is good buti try start it now and i found this:lunch error game startup failed error code:19someone know how to fix this error?
76561198121193292,Recommended,393420,20967084,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gorgon,"HurtWorld jest to bardzo fajna gra, ale też jest dużo bugów np. Niezniszczalne zwierzęta. Nieraz są duże lagi z winy serwera. Radze grać w tę grę z ekipą, bo samemu gorzej się gra. Fajna przyjazna grafika trochę bajkowa. Ale gra w sama w sobie jest bardzo fajna i ją Polecam."
76561198214758813,Recommended,393420,19659217,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Corpsey,"Brilliant Game, Would buy it really hard to survive so Its time consuming BUY IT"
,Recommended,393420,20096217,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CrAzYgUnNeR101,Rust Legacy but these guys are getting the important performace items taken care of first and not having a broken game
76561198060926261,Recommended,393420,20120784,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xspartenkillerx,"So, ive got about 130 hours on record now and i play this game everyday. its very simple to learn and easy to get the hang of. the combat system is fun and not hard to learn. its updated alot and the devs keep you informed on whats going on. the only way to break into a base is with c4 (unless the person your raiding was stupid with their ownership poles and didnt protect the entire base. im sure even more will be added to this game and it is definetly worth the $20 i spent on this game, i recomend you get it while its on sale, its still worth $25 buck everyone likes to save some money. people are usually evil and try to kill you on sight, so be carfull on who you trust when they say they are friendly.first game:-join-makes a flint hatchet ""okay, im learning""-harvests just enough wood to make a fire, forgets the flint-almost dies of hypothermia at night-finds the flint and makes the fire, figures out that standing on the fire will get rid of my hypothermia faster-""ahh, ive survived my first night, oh who are you? how's it goi...""-shot in the face by a 14 year old with a assault rifle-decides to fight back-finds a detenator cap at a town-builds a small base-kills said 14 year old and takes over his base for my own-14 year old rage quits and never comes back11/10 would overthrow a 14 year old king again (but for the life of me, cant find another detenator cap)"
76561198056694561,Recommended,393420,20398868,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MadnessFreddy,"Very good game!It's about surviving in a landscape with different biomes.The base building is made up in a very smart way with a grid system in place.It's more fun to play with a few friends, but it is also enjoyable to play solo.Make sure you find a good server, with decent players on it.4/5 in it's current early access state. (The dev's are very active)"
76561198073648868,Recommended,393420,20455773,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Peronix,Its Rusdt before it became a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198001751217,Recommended,393420,20460295,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ShakyFisher [FAC],"A little buggy right now, but still plays out nice"
,Recommended,393420,19672800,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SaSc,"After 20 hours off playing this game i fell that i am ready to do my pro's and con's:Pro's:Graphics... Evb can play itSurvival (yes, it's the first survival game...)Hardcore (if you think that doing wepons on Rust is hard, try this one)Cartoon graphicsLot of resourcesNo stutters, no fps drops, no nothing!!!Con's:Survival (it's really hard!!)to much Ko's (usual on this games)Need more updatesExpensive (a bit)If you don't know if you are geting the game or not, just try it.. Youd on't need a beast computer, all your friends will be able to play it. The community is growing really fast, and the Dev's seem that are going to improve the game, we can't know for sure iff this is only the beggining bu let's see!"
76561198180154585,Recommended,393420,20130206,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ryan csgoatse.com csgowitch.com,"Day one of Hurt world.... I find a small group of Asians i say ""Hi u guys friendly?"" In whitch they reply ""HOOOOOOOOAOOLOL WE A REKA Uuu!!!"" i then proceed to be chased down by them for a total of 15 minutes before they killed me for my 6 wood and 3 flint.Day two of Hurt world.... I see a fire in the distance its becoming night time im getting cold as i walk up to the fire i hear a bow draw back scared of being shot i run only to eventualy come back and try to ue the mans fire when i see him again it looks like his name is somthing like boom or room... i get closer and i see...... oh no... ASIAN CHARACTERS!!?!?! i quickly try to run but i am being chased as i am getting hit i scream ♥♥♥♥ YOU U CHINESE ♥♥♥♥S!!...I must say this game makes you racist fairly fast but its fun."
76561198140807272,Recommended,393420,19837191,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Losing Team,"I have over 100 hours on this game, and yes it is well worth the price.Only bad thing i can say about the game woudl have to be the servers. Every Server has its problems rather its a official, or private server.There are hackers in official as well as private, but private servers can deal with the hackers better.Downside to private servers are abusive admins that are childish. However there are very good admins that own server, the only had part is finding out whhich is which."
76561198226076452,Recommended,393420,19894305,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Da Bobcat,"THIS GAME IS AWESOMEThey already beat rust with cars graphics and friendly players.the only thing is the bugs but there in every new game theirs a bug that lets hogs go though anything like walls or floors and sometimes they some how get on your roof.you guys also need 2 fix the spawning like if you clam a land hogs cant spawn there anymore.but over all its a great game and i it will only get better as we go along, I think I would give it 8/10 over all though but i can see it being 10/10"
76561198256134641,Recommended,393420,19936238,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,YEA I GOTCHA,As it being my first survival game I was coming in thinking I would hate it but now I have almost 2 days in game time and have only had it for like 5 days. This is a great survival game for new people the community is amazing.
76561197997971755,Recommended,393420,21536828,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,John Cena,"Very good game. Survival at it's best. Hard to get vehicle parts. I hope they make it easier for you to get parts, add more mobs, and more loot to the mobs. Overall a great game and a great experience. I played with a friend for a few hours and it was fun, but to really get a good multiplayer experience have at least 2 other buddies with you. I don't have friends that play this game, and people will kill you and never say a word to you, so i didn't really get to experience the true value of this game, I feel like. If you're looking for a survival game that has atleast 15-20 hours of gameplay this game is right for you. More gameplay if you have friends that play."
,Recommended,393420,21663746,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Bear Jew,Great game with friends or just  by yourself. It is great you dont lose all your progress when you die and all together just a brilliant game.
,Recommended,393420,21962123,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,TRACTOR MAN,a guy tried to hit me with a carhit him with an axe and stole his car10/10owrong is love owrong is life
76561197974652635,Recommended,393420,22071962,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Dreven i sport,10/10
76561197968839675,Recommended,393420,19580850,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,InvictiGaming,"soon as i log in some guy tries to kill me. he throws his spear at me(misses) i pick it up, then proceed to stab him to death:) +1 (would steal spear again :P)For a Alpha i gotta admit this game is pretty damn good, its like rust but not, for one your avatar logs out when you do. (which is nice).second there is quite alot of crafting for a alpha.its a bit hard to get started, most people seem to die of starvation or hypophermia.i have not got far into the game yet but i just got a backpack(which i made) and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shirt(yea its called that:P)but for all for all i really like it so far, its fun, if you aint got it why not?Invictigaming."
,Recommended,393420,19812590,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Demonic,"as of 12/20/2015, a good cure for 10+ hours of boredom.  Feels a bit like a rust clone, but for how early the game is it is surprisingly polished.  I'm looking forward to see what becomes of the game.-DM"
76561198057423901,Recommended,393420,19930922,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Predator,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing 10/10 would play againDrove around the whole map with a friend exploring♥♥♥♥♥♥my buggy got caught 3 ♥♥♥♥ing times ♥♥♥♥ you desertweird spitter things remind me of my momYeti ♥♥♥♥s youVery good game 10/10 would recommend again m8.
76561198069087213,Recommended,393420,19937781,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,avondrinor,Nice survival game and very funny with friends.Pros:-optimization-small download size-enjoyable and easy crafting-less buggy than other early acces survival games.-combatCons:-sudden fps drops sometimes-few offcial EU serversIf you look like an entertaining open world pvp and survivial game. This one is great for now.
,Recommended,393420,20000427,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Needlez,"BEST $27 i have ever spent solid 100+ FPS Good Biomes really good survival.Very hard at some points NOTE this game isnt like rust where you get resorces straight off the bat in hurtworld u spawn with nothing play for a whole 5 hours straight just to get a 3x3 get a couple off drills going wait on day get a gun go tear♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up, every one complians about hackers ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t never seen one Raiding is harder then it seems you have to search rad towns for detornator caps to make c4 BEST GAME I HAVE EVER BOUGHT SINCE GTA V"
,Recommended,393420,20005823,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,.venTor,"It's a great game, but keep up adding new things please. It needs far more content, but it is very nice overall.FPS is stable and I love this graphic-style!"
,Recommended,393420,20170361,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tqmv ツ,"This game is fun, worth the 20 dollars, except for on thing.Fall damage"
76561198267294371,Recommended,393420,20499234,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,darkslashlife,love it only have a littel time in it lol
76561198169004716,Recommended,393420,19622998,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,boosted trash,"-Joins a Singapore server-Has no idea what to do-Picks up rocks and wood and thinks ""hey this is just like don't starve!""-crafts a flint axe-builds a campfire to protect myself from cold at night-gets stabbed two times in the back by some random guy and dies-respawns and revovers all my stuff-dies of hypothermia-dies of heatstroke-dies of radiation-comes across a peaceful land with no debuffs and lots of resources-chops wood-mines rocks-gets one shotted by the same guy who killed me with the spear but now with a hunting rifle-respawns-meets a friendly guy whom i traded for my wood and flint for 3 raw meat-finds out i did not have enough for a campfire because i traded the wood and flint-dies out of hypothermiaOk, lets just cut the crap and get into the review.Hurtworld? Basically an australia wasteland covered by rocks and fallen tree trunks, its practically harder than any other game i've ever played after borderlands: the pre-sequel (true vault hunter mode). No heat during the night? Dies of cold. No shade in the desert? Dies of heatstroke. Gets near black rocks and ground? Dies of radiation. Pick a fight between a boar and some deer? Dies of them impaling you with their horns. You see a guy with high-tier equipment? Just ♥♥♥♥ing run!-Crafts a shirt, jeans, and sneakers-Suddenly the naked people treat me as a higher-tier being-Take all their stuff10/10 would craft clothing again.(PS: my graphic card is a NVDIA GeForce GT705 2GB soooooo, basically i can't run this game higher than 30FPS with the lowest settings. I recommend getting a graphic card thats better than mine.)"
76561198141919901,Recommended,393420,19642492,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,UnfriendlyHero,"If you like survival games at all, you will appreciate how fluid this game is in this early stage. This is my first review and wanted to let people know. The resource grind isn't as bad as some others and a base can be built fairly quick. BE WARNED! This game is addictive and hard to put down. Have fun and always watch your back!"
,Recommended,393420,19812535,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Fallen Designs,"This game is simple, clean and ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. You know it's good when you play 30 hours in 2 days #worthit"
76561198086777986,Recommended,393420,19943141,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nibbles,I felt like this was a better Mad Max game than Mad Max10/10 would Aussie Sim again
,Recommended,393420,20383808,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DragonBurns,"Great game, I only have 2 complaints, 1 of which has already been slightly fixed, The one that has been fixed is that drills were and sort of still are too OP, people just get a few drills going and sit on their porch sniping at people. They made drills slightly less effective which made me happy but further drill nerfing is needed. The other complaint that hasn't been addressed yet is the lack of loot in-game. Sure I understand that C4 needs to be hard to make and I appreciate how hard it is to raid everyone. But I have even gone into loot areas on servers with NOBODY only to find that there was 1 box there and all it contained was 7 bullets. Not to mention that I never see any cars being driven around which means that I'm not the only one having no luck finding fun loot. All in all I have read some things the devs have to say and I really like them. And the best part of all that this game has that makes it a 9/10 is that YOU DON'T LOSE EVERYTHING UPON DEATH!!! Halle♥♥♥♥inglujah. But devs PLEASE do more with infamy, KOS players must be punished and nerfing the effects of infamy isnt helping that cause. I understand that if 1 person is defending himself and takes out a few guys and gets killed by the 4th he should not lose more stuff, but come up with something, I have faith in you."
76561198040830125,Recommended,393420,19900340,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bren Den,This game is amazing. It's like Rust when it was good. If you had to choose between any other survival game and this game I would 100% choose this game. Most other Early-Acess survival games are just dev teams who dont care about PC and dev teams that cant finish or comply to the demand of customers. This game already has cars on day 1. They know what we want!
76561198123495659,Recommended,393420,23981685,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,1oAce,"This game has everything a game I like needs, vehicles, guns, progression, and third-person. Hurtworld doesn't have the enviroments of rust or the mechanics of ark, but it is still a pretty game and a charming, one it doesnt need flashy graphics or dinosaurs to be fun, it does its own small thing and is good at it, there is never nothing to do in this game."
,Recommended,393420,19635542,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[TAW] Riven,"Right Now My Most Favorite Game.Since I am Bored In Class, I decided to make a review.------------------------------------First Impressions (Sorry if Short):For $20 USA - THIS game. Is worth every lenny penny.The frame rate you can get in the game is great. The gunplay is great. Crafting, etc. There is so much to do and explore in this game atm... AND VEHICLES!!! I love the vehicles in this game, great for making runs to grab supplies and other things.------------------------------------My First Time Joining A Server:I joined a server called Hurt Time, it is on the nodded server list. I am the type of person who likes starter kits. I got the starter kit and the starter kit was not OP at all. It was very balanced. (Not a Server Review...)I walked around with my pick and axe chopping and mining everything in sight. Next thing you know, *Gunshot*, I WAS SCARED ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I spent 45 minutes gathering, thinking I was about to die. I see him... He comes up to me. (PLZ DON'T Kill Me I thought in my Head)All he said was: ""Hii"" And walked away... (Heavily Breathing) I looked at him and said hi back. This was the start of a friendship with the Tuskans, one of the  giant groups on the fairly populated server.------------------------------------This Game definitely has some trolls. Nice People, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. But I already love it.I would rate this game 5 Stars☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆Another Thing You Might want to know is that this game is VERY. I MEAN. VERY. GRINDY. My friends on the server has about 70 hours already and they say they are no where near bored, and not even 1/2 way near endgame. It just shows that this game has content.☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆I hope you enjoyed my review!"
,Recommended,393420,23843913,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,A Wild Toaster,"Rust like community. Fun, but challenging."
76561198143824200,Not Recommended,393420,33073606,Posted: 1 July,all,LordGrim,"Okay I have to say, this game is totally a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ To begin with, it's extremely laggy and full of glitches. Besides, there are lots of armed ppl trying their best to kill those unarmed, as those armed ones are too hard to kill due to their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shooting skills. Last but not least, h1z1 is much more fair compared to this rubbish game."
76561198213664775,Recommended,393420,33387006,Posted: 8 July,all,Hugo,"Solid freaking game , it might not be better than rust but it defienetly keeps up , play this game if your pc can't handle Rust"
76561198031587189,Recommended,393420,20060257,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Xhaphan,"Unbelievable for such an early alpha game. Stable, well optimized. Things you can rarely say of even fully released games. The art style is gorgeous, and it makes it more accessible for people with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC's. Really great game, and worth the money. Have never had so much fun killing baby deer..."
,Recommended,393420,20146011,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RobbertDewulf,"I must say, first of all, that this is the best and most polishedalphaI must have played. The game lacks some features but it is far from empty and there is more content available than in many betas. And, most importantly, the features that are implemented do actually work correctly must of the time (the occasional glitch or bug does happen).Pros:Cartoonesque graphics do look awesome and do not punish performance;Running people over is fun;Simplistic crafting and building system (make complex structures with simple tools);A decent amount of community servers and official servers;Cons:Too easy to get into an end-game state (get a car early and call it a good game);Still no decent weapon recoil;I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,393420,20052191,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,hales0n@happy g403,TOP!!
76561198152319278,Recommended,393420,20144543,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,광,"Hurtworld is a hardcore multiplayer survival FPS with a focus on deep survival progression that doesn't become trivial once you establish some basic needs. Built for hardcore gamers, Hurtworld aims to punish."
76561198093601128,Recommended,393420,20053106,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Horne Lord,Hmmmmmm another survival game - early access - with any view of a finished product?? Well since I now own 4 / 5 of this type of game all I can say is rather than the products getting better each new one seems to progress the genre a step further.My friend and I played this for 20 hrs and taken as far as we could go - as with previous ones.Would be nice to have one I could stick to rather than buying the latest release. Need a definitive one and this is just one step closer.........buy to be a part of that journey but only when as cheap as a bus ticket........this isn't owning your own Aston Martin just yet
,Recommended,393420,28843753,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LOLREKT1337 :),I've played for around 250h on this and my other account.I cant think of much games that are that good as Rust and Hurtworld.A lot of people leave negative reviews that say Hurtworld is a downgraded version of Rust but it really is not.You can have a ton of fun with your friends in this game and its still in development.The devs realese updates often and the game has a future.Currently the game is a ton of fun and worth the money just buy it with a couple of friends for more fun.I played 20h solo and i still had great fun playing it.I run it on an old laptop with a gt 555m and an i7 and it ran 60fps while i was streaming it on twitch.So dont worry if your pc is old and play more than 30mins so you can at least learn the map before you write a review saying that its hard to find your friends there is map online search it up if you have difficulties.I played around a hour to find out that there is a spawn zone and start to recognize places.Give the game a chance its great!
76561198267652965,Recommended,393420,21405967,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,CrazyBLUEbunny™,Yes I think this is one of the best survival games I have ever played !!!!!
76561198052686999,Recommended,393420,20135068,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jetz,"Fun game, alot like rust."
,Recommended,393420,20861514,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Artsyy,Cool... wait no bool cuz i'm blood
,Recommended,393420,23836737,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Szwagierku,Its good game for people who want to play something like survival or the forest its kind of that games. Hurtworld is taking a lot of time but if you cant play all day you can go on servers x50 or x 20 all drops :). Community in game is really good. Games is not difficult but you must have tactic to make a home and go on winter or other biomes. its really good game and I recommend to buy :)
,Recommended,393420,19844621,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The_Governar,"I give this game 3.5/5  and here is why...pros-- great FPS while fighting- no lag / ruber banding- a better communitty . * subjected to  change over time  due to the new wave of players coming in *cons-- end game is easy to get to.- you can't raid people ( unless you have a huge group and they farm rad towns 24/7Comments :I enjoyed every minute of it . at times there was nothing to do. since we had it all. guns, ammo, rare items. but we couldnt raid anyone. so griffing became a way of raiding. taking over peoples bases. before they got too complicated or big . great experience . worth the buy .  - maybe with more content the game would be great! .i would recomend this game . Thank you !"
76561198042275142,Recommended,393420,19677287,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Noble,"First day in hurtworldStole a car from a dudeCar flew up in the air and blew up!!10/10This run so smooth on my Potato.This is like rust ""little brother"""
,Recommended,393420,20627135,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Link,+
,Recommended,393420,21584108,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,TheSense,"It's a really good game, drawn my attention loads. Just ashame my pc struggled to run it (Even though I meet minimum requirements and up) I still had lag.I would recommend and single player option and see if you can releve some of the strain on the computer components so more people can run this game.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED IF YOUR PC CAN RUN IT. -Google canirunit and click on top link and find out if you can run the game.[EDIT]Finally finished building my gaming PC and I love this game. A MUST GET in my opinion, just need someone to play with..."
76561198073230822,Recommended,393420,19657213,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jeg elsker katter,found a mountain took over the mountain build wall around said mountain build 3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ontop of mountain made 10 drillsmade friends shot friends jumped inside some bases twas fun 8/10 would build♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,393420,19684296,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LVNCELOT,"Hurtworld is the much needed successor to Rust. It's a very progressive and entertaining survival, with many goals that keep you always trying to progress. Even in early access, it's better than Rust ever was. I would buy it again. 8.5/10."
76561198148571569,Recommended,393420,20038734,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,A$$A$$IN1,Join into a game run around find a quadbike with out any wheels or car parts i hop on and start driving it i end up at the aifeild and i find a car with wheels and i find in a differnt car the parts and gas and i hop in a car and drive to the airstrip and make a 2x2 base and i find a big base that dident have a pole thing and i get into their loot room and got a shotgun with 255 rounds and alot of other resources and the next day server went down for like an hour and lost all of it ...9/11
,Recommended,393420,21070074,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lew Albert,Fajna gra!
,Recommended,393420,21397520,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,✪ Rick720,Best game ever! So open world download it!
,Recommended,393420,19975534,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Andrzej Duda,"HURTWORLD.Hurtworld is a very good game, but sadly without potential. This game is a simple copy and paste of rust, but i need to say that some things in this game are made better than in rust. Firstly, this game have better community than rust, and theres no cheaters. Secondly, this game is survival, not dumb p v p in which everyone want just raid other bases and kill other players. In this game its really hard to survive, weapons are really hard to get, but they are very good, so its profitable to make them. In Hurtworld, we need also to build base fast, otherwise we will get heatstroke (if living on desert) or we will just freeze (if living in winter biome). Same thing with clothes, thanks to hats you wont get heatstroke, and thanks to jackets you wont freeze.How do I rate the game?(+)+ Community/no cheaters+ Graphics other than in other games.+ This game has been related 2 weeks ago and it have less bugs/glitches than alot of other games that have been related long time ago.+ It's impossible to get bored with this game.+ Hardcore survival(-)- Only 4 types of ranged weapons. (Assault rifle semi, Assault rifle auto, Rifle, Shotgun)- Theres only few types of creatures.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall rating: 3,9 / 5Theres alot of things which this game needs, but lets dont forget that this game is still alpha. I highly recommend this game, for people that likes survival games."
,Recommended,393420,20535446,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,JayCaff,A game about making Friends then killing them.This game is Really fun it has a rust aspect but it is an original game. I would reccomend because of the amountof good content and how early the game is.
,Recommended,393420,21250757,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Fukinwichu,Pretty good game. I hope it gets better.
,Recommended,393420,22833210,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Farid,">i spawn in a desert>no clothes except for shorts>i pick up some logs and a stone and crafts a spear>i try to kill a rabbit to get food>i fail>i encounter two other naked players>one of them says through a mic ""We're friendly, don't worry. We're new to this too"">we team up>we find an abandoned workbench and make a base there>guy says he likes my english>i try to kill another rabbit for food by throwing my spear at it from a cliff>i fail yet again>i break my leg trying to get that spear back11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,393420,20978838,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,gpdolzan,"Really cool cartoony graphics, and easy-to-learn mechanics. I love it!!!"
76561198078178998,Recommended,393420,19678582,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Smud ♛,"TF2 Survival?? Game is pretty fun, and graphics/animations are great!"
,Recommended,393420,19857314,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,pin,"Ok so this is a very early access review and opinions I have expressed here may change. Hurtworld is very much like RUST. The graphics are relatively similiar and the game plays out similiar.However this game is very much better than RUST for a number of reasons.>The community is at this moment nowhere near as toxic. You can happily have conversations with new spawns or even people who can kill you and take all your stuff without you being able to do a thing about it.> I haven't played RUST in a while but the crafting system in this game comes across a lot better to me. It tells you the recipe clearly and easy to get the hang of.> The qwerty graphics are very nice and clean. They make the game have a unique feel depsite being a very similiar sandbox survival to RUST.> The game took me around 3 minutes to install with the download being next to none but the content relatively large.As this game is in Alpha and only just released hopefully some DEV's see this and can make improvements. These below are all points for improvement, they may be percieved as negative but considering how early this game is into development It is in its current stage very good.>Add more content - The game itself requires a real grind but when you have M4's and a car and so many resources there isn't anything to play for. I turned to raiding even though it goes against an earlier comment, I did because I could.>The map itself is relatively small for a sandbox survival, as soon as you hit the desert or far reaches of the polar biome which is surprisingly small you can go no further. The map in my opinion needs to be bigger and given actual towns and more biomes at least.>Expanding on a previous point and perhaps my most contraversial (R.I.P English) a bigger map would provide more space for vehicles and a stronger variety. Personally I would like to see Aeroplanes. I may be alone at this point but the idea of making a base with a runway or helipad appeals to me. Also a large map, travelling to other parts of an expansive map seems incredible.> I would like to see more animals and more threats. Sasquatches are not much of a threat and with an M4 easy to kill. Even a Yeti provides no challenge against 2 players with a gun or even a hunting bow. Perhaps add more animals such as lions etc. A big threat yet providing reward for people who kill them. Animals on any level would be appreciated.> My one complaint will be deer's... They attack you proving no threat whatsoever but Deer's would never attack a human I don't understand why they are so aggressive. Stupid but valid.In general I have spent around 25 hours on this game and have already enjoyed some great moments. I did run out of things to do but that can be expected in a game within such early stages. I am very excited to see what the DEV's do with this game and where they take it. I hope some people can agree with my aeroplanes point. Regardless lets just hope the devs stay active and add more variety to an already decent game."
,Recommended,393420,20460204,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,おまえ わ も しんでい,"After 2 or 3 weeks my friends convinced me to buy this game, it was worth every pennie. This game has lots of stuff to do and places to go, the building system is great, the guns are not too Op, ive beaten people that had guns with just my bow many times. Saddly the guns have no recoil and no (or very little) spread. I hope the best for this game as it could go far especially with the frequency of updates."
,Recommended,393420,20874822,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,wrothnathan321,needs better servers and more content overall a good game
,Recommended,393420,21649851,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,PimpMyRide CSGOROLL.COM,Great Game but you have to Play like 30 Minutes to REALLY start off in the Game and go to further Areasand gain higher tiered resources the Weather Effects like Sandstorm are pretty well made and very atmosphericsometimes you feel like a Wasteland Rebel :D and its also very relaxing to go in a fight cause you know you cant lose your gun
,Recommended,393420,20695180,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Crispy Nipples,-Joins server-Builds a basic base-Server full of chinese-5 chinese want to raid our base so camp outside for 2 HOURS-For the next 2 hours we play racist tunes while making fun of them-Attempt to take out the only guy who was still camping outside-He gets in and allows himself in our totem-We loose everything-R.I.P. Radio Racism-I become racist towards chinese people10 / 10 would become racist again
,Recommended,393420,20854324,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,xThePudii,"really nice game, some performance problems but its O.K"
,Recommended,393420,20667291,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ryan Dot Dot,"Teaches you how to build trust in one another, and murder anyone else otherwise. 10/10"
76561198116524997,Recommended,393420,20670476,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,✪MadMrJason,One of the best games I haver ever played.
,Not Recommended,393420,23972108,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,😡,"Rust's development and community interaction is amazing, I could see that the game was improving and changing every 2-4 weeks and the community continued to grow.  I can't say the same for Hurtworld, development seems quite shallow and the community is dwindling."
,Recommended,393420,19571771,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Kubilay'ın Elli Tonu,It's almost the same as Rust Legacy. I've played all of the major survival games out there and i can definetely say that this game is the best one amongst them. I hope they wont f... up the game by making it easier for the young players to enjoy(just like rust did) or adding microtransiction stuff...
,Recommended,393420,19596186,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dreyk,"Hurtworld is a masterpiece in Alpha. Started on a new server and immediately meet up with a guy I don't know. We start surviving together and end up using Teamspeak to communicate. We die multiple times but end up finding a blown out base with all of the equipment to get geared. While staying at this place a group come along and try to kill me, but they got rekt in the end. My new friend and I end up grabbing all of our stuff and heading out to the rich land of winter. While on our escapade we start freezing to death and with no materials to make a fire. In the distance we see a base with a fire and end up running there for our lives. These kind people cautiously let us in to huddle around their fire (Had dynamite ready to throw in if they did not let us in), and when the sun rose my new friend and I went off on our adventure. Our adventure led us to the mountains of winter, where we found a poor fellow who had hollowed out a base. My new friend seeing he had no roof jumped in and killed him. Our adventures now had gifted us with a new base that we've re-construced into a mega base. This game is great, and has only just begun in Alpha; I can't imagine what the developers will throw in next.TL;DR: Always put a roof on your house or a white guy will jump in and kill you."
,Recommended,393420,19526012,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Trexroufish,"Hurtworld is a very developed survival, open world, sandbox game with many things to create and build. Even though its early access it still has many things to do like, build vehicles, bases, weapons and raid people if you wanna do some pvp. There is a whole list of weapons and you dont need a blueprint to make them like rust does. You can even customize your vehicles which is a really cool feature in this game, Definetly worth the money and one of my favourite games at the moment.10/10"
,Recommended,393420,19650970,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jacko,The game is amazing i love it. If your a person who loves survival then this is the game to get
,Recommended,393420,19533162,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,High Fi2 #BIGSMOKE,Good.
,Recommended,393420,21044022,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Namb,"What a game, there is so many little things that make it so great."
76561198239954970,Recommended,393420,34361162,Posted: 19 August,all,MeDoN,For all the people who writes  the hate review some of you dont know how it was in the back days 2015/2016.It was a great game   until the community destroyed this game ..... You must belive in this game it will be become a good game  and dont be toxic or dont rage quit if you get killed...play on a low people server and have fun
,Recommended,393420,23627733,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,† ®WOLF™ †,"Amazing game! Play only with friends, don't belive anyone)"
,Recommended,393420,23896154,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,iTz_EaZy,"All these clowns leaving negative reviews is a joke. This is the best survival game in the genre and one of my favorites. Quit being salty when you die then leave a bad review. Crying isn't going to change the game, I used to run solo on a max populated server all the time and yes I died a lot but it makes you a smarter player. Being a little b****** is what ruins the game not others killing you."
,Recommended,393420,23618566,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,lionboytigerpants,"This game Is very realistic, I dont know another game that gives heatstrokes. It has so many enviromental effects. It has a wide variety of weapons that probably will continue to grow. It has vehicles and is getting new ones. There are a growing amount of creatures and there are many things to craft, heat up, and mess around with. It is a worldwide multiplayer game out in the open so playing with friends is a definite yes. The graphics are cartoony which add to how good the game runs.The game also includes many histerical things. If you like harcore multiplayer survival, this game is for you...."
,Recommended,393420,23626725,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Echo,very fun game
,Recommended,393420,23757268,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Telics,"this is such an underrated game, its basically a simplistic version of rust. its different biomes add the perfect variety and its definitely worth a try"
,Recommended,393420,23577727,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Greenspan,"Impressively Good for an Alpha game. It runs well, and haven't experienced any game breaking bugs. They have a good scheme for the Survival Genre, where you can hold on to your equipped items when you die but drop the loot in your bag; so if you die you don't have to start from scratch. I like it a lot and makes the game a lot more enjoyable than other Survival games (*cough* DayZ *cough*). It is one of the few Alphas I think is worth buying now. Biggest downside I'd say is the lack of players/community, but that's understandable for an Alpha, looking forward to seeing this game grow!"
,Recommended,393420,20279708,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DeLuXe,Good game.
,Recommended,393420,20303074,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TJ,"Met a mute man in the wilderness. We gathered wood for a fire together and huddled around it. Then the fire went out. I wondered if my companion was hinting that I had not contributed enough to the arrangement, so I added coal to the fire. Then the fire went out again. I wondered if my companion had stolen my coal from the fire, but no, it was still there, just extinguished. It was a cold night and I was close to death. I started the fire up again.A third time my companion put out the fire. I did not hesitate this time to stab him in the face with my spear. I was not going to freeze to death because he kept killing the fire.I looted his corpse and relit the fire.The fire went out again. I guess it was the wind.Sorry man."
,Recommended,393420,24829863,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Korva,"This is a great game, it was buggy before but now its alot better.If you play with friends its also 100% more enjoyable"
76561197971373756,Not Recommended,393420,28604820,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"This game isn't fun right now, but it might be fun in the future once it's more polished. Here are the top three reasons why I didn't think it was fun:1) At this stage in development, there are too many hackers/glitches and you won't realize it until it is too late to refund your purchase.2) The game mechanics are not clearly conveyed to the player.3) There are too few people who play this game. Even the most popular servers are less than half full most of the time.If you do decide to gamble your money on this. Here is some advice.-Play with friends (solo players are easy prey)-Avoid playing on servers that say ""Infini Wipe."" These servers never wipe, so you'll be going up against players with stockpiles of resources.-Start playing on a recently wiped server (you'll have a level playing field at least from a resource standpoint) \-If you play on the Aztec Warfare server, you need to record every second of your gameplay. The admins only take action against hackers if you have video evidence."
76561198096188989,Recommended,393420,19682590,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Fresh Water Simas,Best Hunting Simulator :)10/10
,Recommended,393420,24314675,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,dolaN,Super fun and addictive game! It's like rust but with a different style of graphics that being cartoon. The pvp is also super awesome because on a full loot server u can go from a bow and some clothes and arrows to a car fairly quickly. The devs are also awesome updating it all the time! I truly think this game has potential and I would rate it 10/10
76561197966468965,Recommended,393420,19713196,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,PsychoTortoise,Want to play Rust but your computer can't really handle it? Here ya go. It's Rust that will run on a potato. Potatorust.
,Recommended,393420,21016439,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,blancmont,Game is frustrating at first but after 30 minutes it's a good game
,Recommended,393420,20272508,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HalfADozen,10/10 guy called me a♥♥♥♥♥♥juggling ♥♥♥♥ bc i stole his iron
,Recommended,393420,20206203,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Benji,Story #1>Find friendly neighbors>One screams hunger games>They kill me>Run back>One screams katniss>kills me with bow>goes back like 4 more times>They let me join their clan for some reason :DStory #2>guy runs up to me>pulls out gun>robbed at gunpoint>makes me fight in an arena to the death>won a shotgunStory #3>Noob friend leaves doors open>Brazillians raid my crap>Discons>Reconnects and are outside my base yelling at me>trap them in house for 20 minutes>guy runs in and kills them>come back again> reorginize house to make it empty>let them have party in house>they all airhump me at once10/10 would let Brazillians in my Base Again
,Recommended,393420,19803147,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Kiwi <3,"In my opinion one of the best survival games around at this moment! It has a really nice community and the map, animations, tools etc have been well made. This is by far one of the best early access games out there!"
76561198245648598,Not Recommended,393420,22826406,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,卷了茶叶抽你飞不飞？,Totaly compeletly fukn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game ivh ever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with
,Recommended,393420,29035636,Posted: 5 January,all,KrokanteSpeler,Really nice game. But yeah you can see it stays in alpha xD
,Recommended,393420,19541422,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Butcher,Awesome alternative for people who cant run rust because of their low specs and want to play a game like that.Just remember to look at your settings and set them so that the game runs smoothly.
76561198072535872,Not Recommended,393420,23806532,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CC4P,"I waste 3 hours of searching minerals in snow and forest biome and i got resources succesfully and then i was coming back to my house and then quess what, someone killed me with ♥♥♥♥ing sniper rifle and then i lost all my items. And this game has literally only russians and koreans. This same thing can happen to you as well."
,Recommended,393420,23698509,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Navix,SICK GAME GET IT :)
,Recommended,393420,19683046,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JD,Really fun so far. I like the basic graphics as weird as that is. They understand the importance of the gameplay being solid. This is the only survival game Ive played where people dont kill on sight. They really figured it out with the notoriety thing
,Recommended,393420,19681519,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,wingzfan99,"Note -- Reviewing this game in it's preview release.Way more addictive and fun than it looks like it should be. The dynamics between players are awesome, with some jerks that run around and kill people and some that will work with you cooperatively to build, forage, eat, etc. Lots of potential.Devs, it would be nice if you could reclaim at least some materials when you destroy a structure like a stone wall. In reality you could reuse many of those materials."
,Recommended,393420,19535292,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,chkn.,cool beans
,Recommended,393420,19484819,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Aeox,"The admin on the EU server Mekki seemingly spawning in items for himself as he is running around on release with an assault rifle vs people with bows, died twice to Mekki with assault rifle when the game is fresh.Completely ruined my experience with the game.It also is described as a hardcore pvp game which it is certainly not, you keep your equipped items and weapons/tools if you dont kill people so you could be able to kill someone with a gun and not have that item drop._________________________Spencer  [developer] 3 minutes agoThe loot system is a configuration setting on the server, it has 4 modes including full loot. Its a fair statement that our official servers shouldn't all be set to infamy mode, I will spin up some full loot servers and see if the playerbase is there for them.As a side note, official servers are now highlighted in the server browser :)"
,Recommended,393420,23920110,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,★ Epic h1z1swap.com,Awesome!
,Recommended,393420,19488435,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,RODE_85,"Awesome game for sure. It is for sure a hardcore survival game. I love the graphics, gameplay, UI, map, creatures and so on. If you are into survival games, but hate dieing a LOT don't bother purchasing this game."
,Recommended,393420,19627397,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Aldo the Apache,"Aboriganals running around everywhere screaming ""MYYYY LAAANNDD ♥♥♥♥♥, YE YE""be carful those black fella's like to throw spears into your♥♥♥♥♥ and force you to sniff petrol. 10/10 would sniff again."
,Recommended,393420,20059499,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fr0ZoR,"The best survival game I have ever played, just launched a new server 10 minutes ago, I've realized that a lot of servers have admin abuse but only the community ones not the actual official servers, but the game it self I really do recommend for the people that love surviving games !! Join our new server : 158.69.226.43:13671 Name: NEW | Netflix&Chill | Active Admin's | US it is located in New York."
,Not Recommended,393420,23266966,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SAMEL AKMEL,so many hackers ~~~
,Not Recommended,393420,22803319,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Klesh,"I don't recommend this game at the current state...Servers are empty...NPC AI = o.OGame needs improvements.Pros-Cars-Graphics (if you like cartoonish graphics)-Runs very fastCons-Building system needs improvements-Survival system needs some tweaks (We die too fast from cold, sun or hunger)-Few players on servers-Few items to craftIf you find this game on a discount, and if they improve the game you should try and buy this, but right now there are other alternatives like Rust or Ark."
76561198082281970,Recommended,393420,19653828,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,//Fluffy,If you miss the old Rust this is the game for you!
76561198020088917,Recommended,393420,19716665,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Nick|Wild,"This is the best survival game Ive played so far. Pros: Realistic gameplay and it feels fun to learn the new tricks , discover the map, , etc.. Cons: only some lags."
,Recommended,393420,19489882,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Locien,BUY IT !
,Recommended,393420,20438927,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MrMagics21,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,393420,23990476,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,De Kubis,can hurtworld please get a singleplayer option i like to see that in the future
,Recommended,393420,19735263,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Puppy,"Pro's- The first thing that struck me when I first spawned in this World was the atmosphere I love the type of Mad Max Fallout 3 & 4 look which really looks Badass. The Graphics are spot on for a very early alpha, could use an update in the future when it is near done. The gameplay is as you would expect from an survival game you have your hatchet, to break down and collect wood and other materials. Your spear which is really awesome to have, to hunt animals such as Boars, Deer looking things and bunnies. Then you got your guns, you HAVE to craft your guns. You can't find them. You have your Shotgun one shot close up, your Bolt-Action Rifle long range sniper type weapon, then you got your Assault Rifle COD in a nutshell which is not bad to fend off raiders. Last but not least your base building which requires a lot of gathering and patchiness to make a whole base, it took me about 5 hours to build mine. It's quite fun and basic.Con's- In the beginning start out with half hunger, I praised for this tactic to not be used in any other survival game such as in “DayZ” where you start out hungry please don't, but food is easy to find there's that. Spawn place in one general location easy to die from new players or experienced players out there. There should be ways to get into people's doors, maybe a pick lock in a later update? You die very quickly from hypothermia or heatstroke depending where you are in the map. Yeti's are too hard to find and unless you have friends almost impossible to kill without a gun.8.5/10 Would get raided and killed again"
76561198044072989,Recommended,393420,23649757,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,beansbeenz,this game hurt my butt real bad. 10/10
,Recommended,393420,23657223,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mad_Motorist,"Последователь Rust. Игра ""сырая"", много недоработок, кривая система постройки, но вцелом неплохо. 7 из 10."
,Recommended,393420,21991542,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Inka,"Best game, yet no one seems to play it.All the idiots that play Dayz Should unstiall and get on this bad boy. Maybe a steam sale is needed."
,Not Recommended,393420,22802845,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ĥõĺý ķàppà #şàĺťý,wery bad-no humans-servers lagging-all in this game terrible-4/10
,Recommended,393420,19482515,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Duck★On★Quack!,pretty good for such early development :D.I will be writing oxide mods as more hooks come available.
,Recommended,393420,26851893,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Samiv -_-,Nice Survival Game to play with your friends4/5
,Recommended,393420,19959714,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,"ᴾᴾᴹ Sharp("")(-_-)("")Panda",Cool
,Recommended,393420,19484388,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,High Newn,"Edit: After 18 Hours of Playtime.What can I say about this new gem that has been brought upon us? Hurtworld is going to stay true to its name, this game will hurt you. After playing roughly 18 hours in one session I feel I am capable enough of giving a fair review after what I have experienced.PROS:The ""Progression System"" feels authentic. There's no fast tracking way to reaching the maximum potential right now. Everyone is capable of obtaining the same items no matter if you're a solo player or a group player, but obviously groups are superior on this.Crafting: The crafting system is easy to learn and with the items you receive/upgrade the benefits are shown easily.Vehicles: Having vehicles are a luxury and are not in any means easy to come across. The driving inputs are a little awkward and your car may get jammed randomly in objects but they are possible to unbudge and continue.Combat is fair and brutal: If someone gets the jump on you first, chances are you may go down unless your skills can suffice.Tools/Essentials kept on death: This is the only Non-Hardcore part I've found about hurtworld. Tools such as Hatchets/Bows/Guns/Pickaxes etc are kept upon death as long as they're binded to your toolbar.One last thing before we get to the Cons. SLEEPERS AREN'T IN THIS GAME! I've been stressing it since Rust about this issue. Having sleepers in a survival game kills the Solo/Duo community. People have lives, jobs, children and families, There is no way you as a Solo player are going to be able to establish yourself if there's no way of guaranting progress after you log off because some naked with a spear finds your body out in the wild. Thank you for removing this toxic mechanic.CONS:Hunger meter: Food is hard to come by even while hunting it seems like you're always hungry and need a bulk of food at all times.Day/Night cycles: Day and Night together run by too fast when playing, feels like you are getting prepared to go on a journey and right when you are about to leave it's nightfall.You will not build a base quick, It's difficult to especially as a solo player to establish yourself within your first session (2-4 hours) Luckily whatever's in your posession on logout will be retained due to having no Sleepers.Population Cap: Personally I believe it's still too low and should be increased to 100/200 per server, but this game's still new and chances will continue to be made.At the end of all of this, Do I recommend this game? Personally if you're a fan of survival titles and are sick of looking for your perfect match this is the perfect survival title in my opinion. It has every gritty aspect of grinding about in hopes of surviving every day. It's easy to catch on at the start and will keep beating you into the ground every minute you're playing. Even once you are comfortable with your living, you can go outside and get speared down by several players for your loot within seconds.9.5/10"
76561198150221267,Recommended,393420,23598715,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ROB,runescape is better
76561198090396249,Not Recommended,393420,25632300,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Mati,"At the moment is this game in very early development.If you want this game, so just wait until is middle of 2017.At the beginning its very funny after 100h playing time. The Content is already the same - no new map (no new districts)  You will be disapointed (atm!).So my opinion is: Just wait and stay up to date.The game is already pretty and really good. Its a beautiful landspace, comic graphic and got a lot of potential!Best Regards"
76561198220568961,Recommended,393420,19900326,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,elitekittenRAWR,It huts
,Not Recommended,393420,24332363,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Supreme Loek,"how is this game ♥♥♥♥ing mostly positive this is rubbish, it's nothing like what the trailer shows!"
,Recommended,393420,34540904,Posted: 27 August,all,Chow,Good to see a fun game like this compatible with MacOS!
,Recommended,393420,32483162,Posted: 16 June,all,Cpt.Snow,this game is a blast and definatly well worht the money. I hope that this game one day makes it big again because there are alot of mechanics in this game that force you to progress through the map and actually fight monsters.
76561198152744249,Not Recommended,393420,35277824,Posted: 28 September,all,DweeB,Man....Hurtworld such a good game so much promise ive had a good time but...i cant recommend it..heres whyPROSPretty good community ive met so many awesome people!Good artstyle maybe not as good as Rust but still goodFun for hours and hours and hoursA decent bit of contentCONSNot as much stuff to do in this then there is in RustIts buggy as heckThe next update completely changes the game for the worseThe map is huge but you never know where you areThe developers havent released an update in 2 years that isnt bug fixesThere are like no players in non asian serversCONCLUSIONGood game. cant recommend itRust would be a better deal $5 less and more content more players and probably a better experience.And no this is not a review saying that im a Rust fanboy. they are both good games they both have their ups and downs.
,Not Recommended,393420,23231630,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,thegooorooo,"Only 2 hours in, well I might have more but this game is hard to play for over 2 hours total. Total waste of time and money, their are much better games out there in this genre at the moment! Save your money, buy a Pizza instead."
76561198119350899,Recommended,393420,19512028,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ju Ju,"Love this Game so far.You do not lose tools or clothes on death.Base building is nice, things snap onto to each other, and can remove things.Vehicles !!!Servers have people on them.Rust-like with out the super clans taking over every day.Yettis !!!!!"
,Not Recommended,393420,23417940,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,and your mind breaks the spirit,"Okay Im just gonna put all my cons here.FREAKING CHINA PEOPLE ON A PACK KILLS YOU FOR NO REASON.CHINAS ARE ALWAYS ONUNFRIENDLY COMMUNITY. (SOME)YOU GET HYPERTHEMIA WHEN YOU START UP. (Come on dev's, atleast put it on day time.)UNFRIENDLY GUINO TUTORIALS. (Seriously? this are the basic's you need to have for your game. I do know there's guides and etc but there has to be a OFFICAL Tutorial.ProsBETTER SURVIVAL RATE WITH A PACK OF FRIENDS.THE BIRD."
,Recommended,393420,22806021,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vex,"It's fun, who those who wants to play H1Z1 or Rust but can't play this game cause your computer is too crappy, this is the game for you.It runs on my 3 years old MacBook Pro (Im using)I know Macs are terrible for gamming, well I just bought it for school so who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥But you can still play just fine if you lower all your settings."
,Recommended,393420,24539532,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Fablitos,"Very good game, after 180 hours steam, and more than 500 non steam, I bought the game, I do not regret."
,Recommended,393420,19626782,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,paiN,so much better than rust or any other survival game.
,Recommended,393420,23529781,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Psychotic$uicide,I bought the game when it was on sale and played it with some of my friends at first it was difficult because i had to get the hang of things but it honestly is like rust and really fun. Id recomend anyone that could run it and want to enjoy with friends buy this game. I hope my review is helpful
76561198296178808,Recommended,393420,26087490,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Stalin,nice game:getting raided is fustrating but nice cars nice interface just a nice game.
,Not Recommended,393420,23440365,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lt. Nasty Pants,"Like many other said, this game was fun at first. Now it is trash. I powered through the grind on my first server just because it was a new game, but now all it is is a grind. They took out the OP drills which were the only thing that made grinding worth it. Cars are next to imposible to find parts for, and once you do the driving sucks. Get Ark or something but stay away from this KOS knockoff."
,Recommended,393420,22784107,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vinerra,"Looking to get haunted by boars forever ? You are in right placePros:Simple and Easy to PlayNo Confusing MechanicsCars and more cars.What you can build is limited by your creativity.Simple Combat Feeling with all weapons.Custom Maps with All Kind of different themes.Animals ? They always want to hunt you ... always..Feeling of Different Biomes and Weathers(Blizzars,Sand Storms etc.)Full Mod support which ables to customize community servers.Cons:Lack of content about raiding system.Dont have much to do after you reach endgame.No rapid game updates.Needs work on weapon setback system."
,Recommended,393420,19696758,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Zombie-Slayer324,Spawned in. Chased a rabbit. Found an antelope. Died. Re spawned. Froze to death almost immediately. I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,393420,21680817,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,GreG,good game
,Not Recommended,393420,19663330,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TheTechWookie,"Once again, we have a survival game with great crafting, building, deep survival, and a terrible terrible community. Spawn, die, spawn, die, spawn, die. This is essentially the formula. The saving grace here that sets Hurtworld apart from Rust and H1Z1 is that you respawn with your tools and weapons you had when you died. This definitely helps, so you arent starting over from scratch every time. At the end of the day however, its simply another kill on sight, spawn and die, rinse and repeat survival game. The worst enemy, as always, are other players who simply do not care. Prepare to die over and over again. Inch a little further, and die again. If you are okay with this, go right ahead. If your'e sick of this formula as I am, sick of a game turning you and others into ruthless killing machines who kill other players and loot them for no reason, then move along. Nothing to see here."
76561198113364556,Recommended,393420,19557555,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,stealthclass,good solid foundations for an epic game very like rust but better system for progression is it worth 20 bucks well depends if you enjoy survival games and the grind to get a base going to lose it all to some ♥♥♥♥er with c4 but hey thats where you get the fear / thrill with more content and minor bug fixing will be a solid title gg devs
,Recommended,393420,19595719,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,rizky,AMAZING GAME!
76561198037292826,Recommended,393420,21319475,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ArmyDad85,"Despite still being in test and improvement mode, this game is incredibly addicting and fun. If you like Minecraft and other open world material-gathering and building games, this is a good change-of-pace. It's an unusual world and a little strange at first, but the raw materials for basic and advanced building are plentiful.Good graphics, dependable detection and collision with the environment and structures. Creative ideas abound.The Negative:1) This game needs a protective/out-of-play mode for new players who need some time before encountering all the hyperactive teenage players who kill you the minute you spawn. It makes the game instantly regretable if you can't even collect a stick without someone shooting you down.2) Don't switch servers a lot unless you like starting from scratch each time. Pick a local community server and stay with it until you get bored.3) Needs an accessible map within the game.4) Needs to be easier to understand for new players and have some material and creature information available."
,Recommended,393420,19640183,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,The Punisher,"Amazing game that runs well and has barely any flaws, don't think I'll return to Rust ever again. Really fun. :D"
76561197969091983,Recommended,393420,19720637,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,woodb,"So far I've really liked this game, definitely got my money's worth out of it. Devs seem pretty cool too, looking forward to what they might add in the futre."
,Recommended,393420,19988008,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sam,"This game is... This game is... SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL. \\ Similar to RUST //PROS- The game run perfeclty so well on HIGH and LOW computer spec. A laptop can do the job at 30 FPS approx.- All the system: Craft, loot, when you die you keep your tools, spawning, map area divided in 4 section I believe etc.- Graphic look's: Cartoon. I actually prefer this type of graphic instead of realistic stuff for these games.- The fact that you never know when a player/ or raiding group will trap you and destruct your work.- PLAYING WITH YOUR FRIENDS IS MAGICAL!- Low sized fil on your drive, approx: 1-2Gb.- Pretty easy to learn for anyone in a short period of time.- Choose your server = Choose your language and style of play. Intense PvP or survival stuff.CONS (More like things to work on and Idea)- When you use a bow, you can get back your arrow on the mob/wall or anything after shooting. Could be implemented!- Hard to find your friend, maybe implement a totem friend group thing or a compass friend thing or a group system.- Actually a map, crafting map, or something. **Not quite sur if an Item like that exist. I should double check**- Maybe delete the flying house and object flying system and create a ULTRA BUNKER thing that can't be destroy or something like that to prevent the flying stuff.- Create a GUILD/CREW system for PvPing player and give more importance with the totem (Ownership stake).SO, guys, you should totally take this game WITHOUT QUESTIONING if you are looking for a game to be played with FRIENDS. In solo, I think this game can be really frustrating but you meet and speak with a tone of player so keep in mind TO ACTIVATE AND DON'T BE SHY TO USE YOUR MICROPHONE or you'll get kill for no reason. Good luck guys and just give it a try and push your friends so they could play with you."
76561198203820107,Recommended,393420,19931088,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Hyper-Ball,Great game played for a few days with friends and managed to get top of the server raining bullets down on the people attacking us.Definately reccomended
76561198061465023,Recommended,393420,19893221,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Oberst,"Game is lacking some endgame content right now, but thats kinda obvious since it is in EA.The developers seem to be very active and communicative, so im very confident that this game is going places.Im having a blast right now and cant stop playing.I recommend playing it with some friends in a group for the full enjoyment tho.Go for it!"
76561198031018544,Recommended,393420,19890633,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Korgoth,"Honestly its one of those games you'll love to hate. Cruel, painful and not easy is in the name so don't expect to be playing minecraft on creative mode when you get this game. Do expect to be brutally murdered by some random naked guy with a gun over and over and over again. Honestly, the only game where I took in consideration where, when and for how long to keep a fire so that I can survive both from the cold and more importantly not advistise myself as an easy prey. Casual gaming isn't one of the tags so ignore the creative mode babies and get the game so that naked guy has someone else to kill other than me."
,Recommended,393420,21263791,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,weimy,1/10 Needs an Autorun Key Bind.
,Not Recommended,393420,19784196,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,[SGN] 🎃xymoron,"Needs lots of work, servers are all full 24/7."
,Recommended,393420,26251706,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lethal-chan ^_^,"Hey, thats pretty good!"
,Not Recommended,393420,21214026,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Wulfie,Have all the minium requirement's but still get only 10-15 fps on lowest settings.Thank god for refunds.
,Recommended,393420,20022646,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mr. DJ Poot Mann,started gamemet guy in huge basehe protected mewas by a campfire one nightbunch of noobs come to stayall of us gathered stuffbuild basecontinued with noob armynow 10+ noobs all in one housewinning at this game..Priceless
,Recommended,393420,20162904,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CR∑∑KS ✄ CHPPED,"found a really nice guy that gave me some items, helped him build his base, then startedd building my own, his friends came arround, killed and took all my items, so i took everything the nice guy had, his house, his weapons, his mats.great game!"
76561198261163981,Recommended,393420,21500998,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Maankalf,it is not that different from all the other survival games but the style tho. i luv it
76561198168417705,Recommended,393420,19807869,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Jeff Kaplan,i like it
,Recommended,393420,20226477,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Сын Шлюхи,♥♥♥♥♥♥ON BOXES 10/10
,Recommended,393420,19734820,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,RedAssassin,"All i have to say... PURE FUN! I can play with my friends for ever. We keep getting better and better. There are some things that may be fixed, but holy **** this game its amazing."
,Recommended,393420,20542909,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Buccinch,Best game ever
,Recommended,393420,20620421,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ＩＡＭＴＨＥＬＯＲＤ,"6:30 PM - Arteezy: yo bro6:30 PM - Arteezy: sorry6:31 PM - Arteezy: like honestly6:31 PM - Kingsunnys: go ♥♥♥♥ing commit suicide you gay m,other ♥♥♥♥er"
76561198079392053,Recommended,393420,19888813,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,noodleez,"This game is looking really promising so far,and has quite alot of features for it's current alpha state. There are some obvious glitches that need to be changed like the wildlife running through buildings and stuff,but it's expected.It's really fun,but it's quite hard to solo,since the community is not very friendly,and will very likely kill you on sight. Nontheless,great game to play with active friends. Keep up the good work,guys! :DEDIT : Stole an Owrong. Got chased down by 4 dudes with guns and bows. 10/10"
,Recommended,393420,19643806,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Funderberker,
,Recommended,393420,20789232,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Antonio ZasralRaz,are you get to this game a workshop or dlcs or something
76561198089624278,Recommended,393420,19826541,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,VolkY,You can f**k the workbench   99.69/10 Awesome game!!!
,Recommended,393420,20032769,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Archaeix,"A group of 7 Russian men ran to me yelling ""For Mother Russia!""They proceeded to probe my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with their spears while their leader played some Russian folk song through his microphone.All in all, it wasn't that bad. Solid 9/10, only because they didn't use lube."
,Not Recommended,393420,19708281,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Akvinus,"Awesome game, I definently recommend this game. And one more thing DEVs good job, just keep it that way.EDIT:NOT."
,Recommended,393420,19983469,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dr_Garlics,300 Mb game with a lot of contents to enjoy. Best survival game I've ever played.
76561198052779756,Recommended,393420,21757160,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Da-fuzz-man,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393420,19558851,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,smegly,9:00 PM - ChaosKK: an hour9:00 PM - ChaosKK: 1. i learned the game9:00 PM - ChaosKK: 2. made a friend named mantub9:00 PM - ChaosKK: 3. mantub went out for food9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 4. i got captured by 3 husky men9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 5. i get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 6. mantub comes to my rescue while im getting executed9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 7. mantub takes arrow for me9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 8. i get shot right after9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 9. mantub gets captured9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 10. im waiting outside to save him9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 11. 4 guys in 2 cars roll in9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 12. they blow a hole in the wall9:01 PM - ChaosKK: 13. thye go in guns blazing9:02 PM - ChaosKK: 14. i wait it out whilst they look for me9:02 PM - ChaosKK: 15. i remain in hiding9:02 PM - ChaosKK: 16. i die of hypothermia while yelling at them and flipping them off9:02 PM - ChaosKK: 17. i come back to it to give mantub a proper burial9:02 PM - ChaosKK: 18. i get my♥♥♥♥♥♥back9:02 PM - ChaosKK: 19. i go adventure9:02 PM - ChaosKK: 20. i realize im dying of hypothermia again9:03 PM - ChaosKK: 21. i ran out of material to make a fire9:03 PM - ChaosKK: 22. i find a player to give my stuff to9:03 PM - ChaosKK: 23. with my final breath i hump his leg as he strokes my mullet and calls me beautiful9:03 PM - ChaosKK: 10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥then become a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,393420,24096096,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TheValkyri3,Needs more complexity and development. I'll definentaly play more once the development goes further. Really needs the ability to password protect a server.
76561198143711363,Recommended,393420,20082887,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,long tape,"I love playing with my friends, but its really laggy even thouth i have a good pc"
,Recommended,393420,20101543,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,некоторый рыцарь,Died of heat In the middle of the night 20 ft. Away from a fire 10/10
,Recommended,393420,20906381,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Julian,They told me it was owrong but it was so owright
,Not Recommended,393420,26277523,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MAC,"The worst survival game ive ever played, and i have played alot of them.Everything in the game such as crafting and fighting has been done better by other games, its also too expensive for what it is, But thats not why im giving it thumbs down. The game is filled with hackers, I played on the most populer servers and I was killed non stop by cheaters every day. This isnt exaxly the developers fault of course, but I cant recomend it unless you enjoy looting for hours, building a base, and then losing it all in secounds from somone with a aimbot."
76561197993727252,Recommended,393420,19893188,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,xXx.NiKKi.N1GHTM4R3.xXx,Don't trust the Chinese
76561198053616856,Not Recommended,393420,23843698,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,THE KIZZLER,Pros:Casual FPS survival experianceCarsCons:Auth Erros prevent playing for hours at a time.Devs release good teasers for content yet no new content has been released.No support for ingame issuesno real bug fixesThe long and short is the game promises much but brings little to the table if you want a good survival crafting game get rust or ark instead
76561198044721197,Recommended,393420,19623981,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,M3R,"This game is amazing! You might have seen people talk about the game being related to many well know games such as rust, arc, and borderlands for the artstyle. Honestly, this game is very fun and has a lot of content to do as soon as you spawn. I have played 92 minutes ( at the time of writing this review) and have yet to build a base because of all the content before hand.  The game runs very smoothly and is well optimized. The artwork is beautiful and so is the animations. This game is truely a hardcore survival game. Almost every creature in the game is out to hunt you. They also come to your gunshots. You always need a supply of food and heat or you will die quickly unlike rust where you eat one steak and lasts about 2 hours. xD You also do not loose gear on death unless you have infamy. A new system they have introduced, you can learn about it on the store page. Even though this is an early access game, there is many graphical settings to mess around with. I totally recommend people getting this game. I also have not encountered any bugs/glitching in the game. Now this game's survival in terms of people is a lot like rust. You almost always encounter someone trying to kill you, but hey, all the more reason to get a base going and some gear. :P Anywho, I recommend anyone who is considering this game, it's well done and has a lot of potential! If this review still hasn't gotten you convinced, then you can go to youtube and look at some gameplay on the game. The base building (even though i have not gotten to the point of building one) seems very polished and very easy like rust's. Building a base is key to survival in this game and will help you keep protected from the enviroment and other people unless they want to raid you which is a possible thing since there is C4 in the game.  Sorry for the lengthy review, but like this review, the game has a decent amount of content."
,Recommended,393420,20030055,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TabzWare | CheaterGang,Great for a crew but if your solo dont expect to get too far. 9/10 Would buy again
,Recommended,393420,19795725,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,h3master101,This game is what Rust should have continued to be like. Rust Legacy was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. This is that game.
,Recommended,393420,19790455,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,I need a life,"This game,is recommened for you....People might say it's like rust with cartoon to it,it is....But the game is a hole lot better plus,the game is not to demanding.People are friendly,the community is great and there's so much to do...I recommend this game to the people,who has some money,and spend the money on the game and maybe for your friend.When you have a friend,it's a hole lot better experience :D"
,Not Recommended,393420,19768684,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,✪ JustyleR,"The game had alot of potential but the devs ♥♥♥♥ed up..They are only releasing dev blog stuff where they post images and information about the ""cool stuff"" they are working on but actually they never release any updates to add the stuff.At the start you will have alof of fun but after 10-30 hours you will get pretty boring and just quit because the devs never add new stuff to keep you playing (like rust).The game is not that bad but i don't really recommend it because of the lack of updates."
76561198049030444,Not Recommended,393420,19787256,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,uh uh,why cant i punch the trees
76561198003311845,Recommended,393420,20521608,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Wiggy81,"As someone who has just started playing this game not that long ago, I have to say that this game is fantastic!Gather resources, make weapons, ammo, buildings, clothing and useable appliences for your house/base and even make vehicles (providing you find all the parts you need). Once you get established in the world then it's completely up to you as to what you do next. Imagine Minecraft mixed with Elder Scrolls mixed with Call of duty and that's kind of what this game is.Well worth the money and as the game is still being added to, you never know what's around the corner :)"
,Recommended,393420,23465881,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,reedy2k93,"EDIT: i have already gave this game a review but i done it to early in the game having only spent a few hours ih gaime. i shoud update it, i think its way to hard for new players but once you get into it you will have a blast, but sometimes i can get annoyed as iv spent  1 hour getting stuff then to be killed my someone for no reason, overall i would give this game 6/10 as it needs more work.i am in to these type of games i enjoy roaming around and colecting things to craft, but all i seem to be doing is colecting wood and flints making a fire (sometimes fail) and get killed by another player for no reson then respawn and the cycle starts over again. its very boring im always getting killed by others, im unarmed but still im seen as a threat.i would ot recommend the game."
,Recommended,393420,20289777,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,shaggie82,fun as heck must play
,Recommended,393420,20139293,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ablert,Picked up sticks and stonesGot shot by guy with more stick and stone8/8 would r8 again
76561198108188805,Not Recommended,393420,21973298,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,cd,Poor optimization and needs more content. Should have released the game later on.
,Not Recommended,393420,23604294,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DrewAndYouKnowit,Resources were scarce just like the updates. I'm led to believe the scarcity of the resources were intended to be an artificial block so the player does not realize there is no content.
76561198129893145,Recommended,393420,25892089,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jowers SG,"its an imersive game, good art style and unique gameplay. will keep you hooked for hours however i dont feel like its able to keeped you hooked for much longer either way good game. looking forward to full game release"
,Recommended,393420,33104941,Posted: 1 July,all,"][_,ysY. csgo7.com csgo500",Good GAME buy iT.....
,Recommended,393420,19654938,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Firewolf,:U
,Recommended,393420,19824095,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Lusado,"Great devs, responded to my emails and helped me get the game working. Also a great game"
,Recommended,393420,19758030,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,+Ninja+,.
,Recommended,393420,22811414,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Herogus3xD,good game
,Recommended,393420,19581241,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,kahoRi,!
76561198067250524,Recommended,393420,20739538,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ZtM,"I played two hour of this and I felt I was doing ok, then two mexicans with shotguns broke into my house killed me, removed my spawn and destroyed my base.10/10 voting for trump we need a wall to stop mexicans raid me again."
,Recommended,393420,19705860,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,BiggerBoot,Its gud
76561198062091008,Recommended,393420,19532486,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rutche,This game is.... So fantastic i give 155 billion thumbs up i mean bambis chasing you who dosent like that?
,Recommended,393420,19642819,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ben Garrison,STRAYA SIMULATOR
,Recommended,393420,19946812,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Suh Dude✌️ @Trading@,"This game is actuly so good!, but it needs:Minable treesmore guns (pistols, smgs)car(APC, ute with 6+ seats)*on some buggies atachable turret with limited rounds per clip*breakable parts on carsmore ways of mining oreshatchetable wallswing suit or glider to go from rock to rock but with no ablility for guns to be shot fromBuiling- windows, stairs, when u use lights or camp fires light cant seep thoughchangable 3rd person view (overright shoulder)reduced infamy timestourch or mining helmat***make it so animals cant run though the dome walls******Make all loot accesable with parkour or ramps ect***when chating to people have their name come up so u can see who is talkingin the loot lockers when it is almost full have random junking there too make it look full or according..some ores to only be mined with certain pickssprak paint, with a way pf gettign off( teratory marking)wallls(other than ones that can be built)sombody to pay me for giving the devs the ideas of what the players want to seeafter all that i do recoment this game !!! its so much fun the player base is great and i had a 6 man clan 5 mins into the game!!!!!"
,Recommended,393420,20129344,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,happy.,YES YES great a game great a clan fuond GFG
76561198084285625,Recommended,393420,20323544,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,RedCheetah,this game is good for you guys that go camping or have a fear of an apcolypes so i recommnend it
76561198263568169,Recommended,393420,23681563,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/frostaygaming,Fun game
,Recommended,393420,19644183,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Sevigor,"To be honest, this game has a lot of potential. But, it definitly needs a lot of work. There isnt a lot of replayability right now. Building a house is hard, there are hackers, there's hardly any clay so making a totem is very difficult. Starting out in this game is not easy at all.I really enjoy the building in this game and how you get a ""square"" if you're able to claim it. But it still needs work. There isnt much in the way of customization for building bases.My only issue is that the guns and vehicals have way too much of a DayZ vibe. Which i'm not a fan of.PS: The environment will kill you. It's pretty hard to stay alive."
,Recommended,393420,19672607,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,black.,"Pretty fun game, but the thing is.. Add a map. I'd like to find my friends quicker. It took me 3 hours to find my friend in a server.."
,Recommended,393420,19792668,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Maviard IV,"Its a blast. Its basicaly Rust for people who dont want have to worry about their base getting raided after a day or two of being offline. Highly recommended for those who dont have time to play a survival game like a 2nd job,  yet want that hardcore survival pvp with base building."
76561198002857861,Recommended,393420,19603969,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,svaTa,"As a former RUST enthusiast who got dissapointed from the design direction Garry was taking RUST, I must say HURTWORLD is the RUST I wanted.PRO's compared to RUSTNo Blueprint grinding, more of a minecraftian game progress.Stealth gameplay is much better, you can actually hear others around you.Weapons feel great.PVESurvival is unavoidable and everything kills. Even the endgame characters need to hunt for food.You don't completely lose your progress if you die. Easier for the mind."
,Recommended,393420,19978439,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Xuav45,"Me and a friend find each other after collecting resources, we start making a house on a mountain rock and some random ask so join us so we say yes. After a while he brings someone to our base saying he has stuff to trade. The guy who said he'll trade shoots us dead.10/10 would hunt him down again with spears"
,Recommended,393420,19753526,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Speculator,"Hurtworld reviewI recommend this game. It looks bare bones now but you can have lots of fun. Game runs smooth with few glitches now and then, that are not game braking."
76561198171504498,Recommended,393420,19886145,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fresh,yes
76561198074898708,Recommended,393420,19656534,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,PLEASURE,Not bad Not bad at all.
,Recommended,393420,24701469,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Captain,"spawn - die of hungerspawn again - get spear, get food, freeze to deathspawn again - get food, make clothes, get killed by boarspawn again - get food, make clothes, kill boar, die from player with rifleIn other words, mint game"
,Recommended,393420,19611360,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Wetsz,Met AdamAdam DiedRIP in peas
,Recommended,393420,19654319,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,It's okay.
,Recommended,393420,19827587,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Cattrickery,"Its called HURTworld if u cant handle getting hurt then its not for u but, if u can handle the beaten down in the begining i promise it does get better haha there are some bugs here and there and need to b fixed such as the driveing>.> ugh dont get me started but this game has alot of potential:D"
,Not Recommended,393420,23257346,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,[]Purge[]✪Mattia,"just liek the walking dead its over runned by brain dead ppl (russians,polish ppl)"
,Recommended,393420,19509986,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Twintwine,"This game runs beautifully and I really like the atmosphere and artstyle. In a lot of ways this game feels more fleshed out and complete than rust. Definitely recommended to any fans of rust, minecraft, or any game in the multiplayer survival genre!It also runs on just about anything. Even my macbook can run this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,393420,19510615,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ash Bit,"This game runs well and is incredibly fun for being early access. Unlike the countless other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early access games, this one has quite a bit of content immediately which is really nice. Definitely excited to see how this game evolves. 420/69 would meme again"
,Not Recommended,393420,23972085,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,a nice birdie,"If I wrote this review into my first 20 hours or so in this game, I would totally recommend it. I had plenty of friends to play with, so I had quite a bit of fun. But after a while, It just got dull. I wish there were more frequent updates, and if there were I would recommend it, but for now, I would only play it if you have some extra cash."
,Recommended,393420,22813011,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Foxbeep,"I haven't played all that much of this game yet but it has been a somewhat engaging experience.That being said, I do enjoy some of the aspects of gameplay and community, although these enjoyable aspects are easily found in modded Minecraft, a game everyone on the planet already owns.The maps need to be a little smaller, as well, or transportation needs to be easier to acquire in some capacity.All in all its a game with great potential waiting to be fleshed out"
,Recommended,393420,23466146,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MrWhiteAngel,"lovely game , I enjoyed playing it with my friends , We didnt face issues bags and other things as a survivle it needs a lot of skills and abilities of thinking and taking the right action ."
,Recommended,393420,24455871,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Marius,"I love this game because of how fast it is to start. Sure there is the phase inwhich tou have to kill animals with a spear which is the hardest thing since dark souls. After that its super easy to get far with a couple of friends and three or four hours. Not only is it a fast starting game it is very addicting, I find my self playing this for hours on end. If you tend to like simple survival games then this is a game for you, food is easily obtained, hydration is not a problem, and base making is super simle and fun."
76561198283778606,Recommended,393420,23701692,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,spoder guy,"AWESOME GAME !!! I'm very exited about the update content, that said.. there have been very few updates. Sadly, I find it difficult to load the game too. I would recommend it on hopes that the updates and loading issues are fixed. Though I have no way of knowing when that will be."
76561198119587935,Recommended,393420,23619849,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,rob,"Such a great game, keep up the good work!(this is a very fun game if you have a team/friends to play with)"
,Recommended,393420,22388152,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,rggbnnnnn,"Even though it is your typical indie survival game in Early Access, it's probably the best one out of all of them. Devs are active and the game is fun with little bugs and is actually really smooth. It's so much fun to play with friends. Pick it up!"
,Recommended,393420,22484670,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Warham,Ok Wow! Best $25 ever spent. First off the game has so much work being added. I have played this game with my friends for the best experince and its hella fun. Yeah sure its buggy and all but let me list all the pros and cons.PROS-Lots to do-Hard to raid which makes raiding more fun-CARS are just cool in a surivival game-Easy building-Takes a while to get end game content-Fun-Balanced Welly-Farming OrangesCONS-Can make you rage hard-BuggyBUGS-Instantly dieing instantly from fall damage while crouching-Rubberbanding sometimes (Fix by jumping)-Running someone over and going 9000 miles in the sky and dieing from radiation (This barly Happens)
76561198120414560,Recommended,393420,19670245,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Yellow Scrubmarine,"This game just gets better, with every new update comes new things which make the game so much better.1000000000/10 (Honestly)"
,Recommended,393420,20159691,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,HedgeHog,"Started as a fun little game where you run around bashing people's faces in with hatchets.After a while, some of my friends and I decided to make a base.Then we all grinded resources for a couple of days for guns and parts to make a car.We got guns.We made a car.Found a guy named Dr. Dre, who had many slaves, and captured everyone who joined the server and made them work for him.We raided him and killed tons and tons of his servants.Then my friend killed him with a bolt action.An epic battle occurred where we killed tons upon tons of little slave people and Dr. Dre until we finally died.Then we got bored.So, we drove around in our car and took all of our guns and just ran around killing everyone on sight.Eventually we died and we just left the server.TL:DR: Spent a week getting resources with my friends to make guns and a car, then wasted it all.10/10, would grind resources again."
76561198253242434,Recommended,393420,20064249,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,neato,this game is the dankest of memes
,Recommended,393420,20144291,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[Twice] MoltenFuzzy,"WE GOT A TOWN GOING ON AND ITS FUN AS ♥♥♥♥ 10/10 BUT AFTER THE SERVER HOST SWITCH 8/10 BECAUSE THE RUBBERBANDING IS INSANE, BUT OVERALL EXTREMELY FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS AND IF YOU DONT HAVE ANY YOU CAN MAKE THEM!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,393420,19820350,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Bogdanakm321,"Very good for a Early Acces game , no crash ,  and it's lots of fun , you should try it."
76561198072517958,Recommended,393420,19553682,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,imober,9/10 worth getting
,Recommended,393420,19728407,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,FLVCKO,PRO:-This game is awesome. Especially for those who loved Rust legacy and the new Rust.-The community is friendly and helpfull which i dont see so often in other games.-I got straight 60 fps on the highst settings and i dont have the best PC. That makes it probably playable for everyone.-Surviving is hard and that makes it for me to an interesting gameCON:-What makes me sad about this game are the cheaters. There are too much of them and they make it so hard for you to have fun in this game.-Its sometimes buggy but thats not annoying at all.Dont forget it is a new game in early access and everything can be changed. And i am sure they will add a good Anti-Cheat System and try to improve the game. All in all if u are new into this game just start  with a server that hasnt so much player to learn everything about this game and there are mostly no cheaters.
76561198089013810,Recommended,393420,19696650,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jack,F O D A
,Recommended,393420,21067348,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Metal Face Terrorist,Left me butthurt and hiding in my base.
76561198305605537,Recommended,393420,33120266,Posted: 2 July,all,Fuxzy,Today I bought a dead game but I personaly like it cuz there is alot of friendly and good people who will help if you are new so I like players  I play it on low with low resolution but I still enjoy it thumbs up for this game
,Recommended,393420,28212116,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DentMasterson,this game is fun but really farmy but overall a great game!!
,Not Recommended,393420,28689798,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bamrak,"Another game with such potential, that failed to stop hackers, DDoS, and various other crappy elements. I played it on release and had so much fun.. I see lots of updates but every time I try it, it feels like the same thing except tired and old."
,Recommended,393420,28097531,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ya boi freddi,Hurtworld GuideStep 1: Listen to any badass music (I recommend Coyote Kisses - Six Shooter)Step 2: Drive a vehicle (Preferably a Roach)Step 3: Drive across the red desertStep 4 : Profit?
,Recommended,393420,27970841,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kiwadian,"What a great game, Never had a huge following, but with the help of a few YouTubers this game is on the cusp of taking off to be an amazing game,fun for all ages :D"
76561198204605977,Recommended,393420,19538664,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dev-Dude-Tyler,"This Game Is Great!, It has a feel and look like rust but It plays way betterGoods-Beautiful TF2 Style Setting-Nice people who welcome you to the game-Nice crafting,health,hunger,and tempeture system-Cars And Stuff!-10/10Buy It"
,Recommended,393420,19547503,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Trill Pineapple,There are two things in life.1. Hurtworld2. things that prevent you from playing hurtworld
,Recommended,393420,19659382,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,The Monster Gamer,"PART 1So this is what happened to me in the past 14 hours I've played.The first thing I do is join a server all servers were full so I decided to join a chinease server I spawn get loot soon build a small hut. Then after an hour I want to adventure i adventure into the pine tree biome. (I don't know the name of it) When I get there I meet this friendly man it seemed he only muttered small english words like come, stay, eat, etc. very small words but I soon trust him he takes me into his house and then I see it's unfinished, so I say I can help you and he swears some words into his mic (Of some other language) that I don't understand. He then screams and yells and pulls a bow out I soon panic and run around his base he then catches up to me and says bye *psh* I'm struck by  an arrow in the head..In anger I rage quit.PART 2I then go on to a sydney server I spawn gather wood and flint made a flint axe I then run into a fellow player he doesn't talk I continue to communicate to him no voice or typing I then stab him to dead and laugh at the ragdoll effect. *Psh*a arrow misses me by very very little and I see it fly by my face. I then zig zag like I'm crazy go up to where the guy was shooting. I then scream ""Hahaha you suck♥♥♥♥♥at shooting dude"" he looks at me. We stare for moments then he puts his head down and said he was using me as target practice we then chat I say do you want to join my army he denies and says ""I'm in a clan"" I then ask to join he says you have to talk to my leader HITLER....I then follow him to his base we meet the mighty australian hitler and I join his clan. We then have nice adventures togethe we made houses for noobs with materials WE gathered nobody else's. We build the houses befriend many people. Then the man danny comes on I notice he has a rifle..A very shiny rifle my eyes widen I'm shocked to see someone with a gun of such beauty. We talk then go on a mining trip to the snow to get materials (10-20 minute walk from our base). We go back then a man aproaches us and says ""Do you guys have iron"" the mans name was Divine he was with a man that's name broke my ears...BARRY!!! The same man I killed in the beggining. I hold my mighty spear Galiothe up in the air I then swear at the gentlmen and danny replied to them ""Yeah we have some do you want to trade"" they say yes We ask of the red ore (I forget it's name) but we agreed two stacks for 150 iron. (Yes I know very stupid not asking for a specific number but we needed the ore) He agrees then says he'll be back in 15 minutes he messeges me ""I want this to guy by smooth! No shady♥♥♥♥♥♥and we do it in an open field nobody on the hillside no weapons"" I agree he comes back we go in the open field and I drop the iron and barry drops the ore...I then hear divine yell ""RUN BARRY RUUUUN"" I look in my inventory and see we only got SIX green ore. I pull out my bow and start shooting I yell to the others ""COME HERE NOW"" they come ask what happen and I say in a mad voice ""Nothing.."" I then hand the ore to danny he takes it. Hitler keeps asking ""What happened dude what happened did we get the stuff"" I say ""Ask danny"". We then go out for materials I go for wood danny stays home and hitler hunts. I go on a killing spree and kill 3 nakeds when I got back I tried opening the door. It was locked....I wondered how could it be locked and I yell many times ""Danny, danny, let me in dude let me the ♥♥♥♥ in!!!"" He opens the door I say thanks dude I notice in slow motion in my mind danny has his rifle out..I then look at him *BAM* I'm shot in the balls and have fallin on my back. I yell into the mic ""why danny whyyyy?!?!?!?!?"" *BAM* another gunshot goes and I respawn. Hitler goes back to the base after hunting and tries to open the door he danny opens the door then *BAM* it says in chat that hitlers been killed by danny in shock I rage. I run to the house and hitler comes with another guy we try to break the wall down we spent 10 minutes trying. (you can't break the walls) We soon give up and move into one of the houses we built for the noobs.PART 3After protesting at danny's new home (our old one) for an hour we then choose to build up our base to the max and get C4 to blow up our old house. After gathering I soon go to bed. When I wake up I turn on my computer and play Hurtworld hitlers still up by drinking red bull for the past 6 hours I've been sleep. I spawn in where I last was here shouting. 4 dudes were outside our house they were yelling at us. I go back in the house to get my arrows then one rushes in while i opened the door I close it and say ""Get out dude"" he refuses and keeps running in circles he kills hitler. Hitler before he died accidently took the ownership claim out. We 1v1 each other then it ends like my previous server. A arrow to the face. I spawn at regular spawn run to the old base then I see it's gone because they guy must of deleted it and took all our loot..I cared but didn't care hitler then goes off to the snow then builds..not telling where we built but while he was over there I was chilling with danny he makes me a Rifle such as his the beauty it was. I still have it at the time of me writing this. But we soon became friends with danny again and we chill with each other now.END (Tells the score this game got)This is by far the best survival game to me out there. You can do so much and chill with people at the campfire people will just come up and be like can I be here and warm up. This game has brought non stop joy and fun to me for the past 14 hours I've played so far this game is a amazing 10/10 game and runs so smoothly no frame rate drops amazing performance and overall an actual hardcore survival game I do refer this to many other players buy it now while it's on sale but it's definietly worth it's retail price."
,Recommended,393420,19654573,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Pure_Distilled_Edge,"yep, if you have already seen gameplay of this game i probably dont need to tell you how cool and worth the price it is...but if you havent you sohuld really consider buying it, you wont be dissapointed"
,Recommended,393420,19531621,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Elektr1kz,"This game, especially for where it is at the time of my review, is pretty great.It has vehicles, a decent building system, the combat feels good, and the animations look great!My only complaints are that this game does not have sleepers. Some will like that it doesn't, but I for one don't like it. There's no ""risk"" when you log out which really is what makes these games fun. When you die, you don't lose your tools, you just lose your resources. The only way for you to lose your tools is to be ""infamous."" This game is attempting to solve the KOS issue in most survival games by incorporating this infamous system. If you kill someone ( even in self defense, which is an issue) you become infamous and can then lose ALL of your gear. So, you have to think twice before you kill someone if you've spent a lot of time upgrading your tools. BUT, it still doesn't stop the person that killed you from just logging off... which is more annoying than anything since there are no sleepers.Regardless though, I love being able to spawn with all of my tools so you can get right back in the mix, but at the same time, the consequences for dying aren't near as dire, which can hurt the immersion.It also needs some ambient sound!!!!!But, for right now, I'm having a blast. I forgot to eat while playing this game. Looking forward to dig in more! Highly reccomended.  Can't wait to go vehicle raiding!"
,Recommended,393420,22890407,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Andrew102,"Pros.Uses EAC ""Easy Anti Cheat"" Which is a very good Anti-Cheat to combat hackers.Vehicles, hardly any other survival games have vehicles especailly motor bikes and buggys..Like Rust Legacy but updates and less hackers.Very fun with friends.Good crafting system in my opinion.Not too bad with player population wise on half the servers.PVP and PVE aspects to the game.Really fun Driving especially with Jeeps..Cool weather like windstorms and rain, not that many other survival games have weather.Cons.The price at the moment is a bit too expense for some people especially considering it is Early Access..Slight FPS Lag if you have a big base. With me normally 50 FPS and can go down to 25 in a base if it is big.Devs are horrible there hasn't been any updates in ages. They have so much money from this game and they have about 5-6 Devs working on the game and updates are so slow. There hasn't been any proper updates in like a year. There has only been a few bug fixes..I heard there is a few exploits like getting into people's bases but I hope they will be fixed.Overall well worth it in my opinion. It is definately one of the best survival games I have played, Reminds me of Rust Legacy but I think this might be slightly better in my opinion :) But the Devs need to get on to it. I know games like Hide and Hold out and there is only 1 Dev working on it and they have faster updates than this game. This game has like 5-6 Devs."
76561198138266240,Recommended,393420,22908600,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Can't Believe You've Done This,PLEASE!! Please add single player the game is good but single player would make it better.
76561198085796497,Recommended,393420,19526350,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,★,"Best game ever!! love it!! collet resources for about 3-4 hours, then start building a small house, put a workbench next to the wall, open the door, get stuck between the wall and workbench, body glitch out to the map and die. 10/10 But still is a really FUN GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,393420,19644470,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,PINK SCRUBS,"Not worth $24.99, only got it cause its on sale lmao"
,Recommended,393420,19493019,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sleepyllama,"Abosutely reccomend this game to any fan of the survival genre.Progression of the game is steady and smooth, graphics are beautiful, and it runs great.But my favorite par of the whole experience so far, are the Developers. They've been so active with the community and have good judgement on what come first when it comes to creating this game. 10/10"
76561198213628912,Recommended,393420,24139187,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pyaany Scorvviel,Great survival game. One of my favourite that I've ever played. 9/10!
,Recommended,393420,27706123,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[TX] Hefty,"Without a doubt the best Early Access game I've ever played! It runs smoothly, the features all work well, and they put a lot of consideration into the player experience. Every change they have made during the development has been a positive one. I've hosted my own server a couple times and it's always fun to influence the way the game can be played with just a few plugins. I highly recommend you get this game, and sink a few hundred hours in it."
76561197988470183,Not Recommended,393420,23606302,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nosaddict,"After playing this for 80 hrs I cannot recommend this game in it's current state and haven't much hope for it in the future either. I have currently ran into a problem connecting to the server I have put over 50 hrs in and cannot due to ""steam auth ticket fail"". Which started right after the server AFK kicked me. So I have surfed the web looking for answers to this bug only to find out that it has been happening for over 6 months with no real remedy. Only when the server restarts supposedly I will be able to get back in until the next I get DC'd or AFK....This isn't the only issue I have ran into I also died once to a bor not far from my base with my car and all my valuable gear. When I respawn the game bugs out and dsync's something terrible now I can barely move to get gear and rescue my stuff. I was actually unable to move at all when trying to run across open land. So I relogged and couldn't get back in due to a similar bug which was only able to be fixed by reinstalling the game. Now all my gear was gone and I was set back days of work because of the grind this game has these bugs are gamebreaking."
,Recommended,393420,33259716,Posted: 4 July,all,Danny,"Back in early 2016 when I purchased this game it was a blast, steep learning curve and very difficult early-game made for a challanging survival, the relentless killers that roamed the server made for a lot of intense moments. There was no better feeling than gearing up over the course of a week and returning fire for the first time. I highly recommend this game though depending on your region there may be a lack of players. The funnest part for me was making friends and colonizing a portion of the map, thus I only recommend purchasing if you have friends willing to buy in with you or are willing to befriend people on the server as getting by solo can be a struggle. As for the development team, they're constantly updating and monitoring the game, when I was playing there were always admins checking the server for cheaters/bugs and would take criticism like champions. I purchased for $25 back on release and I would gladly pay $50 for the entertainment I got out of it, $12 is a steal."
,Recommended,393420,19672975,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Xantain,-join a german server because why not-spawn in the middle of a desert-start looking for materials-find some stone and wood-craft an axe-start looking for food-get in a fight with someone-find some oranges-night is coming and it's very cold-my character starts freezing-start running around-find some german people-they are speaking german-don't know what they are saying-ask them for food-they still speak german-my character is almost frozen to death-german guy makes a campfire-he saves me from dying of hypothermia-start planting orange seeds-craft a pickaxe-everything is going well-build a workbench-someone comes-say hello-he kills me9/11 money well spent
,Recommended,393420,34650922,Posted: 31 August,all,the wrong guy,"Great game for building, solo or clans, and open world exploring.lnsane value for money."
,Recommended,393420,34810731,Posted: 8 September,all,EJB9,"Hey,***KEEP IN MIND, THIS IS MORE OF A COMPARISON BETWEEN HURTWORLD AND RUST. I AM WRITING THIS TO NOTE MY OPINIONS ON BOTH GAMES AND ON MY OPINIONS OF HOW THEY ARE MOSTLY DIFFERENT***I play Rust and Hurtworld. If you invest time into both games, you will know they are different; although the concept and start both games are similar. I think you should try the game again once the next major update or alpha build comes out, and try it again. I think you will realise that hurtworld is more farfetched than Rust in some areas. Hurtworld is also for the more invested player than rust; it takes more time to make a base, get geared and in my opinion, maintain a base or compound. So if fast-paced gameplay and quick starts are your thing and your pc will handle it, Rust is nice. Rust also has very PvP orientated gameplay, while Hurtworld is more PvE. Skill in PvP will play a decent role in which game you like more. Rust also benefits clan/group play, as you will have advantages in both fights and raids, with more manpower. More people also means you will likely have people online protecting your base for longer periods of time, as one person may leave and another join, or vice versa. Base expansion and farming also benefits from this, and while clan/group play is also an advantage in Hurtworld, it seems to be less 'satisfying' in my opinion.Summary:Rust is more fast-pacedHurtworld requires more grinding.Hurtworld is less taxing on your systemHurtworld is still being updated, a beta build is available.Rust is also being updated, but it is more finished than HurtworldI dont think the gameplay after the start is very similar."
,Recommended,393420,26021004,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jabeabus,"This game is quite amazing if you really think about it, maybe it needs a few more players, but other than that this game is golden. I dont know why theres so mayn negative reviews.+Low ping+Vehicles+Good fan base (for its size)-Long loading screens"
,Recommended,393420,22864930,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Straight Outta MyShinyMetalAss,"All I have to say is... beautiful, absolutely beautiful."
,Recommended,393420,19514452,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,moclov,"Playing from the little bit that I did... it's as if the developers created a stable version of the original rust alpha; in the sense that they increased the GPU performance, optimized graphics rendering, and added some more mobility with vehicles! Awesome game thus far!"
,Not Recommended,393420,28150924,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Doomwarrior,"Right now its a kill on sight, kill em all, no one is safe kinda game. And the game does not really support anything else. Even fresh spawns see a better chance in launching an attack on you rather than do the tedious collecting.I get it that its an FPS with survival elements but it's feel more like a deathmatch with boring crafting and collecting part.Its way too boring in the collecting part and in the building area to be interessting and taking away from the ""kill on sight""♥♥♥♥♥♥thats going on. It feels rather flat even with the potential for driving some sort of car to speed up the movement between the boring collecting part"
,Not Recommended,393420,24993273,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,FURYY,I hate this game the mechanics graphics etc. Just disgusting. Its a total time waster. I couldnt drive a single car dont look at the gameplay video on steam. It just sucks.
,Recommended,393420,25441727,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,stamatovski1,"this game has its ups and downs but i have to be honest. it works okay for me as long as i dont turn on the shadows and all. Im using amd radeon 8730m hd and i have basically recomended settings but the game still lags every now and then they need to fix/patch the game but lets see the positive side of the game :D. Its fun, its like a cartoon survival thingy and it gives u the feel like valve made the game its nice i recomend it altho the ppl who play r3/4 toxic and will kill u on sight :/ but there are good people too for example i met a guy who accepted me as his own long lost child. thaught me how to shoot the bow bild a house and hunt."
,Recommended,393420,23160031,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SmallKitty,♥♥♥♥ ethan pierce
,Recommended,393420,19890792,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,✪ Ninja ✪,"I recommend this game :). Sad Story : Well one day me and my friend Shoomamfoo were doing pretty good.We had pretty much everything we needed for survival.One night there was a man withe a bow and arrow who came across our fire.So me and my friend were talking,so we thought we'd let him off,but i said he will kill us.So we let him go.Later on that night i said id go hunting get some raw steak to cook it.I got a decent amount of meat around 6 raw steak.When i came back i saw my friend lying on the floor dead.His murderer was nowhere to be seen.I checked his loot and all there was was 14 wood.I started searching for the murderer and i kept saying to myself I knew that guy was gonna come back stronger and kill us.I had regret my descision.My friend was back at spawn far far away from me.Till this very day i keep looking for that guy.It was time for Revenge. Like if this touched your heart :D"
76561198330940560,Not Recommended,393420,34517010,Posted: 26 August,all,Rickle Pick,"Played for a solid 106 hrs, thought it was fun at the time...no updates when i played, got boring, friend forgot amber and lost everything...u get a penalty for killing, and cost more than rust, just get rust, arma, or dayz standalone..."
,Recommended,393420,19556022,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,FlatAnimeTities1402,"Graphics: IffyGameplay: Rust like; Survive, Build, Explore.Cons - I must say that the running in this game is extremely slow, and there is not much to do when you are at the end with almost everything in the game. Also early access so there are tons of wipes on the average of 3 days.If you want to support a right idea survival game then this is a good one because this is a good game with tons of output to come, but not much too offer as of yet. If you have friends to play with i specially reccomend it as it is even more fun.I vote yes for those who like survival and wish to find another good one to play with the community."
,Recommended,393420,19632317,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ENZO,nice
,Recommended,393420,25072651,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,mks,the game stops random moments
76561198313480592,Recommended,393420,34343538,Posted: 18 August,all,Richard M. Pickle hellcase.com,"Dear everyone saying this game is dead, I'm sorry that you are too mentally ill to notice the news feed being updated almost every 3-7 days. Great game, like it sais its a HARDCORE survival game not fit for most the people leaving reviews. Also, yes it seems glitched/broken/bugged like crazy, because your not playing the version of the game being updated. To play the version being updated open your library, click Hurtworld, click play, than select Item Experimental V2, and enjoy the game :)"
76561198293351480,Recommended,393420,29164444,Posted: 10 January,all,Luk,Beautiful game!!! I played iT for around 350 Hours but i neem to say: i grot tired of it iTS stil in progres and you doet have Munch to do in THE game sow im waiting on updates to play it gaan but THE GAME IS THE MONEY WORTH!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,393420,22801525,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,E- la -in,"Tried for 15 minutes: Run around in desert. Someone gave me steak, had no way to eat it. died of hypothermia, I think.Refunded"
,Recommended,393420,19596500,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MicOn,good game
,Recommended,393420,27062719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maniac ♕√ιק ♕,very nice game
76561198113844331,Not Recommended,393420,22824529,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Janissary,Ask for a refund as soon as you can!
76561197983153729,Recommended,393420,19544063,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mayo,"Awsome game, i reccomend it! Only thing is that right now everyone wanna play the game, so it takes a while before you can join a server due to server beeing full.Rather then that i like the veichles, you need to have em, or atleast make multiple bases around, since you addicted to go around the world/places to find what you need to craft.Ofc there is allot of KOS in this game, it's like that in mostly every survival game, i reccomend you also having some friends to play with, or find someone online in the game, I can't say this is much of a solo playing game, since you need to gather allot of stuff around in the world.Overall i am very pleased by this game, can't wait til more stuff gets put in an wich path this game is gonna go furtere in time, i am having such a great time with Hurtworld, i also do stream this game allot just trying to show off how much fun this game can be when you get a base set up and getting some of the cars.Feel free to click that like or dislike button, comment on my review if you want i like to hear others opinion about the game! Do you hate it, or love it? What you hate or love most about it :D"
76561198126832322,Not Recommended,393420,33616575,Posted: 17 July,all,Milky,"Very hard survival. needs work and balance. if there was a ""nuetral"" for recomending this i wuld select it"
,Recommended,393420,19706095,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Labons,This game has a LOT of potential
,Not Recommended,393420,26933166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Synchro,"Honestly... I wouldnt reccomend purchasing this game. Before, I used to be enthusiastic about this upcoming games and all the promises they've made. Now, I'm just truly disapointed.Firstly, let me start off by saying that the overall game mechanics are complete and utter trash. They devs have said several times that the vehicles will be fixed and that it will fixed. Nope. It's not fixed, the vehicles still arnt smooth and you'll have terrible setback lag, even with 31 ping to the server.If you look at their previous ""updates"", it seems as if they're trying to become shoe designers as they spend more time designing the shoes you can wear rather than the actual game itself.But, it all honestly comes down to what you can expect from a carbon copy of Rust. Thier name is ""Bankroll Studios"" after all...  I've supported this game for so long, and I honestly can't support it any longer."
,Recommended,393420,19550975,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Froggy | nofearzzgaming.com,"As an alpha game im impressed, the graphics and the way the game is design is nice. Also I see that your development team is really putting the effort in it, due to the fact that there isn't bugs that I saw myself and there is already much things to do as an alpha.+1 Design+1 Graphics+1 Survival GameThis game could be really popular, keep doing what your doin developers :D"
76561198137977867,Recommended,393420,23006626,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,NoMad,"pros:- great survival game- really hard so u gotta be smart- lots of things to craft and to do- really nice cartoonish style- house building- cars, paintings, different style cars- drilling, hunting, building, raiding, eating, surviving- different bioms- different animals in different bioms- taunts (emotions)- guns- realistic at some points- fridges, campfires, crafting tables, storages, trading, hand crafting, workbench crafting- u can also make hair in this game and clothes- etc.cons:- the comunity is very agressive, so dont trust them- the imfamy sistem (look in youtube for more details)- everybody has the same character ( pls I would love if the game would add more characters to be chosen by the player)"
76561198259462099,Recommended,393420,25363701,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Cheetah-Man,"TOTALLY WORTH ANY INVESTMENT!Sick game, like drinking bleach.""Modern classic of gaming"" - Steven SeagalFresh graphic, very pretty, nice people.""Age of Empires meets Manhunt. Fantastic dev blog and insights."" -Steven SeagalBetter than dying.I have enjoyed every minute of time played."
,Recommended,393420,19478870,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,xsistens,Great game!
,Recommended,393420,30372134,Posted: 7 March,all,LayNwastE4,very fun with friends. kinda cool to just get lost and explore the world. build a base and fight bigfoot. get a car witha ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine and its too cool even tho it was slow. does need a vast variety of new clothes and weapons and gear. i would recomend this game to anyone. i spent over 500 hours on this game and i dont think i did everything.
,Recommended,393420,33997017,Posted: 3 August,all,Sanic,killing simulator
,Recommended,393420,24982219,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,✪ Camilaa,This game chokes on major weinBut I still play it
,Recommended,393420,19707889,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,CT Cruiser,It's good.
,Not Recommended,393420,33883596,Posted: 29 July,all,Jeff,"Don't bother buying, it's a dead game."
,Not Recommended,393420,20079500,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,B.A.M. - Black Acountant Man,"Not a clue why everyone is having such a blast with this-played on official server-started of with a friend , had trouble finding him as the game has no way for you to spawn until you have a baseafter figuring out how to make tools from finding twigs & stone we found out u can't just chop trees , no , that would be to easy as you see trees all around you ; the game wants you to run around face down looking for hollowed tree trunks for you to chop downafter being killed 4-5 times by players sittin' up in their tower shootin down at nakeds we finally manage to set up a little base , sadly we couldn't place last ceiling tile as the totem of ownership of this game blocks it for some reason- Note that building a base is expensive and people will shoot u for ur resources when they know ur buildin-some 15 y/o screaming ""don't want to hurt you"" starts assaulting me and autherizes himself on the totem so he keeps respawning insidei kept killing him but the game has this fun thing where u keep ur tools , meaning this guy respawned with spear in hand ready to assault me , who's still trying to close the holeBecause i kept killing him i got infame , meaning i DO drop tools , which i eventually did as the kid kept spawning full hp.The kid steals my hammer and runs off ; after inquiring how to deautherize a person (remove the totem & replace it , because ♥♥♥♥ing genuis game design) i noticed my hammer was missing so i went out to find mats to make a new hammer and this 15 y/o (which btw gets a respawn point + acces to all doors in my base because of the awesome totem idea developers had ) runs up to my base and starts deleting entire base no problem using MY hammer ...this guy runs off , ruining 3 hours of my timeafter hunting this guy down and killing him with the horrendious rubberbanding & bad hit detection i finally see that he just threw away all the matsBoring grindwork with alot of running ; ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pvp ; Stupid building rules ---> Garbage game 1/10"
,Recommended,393420,28448475,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,✔ Mr.wong,this is a survival game I hope everybody can play this game Screen Valley low you PC Graphics card Can take care of this game
,Recommended,393420,19642244,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DRUMM,"I think it's kind of mixed review.At this state you could play and enjoy, but not too much.Pros:- Great Hunger/Cold/Hot/Poison/Radiation system- Great Map for this number of players, maybe not too much to explore (wish there is more PVE elements than just containers with cars)- Great building system (except all materials have same protection)Cons:- 3rd person can't use some items (grill or workbench for example) while standing, need to crouch, also crosshair is moved compared to 1st person and you keep missing.- Running and seeing nothing (stay for 10-20 seconds on one spot and you'll see bunch of resources you can't saw before)- Murder system (two people attacking you, you kill one and you flagged, second kill you and you lost your item, but you just defending)- Not too much crafting and nothing new to reveal (all you can craft is in workbench)- Hard to obtain wheels for cars (found 0 wheels after 25hrs) and c4.It's in EA so i think game have potential"
,Recommended,393420,19990808,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MinotaurianSoul,Best then Rust 100/10 awesomeness
76561198253793916,Recommended,393420,20703762,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,int.ular,pretty good game.. love the way it feels and the way they made the ghraphics simple but nice
76561198081929879,Not Recommended,393420,23994699,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GrandAdmiral,"I got Hurtworld when it came out and I really enjoyed it, the PVP mechanics are fluid, and you could (and can still) go to PVE servers to do a multitude of other things. I am disapointed by some of the changes the Devs made to basebuilding. The totem's expiration/amber timer and the fact they added a build limit... SEROUSLY?? This made my expierance with building a base much more tedious and a lot less fun (especially since I usually am stuck playing alone) Even on PVE servers where it was against the rules to raid bases, I would build a small base, not find any amber the whole time I had been playing, then log on the next day to see my entire base was gone. The car mechanics are fun and are a lot more practical than cars in games like Dayz (as they dont break from hitting a rock at .05 mph) The cartoonish style is nice for the type of game Hurtworld is, and I think its a major plus making it stand out as most survival games are pushing towards more realistic graphics. The game's now horrible community used to be fun to play with, and a lot less toxic, there is also the fact that there has been a complete lack of updates for the game in recent months. I think hurtworld is a decent game in an overpopulated market for the survival genere and I really want to love this game again, but with games current direction i'm getting more and more annoyed with it."
76561198108875049,Recommended,393420,20716742,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Operator,"Hurtworld is a good game over all. I like it and believe it has a bunch of potential but there are a few things I can't get over. For example, Hurtworld has a ddos problem. Atleast once or twice a day while I'm online the server is ddos'd. Durring the proccess, it's common to be killed by hypothermia or an animal. There are a few other things like pvp that I think needs worked on but overall I am having a good time playing it."
76561198100574723,Recommended,393420,19866790,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Voodoobutter12,Hurt World is a good survival game. You start off wondering looking for rocks and branches to make your first tools. once you get in the game making guns and bases gets pretty easy. really its easy to play with friends because strength in numbers pluss extra hands to get stuff. The game has pvp aspects which can make it fun but then you get the guys that KOS which can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off if your a  naked guy (noob).There are some bugs but its in alpha dosnt really matter atm and i see a lot of potential in it.
76561198194170997,Recommended,393420,21056668,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Gipson Reeves,Worth a buy amazing game 10/10
76561198271378092,Recommended,393420,21060371,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dibbzly,Very Very Good i love it so much
76561198301735766,Recommended,393420,24573603,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Reaper,kool game needs more work tho like scopes for the guns
76561198185541697,Recommended,393420,19826680,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,xXQazPietXx,this game has alot of potensial really i love this game allready and its in alpha lol cant wait for when it gets released its worth the money allready WARNING:may get adicted
,Not Recommended,393420,25786116,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,whosurdaddy,"Account: hostaltakeoverPlaytime: 38 hoursPurchased: Sep 22, 2016Was a fun game had a couple of big bases going on, tried to log in and it says I am banned... I do not run 3rd party ap or esp ect ect..... Reporting to my bank as fraud since none of the devs can seem to answer me."
76561198054521639,Not Recommended,393420,24027628,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,chokichi22,"This game has great potential, but the community is toxic and the game itself is buggy. Everytime I try to play I have to verify the game files. It's just not worth it. I don't want to have a death match. I want to build things. Don't buy it."
76561198102923207,Recommended,393420,20527636,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,someone1050,i think this is a good game i bought it a week ago and already have about 80 hours of gameplay i really enjoy the game and have met some cool people in the game thats the thing that makes a survival game so wonderful you can meet very nice and helpful people i have made about 5 friends in this game and now we have a group were we go and take out the aggressive and rude players on the server ovvasially there are some cons to the game they need to work on more guns attachments and many more things but thats expected from a early access game if you guys want my honest opinion it worth the buy you will have a blast only things i dont like so far is no auto run and the loot crate spawn times are a little long
76561198130493291,Recommended,393420,19539097,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Uvae★,12/10 Easy this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and provides hours of entertainment for the family
,Not Recommended,393420,23973166,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,sTeeLo,"Barely any content, small player base. This game is not worth the price."
,Recommended,393420,19847113,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Noda,Really fun game that will get better with more content.
,Not Recommended,393420,21803510,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Phoenix,Don't even know anymore.
,Recommended,393420,26686711,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,spongebob did 9/11,made fun of russian children 10/10
,Recommended,393420,33237968,Posted: 4 July,all,Fuck That,"Awesome game, looks easy but when you first start its pretty hard. enough servers to play on, but i would like to see more updates. its a fun game if you play with friends."
,Recommended,393420,21539977,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Shadow,"whenever i walk, i sorta lag and whenever i turn, it gets blurry. What should i do????Otherwise this is a very good game"
76561198125423053,Recommended,393420,20002582,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,圈子不同别硬融,再多出点有趣东西吧，希望能看到城市和废墟还有现代武器和车辆，希望能像GTA'SA的一款MTA联机软件里的DAYZ模式一样！那样会更加有趣/。
,Recommended,393420,21637608,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,nekofurball,"After atleast 5 minutes of playing, I harvested an Orange (theyre called something different ingame) bush, and got atleast 50 oranges on the ground, and they were in boxes, with little.. uh.. look 4 yourself"
,Not Recommended,393420,22880189,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Doomeris,"IAmDisappointedOf this ♥♥♥♥ing game.When i quit the game at December just because i got bored, welp today i came back and i see okay let's roll, let's get some amber and♥♥♥♥♥♥make some tools like hammer n stuff. I put my workbench and campfire start working i noticed what the ♥♥♥♥ i cant pick them up with my hammer ? Okay.. i felt like updates are kinda ♥♥♥♥ing the game up.AND I WERE RIGHT. THEY ARE ♥♥♥♥ING THE GAME UP. So later on when i crafted a stake i noticed u can REMOVE it only with a  ♥♥♥♥ING axe. AND GET only WOOD LOGS back ?????? AND you need ♥♥♥♥ing 40 stones to build a ♥♥♥♥ing stone wall or something like that ? ... this game is ♥♥♥♥ed up and the more updates the more its ♥♥♥♥ed up. When i bought this game i played i didn't like it.  Then i refunded it because i didn't knew how to play this garbage. Then i just thought of buying it again and i learnt♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUT then i quit just because i got too good and bored so later on when months passed and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ updates came out makes me feel that this game is gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥like it always was........ 10/10 game before 1/10 game nowJust get Rust."
,Recommended,393420,24091306,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Billy /,Does it work on my chromebook?
,Recommended,393420,19665325,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Herecomess24,"Well, it's on a special promotion ! Don't you dare... JUST BUY IT !"
,Recommended,393420,19523312,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,space ghost pussy,"Amazing game,  the community is amazing mainly everybody besides some will team with you and gathering resources at the start is easy, but during the day and night when in the open it is hard. Good luck"
,Recommended,393420,21484454,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,blamo is best game,AWSOME but needs updatingbtwhisssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
,Recommended,393420,19687052,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ambassador X,"really great game have played rust and ark , i like this the best so far. i think the amount you have to eat is rediculous though i hope that gets fixed soon. eat a steak like every 20 mins or die ? id be the fattest survivalist around lol servers are full allot for the offical but there is allot of comunity servers.worth the buy for sure !"
76561198056402882,Recommended,393420,19708256,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Preactinatum,"Got captured, they made me sing baby by Justin Bieber tok me to their base and I got stuck and they killed me with Spears 11/10 would do again"
,Recommended,393420,19758037,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,The Joker (AGnF),Day 1: I found myself lost so i thought to my self i need a weapon so i made a spear then i hunted for food killed fou rabbits skined them and ate their meat. Day 2: i need to choop chick pieces of wood so i made a hatchet gathered tinder wood. Made a fire for the second night. Day 3: found 4 different people first guy i killed for his rocks second guy was to nice so i shived him when he turned away. third guy had a back pack to i threw my spear at his head it killed him. The best for last the four guy shived the **** out of me when taking the backpack lost some of my stuff. Day four I'm dead what else is there to say but 900000000000/10
,Recommended,393420,19694910,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Viazemsky,"So long,Rust.This game is:fasterbetterlightermore optimizedmore possibilities...and more F.U.N."
,Recommended,393420,19790367,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sync,Enjoy making 8 year olds rage? BUY IT!
,Recommended,393420,19849818,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,R2N,very g00d game
76561198283926010,Recommended,393420,24088129,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,COMMADNO_15,Its a really fun game
76561198002730370,Recommended,393420,19833547,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Faze danks,"woke up on beach with friend,recruited as sleeper agent for communist party of china by a 9 year old chinese kid.was saved by american from the red menace.followed the american with my friend as his companion/slave.10/10 would china againCHINA NUMBA ONE!!!!!!!!!!would recommend for those without the money for rosetta stone."
,Recommended,393420,19843674,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Holy Land Cleanser,Got killed by a really small deer with horn.9/11 -IGN
76561198080814679,Recommended,393420,24330662,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ld-airgrafix,"Best part about Hurtworld, it runs absolutely beautiful even on my lower end laptop.Its a survival game like every other one out there, nothing really sets it apart.  Its still very basic, and once you get the hang of hunger and cold, biggest threat in this game is other players. There isnt really much to do in this game, there are animals everywhere, really hard to go hungry, even though you have to eat  often. Mining resources alongside wood respawn every few minutes so no challenge there.  Probably best to pick it up while its on sale, the price they sell at the moment I feel is overpriced for the content and simplicity of the game.The only reason why I recommend this game is because it runs so well, content wise its still alpha so cant complain too much."
76561198133703095,Recommended,393420,33451787,Posted: 11 July,all,PotatoAim@pvpro.com,Best Hra ever sem gay a líbí se my typ těchto her
,Recommended,393420,20335324,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,☆ Delacey ☆ ☾,Great Game 10/10
,Recommended,393420,21066959,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,/;-;\,hurtworldmore likecrippling depression world
,Recommended,393420,19762434,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Miterk,Rust Legacy > Hurtworld > Rust
,Recommended,393420,20269755,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Stevie Smith,gud
76561198129610175,Recommended,393420,21078270,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ash_Ayap,"spawns in russian serverbumped onto two russian kids dancing near me while playing musicthey are newbies with bowsi know they gonna kill me soonthey follow everywhere i gothey said they want to kill me if i dont dance with themi ran to fortress while they shooting at me3 mins later,three musketeers killed by hypothermia in fortress playing hide and seekIF I DIE,U DIE WITH ME!11/10 would play russian server"
,Recommended,393420,19997512,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Uliana ™,"Of the many games purchased during this 2016 Christmas Sale, this one has to be simply the best.Simple yet beautiful graphicsAmazing conceptNot PvP centric like DayZ and RustThis has gotta' be one of the best games amongst the Pre Alpha games. $20 is truly a bit expensive but I must rather worth it. GIve it a try."
,Recommended,393420,20016933,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TyGuy,Hurtworld map:tiny url .com/HurtworldMap <---(No spaces)
,Not Recommended,393420,27105809,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pepe,"Nominated to: ""Best lack of major updates but only textures"" award"
76561198055505412,Recommended,393420,29330694,Posted: 17 January,all,ThatChubbyAlpaca,Fun to play with friends (Rust is better)
76561198132770713,Recommended,393420,19910005,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TheLastOne {K-M},11/10Tried to launch it didn't launchplz fix this.
76561198103617661,Recommended,393420,27971790,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AlexBo,Its a very cool game the only thing it needs is that the cars spawn more often me and my friend played to over 12 two times to find a car and we didnt find one. but i will say this is one of the best games ive ever played. #greatgame
76561198325706359,Recommended,393420,27412154,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Baxawan,black friday !!!
,Recommended,393420,28015782,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GUMMIE,"easy to follow, mix between minecraft and rust. I really enjoyed and definitly recommend!"
,Recommended,393420,26368932,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Thorminator&m,One of the best survival games there is.But after a few wipes i have had enough of it.But one day i will play it again like i have no life.And its really fun but make sure to not play on a vannila server search for x3 gather or something else it takes so long..
76561198048438558,Recommended,393420,20323598,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hary,Very good game but has to fix a lot but it is getting better and better you all should get it
,Recommended,393420,19831428,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,esampson24,"Overall a solid game in it's alpha state, feels like Rust Legacy and it picks up where Rust left off. I have high hopes for this survival game in the future. The devs cooperate with the players and update their game often.7/10"
,Recommended,393420,19683731,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,bsok,The world does hurt.
,Recommended,393420,19948115,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CAz,"This is a game where you started as a good guy, then the world hurts you so bad that it'd make you a villain.10/10"
76561197983619642,Recommended,393420,21573794,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,King God Lord of Hell,MAKE A BASE. FIND ENEMY BASE. PROCEED WITH PSYCHOLOGICAL WARFARE. WAIT FOR THEM TO ♥♥♥♥ UP. TEAR THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥DOWN.
76561198008333844,Recommended,393420,19815797,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Quizza,Awesome game for so early in the Alpha.RUST meets Mad Max and goes for a BBQ  at Wolf Creek.Can't wait to see what comes next. Buy it.
,Not Recommended,393420,20369671,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Omegalivestream,"this game is stupid. Im aware of the early access , My argument is that you cannot collect enough wood on time to build a campfire. You will freeze to death pretty quick.They need to change the amount of wood needed for campfire and im good.As for the rest of the game its still in development , Id wait before you buy this game. Rust fans ,H1z1 fans. Your good with those games for now , give this game about a year ,let it age like a good bottle of wine and im sure it will be a better game to get later on."
,Recommended,393420,24981114,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,H4XZ0R,"Game is good, but have alot of bugs!"
,Recommended,393420,25034746,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Arvoldek,"It's a good game, but I still have some bugs."
,Not Recommended,393420,23093334,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,izzu,"It was a bit fun at first but them came these people who kill you on sight. They dont communicate, chat or whatver, they just run to you and kill you. I dont get it. And the servers are almost empty now."
,Recommended,393420,25202775,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nevii,This is a nice game nice for people that loves raids/survival
,Not Recommended,393420,24966188,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,zoot suit👌👏💯,game is dead
,Recommended,393420,21004936,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,It's Me,this game is amazing to play and i have lots of fun trying to get a car and build a base.it is worth the price.
,Recommended,393420,21013820,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Arcenist,It feels and almost looks like old Rust. I got completely lost several times running the map. Satisfying nonetheless. Watch out for homeowners who are overdeveloped on mountain tops!
,Recommended,393420,21014737,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,糯米飯,"This game is great espically if you have friends who play the game. You can have all the fun you want like building a base, raiding and pvp."
,Recommended,393420,19491151,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,1seth,Good In The Hood
76561198040740151,Recommended,393420,19528106,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Shubaco,Best survival game i have ever played.
,Recommended,393420,19534509,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,PorterPally,"Two hours worth of gathering, I am running back to my base and finishing up the final construction with the wooden roofs, then realize I used all of my wood and couldn't build a campfire to mitigate my hypoethermia.  Balls.  10/10!"
,Recommended,393420,19535269,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Patinaz,All loot boxes have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥drawn on them     11/10
76561198120308807,Not Recommended,393420,29345923,Posted: 18 January,all,NinYa,Good game but 50 dev blogs and still no updates
76561198014422825,Not Recommended,393420,26756866,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dugen,"Hurtwold is a survival game similar to Ark and Rust.  It has a superior building system to Ark's horribly broken one, but a very similarly flawed overall gameplay philosophy involving hours of grinding that can all be wiped out if you step away from the game too long or if people with enough resources simply decide to do it.Ultimately, the entire concept of ""what do you do in this game"" is ill-thought out as it's mostly an exercise in grinding to get a pvp advantage while other people try and rob you while you do so.  Success mostly boils down to gathering as many people with as much free time onto your team as possible, and constantly grouping up in-game.There is no winning, only temporarily and precariously not losing.Pros:Where Ark has super-cool dinosaurs with flawed buggy horrible physics, this has lame vehicles with smoother but still buggy physics.The building system is quite good.  It yields predictable results and you can make large complex structures without too much difficulty.  It's based on a universal snap point grid which makes it relatively easy to line structures up.They have also introduced a novel concept to survival where the key items for progression stay with you when you die.  This works well and provides much smoother, less jarring gameplay where you can take more risks and have more fun.Cons:There is no way to walk away from the game for a week without losing everything.The PVP system favors those who ambush people while they are minding their own business.Battling against ""the elements"" mostly boils down to being able to survive through the cold caused by rain, which they have it do ridiculously often to the point where the server all collectively groans each time.Most of the real PVP that happens is actually PVO, where people steal from those who are offline.  That used to have a bit of balance in that things in your inventory where protected when you logged off, but this is being removed.The UI is complete trash, full of long-standing sizing glitches, broken chat scrolling and no quality of life improving functionality.  The devs need to take a serious look at InventoryTweaks for minecraft and make note of how a survival UI can be not tediously bad.I think this game suffers from the same problems that have plagued every game in the survival genre, from multiplayer minecraft to rust and ark.  Persistent worlds and PVP are strange companions, and mating them together into something that feels more like a game you can pick up and play when you want to and less like a harmful addiction that punishes you if you ever dare do anything else is difficult, and the Hurtworld devs have definitely failed.Summary:If you want to waste a bunch of time in a pointless barely enjoyable struggle against ill-conceived gameplay elements, this game is for you, but trust me, you don't.If you decide to subject yourself to this game, be prepared for an exercise in futility as the game is not designed to work well without constantly wiping the servers removing all your progress, so they do that and it's not handled in a player-friendly way."
76561198200667975,Recommended,393420,28880606,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,rUstyYT,gud
76561198140689078,Recommended,393420,21042900,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dell380,love it but it needs some work
,Recommended,393420,30906354,Posted: 2 April,all,oochmagooch,Great game. The community has evolved so much since release. People are nice. The game is interesting and fun. If you don't like survival games this is not for you. Hurtworld is not h1z1
,Recommended,393420,19506462,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ladi,THe best early access game... thats actually an early access game.
,Recommended,393420,32439163,Posted: 15 June,all,◈Senjan◈,"Well, I didnt play it for long time but ye.. its okay worth to buy."
,Recommended,393420,20913773,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,БАРАН-УЕБАН,ЭТИМ МОЖНО БРАТЬ И ОБМАЗЫВАТЬСЯ!!!
76561198004793932,Not Recommended,393420,21024019,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,niz,"Too expensive, not optimized at all. can't even play it at all on a high end system."
76561198061319146,Recommended,393420,20950778,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,leafninja Games,Epic Game
76561198128259774,Recommended,393420,19545708,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,LeafyIsHier,"Great game .., Too hard to make a car though."
,Recommended,393420,20392877,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Huso,Great game much promise much fun much doge
,Recommended,393420,33699351,Posted: 21 July,all,LaneWhite76,Great game but small community. Would like to see more players play because it is a great game.
76561198064448947,Recommended,393420,33780820,Posted: 24 July,all,|HarlemSpartan| Umbrella,Very good game V2 is coming out whuch will change the game completely dont listen to the people that have like 2 hours because they dont know how to play the game therefore it makes them think the game is bad worth the money ;)
,Not Recommended,393420,34248022,Posted: 14 August,all,Krept,"This game still exists?Get the ♥♥♥♥ out of early access and stop the return of Rust-like ""survival"" grinding games that serves no purpose and gets boring after a few ♥♥♥♥ing hours.I saw this in my library and got mad that I had even bought it. Wish I could refund it now smfh."
,Recommended,393420,20665473,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DinoBoyJP,"Where do I begin with this game? Well to start as I am sure all of you know, this is a survival pvp MMO, very similar to Rust. However, this game is by far one of the most addicting games of all the ones I have played. This genre is the one I play most and I have logged more hours into a small amount of time then I have in any other game. 90 hours in 2 weeks... not bad.Pros:- Great PVP- Great community- Great crafting- Beautiful scenery- Make friends/enemies- Runs smoothly most of the time- Frequent patches and updates- Huge amount of future plans- For an Alpha, very polished- Infamy system so you dont loose everything- Wipe schedules so noone becomes too powerful on a server- Lots of official and community serversCons:- Rubber band lag alot- FR drops occasionallyThis is a game that anyone who is a fan of the genre should try, I would stray away from it if this is your first survival game as it is relativley challenging especially alone. But for $24.99 t is sure worth the price and I dont think any of you will regret the purchase."
,Not Recommended,393420,23680534,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BurntPancake,"This game is very fun,but unfortunately,like many early access games the updates to the game are very slow,and to make it worse when the game updates,nothing to impressive is added."
,Recommended,393420,19836437,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Void_xD,"Great game just to turn on and play for about 1-4 hours. After that it might start to seem abit dull, at least in its current state. This game is ok right now but I can tell this game has a great future ahead of it. There is tons of things this game is missing ATM but in a couple months or so they will most likely be there. This game is pretty fun with a friend but I wouldnt recommend playing this game alone, seems too grindy alone. 8.5/10 Its ok"
,Recommended,393420,19834973,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ugh,better than rust ayy lmao
,Recommended,393420,19815951,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Gliimy,if you like Rust legacy I strongly recomend this game to you
76561198137990558,Not Recommended,393420,32230262,Posted: 6 June,all,ShabbyStar541,"I can barely run the game, and even when I did manage to run the game, I could rarely find a server with people. Even then if I did manage to get on server with around 10 people, the game was nearly unplayable due to lag. But with issues aside, is the game fun or at least enjoyable?  Yes, it is a decent game, but due to it's several issues and dead community, i'll advise you to not pick this game up unless if it's on sale.  Pick up Rust or the other several survival games on the market that go for a lot cheaper."
,Recommended,393420,32262733,Posted: 8 June,all,Xyratex,"this game is what survival should bestart from nothing to somthingfend off the cold with a camfire, make a spear to hunt for food, build a shack, make a car, a gunthere are no limits to your imagination in this game"
,Recommended,393420,32187666,Posted: 4 June,all,Frankenstein,The game is pretty good but only bad thing in the game is that anyone must be infamous to get their weapons when we kill them i think thats really bad because to be honest i love pvp i mean i dont like farming but i must farm for the weapons.. So DEVELOPERS please change this plugin i think everyone wants that:)
,Recommended,393420,19722453,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TAIWAN NO. 2,10/10 Would Buy again. But i wouldnt coz i am broke :)
76561198028113558,Recommended,393420,19820900,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ducks,"12 mins ingame review:Almost died to coldManaged to build a campfireSomeone attacked meHe threw his spear and missedI grabbed it and killed him with itAlmost died to starvationFound some orangesSomeone attacked me againDied to deersDeers>players10/1058 mins ingame review:The community is nothing like the other reviews say, got chased more by players than by animals,even players with guns will kill you for no reasonBut overall the game is great, apart from animals being standing still and not moving but thats alpha anywayGood game , crap community 8/10"
,Recommended,393420,33581698,Posted: 16 July,all,Falco,"There are 4 servers that consistently get 40+ atleast in  prime time. I dont consider that dead.The games progression has seemed to slow as time has gone on, and every now and then you do find a bug that really makes you upset. ( my main one is jumping into small cracks and getting perma stuck in there )  but the game is still enjoyable.I come to this game to build a small base. get guns, and high risk pvp. Though not as high risk as rust, its still enjoyable.I've been solo for almost 3/4 of my playtime. Its hard starting up but once you do, its okay. It is more enjoyable with a team. but its not impossible to be a successful solo.Would reccomend."
,Recommended,393420,29755043,Posted: 6 February,all,Ryder,"At the time of writing I've played 100 hours of Hurtworld. I can say that this game is really enjoyable, and will definitely go places. However, every time I've gotten raided the enemy knew EXACTLY where our totem was. there's a game breaking glitch when you respawn, where the world is constructed piece by piece, where you can then, see through buildings. Also, people must have software to see through walls, etc.I would reccomend this game because it's fun, but expect to be offline raided by chump♥♥♥♥♥cheaters."
76561198083484192,Not Recommended,393420,25077428,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Des,"The game had a great start. Almost a year after release, no major changes or updates other than ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tweaks. The devs are slacking. DO NOT BUY at this state."
76561198036081113,Recommended,393420,31649716,Posted: 9 May,all,mikrobert,"Hurtworld is a game I can not yet out down.. Its changing frequently from the devs, but in a good way..The sound of a headshot is still awesome..."
76561198262158440,Recommended,393420,30085379,Posted: 21 February,all,Bram /A\,"This Game is  such Cool, My PC isn't that good but can stil render it medium graphics 30 FPS so. als so much fun in this game i have 500 hours and i'll gonna play lots more if you like PVP and survivaling this is a realy nice game. You also need the think and if there's a hole in a base beware people can raid it so. you can even raid without C4 and just have lots of fun with youre friends or play multiplayer and fight against an alpha clan. and if you're bored just go for a ride in your car and you wil never be bored"
76561197974026700,Not Recommended,393420,22798716,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Yusho,nothing changes
76561198116905482,Recommended,393420,19987477,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Phineas,Good gaem luv itt
,Recommended,393420,21002994,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mr Bryn 👌,fun game
76561198095649478,Not Recommended,393420,21039518,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,*CSG* SnipeRageQuit csgolive.com,"So heres my story...day one:- spawned- found rocks- found sticks- made hatchets- found ONE nice guy- got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 3 guys- LOST ALL MY STUFF :(Day two:-Spawned-Found more sticks and stones- got hit in the head by an arrow-day three:-spawned-died by a guy with a pickaxe-day four:-friend had to go to the store-im now lonely-help-omg-i got-100 stones and wood-turned night time-found campfire attended by 2 30 year old men-asked politely if i could use it too-they answeared ""yes just dont kill us""-and i said ""yes sir""-crouched by the fire-got double pickaxed to the head-LOST ALL MY STUFF-i just tried being a nice guy and i never killed anyoneall the youtube vids are lies now, i thought it wouldnt be as much kos now..... theres sooo much."
76561198381184748,Recommended,393420,32156095,Posted: 3 June,all,Monk On Fire bolt.gg,Very fun survival game to play with friends.
76561198273200097,Recommended,393420,31797178,Posted: 16 May,all,Chaotic,love it
,Recommended,393420,19547569,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RedUKC,This game taught me to always be paranoid about people running towards you.10/10
76561198057150579,Recommended,393420,19536351,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Flluka,GR8
,Recommended,393420,19488601,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Meoner,"So...have to go to bad, what time is it? Oh, good morning mom, I've slept well, and you?"
,Recommended,393420,19537481,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr Ninja (ALT),Quite fun so far and i look forward to see what the future holds for this game.Keep up the great work devs!
,Recommended,393420,19553757,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,rosso,"Welcome to my review: before saying something which goes in contrast with my review of the game, please, read it all to the end.First thing to say is that I played this game for about an hour, I bought it today so that's why.Hurtworld is a survival, hardcore sandbox-ish game where you, with your friends - if you have any - must survive in a challenging enviroment: you'll have to overcome problems as hunger, thirst, animals (there are quite a few, for example boars, rabbits, even a sasquatch). A thing about this game is that it's far more forgiving than Rust, really, much more.The first hour that I played, in my case, was pretty good actually: I met a guy which I made friends with and we started doing stuff together, exploring places that we could've found good to establish in, and we crafted some basic, but useful, stuff. Other players may experience KOS (kill on sight) interactions with unfriendly players or players that are too scared to search for help/friendship.You'll spawn NAKED, not in a literal sense but you won't have anything in your inventory: you'll have to collect sticks and rocks, which you'll find on the ground and from there you will make your equipment, really slowly, but you will make it.Player who KOS aren't rewarded apart from the gear they get when they loot your body. Why though? Well, there's an infamy system, which is pretty awesome and pretty punishing, where if you will die, you will lose everything, as soon as the bar of infamy is still on your HUD.Am I supposed to keep everything at death, if I haven't got an infamy bar on my HUD? No, obviosuly not: you will keep the gear (not the items, gear like the axe, the pickaxe, not sure about weapons though) that is located on your hotbar, but you will lose the one that's located in your inventory (which you can access by pressing TAB).There are animals, rocks, minerals which you'll have to get in order to access to, let's say, ""end-game content"": examples of it are the bolt action rifle, the shotgun and etcetera, which will help you more than ever, but before that point, you'll have to sit on the early game content for A LOT. Do I mean that's bad? No! Obviously not! You'll have the chance to fight alot of people with the basic gear you get after crafting it, examples are the bow, the spear, etcetera. It's a lot of fun mainly because you have to opportunity to fight against a lot of people, instead of fewer people, because the end-game is hard to reach!What about graphics, performance, though?The game runs really smooth (that's kinda obvious since I run it on an high-end machine) and I've never experienced a FPS drop in one hour of gameplay. Talking about latency, though, may be different because if you experience high ping, you might have troubles figuring out what's happening (ex. you run for some time and then you'll find yourself where you were before running, or something like that), but there's no big deal because many people don't experience it.Graphics are pretty awesome, at least I find them enjoyable: Huntworld's graphics are very similar to the one that Team Fortress 2 has: over-saturated colors, which are really enjoyable from my part, because they make the game look much more refreshing, in my opinion and the textures are pretty plain: don't expect to get on Huntworld and see Rust's graphics or something, neither expect to get the same performance you get in Rust because I think the game hasn't got really high requirements in order to run.This game is fun, challenging and it rewards player interactions, it looks really promising for being an early access game!"
76561198143771720,Recommended,393420,19515025,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Knight of Songs,I refunded Rust after playing this.
76561198174459275,Recommended,393420,19520176,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,doop,Oh my god I can't even explained what I have just played its so beautiful I love this game it reminds me of Rust but its better than rust its tottaly worth 20 dollars and its already optimized played 7 hours of this straight and just wow! Amazing looking forward to the updates that will be coming :D
76561198126382352,Recommended,393420,19536764,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bafflingspace,These pigs do not ♥♥♥♥ around !
,Recommended,393420,19528640,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr Spy,"It's a great game that is obviously still being worked on. If you're into Rust or Arc, this offers similar gameplay in terms of feel  - I would say closer to Rust in terms of GUI and interaction of menus etc. The great advantage of this game is that when you die or are killed, you retain some of your items such as backpack, clothes & weapons (Ammo, food, supplies etc are lost). The inventory isn't as extensive so do not expect tons of customisations & weapons.The only bugs i've discovered are some animals when they die, their bodies flinch as if they are possessed... and be careful not to get stuck between rocks, you will apparently fall to your death! Only gripe really, like most survival games and public servers, is the annoyance of KOS.. So I would recommend you kill everyone and anyone who approaches you or run like the wind. If you form a team, you will probably enjoy it more. Oh and it has a crosshair on screen :)I get a steady 45-60fps continous with my GTX970 and AMD FX-9590.I will probably update my review after I have mastered the technique to surviving."
76561198122689209,Recommended,393420,19555382,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,OxDragon,"If you like Rust (legacy) you will like this game alot it's like rust but more smooth graphics more nice features like cars/quads, different biomes, and  it's just all in all a fun and challenging game"
76561198116027956,Not Recommended,393420,32283907,Posted: 8 June,all,omae wa mou shindeiru,"The Game, when released, was an instant hit as it had everything Rust had minus the toxic community.But just after few months of release, The updates started fading out and as of June 2017, The game is officially dead with no updates or info from devs.It is a great game and worth buy only if the dev's bring hurtworld back from dead.Edit: there is an experimental patch underway right now.. If all goes well This could be worth your buy since its on sale as well.."
,Recommended,393420,31748622,Posted: 14 May,all,GOAT,Have Fun finding resource with friendSteal a car and ride with friendEat orange for live
76561198147342942,Recommended,393420,31979453,Posted: 26 May,all,Miiciu,"Hurtworld is overall a good addictive game. I got raided multiple times but still continued to play. The game is much more fun and easier when you play with friends, but you need to be careful who you trust!"
76561198022182244,Recommended,393420,19664037,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Rogred,10/10 Would beard again.
76561198132966625,Recommended,393420,19674873,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,[DB]✪ 3KDS ✪,I like the idea. As long as I played its bad optimized as i had 8 fps on low grapichs even if my pc set it on high. Rezolve the optimizing problem plz.
,Recommended,393420,25300577,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jay ☯,Met a Sasquatch. Sasquatch killed me. Would recommend 10/10
,Recommended,393420,23227124,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ShaneZiggity,"I honestly don't know why this game been getting hated on recently. I know that I do not have very much playtime compared to some of the other reviewers, but I find this game extremely fun. It is relatively bug-free, and it is fairly easy to find an occupied server to connect to. There does seem to be a drop in the amount of official servers recently, but there are plenty of great community servers as well. I have yet to find any hackers, and this game has a very friendly community, especially when compared to other survival games, where you are guaranteed to be killed on sight, no matter what. There is an ever-expanding base building system that always seems to improve, allowing for more unique bases, and I find that extremely fun, as it gives players a reason to create bases that are nearly impossible to raid, yet it is also fun to try to find a way to raid differently designed bases. While this game is not completely perfect, it is still in Alpha, so I feel that it is deserving of an 8/10 for now."
,Recommended,393420,23052184,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dash,"Hurtworld ReviewI first saw the game because it was on sale at $14.99 it looked reasonably good for the price it was at, and oh boy it was! When I first logged into the game I had literally no idea what I was doing, i ran around for awhile picking up really anything i could find, rocks, sticks, etc. they need to add a tutorial for beginners because the game can be really hard at times, especially for noobs! the game is very immersive and it actually feels like you are the in the game. i see a lot of people complaining because the game doesn't have much in it, do not get put off by these reviews! the game is still in early access! which means they are not finished yet, they will still be adding stuff into it! The game is a very enjoyable experience with friends but is a little overpriced for what it is at the moment, make sure to buy the game when its on sale because then you will be getting your moneys worth out of it!-Zenqi7/10"
76561198217716248,Recommended,393420,23001284,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,doctorooch,"i know many other people say the game is bad and only ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and hackers play the game but that isnt true, if you play on an offical server the games are usally almost full. athough many people have the KOS mindset there are also some nice people. The only thing bad about the game is the people. The game needs more people with souls but other than that the game is great and very rewarding"
,Recommended,393420,24032076,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wildflames1,i ♥♥♥♥ing loves this game
,Not Recommended,393420,23234734,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,real marcianito,worst game wasted my money
,Recommended,393420,30307222,Posted: 3 March,all,rayolf,"Hello. I wanna share some suggestions which I believe can make Hurtworld more balanced and attractive for agressive players and casual as well:Iron armors. They don't need to be initially too sofisticated in design and crafting materials needed, like for the new players to have some more defense against late players who already have guns. So, the player could craft iron helmets and plate chest armors for better defense, but, on the other hand, this kind of armor would be very sensitive to cold and warm and also heavy. That would make harder for any player to be walking around wearing them all the time because they would easily feel warm or cold and even tired faster, like hungry. The ammount of iron pieces would also cause the player to walk and run slower. All theses aspects would create the suitable balance for theses items.Shields. It would be nice to have wooden shields which could be upgraded to iron ones or even better ones at late game. These shields and armors would have a rate of bullet proof system, like, a bullet shot on a naked head is one hit kill, but if the player is wearing an iron helmet, the one hit kill would drop to 70% chance to happen.Bullet proof rate system. It is a MUST. Like I said above, I really enjoy the headshot one hit kills in this game, because it makes Hurtworld feels more hardcore and balanced, but it would also be GREAT if by wearing some iron armors it would make more uncertain to cause damage or headshot killings, like: using the arrow or the bullet against an unprotected head would cause one hit kill for sure as it is already, but if the player would be wearing an iron helmet, that would change: arrows would have like 45% chance to hit kill and bullets would have 70% chance. So, it would vary depending on the armor material and the weapon used. That would cause a nice balance to the game, because players would stop being like immortals (for wearing an advanced armor) or bullet sponges like happen in Ark or other games.Structure destructibility resistence rate. Just like in the bullet proof system rate, the walls and any other structures of the houses would have a rate to be damaged no matter the main used by the raider, like: - Wood wall would have 75% chance to be damaged by C4 and would need one successful C4 hit to be destroyed. - Stone wall would have 50% chance to be damaged by C4 and would need three successful C4 hits to be destroyed. - Iron wall would have 35% chance to be damaged by C4 and would need three successful C4 hits to be destroyed.On the other hand, the C4 detonator cap could be a bit easier to be found, since it's an often complaint of most users.The raiding drill would have its durability decreased as long as it is used to destroy the walls in this proportion:Wood wall would require one raiding drill;Stone wall would take longer than wood walls to be damaged and require two raiding drills to be completely destroyed;Iron wall would take longer than stone walls to be damaged and require three raiding drills to be completely destroyed.But take these numbers and rates as suggestions. Ok?General itens durability. Every survival game has this and sincerely I see no reason for Hurtworld not to have the same. Like, the stone pickaxe could last for some hits and the iron one would last longer. The same for the weapons especially, so that it would again give some more balance, since the players would have to be repairing them or crafting new ones.Itens repair system. Make it possible to repair the itens partially damaged by usage. The cost for repairing could be like 40% of the materials needed to craft a new one.Terrain protection time. It's a very interesting feature that could enable the sleepers systems finally in this game without making it unbalanced for casual players neither giving the raiders too much power. The Ownership Stake would confer a temporary protection for the itens placed on the owner's terrain that would not allow other players to open chests or destroy itens neither the foundations of the house. The only destructible things would be walls or roofs, windows, such non essential strutuctures. The protection countdown would start at the moment the player's Ownership Stake is damaged by the other players, so the raiders would have to invade the base using siege weapons (C4, raiding drill) to destroy walls or roofs, but would also have to ""guard"" that location until the protection time for that terrain expires in order to be allowed to open the chests or even destroy all the structure or take the ownership of it by placing a new Ownership Stake.The Ownership Stake would confer initially 30 minutes of protection as default, then it could be upgraded to confer 3 hours of protection, then upgraded again to confer 12 hours of protection. Once again, to offer 24 hours of protection. And finally, 72 hours of protection. So this would give the lone wolf players chances to keep some of their effort preserved and also make the raider's lives more challenging since they wouldn't just ""breach and clear"", but also be guarding that location.Obviously, the cost for upgrading the Ownership Stake would increase as it levels up.Random spawn location choice. Give the players the choice to spawn randomly next to their base location. It is a feature that would fit just well with the topic before, because since the player base is raided and has it's Ownership Stake damaged, it would be no help for the owner to be respawing inside his house, since he would be an easy target for the raiders.That's it!! All these suggestions could give more balance to the game and allow the usage of more siege weapons like C4 and the raiding drill, as the developers could just make the fine adjustments on the drop rate of the items needed to craft the siege weapons."
76561198151968090,Recommended,393420,29999930,Posted: 17 February,all,SoftwareTrend,Might be a way to do a lan server ... idk but anyway ITS FUN.. Make sure you have a decent computer though.. and the commuity is pretty nice:D
,Recommended,393420,29411482,Posted: 21 January,all,BakeBoss,Good game just hard starting off.
76561198105690656,Not Recommended,393420,29413800,Posted: 21 January,all,Jediotty,This is just a rust copy. get rust
76561198180110751,Not Recommended,393420,29415880,Posted: 21 January,all,Klassiefeit,"What a waste of money.Only way to enjoy this a bit is playing alone but theres NO ONE PLAYER OPTION.Bad servers,bad gameplay and way to expensive for what it is.Radiaton island only cost a few bucks and is better than this."
,Not Recommended,393420,29385790,Posted: 20 January,all,Slyther,"Just mehhhhhhh... farm resources Zzzzz. Definitely not worth 25 bucks.Got the refund in at the nick of 2 hours, thank the Steam gods!"
,Not Recommended,393420,24331240,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,bosch,bad never buy refunded dead severs bugs no updates cash grab you know the drill
,Recommended,393420,29059058,Posted: 6 January,all,ItsJeffa csgo500,10/10 Game Bor can run over rocks and hit you nice game love it keep this in the game
,Not Recommended,393420,33791989,Posted: 25 July,all,Mini Grim,Had fun when this game first came out. Most servers seem dead now and not much has changed.
76561198212781129,Recommended,393420,33542825,Posted: 14 July,all,WolfHead Gaming,very good game if you like Rust you'll like Hurtworld
76561198146717861,Recommended,393420,34240024,Posted: 14 August,all,Jesselburg4,"The game it self is really good, when the game came out i was really hyped and played alot, but the game isn't complete.*But the game is in early acces* well, this game came out in 2015.. The beginning the devs were active, then they quited for 2 years or something. And now they come back with alot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ideas that they should do along, along time ago. Things like:- Small houses/building/monuments were you can get cummon loot.- Radiation towns, tank stations etc. (ABONNED)- NPC things you can take down for loot. Airdrops, (NPC) raiders that just drive around and shoot for 7m or something.- More weapons, clothing, backpacks. (IN THE CARTOON STYLE)- More vehicles, and better mechanics.But what they did is weird, wide, russian clothes. In a obvious H1Z1 style. Weird building objects.I hoped this game was gonna be a mix between, mad max and rust in a cartoon style. I just don't get it,why didn't they do it at the beginning. The dev blog is still going and they work at the game i guess, if there is a update they put all there creations in one update. If they just update every 2 weeks or something just small updates they can later remove it etc. Now we wait 6 months for one update and if its crab poeple leave, and are dissapointed. I DO still recommed this game, because you will enjoy it for 100 hours and then you will get borred."
,Recommended,393420,22213307,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nomeric,"stay away from server ""HurtFeewings"" the admins abuse power but all in  all good comunity except the admins."
31242314213432142,Not Recommended,393420,22241480,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,THE REAL BANANA MAN!!!!!,dull and boring could not handle the game for a second. kill me
,Recommended,393420,22487054,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Hardvoid,"7/10.PROS (5):- Nice construction system.- Nice graphics.- Balanced pvp and itens.- Can build almost everywhere.- Very fun. High potential.CONS (5):- Bad car and drive system overall.- Limited map without creativity and beautiful places.- Just few itens. Need more amount of options.- Limited construction objetcs. Cant build monuments...- So much time to developers update game with new things. Waiting too long.MODERATED (1):- Not so much players in unique servers. Need to extend the limit from 50 to 100.TL;DR: Its a good purchase and you will have fun, but, still need more attention from developers. Give a chance!"
,Not Recommended,393420,23317557,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,sufficey,This is the worst piece of garbage I have ever paid for in my life. I'd rather get a ♥♥♥♥ing ESEA subscription for competitive tf2 than play this virtual garbage can.
76561198075132070,Recommended,393420,31176421,Posted: 16 April,all,buttnhaz,"Hurtworld. This game is typically seen as a survival game clone from the same factory. I had minimal expectations when entering this game, since I was begged to death to buy it. Since I wasn't and still will never be a big fan of games alike 'Rust' I found this game a comfortable combination of a 'Firewatch'-like art style, a 'Don't Starve'-like animal world and what I appreciated least the 'Rust'-like world I was sat in. The world of Hurtworld has minimal goals and so far requires alot of work in turms of animal life, assortment of collectables and explorable structures.In my opinion it shouldn't have been made as a wide multiplayer experience, but more of a 'Don't Starve' or a 'H1Z1'-like concept. The game was to underdeveloped to be released.I hope to see more in Hurtworlds future. 7.3/10"
76561198190011441,Recommended,393420,23810518,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,isw0412,its a good game but there are alot of people hacking c4 to raid with or ammo and iam not aloud to play on moded servers and there are so many mods in this game i cant even play on a turnd up server and offcail servers are boring takes you 2 yr to get a good base cause of collecting stuff and most lickly you get raided realy fast the moding should be taken out but other than that its pretty good the hackers in unoffcail servers need a perma bann from hurtworld . i had a bunch of friends that youst to play with me before mods came out in this game and had some guys come at us with like 100c4 and its realy hard to get and battled them all night long took 5 hr of battling before  everyone gave up and left i stayed for 10 more min they lined my base with over 300 c4 our base was hurt pretty bad after the first 100 so they just were blowing it up wasting cause they were hacking one of there names looked like soda but it was diff language. other than that i recommend the game for people who fps games and survival games all together
,Not Recommended,393420,25168616,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SethRandom,"WAIT FOR THIS GAME TO FINSH. At the moment this game has nothing to offer. This is a dull rust and the only unquie thing about it is the art style. If you want this game pay $10 at most and thats pushing it.This is like every other survivial game where you wake up and start ""exploring, hunt, gather"". The reason why I wrote it like that is because there is nothing to explore and it all the same, hunting is dull and repetitive, and gathering is trash. You can play with friends but it's so boring that you won't want to.Does this game have potentail? Maybe, but leaning more towards no because it what we have seen before. It doesn't bring anything special to the table and it won't. I have played the game for a hour and I feel cheated. This was a waste of $25. I know its only in early acess but this game doesn't show any potential. These are the resons why early acess games and this one are bad. DO NOT GET THIS GAME UNTIL IT'S FINSHED."
,Not Recommended,393420,34245232,Posted: 14 August,all,ryan181818,"The devs scared away many people by not updating the game as frequently as it should of. At one point, there was only 2 people play the damn game. This game will die, as the player base is dead. Will this game break the early access barrier? Hell no...."
76561197982193473,Not Recommended,393420,34166124,Posted: 11 August,all,H4us3r,Will never be released
,Not Recommended,393420,34961553,Posted: 14 September,all,Infernal Sam,"Hurtworld is a game for you if you want to play Rust but you have a potato PC. However, otherwise DONT buy this game in its current state. First of all, the hitbox is completely broken. I threw a spear at the deer and it just went through it. Second, the map is big, but it's bland with no places to explore. Usually the towns are clogged by campers. Third, remove Bunny hop"
76561198216659611,Recommended,393420,28489649,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,kboe,Best game ever when u get into it!
,Recommended,393420,28574826,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AshyAsh,"Mad Max survival, Truly amazing, when me and my buddy went out and found a car, went raiding bases, and roaring our engine over the desert sand. Id give this a 7/10, it is ultimatley up to if you like survival games and Mad Max"
,Not Recommended,393420,33998246,Posted: 3 August,all,Nickybuttons12345,"I bought this game because it looked cool and, I cant remember where I read this, but it said it had a lot of things in it that make it different from DayZ, Rust, and the like. On top of that I had read in a different, similar post that the community was actually really cool and pretty chill, that players dont really kill each other unless they have a good reason. This seemed cool to me and I wasnt exactly thinking straight, I bought it and immediately gave it a go.As soon as I started I noticed that certain elements are pretty annoying, notably the elements. Freezing to death at night is a serious concern in this game, even with clothes (granted I only crafted a simple pair of pants but Ive read in other reviews that even higher tier clothes dont do much) along with other weather effects that give you buffs or debuffs (like rain slowing you down). On one hand this is kinda cool, but on the other it took me much longer than it had to just to craft a bow, some arrows, and a pair of pants because at night I couldnt really leave my fire and thus could only really work and be productive during the day. I did end up getting a pair of pants, a bow, and some arrows along with some food for the journey and set out towards what I percieved as the center of the map, because I figured that if everyone spawned on what I think was the edge it would be safest near the center.I barely made it any distance at all before I encountered a couple of players who said they were friendly and wanted to trade items. I cant remember exactly what they wanted for what but it seemed like a good deal and I went into my inventory, only to be shot in the face with an arrow before my screen fades to black, the last thing I see being the two people who wanted to trade with me standing over my body, rummaging through my inventory. In which they found no items any better than the ones they already had.After respawning I contemplated at the just about 3 hours worth of work I had done that was lost, and realized those three hours were spent creating a bow, arrows, and some pants only to be lost because I made the mistake of trusting other players and not just killing them on sight. I then sighed, closed the game, and havent opened it since.(Take this review with a grain of salt though, because I did admittedly stop playing this game before I managed to do a whole lot and maybe Im just♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game but I'd like to extend the bird to whoever wrote the posts that made me buy the game in the first place. Maybe if you are a fan of survival games like this you'd like to give it a go, whether you'd like it or not Im not sure, but personally I regret spending the 25$)"
76561198199576682,Recommended,393420,34333894,Posted: 18 August,all,dagamer0266,its kinda fun but it was confusing i had no idea how to play
76561198253670864,Recommended,393420,35422332,Posted: 2 October,all,🐱💕 ЌŌ干💕🐱,"Игра просто улётная но онлайн маленький сделали бы хотябы рекламу про свою игру олайн бы подлетел и всякие item v2 ненужны просто добовляйте новые веши и карты в обычную версию.The game is simply high-profile but the online little one would have made at least an advertisement about their game, the online would have flown up and all sorts of item v2 are unnecessary just add new ones and maps to the regular version."
,Not Recommended,393420,30283140,Posted: 2 March,all,StratoSphereTV,Same old bland sandbox survival BS game as it can be. Getting so sick and tired of these types of games that do nothing new at all. Just rinse and repeat every time over and over.
76561198040337661,Recommended,393420,19782725,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Redd,"Time will tell where this game goes. But right here, right now, as it is, I'm really enjoying it.If you've ever played Rust and wished your freshly built base would last more than a day, or felt the ""survival"" aspect was too weak, then you will like this game.It is early access alpha. But the game is very playable and the Devs are active.I do not regret buying this game, and I feel I've already gotten more than my moneys worth."
,Recommended,393420,19487021,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Porta1987,Right first off this game is 100x better than i expected tbh! I brought the game expecting id refund it within 1 hour but 3 hours later im absolutely still loving it.Its like rust yes but who cares where ideas of games come from it is awsome i love it and will be playing and streaming it daily you can check that out here if your interestedwww.twitch.tv/porta1987BTW devs if you see this review please make it so you can stack food as it takes alot of food to get ur hunger down so the food u need to carry takes up way to much backpack space but apart from that great job!
,Recommended,393420,21002048,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tysarmy,"It's a good game with a nice community, but most of the time my gameplay is ruined by crashes or in worse entire PC restarts and I can't back into the server I was on due to the severe lack of servers to people playing ratio. Please fix this problem,Thanks."
76561197988709211,Recommended,393420,19567883,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sifer,"So far, So good!  Played for a few hours.  It feels and plays very much like Rust (Legacy) which is a good thing in my opinion  and I had over 3k hours on Rust!! :PBuilding seems solid, no lag at the moment and fps seems constantly solid.  I think I had 1 moment of 2 seconds when it froze a little.  There are obviously a lot of things missing at the moment like textures and water etc which could when applied cause lag, but as it is at the moment I would recommend as a good early release game....."
76561197996329900,Not Recommended,393420,20382921,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Blake,I actually do reccomend this game but I suggest you wait a year or so if you like end game content in survival games.Like most people I play survival games with a few friends. We usually catch on pretty quick having played most of the big titles. Sadly once you build a base and get all the guns/gear and car parts this game feels empty. I had a lot of fun for about a week playing because I had a server with an average of about 40 people. That number dropped to about 10 after the first week and every other server I have joined has died as well. There just isnt the content that a game like this needs to keep people active and playing.I also feel like the devs are focused on some pretty useless stuff right now. After one month we are finally getting our first content update. What content you ask? We are getting giant mosquitoes and hand guns... While I have no issue with adding creatures and guns I can't help but feel like there is more important content to focus on at this time.Again I had a lot of fun with this game but at this time wait for the game to add stuff to do.Please check this games forum to verify what I am saying as well. A ton of threads currently are titled somewhere along the lines of Hurtworld is dead?!?!
76561198012088610,Not Recommended,393420,19794924,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Archaon,Spawned inGathered sticks and stoneMade hatchetGathered more stuffGot shot in the face by geared guy at spawnGot killed several more times by guys caming spawn10/10 would get killed at spawn againIn all seriousness though I honestly enjoyed the game on day 1 as everyone was new and friendly and wanted to help each other out but a day later and there are people just sitting at the spawn areas killing newbies to prevent them progressing. And apparently these bandit players get penalised for doing so. As in they lose all their stuff if they die. But what are a bunch of fresh spawns with bows supposed to do against guys with automatics rifles?
,Recommended,393420,23503114,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cslantz (watersed),"It started off as a simple gang, four of us, on a seemingly fresh server. We made a vow to rise up to power and control the lands of this hidden land! Or so we thought.It was only the first day, and food was scarce. We were stuck, bare to all elements of the outside world, living between two rocks and a campfire. One of our friends decided he was gonna go hunting, and so he ran, attacking any living thing.It was only a matter of time before we reached the news, that he was attacked by a hostile boar, killed by surprise. He had rage quited. It was apparent to us that we were too close to a junkyard and had fled atleast four miles before settling on a mountain rock. We had not known of the cold that would soon engulf us.It was only day 2, the campfire was expected to run out of fuel. Eventually we had decided that two of us would go and gather supplies, before expanding our newly formed ""Empire"".We had gathered some owong so we could satisfy our growing hunger, but that wasn't the only problem.A band of looters had joined the server, apparently had more hours on it than us, and screams of rage in the chatroom was beginning to be more and more apparent. They were hunting down treasureless poor folk, not for survival, but for a 'game', which is what they'd call it.When Day 3 rolled around, we were engulfed by the fact of getting hunted down. So we gathered our last resources and moved to a seemingly nice neighbourhood, where they had happily let us settle down, and gave us clothes and all a wood bow, each five arrows.Day 7, we had a small shack we had built, were barely the three of us could manage to fit in it. It helped atleast, keeping us safe from the unknowledgable dangers outside. When morning rolled around, we had heard three russian kids screaming in their voice chat, most likely a sign of dominance in ones opponent. We ran outside, were we came to the conclusion that we were being raided.Three kids pointed their pistols at the crouched settlers, dropping loot so they won't be killed. A body would lay next to the other, maybe he had protested. We ran for as far as we could, two of them shot and screamed at us. They were so bad at aiming we barely managed to run to a mountain top and snipe them with our bows. Killing one, the other two ran after his body, in a weak effort to take his loot to his rightful owner. We ran after them, killing another one, before the other one had escaped out of our grasp. We were praised, took our earned loot, and continued the days work.Day 30 rolled around.It was an army, atleast eight people with spears and axes running in the settlement.We were safe inside, but we had to do something.My friend yelled at them, attempting to scare them off. ""I got a gun!""We ran outside guns blazing, killing three of them before the rest scattered off.Three people came behind us and attacked and killed two of my friends.Barely managing to survive, bleeding profusely, I slowly walked to my death.Apparently, the people we killed were apart of some parade, and we got punished."
76561198267297693,Not Recommended,393420,19624041,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Mako,"Surviving the elements isnt the hard part of this game. It's surviving the other players that would rather run around and kill you, ruining the game for other players. I met a lot of cool people in the game, nice people. Good luck finding them. Good luck living long enough to find them. The very first thing that happened to me when I joined my first server was being attacked by another player. It's not what I expected at all. I was very excited to play this game. After the first few deaths I tried to just give it another shot. But after being killed so many times by other high level players, it just isn't worth it. Don't buy this game if you like actually surviving."
,Not Recommended,393420,19789222,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,night kid,do not buy game
,Recommended,393420,23074705,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Break,"Good game hard to catch on at first but is a very soild game in beta or alpha what ever it is in. But right now has no popping server for me to like. Good game grab some friends and play it, get some lols"
76561198355023229,Not Recommended,393420,29540320,Posted: 28 January,all,Scalor,"Yes yes it is a good game idea. If you want to be peaceful... forget it. In this game all people do is kill, harass, and curse not worth 25.00 but if it went to 10.00 it would be entierly worth it. So if u want to get mad and smash your computer this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,393420,22303022,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Brendan Dassey: Heiman Assassin,"Looks promising, just needs anti-cheat of some kind."
76561198031358436,Not Recommended,393420,20077455,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cireztualp,Huge lack of content. Can't recommend at the current state. Especially not for this price.
76561198041857765,Not Recommended,393420,22794066,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Salad Fingers,was kinda fun at first but quickly turned into garbage.
76561198036569233,Not Recommended,393420,35119711,Posted: 21 September,all,AwEsOm_O_3000,"No idea why ppl write a review and repeat simply what the description of the game is. No Sh!T Shirlock!Instead I try to say something important like,, This game would be 10/10 IF new players had a place to be safe. Your starter hut disapears in 2 days flat. Players loot your stuff, if they havn't already destroyed your hut and taken your stuff. When you finally get to the point of not being ravaged, and building something cool, (pure luck) they still come raid you, break your doors down, and steal your stuff.On top of all that, the servers get wiped and everyone starts over, and over, and over. There is no point other than to see if you survive, for how ever many days until server wipe.They do NOT tell you that before you buy the game. You keep nothing. Its like your favorite game crashing and losing ALL your saves and are left back at square one."
,Recommended,393420,19493300,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Skyboxii,What Rust should have been. Great game loads of fun to play a lot like Rust Alpha except better with charming graphics and awesome gameplay.
,Recommended,393420,23042680,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Crash Nebula,"-The building system is becoming more and more robust with every passing month, and allows you to be more creative with your structures (already far more so than other early access titles in the same genre). From building a giant Gothic style cathedral on a plateau to a sprawling chateu in the desert, the new building system is largely underrated.-Hurtworld is a highly stylized game, almost TF2 esque. Which means it shouldn't seem dated anytime soon.-Devs are always in touch with the community they've created.-The PvE aspect is very much prominent, making it more of a survival against the wilderness and hunger rather than other players. I haven't found many players who KOS in Hurtworld (Sure, you'll come across an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ here and there, but not as many as in other early access survival games).-Infamous system is great, and makes you think twice before you go hunting your fellow humans.-There are a handful of bugs you'll find on your journey from start to endgame, but none will come close to ruining your gameplay experience.-The crafting and sorting/splitting system could use some work, and the mob AI could be (and probably will be) improved.-In my opinion, Hurtworld is best enjoyed with a group of friends. Playing alone can be a grind but still enjoyable nonetheless.-Do not take if you are nursing, pregnant, or may become pregnant.-If you have an erection lasting longer than 4 hours, do not take Hurtworld without some sweet hussies by your side.Hurtworld is definitely heading in the right direction. Most reviews I've seen have been way off point, considering that Hurtworld is not a fully released title. The playerbase has dwindled quite a bit, but you can still enjoy Hurtworld on a handful of very populated servers. Hopefully the Steam store announces Hurtworld's official release, because it's not an experience you'll want to miss."
76561198257666168,Not Recommended,393420,28168034,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[DBG] SteezyNickNasty,"First off i would like to say, Hurtworld has been on my wishlist for some time now. This game has some vey cool concepts and adding in vehicles was a great way to go. Overall Hurtworld sparked my intrest because i love survival games, but when this game says its a HARDCORE SURVIVAL GAME.. it means HARDCORE. I live more for the pvp and base building side of the game, the building is too glitchy.. people had bases floating in the air. I gave this game a good solid 2 hours of playtime before i decided to refund it. 24.99$$$ is WAY too much for this game. I wouldnt recomend this game to anyone, id recomend rust. THIS GAME GETS A 3/10 FROM ME."
76561198183886734,Not Recommended,393420,29707760,Posted: 4 February,all,theesterlines,do NOT buy it is barely ever updatedand the community is crap
76561197970987386,Not Recommended,393420,19661601,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,gribs,"If you've played Rust, this will hit exactly the same notes for you. For better or worse, it suffers from all the same issues as Rust.Mechanically, the game is sound, but the toxic social dynamic this kind of game inevitably breeds turns it into a rich-get-richer Deathmatch experience at the expense of new players. The fact that you retain your gear upon death only serves to widen the gap between new and old players."
,Not Recommended,393420,22719049,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hallowfest,I was very excited about the new patch. I loved the new patch! Until the c4.C4 is so over powered it's sad. Built a really well thought out base with lots of honey combing and yet they were able to just rip through it like it was made of paper.Do NOT pick up this game till they fix this or expect to lose your entire base within 2 days.
,Recommended,393420,22519364,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Cruhatt,this game is allright
,Recommended,393420,22553545,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,F4CH,GOOD GAME :DDD
76561198136366080,Recommended,393420,22557445,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Wutdangfung,its a great game 10 out of 10 ign and iv had the game for 2 days
76561198158936433,Recommended,393420,22781330,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dred,nice game
,Not Recommended,393420,35131960,Posted: 22 September,all,Lord Beor,Nope. Early access survival scam. aaaand it's not that good of a game anyways. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,393420,22810437,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,deneuk,"Killing field, not worth it."
,Not Recommended,393420,19624723,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Frosty,Spawn killing simulator.
,Not Recommended,393420,22837430,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zeevolte,If you want a real survival game try Don't Starve or DayZ because this $25 peace of crap is not worth it.
,Not Recommended,393420,25194567,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Lonley Luigi,Game requirements are wrong.
76561198124864789,Not Recommended,393420,24928160,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Liberate the Lobsters,I really did not enjoy this game for the time that I had it. it was very hard to start of and you have no sense of direction when you first begin. if this game was free I would definitly understand but since it is 25$ I would say it is not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,393420,31817373,Posted: 17 May,all,SGTSylver,Any hope the game had to be decent was destroyed with hacks and aimbots. Don't bother wasting your money.
,Recommended,393420,23229633,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,NigerBeer,nice game
,Recommended,393420,32709424,Posted: 23 June,all,Sisko,Sooo about this game. Hurtworld has lots of potential to be an even better game than it is now. With the time I've spent in the game I have good understanding of how things go. The devs are working hard to push out updates and the game itself is great aswell. The only problems come to server population. Most U.S. servers are dead or modded to all hell. The only places you can find running servers is in Russia ! If the devs can find a way to get a spike in popularity and push out more and more content this game will do great.
,Recommended,393420,25118159,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,-_- csgoatse.com csgowitch.com,black salami approves
,Recommended,393420,22827545,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Harambe,"Its a good game for the hardcore gamers.It does have its cones though, you can not save the progress, and its a bit slow paced.But I had a bit of fun and im not a hard core gamer, so I can imagine that other people might like this game, so ill recommend it."
76561197970345919,Recommended,393420,19775876,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TheRagingGerbil,"Froze to death in the first five minutes.Learned from my mistakes, built a campfire next time around.Survived the night.Died to a really angry deer creature.Learned agained.Died to heatstroke in the desert...Will continue to learn.10/10"
,Recommended,393420,19644707,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,★Xelhashy★,Orange farming simulator 2015
,Recommended,393420,33841299,Posted: 27 July,all,FatBoi,Definition of cancer
,Recommended,393420,19483066,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zaaaaa,If you're a fan of Legacy Rust in any way what so ever this is the perfect game for you. The mechanics are rusty but as are any for a game that just comes out. The crafting system and the building system is done perfectly in my opinion. The mobs are almost all hostile making the survival aspect of the game an actual task. The graphics are beautiful and there is CARS.
76561198113329379,Not Recommended,393420,23232689,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pan Golonka,Don't buy it!!! this is next DayZ...  They do not add new content...
,Recommended,393420,19605218,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nihil Reich,"the name is appropriate, it does hurt indeed."
76561198258340472,Recommended,393420,23097025,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,selector WinFortune.co,this game is fun
,Not Recommended,393420,22229268,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Anarchotic,Absolutely nothing like I expected. Have beast pc but cant run this low graphic game!
76561198201033228,Not Recommended,393420,23990632,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Drutten_Mini,it suck!!!
,Recommended,393420,19663414,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,lord.cyber²,10/10 ~ Dead Isis Members
76561198311609863,Recommended,393420,24765501,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Pig_swagger,I LOVE THIS GAME PLZ ADD MORE GUNS ADD MORE VEHICLES MORE TOOLS AND MORE OF EVERYTHING NEW STUFF ALSO LIKE TAMABLE WOLFS AND BEARS AND STUFF THANK YOU!!!!!!
76561198034856676,Recommended,393420,19833933,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Azed,"Now i have 51 Hours. So this game start very nice! no bugs no lags and a very nice craftsystem. So much stuffes, and the first Animal killed me was a Yeti :D. It is a very hard sourvival game. Play it better with your friends, mor fun :). And when you finde cars or a quat, and found some items for the car, you can drive over the map :D. You can bbuy it dont worry :).Nice Sounds.Nice gameplay.Craft System is so big.Nice game Graphic (Commic)."
,Recommended,393420,23540392,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,random.png,Игра богооов 10/10
,Recommended,393420,24326089,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,yipi,best game na
,Recommended,393420,21673631,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,| MineQuito | CsGoAtse.com,Very nice
,Recommended,393420,23552560,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,PraeteXO.,"I never write reviews for most of the games I play because normally the devs of a game don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥what people think about it, as long as they make money. That is different with Hurtworld, for the past year I have been keeping up with the game and the development and can say this game is by far my favorite survival game. If you are reading this review and enjoy any form of a survival game then continue reading but be prepared to buy the game. The 5 things you should know about this game prior to buying, 1.) The devs do care about putting out quality updates, so be patient. 2.) The community is great for a survival game, friendly groups, not so friendly groups, 10 year olds, grown adults, etc. 3.) There are aspects of other survival games within, but it is not just a ripoff of another game. 4.) Playing with a group or friends is the best way to experience the true feeling of Hurtworld. 5.) Do not rage quit and return the game instantly, the game takes time to learn if you are the first on your friends list to buy it, but it is well worth."
,Recommended,393420,19547341,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,BLØØD,It was your typical sunday evening when i saw my friend on a new game. I took a quick look and with little to no hesitation i purchased it for a measly $20. Within 30 minutes of playing the game i encounter Lord Lorik and murder him in cold blood to avenge my fallen comrade.10/10 would murder again!oh and the game is pretty great aswell :)
,Recommended,393420,19728526,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Moose,Aboriginal SImulator 2015
76561198062378161,Recommended,393420,19686550,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GrilledCheese,1. Bought Game2. Met people who were friendly and tought me how to play3. Found more people group of 44. survived and hunted together for a while5. One guy was killed by a guy with a rifle intense as ♥♥♥♥ but escaped6. sandstorm rolls in...we loose another guy down to two7. Fiind a radiated aircraft carrier in a desert8. Buy this game...
,Not Recommended,393420,20232570,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,billy,No
,Not Recommended,393420,20453106,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Vanessa,This game aint worth Lindsay Lohan
76561198179005293,Not Recommended,393420,29583470,Posted: 30 January,all,samuel,why not singleplayer
,Not Recommended,393420,20361271,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Rice mochi,"Think twice before buying an early access game.Have you already thought twice about it? Think again then, untill you completely decide to not buy this raw piece of work."
76561198097743854,Recommended,393420,30679720,Posted: 22 March,all,Tom_cat114,Quality game.  Really fun to play with mates. But a little in the expensive side to take that risk. Well worth it but game can be kinda dead sometimes. Great concept though.
76561198055865356,Not Recommended,393420,32003343,Posted: 27 May,all,ΜЯ. گĬŁĚŊČĘ,"First of all pls excuse my bad english i hope u will understand everything.There is a lot to say about this game.I bought it fo0r 23€ because my friends played it and i must say it wasn't really worth it, here is why:The Game doesn't give you a lot of oppertunitys to do something. You can build a few things, kill i think 3-4 types of creatures and farm stuff like wood, stone etc. The building system is one of the worst systems iv'e ever seen, it's so difficult to build a really good base because u cant just build, no you have to use the points on the foundation and every structure has there own points were u can build further and these little f***ers can be quite annoying. I farmed a few hours for my motorcycle and hell i was excited, as soon as i drived this bad boy i got dissapointed by the physics of this. Every little rock, edge of something, even normal ground drops you quite often of the motorcycle and damages you a lot. The car building thing is nice but you can't take parts of a vehicle off. The Areas where the radiation kills you (doesnt include ores) are so useless because there is no reward to get, so hazard cloths are only for ores. The Map is not to big, i mean of course it depends on how many players on the server play. The area is not really good created e.g. some of these big mountain rocks are just flying or standing on 1 cornor (totally unlogic)There is a lot of other stuff that can be made greater. We will see what happend in the future.Dont be afraid there is of course fun included. I'm playing with a friend and we had some nice moments. e.g. he closed the garage door and died cause of falling damage? =DD You fly like 50m when u drop of your motorcycle and some other bugs that are quite funny. A funny thing to mention is that u dont get wet when u sit on a motorcycle while its raining xDOverall i can't recommend it at the moment because for 23€ you will get hell of a lot more fun in other survival games. I think the developer just rushed through the creating process and hoped for some money (it looks like he took a shi* and developed this game meanwhile). Due to the fact i can't get my money back i will play it because me and my buddy having some fun. I hope they will change so much in the next time.I hope you did understood everything and it helped you out while you looking for some infos"
76561198142010061,Recommended,393420,22638593,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sarnt longcock,Way to much fun
76561198103782246,Recommended,393420,31884769,Posted: 21 May,all,- Kylekai,"Pretty good game, but starts to get boring after a while."
,Recommended,393420,23778782,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,John Wick AKA GammaGames,i liked the fact that it was a survival games with yetis
76561198108919110,Recommended,393420,22811177,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,"Ryu ""Respect Da Process""",no bueno!~
,Recommended,393420,19530664,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Septicalx | EnyvusFlicks.exe,My favorite part is when the sloth eats the mans. 11/9
76561198142485061,Recommended,393420,22802800,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Gnomish Sex Offender,Its a really good game! very similar to Rust in all the right ways but with a very attractive cartoonie art style to it i would for sure recommend it BUT MAKE SURE YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH
,Recommended,393420,28259461,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,AKABram csgobounty.com,I really like it mwoan
,Not Recommended,393420,20527750,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,F3R0x,"What I expected: a hardcore realistic survival FPS that does not become trivial after estabilishing basic needs.What I got: an easy, medium-paced, unoptimized, unrealistic survival FPS that becomes trivial after estabilishing basic needs.4/10 would die from either hypothermia if you didn't place a campfire or from heatstroke if you did place a campfire again."
,Not Recommended,393420,20672185,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,KFC,"ALL of the official servers keep kicking me bacause ""My ping to to high"". Why is this happening? I payed you TWENTY DOLLARS for this. Are you aware of this problem?"
76561198123588303,Not Recommended,393420,19755713,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,NaThAnIeLcA90,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game don't buy.Looking at my hours you can see that i refunded the game :)
,Recommended,393420,29944835,Posted: 15 February,all,Spoderman,"good, better with friends."
76561198032670084,Not Recommended,393420,22997958,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tamatsuri,"I very much enjoyed this game over the past two weeks (71 hours), and it's my disappointment in realizing I can no longer bring myself to play it that has bought me to write my first review!The developers have designed an enjoyable game... ruined by hackers.  When you're forced to consider a ""can't beat 'em - join 'em"" solution... it's time for you to go.  I remember buying one of those hint books for a game once, and how it completely ruined my enjoyment of an otherwise good game, so question what pleasure remains here for the hackers?  What is it about fair play that frightens them so much?The Good:Stable early access, graphics, a simplicity shouding addictive play, and enjoyable open-world construction.The Bad:Hacks that let you see people through mountians, hacks that let you find hidden homes, hacks that let you run faster, hacks that let you jump farther.Bottomline:If the developers ever figure out how to block the cheaters... I'd be back."
76561198174562774,Not Recommended,393420,31796064,Posted: 16 May,all,Kiwi,This Game Is Garbo i should i bought rust. i regret everything. this game is also boring.
76561198049370388,Recommended,393420,19492849,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Trees,A very fun game with tons to do and explore!  If you are interested in survival/crafting/pvp i suggest you give it a try its well worth it.
76561198080377662,Recommended,393420,19548613,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Rice,"I recommend this game, reminds me so much of old Rust Legacy, smooth game with 60 fps all time. Im in love with this game, on my other account i have had over 1k hours in Rust, but this one is so good."
,Recommended,393420,19547681,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Shabooya Roll Call,"Find a group of people at night by the fire, do pelvic thrust (hold G) and see what happends."
76561198049112828,Recommended,393420,19547992,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Stangle Khan,"Hurtworld is survival game like so many others. It most resemble Rust Legacy in terms of gameplay, had the Legacy branch been refined and bugfixed. The game at this point doesn't add any new ideas or concepts to the genre, but instead refines them into a much more playable game.ProsYou keep your tools, weapons (but not ammo) and gear after death. This may seem counterintuitive to a lot of people but it improves the game by reducing the rage factor. Ever played Rust and had everything you ever created stolen and destroyed? Tried starting all over with nothing but a rock to your name? It sucks. You can lose all your resources but you'll still have the means to get more, and defend yourself. It also makes the game a bit friendlier since killing random people is less profitable.Vehicles. The vehicles are a ton of fun and make moving around the map much easier. This also opens up the possibility of trading resources more easily with other groups.PVE actually has a place. Most survival games are 90% PVP, 9% falling off of stuff and 1% PVE. The creatures in this game can actually kill you quite easily if you don't pay attention or have the right equipment to kill them.The Base Building system is quite well done. Pieces snap together and you can place walls in such a way as to have them flush with rocks, preventing those annoying gaps and allowing for some cool bases into the mountains. There are also lamps you can place on walls that give a steady (and fuel free) light source so your base doesn't have to look like a cave.The graphics are nice. I like the somewhat cartoony nature of them. The way your vision freezes over when you're too cold, or blurs out when you're too hot.MulletsConsAt the moment there isn't a ton of content but the game has been in early access for 3 days as of my writing this review so give the a pass on it.It's a bit too hard to survive if you spawn in at night. The starting area should probably not get to the point where you freeze at night."
76561197973937243,Recommended,393420,19546595,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Lieutenant Dan,"After 4 hours of playing rust with borderlands graphics: banged on rocks, trees, N Mobs. Discovered there is little to NO loot makeing the vehicles useless piles of scrap (unless you're the 1st person to loot the map or an admin)... Saw a few cool zones with trees, snow, sand and dont forget the rocks. Seems like this game cld be a blast just dont expect to do any of the fun stuff you see in those videos unless you have a server to yourself.Had fun, wish I could of seen 1 slice of loot tho, even if it was trash... But hay it Early Access right."
,Recommended,393420,19547602,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,CaptainAwesum,Long things shirt first - this is a GREAT game!I never managed to get too much into the survival games either coz of where the servers were located or the PvP just ruined things for newcomers.This game gives you ample amount of Pvp yet still does not make the beginners feel disheartened.Seems quite balanced right now and a lot of fun.Has almost everything one would need in a survival game. Runs smooth even of lower-end/medium spec machines.Active devs.Growing community.I hope and guess this game will just get more and more fun with time.Thumbs up! Go get it if you haven't already!
76561198072131069,Recommended,393420,19555297,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cyber Ninja,Similar to the old Rust. Runs well and very optimized.The loot system is different from other survival games. 10/10 IGN
76561198234145160,Recommended,393420,22849146,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,iDutchDani,Really nice Game
,Not Recommended,393420,27889969,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sunny Side Up,"Hello people, if you like Rust and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about no cars and are willing to exchange some really cool features about the game (including attack hellicopters) and 5$ for cars and yetis, this is for you. Otherwise this game is like Rust but 5$ more with less features :D. I highly recommend if you can somehow not afford Rust can afford this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198104757617,Not Recommended,393420,31840090,Posted: 19 May,all,LeSpiper,"The reason why I hate this game is not because of the community or the graphics, but because of the lack of innovation within the game. It is yet another early access survival shooter. I would've liked if it was more optimized as well."
,Recommended,393420,32891987,Posted: 27 June,all,KlockedOut,fun game for friends but unless youre ELITE you cant be alone way too hard on official survers
76561198121643679,Not Recommended,393420,21016950,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Granite,I highly suggest you not waste your time(YET).
76561198086565106,Not Recommended,393420,19687037,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jinsol,"This game really really REALLY REALLY boring... Not even close to what you think. I thought this was the new rust, but it was WAYYYYYYYYY worse."
,Not Recommended,393420,24054041,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,joobs,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,393420,22098295,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,iBRHooM,Arabic review!لعبة جميلة ومسلية وجماعية في نفس الوقتبس ينقصها كثيييير من الاغراضاللعبة من كثر ماهي سهلة وبسيطة لو معك مجموعة مكونة من خمس اشخاص او اكثر ممكن تخلص اللعبة كاملةبحيث تسوي كرافت لكل الاغراض حتى الصعبة منها وتلقى جميع الاغراض حتى اللي المفروض انها تكون نادرةوتخلصها كلها في يوم او يومين او يعني بالكثيييير ثلاث ايامبس يعني اللعبة بشكل عآآم مسلية وماهي لمدى طويل ولا حتى متوسطيعني حقت لعب ابو خمس ايام او اسبوع مع ان ماظنتي توصل اسبوع اصلا بس يعني بالكثيير
,Recommended,393420,34519836,Posted: 26 August,all,ZimNguyen,"I remember in 2015 i buy this game , and play with my friend it a verry funny monment this game just great, it make me have to many memorys, btw i love this game!"
,Recommended,393420,34690333,Posted: 2 September,all,G★H ★Dєιzzєя★/★,gg
76561198207784656,Recommended,393420,34451820,Posted: 23 August,all,KindaTrashTbh,yeah its ok i guess
,Recommended,393420,32652549,Posted: 22 June,all,Grizzly Man,"In my opinion Hurtworld is a fun game with great potential.  It's an early access game so its not the most polished game, yes there will be bugs and glitches, and some would say its short on content (though with 500+ hrs on record I'd say I've got my moneys worth and then some.)If you play/enjoy survival games you know what to expect, lots of grinding, base building, pvp, but the community and your involvement is really what makes the game come alive. You will make friends, you will make enemies, you will build up and then have it taken away, its a world full of hurt but you play for the good times in between.If you can get hurtworld on sale I'd reccomend giving it a try. A major content patch is on the horizon and I have high hope that it's only going to get bigger and better."
,Recommended,393420,28108323,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Connor,10/10
76561198165516552,Not Recommended,393420,29401371,Posted: 21 January,all,Pavel Zmrd,"♥♥♥♥ing hard to play, just freezing, no items ...."
76561198079641175,Not Recommended,393420,29415170,Posted: 21 January,all,Cody,"This game is not worth the money, for the price i would expect it to have a built in-make-your-own private server so you can play with your friends without the hassle of people online. It DOES NOT have this feature...If you want to go and buy a 20$ server a month or a week and set it up and do all this complacated stuff just so you can play with your friends privately go ahead.I personally think that a game like this should already have that option built in at start. i cannot vouch for this game since it does not lend itself helpful in any way in reguards on how to play or playing on your own much less the lack of private play."
,Not Recommended,393420,29420631,Posted: 22 January,all,@hk,"Osobiście gra nie przypadła mi do gustu. Wyrzucone 80 złotych w błoto, ale czasami tak jest. Gra jest nudna i po kilku godzinach odechciewa się w nią grać. Tak naprawde jeżeli mamy ekipe złożoną z 2-3 lub więcej osób, które w tę grę umieją grać, możemy podbić cały serwer, lub zdobyć wszystko co się da w tym ''survivalu'', jeżeli można to tak nazwać."
,Recommended,393420,23468574,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Zeke,Very nice its like rust
,Not Recommended,393420,34225007,Posted: 13 August,all,lynkinn,"I seriously don't recommend buying the game at all. It died out very quickly. As you can tell by my hours I have played, I have not played much because of how dead the game is."
,Not Recommended,393420,22238733,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Loremaster Tim,"Don't fall for yet another steaming pile of early access garbage. Terrible graphics, terrible gameplay, terrible community."
,Not Recommended,393420,22200692,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,N4,"Really broken and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times.   could be pretty good.  isnt.  needs playerbase, and better thought out updates."
76561198142768304,Not Recommended,393420,22310270,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,DedSen,This game lags way too much.
,Not Recommended,393420,22434670,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,aszoon,"Game is very bad. Since i bought i dont see nothing new. This games is one type. get resources - got killed by russian 10 yrs old kid. Get resources - built house - go out to get some resources - russian kid is camping u. Got killed with bow from antoher map place. U are tryharding try to kill some one with bow, i guess guy with m4. U hope i will get hes m4? NO. Hope to get hes ammo? NO coz he reloaded and he doesnt have ammo in  inventory. Optimisation VERY VERY VERY BAD- GTA V (med) 41fps+-. Hurtworld (minimal) - 20-25fps+-. What u can get from killing - nothing - 100(its not so much, u can make from it 1 ceiling) wood. So if u want to buy this &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. Dont even try please! Buy i guess minecraft or rust! Why u buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ye-ye in this game are cars cool cars - cars are lagging-ugot killed because lags. And lags i dont mean freezes on your pc noooo. Car just freezing in 1 place and you can move ur crosshair type in chat and another. And anyone can kill u. With cars are no perfomance lags just stopping. And yeah. Please tell me how can i get amber i am chopping ABOUT 2 FCKN hrs. And i doesnt got 1 amber yet. (To know- without amber u can't do anything) Hope u will use my review as helpful and u will buy another  game. So much batlle royale and survial games are behind u, ( RUST, ARK SURVIVAL, RUST LEGACY and much much more just google or find.)"
,Not Recommended,393420,22268815,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jackie Moon,Current game is not worth 30 bucks.That's all you need to know for now.
,Not Recommended,393420,23998686,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bong Captain,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,393420,19973374,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ратмир Шишков,+
,Not Recommended,393420,19829576,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Señor Smeck,"The game crashes in the loading screen every time I attempt to open it, and it's not like my PC is bad as it can run Battlefront at Ultra. This game is awful (for me at least) and would not recommend at all >:("
76561198113990067,Recommended,393420,19695942,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Did you tell your parents?,"1st review of a game.Bottom line:  Great game, polished, fun, punishing and developing.Why you should play this game:1)  Infamy system.  Although this seems like a small addition, it makes all the difference in the world for the game.  Contrary to what others say, you aren't KOS to everyone.  In fact, on my server, you kinda learn where to go and where not to go.  Yes, there are KOSers, but I'd say 60-80% of people won't KOS you.  Why?  Because when their infamy goes up, they have a chance of dropping items that wouldn't drop otherwise.2)  Trading.  I've played many hours of 7dtd, Rust, H1Z1 and more.  This was the first game I actually executed a trade with players I didn't know IRL.3)  Resource gathering.  Any veteran of new Rust knows how limited the resources are.  Gathering 10,000 steel, 10,000 lumber and 10,000 stone simply wasn't fun after awhile.  This game has rare materials (amber, earth magnets) along with rare ores (red, blue and green).  The tougher mobs also drop loot needed for end-game stuff (Yetis, sasquatches).  This creates a nice progression...sorta like an MMO.4)  Crafting has a nice progression.  Most of my previous time was spent on Rust...where the difficulty was actually finding recipes.  In this game, you know all the recipes, but you need to find the materials.  A much welcome change in my opinion.5)  Combat progression.  Since crafting guns WILL take some time on a wiped server, the majority of early game battles will revolve around melee and bows.  Any veteran of Rust knows how a new server wipe goes...within 2-3 hours people will be running around with AK's.  Not in this game."
,Recommended,393420,19787722,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tech,"I feel like this is a very good game already and its only alpha , playing with a group of friends and taking time to learn the game is worth it and i highlly recommend it to anyone thinking about buying this game and i cant wait to see the full verson of this game"
,Not Recommended,393420,21366470,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,POiSON,"Waste of $25, worst game i've ever seen on steam."
,Not Recommended,393420,25125250,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Bambino,This game is a jokeEdit: does it still suck?
76561198109839434,Recommended,393420,19558283,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,New Orleans Style Spanish Rice,"** DISCLAIMER: This game is very Early Access so it's based of that. First things first, this game is pretty fun to me and offers a great experience when playing with friends. Now however there are bugs like always this is one very big one. The building system is so broken and has a bug with building stakes and range. So  with my experience I give the game in this stage a 8/10. I hope this has been useful."
,Recommended,393420,19550282,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MDany,"Minor bugs bit of lag here and there, but the game is very fun. Doesn't feel like an alpha. 9/10"
,Recommended,393420,19552422,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Balkan Shinobi,played 2h of this game. got addicted to it. THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS LIKE DRUGS!!!!
,Recommended,393420,19553241,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Honeybadger,its a fantastic game xD
76561198050324090,Recommended,393420,19551378,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cotton,
76561198125828539,Recommended,393420,19842647,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Шарага встречай,"Игра харошая!!+ 70% Играков Адекватные.+ Хороший FPS, Канечно графика на любителя но мне такая по душе)+ Когда тебя убивают, пропадает только твой лут, но оружие и одежда остается, как помне это КРУТО! Но есть канечно Хардкор сервера где всё выпадает.+ Удобное упровление.-1 Скучновато будет, но всё же играть можно.- Бывает лагает потомучто васнавном вы будете играть не на Офицыально сервере, потомучто В россии только 1 сервер он в Москве.Итог: Игра хорошая особено если вы любите жанр игр SIRVIVAl,  С друзьями будет ещё виселее.Оценка: 9/10"
,Recommended,393420,32052111,Posted: 29 May,all,Huduy,"I like the art style of the game, but i think there should be a singleplayer mode so people can explore the game by themselves and have an unbothered experience"
,Recommended,393420,29595173,Posted: 30 January,all,Pvt. Maggot,10/10 would freeze to death again
,Recommended,393420,19698218,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Qanimh,Симулятор бомжевания 13 убитых бомжей/13 убитых бомжей
76561198058139938,Not Recommended,393420,22860420,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,CorpLee,DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE A HIGH PING!Most server kick you if your over 200.70% kick you if your over 300And if your like me at a normal 600 (due to my Very fast upload speed but very slow download speed) YOU CAN'T PLAY ANYTHING.I wish there was something in the Description informing us that this game will not allow you to play with a high ping. Wish I could get my money back
76561198095351841,Recommended,393420,23240878,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Educated_Redneck,"From what I have played, this game plays well, if it had better server support i may have played more. Overall i give it a 7/10!"
76561198271702500,Recommended,393420,24105283,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Cheezus,i wish i had this game for free i missed the steam summer sale :(
76561197981330794,Not Recommended,393420,22947218,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Phycoweirdo,"Played for too long, cant refund. like the store page says, probably worth waiting on."
76561198153440746,Not Recommended,393420,23942266,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,skinsjar.com Farmskins.com,"This game is alright at first, but then hits a wall when trying to get advanced things. It was tolerable until I experienced the first server wipe, which destroys all the progress of all players. farewell all my hard work. Don't buy this game unless you want to be sworn at, shot, stabbed, ran over, and have all your progress destroyed every 2 weeks,"
,Not Recommended,393420,19925546,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AaronHatesYou,Thought this game would be good because of the reviews...boy was I wrong....This game really sucks...You can tell its lack of content due to game size....less than 300mb. Its not worth the 20+ dollars.4/10
,Not Recommended,393420,19920040,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,eTTa,10/10 WOULD DIE OF FIRE OR HIPOTERMIA AGAINALSO MEETING BRASILIANS SIMULATOR
,Not Recommended,393420,23577377,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Picklo Joe,Bad
,Not Recommended,393420,23601007,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gman - CS.MONEY,"Started off promising, updates came slow into the game. Not much has changed, it had potential."
,Not Recommended,393420,19908566,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MACHADO,♥♥♥♥♥game not funny waste off money and drives like crap
76561198084833820,Recommended,393420,19818823,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Sebek,Buy this game fgts
,Not Recommended,393420,19821702,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Austin,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SHETIST GOME OF 2K69,♥♥♥♥♥THO JOPS IN DE GOME, THEY AR GEYY"
,Not Recommended,393420,19821846,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,dsgf,"While playing this game i felt like im playing the Rust. Map looked like its taken from Rust. Did refund the game, still in alpha, community is already unfriendly.  Graphics are ok, still dont get why cant we chop trees. Wouldnt recommend the game until it goes out of alpha."
76561197992196751,Not Recommended,393420,19828322,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,butter,"Just no.I bought this game because it had the TAG Co-op. I wanted to play with my friends and my friends ONLY. This game has NO Co-op option.The only option to play with game is in multiplayer servers.Mutiplayer = Bunch of ***holes.I was killed within 15 mins of spawning in by folks with guns, and all the got from me was, stone and wood.Just really????"
76561198011729958,Not Recommended,393420,20240057,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mantequilla,Review of the game at this point:No.Edit (3-3-16): Still nope
,Not Recommended,393420,21134359,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,HKUSP,"Can not customize controls! Can not set right mouse button to move forward, until I can use the key config I am comfortable with, I can not play :(   -  This has been fixed. Key binds are functioning properly, but I still can not recommend this game. It just lacks sooooo much, it has potential but currently is very light on content.  It is worth 9.99 on sale."
,Recommended,393420,33263646,Posted: 5 July,all,Big bird,怎么回事？服务器老是新的提示要更新新版本！！、
,Recommended,393420,22893464,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mr.Devlin,I have enjoyed playing this game with my friends but living in New Zealand access to any well populated servers is lacking so my friends and i have created our own server with some practical extras which emprove the survival experiencehttp://hurtworld-servers.net/server/12559/
,Recommended,393420,22888511,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,duriantong,We should have a map in the game. 有地图会更好。
,Recommended,393420,22888879,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Nerex,"I would definetly recomend tis game, for those of you with good computers, BUT the rubberbanding on the servers is real! i dont lag, but its just crazy how bad it is for me."
76561198062639296,Not Recommended,393420,20370743,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Chang,How long update ?
76561198192390355,Not Recommended,393420,20719523,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Zahid Zack,The game is turning out to be♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198217006207,Recommended,393420,19490858,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,jeremy.bacigalupi,How do you collect wood in early game? Apart from that runs 🤔 60/100 on Mac gaming is good plz make it better for Mac gamers plz
,Recommended,393420,19489790,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lastern,"%100 Fun!! TF2 Graphics, Mad Max cars and Rust!!"
76561198056809228,Recommended,393420,19491926,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MrSavageRaider,"This game is freaking awesome!  This has so much potential and if it continues down the current road will be the game that kills all survivals.  I like the infamy(SP?) system that is currently in place, it reminds me of being Order/Chaos in Ultima Online.  The more infamy you have (killing people) the higher chance you have of dropping weapon/tool/other loot.  When you dies you always lose you resources.  This game is really great and is everything that Rust should have been and it just released to steam.I have never been so inclined to write a review until I started playing this game.  10/10"
,Recommended,393420,19490167,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TAIwhite,"Really impressed with this game, its just been EA released and so far no glitches and everything seems to run smooth. The gathering doesnt take up all your time. The PVP is fun and you dont lose your tools and armor should you die so little time is wasted.. I enjoy the survival aspect and i can see this game being a great one to roleplay in too.."
,Recommended,393420,19812368,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Swigidi,Like good old Rust Legacy. Ten outta ten.
76561198107315181,Recommended,393420,19526649,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ashatwinkletoes,Mac version is not wroking currently
,Recommended,393420,19517365,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,EliteChris,this game is amazing. been playing for about 4 hours now. few bugs need fixed but what can u say still in early release. great game 15/10 IGN :)
,Not Recommended,393420,22985046,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,✪ Resty ✪,"Had lots of fun playing it...for 5 hoursIt gets boring easily. Play it with somebody, like teamwork, it may be cool then. But when you're alone, it gets boring quickly.If i could, i would refund it"
76561198183631823,Not Recommended,393420,19705695,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ImFrinLee SkinsGambling.com,This game seems fun at first but uts not. You get supplies then get rekt.....
,Recommended,393420,19834912,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Eazy-E,"Im still thinking, should I play rust or hurtworld. Either works."
,Not Recommended,393420,20298979,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[?] Parousia ネメシス,"The game is good if you're playing with your friend, if you're a loner like me don't buy this.Don't get the wrong idea, this is a very good game. I like how everything works except for one thing; PKs, this is pretty normal but I kinda hate how things works here, there's a feud between Nations in SEA servers which makes the game even more horrifying; imagine looting resources to build your workbench, then a player with assault riffle rushes in and kill you. All advance players with their advance weaponry and armors kill newbs for the fun of it. (WHERE'S YOUR HUMANITY?!) Anyways, the mechanics and all is okay.This game is not a jest, this feels like mortal online tbh."
76561198121057232,Recommended,393420,19818792,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,A(E)Hopsin101,"Hurtworld. One of the best survival games I have played in a while. This game is basically a much better virison of Rust. It's a great game to play with friends, and even solo it's a blast. I am about 100 hours in, and still having a great time. There is a decent amount of content, but once you get to end game there is not much else to do besides PVP and wait for new content and maybe expand your base.I would reccomend this to anyone who likes online survival sandboxs."
76561198201882908,Recommended,393420,30465496,Posted: 12 March,all,Moreno,"Very good game, Its the best optimized game if ever had.You should buy it!"
76561198069631257,Not Recommended,393420,24388230,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TheAngryGiraffe,"Played 15 minutes, including loading times. Died 10 times upon arriving in server. Switched servers. Same thing. Its exactly like Rust, and every other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t survivor game that doesn't allow for single player support. Its all about ""killing noobs hurr durr hurr"".Absolute garbage."
,Not Recommended,393420,33316904,Posted: 6 July,all,Bitelchus,"Game can be fun, and exploring is interesting, but servers go offline or old very often so all your progress is lost.I think that this can be a very good game with a ""solo"" option for lone wolf players, like ARK, THE Forest or THE LONG DARK, but for now I'm really bored, I don't want to start again in a 5th server."
76561198137884325,Not Recommended,393420,34248994,Posted: 14 August,all,Seth Rogen,this is the most pethetic excuse for a game ever it is like the ♥♥♥♥♥iest version of rust out there
,Not Recommended,393420,20354523,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,push to car no start key,If you like getting killed for no reason and/or kill for no reason this game is for you
76561198039324761,Not Recommended,393420,33863877,Posted: 28 July,all,Flacid Pinky Toe,This game is now garbage
,Recommended,393420,34186599,Posted: 12 August,all,[YT]GewoonDipsi,This is a fun game
76561198100327034,Recommended,393420,34216618,Posted: 13 August,all,NorwegianToast0,how can i host my own lobby?
,Not Recommended,393420,22803133,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[BBC] Glass,"Its great in the beginning when you are having tons of fun with a friend. Until you ♥♥♥♥ing build a great base, then get destroyed because some guys drill 10+ hours per day into this game and camp every good location on the map.Also, gathering resources is a pain in the behind, and is incredibly tedious."
,Recommended,393420,34052277,Posted: 5 August,all,MoJoe4Real,SPAWN-  killed by the sunSPAWN-  killed by a group of 8SPAWN-  killed by a trap int he spawnSPAWN-  lived for 5 mins killed by the coldSo im going to give 5 stars i love this game so much!!! lol
,Recommended,393420,21570819,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,CRIMSON,10/10
76561198356795745,Not Recommended,393420,34026692,Posted: 4 August,all,SLIM,This is the worst purchase i have made on steam. For $25 you might as well get a different survival game. I came from rust to this and it completely did not live up to my expectations. It is very boring and way too complecated to do something as simple as building a base. This is a dead game.
76561198120766124,Not Recommended,393420,33108363,Posted: 1 July,all,SulphurPotato,Could not get the game to launch. My friend bought the game and it would not launch for him. I was pretty happy to catch this game on sale so im sad it will not launch.
76561198203294692,Recommended,393420,28257654,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DJ ReVinsky,Good game
76561198203333679,Recommended,393420,28238468,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DE_LICIOUS ツ csgogem.com,good game
76561198121973819,Not Recommended,393420,24922932,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,thatkaleguy,10/10 Would get ♥♥♥♥ed over by my own totem again.
,Recommended,393420,19539068,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cadian,pretty chill
,Recommended,393420,19555997,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,sk8,"Sick game, surviving is an actuall struggle."
,Recommended,393420,19547544,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Shelby,"Very simple and easy to learn when you first start, extends into a very difficult high end crafting game with different environments, lots of hardcore end game stuff/pvp as well. 10/10 I'm gonna be playing this for the next year. Also the vehicles are amazing, i had 3 quad tires and 1 giant sand tire on a dune buggy LMAO"
76561198102781318,Recommended,393420,19534162,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Brute,fun game very similar to rust in playstlye
76561198088914280,Recommended,393420,19544881,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Macho Salad,"Next best thing after arma , amazing. 10/10."
,Recommended,393420,19555945,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Eugene,Great little game with all the basic (and then some) things to play for hours upon end.
76561198073314690,Not Recommended,393420,21037032,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CapriBoy,Gets repetetive real quick and not much to do
76561198035599980,Not Recommended,393420,21034270,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Snow,"this game was really fun the first few weeks it came out, but the latest updates are making the game too hard."
,Recommended,393420,19540038,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Senpopai,Seems like a good game so far. Kinda disappointed that you don't lose your stuff when you die. I feel like that gives all survivors in a survival game a reason to not get involved in certain situations and be careful.
,Recommended,393420,19544503,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,^0          MW2_G0D,i had fun.
,Recommended,393420,19591232,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,dylan3vans,"The artwork is smooth.The gameplay is smooth.The UI is smooth.10/10 buttery heaven.All seriousness, buy this game it's mega fun solo / with friends."
76561198219302273,Not Recommended,393420,19814925,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,alexeirobles,really cool game but it is super laggy and well i did not have fun. I put the graphics on low and it still was pretty bad.
76561198072665424,Recommended,393420,29722350,Posted: 5 February,all,Adam,It will more fun if with better graphics and keep update
76561198059604038,Recommended,393420,29747526,Posted: 6 February,all,Keith15545,Rust for potatoes.
,Recommended,393420,34749868,Posted: 4 September,all,Anti-Environment,EAC connection problem for my mac. Help!
,Recommended,393420,24471361,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hermz,Nice Game
,Recommended,393420,20029078,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Koala,I really reccomend this game because although its in alpha it plays like a full game.
76561198126648818,Not Recommended,393420,21005493,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,dnroeder,"It has horrible lag and its one of the ""Online Only"" games"
76561198231041676,Not Recommended,393420,19707154,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Pipouss,"This game could've work but i don't know theres some game who just don't work for me and this game is, i think it's the slow gameplay who make me sick"
76561198051385509,Recommended,393420,19824068,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Paska Apina,"Pro's:1. Not Rust.2. RussiansCon's:1. RussiansPlayed for 3 hours straight, met one russian. He didn't even call me a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and actually shared resources with me.10 / 10 would pidr again."
,Not Recommended,393420,19884592,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Regent | Yeims,"Since i bought this game....Yeah at the ends of december 2015...Never played it lol, its so bad because i couldnt even open it, the game just froze and it was there without reaction, it wasn't my laptop causing it because i can run tf2 with the best settings and still goes around 60 fps, so i tried to refund this game, i just wasted my money on it, but nah valve just rejected my three refunds, until they got tired and answered me in a very bad way, with just a: ""no we are not refunding your game -Goodbye"" thats all... and yeah i really want to refund it because ill never play it.. and now that i know its dead.. well i think i should say goodbye to it..AND YEAH! GONNA KEEP SENDING REFUNDS!Hope this works for some of the buyers lol"
76561198244669284,Recommended,393420,33092526,Posted: 1 July,all,Martinator,sick
76561198162586938,Recommended,393420,31780720,Posted: 15 May,all,✪LifeX0,Fun game but needs to be played with friends if you want to have fun. Game has a large map with the same desert landscape. Its very hard to get into a server without getting killed within an hour. Also some major bugs having to do with claiming land and building. On a more positive input though like I said before if you have friends willing to play with you you will have lost of fun surviving and crafting your way up to be the best on the server.
,Not Recommended,393420,23212434,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Dr.xoiD,"This game was exciting and fun when I first played it, when it first came out it seemed like a solution to the legacy rust players being forced onto the 'new rust' that has failed to meet the demands of old school rust players.Hurtworld managed to fail when it had so much promise and community backing, the game wasn't updated in the time required for people to continue to have things to do.There is basically no endgame and without a suitable anticheat the game is unplayable.Not to mention the servers are all dead due to the statements I made previously."
76561198274785998,Not Recommended,393420,20548783,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,xxxkakashi,There is no direction in this game at all
,Recommended,393420,21062035,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,BravoPeople,VIP[HURT-WORLD Server](Пиратка No-Steam)✅ПРОВЕРЕНО! Качественный из Качественных!✅😱Sparta [ HurtWorld ]📌✏ /tp/home 😱 ✏🆔=>[vk.com/hurtpeople]😨🆔{LINK REMOVED}https://yadi.sk/d/VhPHj9V3oTNoR🆔✅connect 85.196.253.235:25565✅✅Ожидаем лучшего Онлайна✅🇷🇺=> :::Язык сервера Русский ::: Гл.Админ Neizwest 🇷🇺🇷🇺=> У нас лучшие сервера !Убедитесь сами!+🇷🇺✅ПРОДАЖА привилегий✅Параметры машины на которой стоит сервер!Intel Core i7-4790S CPU @ 3.20GHzУстановленная память 8.00 ГБСкорость Интернета 30МБ/СВСЕ для ваших удобств!!!Наслаждайтесь!!!connect 85.196.253.235:25565
,Recommended,393420,22285281,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Kontik,"This is kind of like what rust should have been if it had remained true to itself rather than going down the joke route it is on. That said by and large there is an overwhelming russian population, so if like me you don't understand any of that language, your better off bringing friends with you to play with or your going to have a bad time.If you through shoot on sight was bad on any other game wait until you played this, its almost like the early rust community just all up and came here.Is it worth £19? For me, yes it is but i waste money like you wouldn't believe so dont ask me."
,Not Recommended,393420,29789584,Posted: 8 February,all,☭Motherland Bear☭,another rust carbon copy that in the beginning promised to be different but is utterly disappointing.don't buy
76561198027390024,Not Recommended,393420,24072290,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,grmbga,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage compared to: ark, rust, etc."
76561198255007833,Not Recommended,393420,20600090,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,taktic,toooooooo much lag
76561198079726334,Recommended,393420,30226139,Posted: 27 February,all,[SSP] Tris70,"Man i just love this game, one of my favourite survival games to be honest. But its not perfect, not at all infact. But even with all of its problems it still has me addicted.So ill start by going over the stuff i like and dont like, this will be the short review i suppose.The good stuff:-Good art style-Big map-Lots biomes to explore-Some fun survival elements-Driveable cars and bikes-Infamous system (this system has its up and downs)-PvP can be fun (also has its problems)-Taunts and geastures-Lots of diffrent ores and items-Easy game to get intoThe not so good stuff:-Shotguns can be op-Ownership stakes (spawn points) are awful, if someone gets into your base and gets access the base can be destroyed.-You spawn within 10 seconds no matter how many deaths-Momentum is broken-Bors are annoying, they will rush you and dodge your attacks while hitting you.-Weather seems to be broken, it will be raining for 2 minutes stop and then start raining again in another 2 minutes.-RNG loot can also be frustrating when looting rad towns.-Rain can be a death sentenceBut what really makes the game so good in my opinion, is the map itself. It is designed so well, you start in the Desert forest, where you have a good amount of resources for starters and no rain. Eventually you will then move on to the rain forest wich is one of the best places to farm for Wood, iron and titranium and what not. But you will exprience lots of cold and rain, so its good to prepare some clothing before going. This is also where i normally set up my first base. Here you also find a radtown where you find car parts, ammo and dynamite. Wich you will need when moving on to the desert. You have this constant feel of progressing here wich i really like. And then theres the arctic too, where you get ultrarnium and all that good stuff.Raiding and defending your base from a raid though, not as fun. And this is all because of the ownership stake. It is just completely broken right now, how it works is that if you get access to it you can spawn on it (it only takes 10 seconds after you die) and you can basicaly do whatever you want to the base. But the problem here is that because of the spawn timer and the fact that if you dont have infamous you wont drop you gear and weapons, you can just keep running out there with your shotty ti'll you kill the raiders, or the raiders will just camp your door and wait for you to open it, so they can run in there, get access and destroy the whole base. I find this system to just be broken in every way, i just dont get it. But atleast C4 is really hard to get access to, so aslong as you spend time on the base you are good for the most part.Theres alot more to discuss about this game but for now heres my rating (ill probably update this review some time.)Rating: 7/10"
76561198007015413,Not Recommended,393420,20057756,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,sakbullets,"I spent hours trying to gether resources to build a home and safeguard my stuff.  As I finally grinded for hours to get it I had enough to build my home.  2 d bags came by and killed me as I was laying my last foundation.  It's bull s**t like that that makes a game like this a waste of money,  If you are at the top of the food chain its fun.  If you are new, don't bother because the guys who have been playing it longer will just kill you for fun and ruin it."
76561198088501365,Not Recommended,393420,20141462,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bedelboy3,Its a nice idea but servers are so ♥♥♥♥ing laggy that nobody can play
,Recommended,393420,20056441,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,OPINI0N,"10/10 Would Recommend. If you like to hear russian people laugh after they kill you and take all your stuff, this is the game for you. If you like to read what chinese people say in chat about how good china is and how they ""♥♥♥♥ Mother"" this is definitely the game for you. If you like seeing people type in chat ""BRAZILIAN SERVER"" or ""CHINA #1"" this is the game hands down what you want to spend your 20$ on."
76561198189898743,Recommended,393420,24226395,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,lilgriffinbs,this games pretty good and i do recommend it but untill they add singleplayer or pve im not playing this game again its loads of fun but im tired of working for hours on a server then logging on getting back on then someone killing me instantly
,Recommended,393420,35193406,Posted: 24 September,all,Milk Bucket,Very fun game but you get to the end to quickly. Really fun if you have friends to play with and a good populated servers.
,Recommended,393420,21146743,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Warblegarble,I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys hard games...This game is still in development so i would assume you would take it all wiff a grain of salt
,Not Recommended,393420,19825679,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Angrycouch21,"maybe if in this (hardcore survival) game they could ya know make it possible to cut down trees not hope to god you find a log considering they are completley random spawns that are focued mainly in and around the starting areas for new people, but when you know how to play games like this so you go far away so people cant constantly ♥♥♥♥ with your stuff you get screwed cause the nearest log is back at spawn but there are plenty of trees around that are only for asthetics; even after you work hard to find 5 peices of iron to make an iron axe theyre still just plastic ♥♥♥♥ing trees for asthetics.either fix it or alot more of your experinced survival gamers are gonna start finding this out also. for now I am having this game refund its not worth 20 dollars when i could just buy rust and get trolled by people on there or even wait a week for my new graphics card to come and play ARK Survival evolved (they've figured their♥♥♥♥♥♥out)"
76561198022400853,Not Recommended,393420,19825797,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Patrick Bateman,"Overall, this game has a lot of potential but it is in no condition to be sold for twenty dollars right now. I can't get on a server without severe lag and there are no directions on how to run your own server on mac. I hope this game develops over time since it has great potential but as of now I would not recommend this game to a friend."
,Not Recommended,393420,35479399,Posted: 4 October,all,Appii,"no ,♥♥♥♥ this game copy of Rustafter 5 minutes of playing i refunded lucky that refund exist , poorty optimisation ,0 playersjust buy Rust if you want to play and have truely fun"
,Not Recommended,393420,20051160,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Douwert,"I bought this game and I enjoyed it quite alot, Until I bought rust in the 2015 holiday sale. This game is in my opinion a rust clone with vehicles and cartoonish graphics. The vehicle parts are hard to come by and base building is really not up to standards set by rust, couple of examples: There are no stairs and no easy way to add windows to your base. This can be added though,The weapons are greatly unbalanced and easy to use because there is no recoil yet. End game is quite easy to reach except the vehicle part, When you build your first drill the rest becomes easy after that. The game also has a couple of glitches and one where in 3rd person your fps will drop to 2.All in all I give this game a 6.5/10 as how it is now.I would not buy it if you already own rust."
,Recommended,393420,19757187,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Surre,Fun to play together with friends
,Recommended,393420,19769257,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MyNameIsPeggy,Okay let me start off by saying this game is very very good but this is why im giving it thumbs down is because its says its for mac so it should be able to run smoothly on a mac i first get into a game and get 10-15 fps when i look in the distance i get 60 but when i look at mountains i get like 15-20This game is horrid to run on mac and there should be a way to make it run smooth on a mac i returned it the day i got it it was to much to handle and before you hate on this #Pcisthemasterrace to bad i am poor and cant afford one ;-; Bye byee...
76561198191669283,Not Recommended,393420,19792646,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,₵Ɇ₦₮ɄⱤłØ₦,great game i love it but ONE THING. i made a good start a great base and fair amount of amber i was getting witch is a hard starting mat to get. so i get my owner totem and soem guty comes along and authorizes into it and destroys MY WHOLE BASE this game is good but man their are way to many deaths and killing going on and i think its ridiculous how people who didnt place a totem can authorize it maybe if you fix thisw and make it to were only placer can authorize i am garrentead to place a good report but for now dont waste your life through taking in all thsi stress and waste of money
,Recommended,393420,19894646,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Vevn,cant get it to work on windows 8
,Recommended,393420,20014262,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Boby lee jonas Fucker,I love this game it reminds me of rust legacy but with cars!!! i would really like if xbox 0ne controler could work on it but exept for that i love it. I had a couple of problems with cars but now ik how to unflip them ad stuff so its cool. And if you are looking for a fun server join my server just type deranker in the search menu and you will probably find it.The full name of the server is Deranker&#039 idk why but i will try to change it.
76561198254877429,Recommended,393420,22574643,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ACEDES,si buen juego compralo :)
,Recommended,393420,25342919,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Tayb_Fr,Gtx 960 windforce overclock 4gbI5 3470 3.60ghz8ramWindows 10 64 bitRun it 60fps
76561198146922602,Recommended,393420,28514582,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MrBoB2246,very good game
76561197999961077,Recommended,393420,22945073,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,chris11sholtz,"Hurtworld has a lot of promise as an enticing balance between pve and pvp. The only structural drawback in this game is that after players have built a base so they can hoard their mats, it is faster to kill new players who don't have a base than farm mats for yourself.Overall, I give the game a 4/5 in it's current state."
76561198243629184,Recommended,393420,20136900,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,the kukri king 385,"this game is extremely laggy no mater where you are in the game. play at your own risk! developers, please fix this as fast as possible."
76561198104056032,Recommended,393420,19577183,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CrEaTiVe,Really fun game at first then gets kinda boring and repetitive
76561198055233217,Recommended,393420,19810014,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Lars,its quite a fun game does lack a bit of content tough there is only 5 weapons in the game atm and not really a way of base raiding appart from a rediciously expensive one costing 50 amber wich if oyu have played the game is hard to get i would say if oyu are thinking abouth purchasing this game do it but remember it is pre-alpha and it will be changed allot over the course of the next couple of years
,Recommended,393420,19834961,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rusty Rebel,very good on us chicago server i met some friendly people
,Recommended,393420,19645032,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Brendan,"I saw a bunch of minerals and resources in this open area. So i decided what the pissle ill build here and so i did and while i was cooking some HARD♥♥♥♥♥♥in my blast furnace at night the creatures were lurking and making very disturbing noises like ""HHHRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNN and the sound of of you clicking the toung to the roof of your mouth and after dieing in my base multiple times by poision i uninstalled i suggest EVERYONE to buy this game and install just to hear those creatures"
76561198159590658,Not Recommended,393420,21754318,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Anka__,MY GAME CRASHES!!!!!
,Recommended,393420,19923053,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Yung Peale,nutine värk raisk
76561198014573933,Recommended,393420,22073843,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,A-EAZY,"Having played over 250+ hours on this game and absolutely love it, I thought it is only fair that I write a review. This game is out of this world! When I first saw this on my recommended I wasn't too interest... But interested enough to go and watch a youtube video on the game, and that's when it hit me! I was instantly hooked. I HAD to buy this game, so what did it do? I bought it straight away.The game focuses with a cartoon outlook but still maintains a hyperrealistic world-like look, a great vibe on the servers and no matter where you live there are always plenty of servers with a good enough ping to play on. The server population varies depending on official/community servers obviously but there are plenty of great servers to play on.There is a fairly small amount of things you can craft compared to other survival games, but that is to be expected considering this is an very early-access game, the good thing is the Devs are frequently adding new items every update. With a big update coming over the next 3-5 weeks I'm expecting big things, which I'm sure they will deliver.Having played solo and with my friends, I really enjoyed both aspects and didn't particulary struggle on my own. So don't feel disheartened if you are going to play solo, you will be fine.As for the game performance, it is great! I currently play on an IMac, yes an IMac! I know most of you gamers would have a decent gaming PC, so if it can run smoothly on an 2013 IMac, it'll probably run even smoother on your PC!So, is the game worth getting?Absolutely! 10/10 would bang! Defintely buy the game, you will not be dissatisfied."
76561198136830290,Not Recommended,393420,22184107,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Roronoa Zoro,i bought this terrible game the day it came out only 2 updates and now there charging mor for this game nobody buy this game. go buy rust cheaper and better
76561198042267028,Not Recommended,393420,22069077,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Metalenmike,All i need to say is I wish I could get my money back...
76561198039281509,Not Recommended,393420,22014080,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Cummie Commander,"I got to the end-game in 8-10 hours. Its not fun, I'll have more fun being kept a slave in ARK, or Rust."
76561198051041660,Not Recommended,393420,22014789,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Dominic Toretto,Not as good as Rust.
,Recommended,393420,29031778,Posted: 5 January,all,KaLol_M,a good game!!
76561198027437590,Recommended,393420,22168126,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,poury hootar,joind game made house got guns found another player took me to his place let me in killed him broke his bace♥♥♥♥♥♥♥body 10/10 wold♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,393420,24980102,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,HeavensArms77,"Not a whole lot to do...played the game for 2-3 hours and about accomplished everything as far as solo stuff goes.  It is a very small map and kinda' plain to look at.Wanting to play something that I could immerse myself into only to find the same scenario over and over again without much difference.I can't call a complete waste of time, although I wouldn't pay the $25 to get it like my son did.  Might pay $10-$15.Wait for some updates if they keep coming, until then...play another survival game.3.5 out of 10"
76561198121960256,Recommended,393420,21073738,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,YA EBAL WASH ROT,nice game)
,Recommended,393420,20439263,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,CheersLoveTheCavalry'sHere.,"Siempre te matan, la cagan, la supervivencia es dificil cuando empiezas, si quieres sobrevivir mucho tiempo necesitas hacer amigos. Pero un poco divertido .... 7/10"
76561198260386891,Not Recommended,393420,20498722,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,injustice12112,TOO LAGGY HAVE TO FIX BUG THEN I PLAY
,Not Recommended,393420,20648009,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Clodyx,The worst antisocial crap out-there. What a waste of time!
76561198065776917,Recommended,393420,20925414,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Master Baiter,Very fun yes?
,Recommended,393420,20926476,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[NC] ❦-AzTek-❦,"I like this, hope to see u in game"
76561198114276980,Recommended,393420,20943358,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Obesity,♥♥♥♥YA
76561198077972180,Recommended,393420,20953352,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Nomad91,excellent game!
,Not Recommended,393420,20771725,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,4wake,"I was most excited about this game when I saw that I'd only played for ninety minutes and was therefore still eligible for a refund. It feels like TF2 meets Rust, with a very steep technology curve. You go from caveman to rifleman real quick."
76561198185039370,Not Recommended,393420,20772684,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Chanis,This game sucks it just sucks do not buy it
76561198083810707,Not Recommended,393420,20744842,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,123,This game looks promising but there is almost 0 English server on SEA region. Kinda sucks. Back to Rust.
,Not Recommended,393420,21330158,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Forebear,.
,Not Recommended,393420,19566140,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DrPooChew,Autism Trash
76561198227737184,Recommended,393420,20420188,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Skrrrr,Awesome Game keep on doing it better
76561198200251347,Recommended,393420,21149023,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Oliman2212,Best game ever like ARK awakening
76561198271140805,Recommended,393420,20654088,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MrPancake509,Amazing!!
,Recommended,393420,20642058,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,K1K4,Add me who playing this :)
,Not Recommended,393420,20677778,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,🎃 Dankrude 🎃,"I personally cannot recommend the current state ( to a point where I got a refund), yes it is an un-finished game and it does have lots of potential but currently I wouldn't say it is worth it and other survival games are better.Firstly this may not be important to some but is it me, the sounds. At the time of writing this there is NO background/ambient music of anykind, not even wind. The sounds for mining and harvesting sound not very nice and slighty as if the are peaking. When there is a sandstorm it literally hurts my ears the sound is so bad.Enough with sound lets move on to gameplay, it's very boring early on, moreso than other survival games when you start such as dayz and rust. Getting enough materials for actually getting anywhere takes forever and 9/10 you wil either get killed by another player (I havn't seen a single friendly. Kill on Sight is guaranteed) or by a buggy animal (they are just awful to deal with)I've pretty much said most of what I can think of to summerize it all off. If you enjoy long tedious grinding with very (VERY) harsh survival condition this is for you, otherwise I reccommend rust over this."
,Not Recommended,393420,20692638,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Calbliff,this game is buggy as hell on mac i mean i cant even play the damn game cause when i launch it and click on a seesion and click join it just goes back to the home menue
,Recommended,393420,19928654,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DiGiTaL FaKiE,"Trailer makes the game seam like there is alot to do, but in reality its pretty boring but still fun i guess."
76561198093621737,Not Recommended,393420,21148426,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Tacific,"It's an alright game, my computer can't really handle it though XD!"
,Recommended,393420,20246607,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub (KETH),to start off i am going to say what a great game. For sure the single best early access survival game you can get. this early on in development and i can already say that. it is the game that has been this developed this early on and i didnt regret buying it at all. id recommend it actually. the best option for anyone looking for a good survival game. with a great community and fun gameplay you cant go wrong here.
76561198051077825,Recommended,393420,19990066,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lemon Snicker Cakes,"So far I have about 2 hours logged into this game. For an alpha game it isn't bad. Personally I love survival games like Hurtworld. The crafting is pretty simple, the building is a bit like Rust, which in my opinion is probably one of the best building mechanics ive seen in a survival game. Some people are friendly, but most are hostile. I would recommend this game if you enjoy rust because its pretty similar, but at the same time it's a totally diffrent game."
76561198054225498,Not Recommended,393420,20556486,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dummy,"I really had a lot of fun in this game.However, when u spend mroe time on it, its problems start to appear.Because u could know the PROs from other people's review, I will focus on CONs here.PRO:lots of FUNFUN ^ 2 if u have friends playing with u.CON:1. This game has viehcles, which is nice. but the car parts are extremely hard to collect. So u won't be able to have a working car during a 20 days wipe circle unless u play a no life style or have a solid team.2. Yes, this game is better than rust at this moment.but the dev also starts doing exactly the same thing that rust's dev did.3. Raid by C4 is nearly impossible because of that almost-zero spawn rate. I played over 300 hours with a 6 men team, and I only found 2 detonator caps.4. Since raid is pointless, PVP is only killing harvesting people now. Those veterans only need to camp in their tower shooting newbies because that's the only thing they could do in the late game.5. Gun OP. When u get M4, it's a different game. U point a guy and click ur mouse then he's dead. NO RECOIL and bullets are extreme cheap.6. Because Cars are really hard to get and only profitble PVP activity is killing people gathering resources. So driving a car is extremely risky, especially when people start to have guns and u cannot fight back in a Car. So no one is actually driving a car anymore.7. There is no way to identify ur teammember in the game. There is no machines like a radio beacon to let u locate ur friends.8. There are no machines to help u to manage your base. There is no sensors or searchlight. U cannot remote control anything like ur garage door or lights. So when drive home from other biome with full pack of loots, u need to get off the car in your garage door, open the door then get on ur car again and get killed. Lost All ur stuffs.9. In the first month after an early access release, those updates are lack of some real improvement and only expands few contents. It looks like there are only 2-3 people developing this game and they have another main job to do.So as result of this, You quickly depleted the game and get boring.10. A 20 day wipe schedule and a lack of friendly option of single player make casual playing style nearly impossible.11. Dev added some traps but HOW would a trap be usefull if raid it self is meaningless?There are still many other problems but these are representive enough.The quality (because it's a Early Access game, Dev's performance is a very important factor to judge this game) is just acceptable, not satisfying for me and its price tag.To be fair I won't say this game is not good. Those problems are all totally fixable and this game is currently in an open alpha.But if you are not EXTREMELY anxious to play this, I would highly recommend u to wait for several weeks to see if dev really improved this game a lot.This game has huge potential. Maybe 5 months later we'll see if it's a really great survival game or just another early access scam."
,Not Recommended,393420,21488439,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,grimkun,Terrible mechanics.
,Not Recommended,393420,21594337,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sandor skinsjar.com,Was pretty fun when it came out and was not super grindy. Seems patch after patch they make it take longer to do anything when building a base already took hours just to start up if you got unlucky with the RNG ore nodes and how much clay/amber they drop. Every resource you farm is pure RNG you get 3 wood or 8 wood from a log which is silly as they all take the same amount of hits to farm. They nerfed every way to get guns and decent weapons and it is even more of a grind than Rust at this point.  Nevermind all servers die after a few days yet they have wipes like once every 3 weeks so you are left with weeks of 5 people on your server. Terrible game now. Absolutely ruined by devs.
,Not Recommended,393420,21517053,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,BIG BOSS,♥♥♥♥♥game  mitchy sucks he stole my cash cause of this game   1 out of 10
76561197989930050,Not Recommended,393420,21517899,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lampshade,"Spend an hour gathering resources and learning things. Then get run over by some late game guys in a car. Literally run over. Lost everything. Devs said they didn't want that to be the case, where late game players could just run around a server and steamroll new players. They failed. GG"
,Not Recommended,393420,21523621,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Harry Styles,"Hurtworld is a game that had the survival gaming fan in me dreaming of a better experience. Something more polished and complete than the current offering. Hurtworld hurt my world by leaving me $20 poorer, frustrated, and disappointed in a game that looked so promising. One of the worst games I've been burned on buying through Steam. Hurtworld is one of those bad experiences you want to suppress in your memory. And as the last line in the game's description on Steam says, ""Hurtworld aims to punish."" you're damn right it does. It's punished me good and proper. Screw you, Hurtworld."
,Recommended,393420,21554304,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Death,Shityest low Graphics game ever
,Not Recommended,393420,21583905,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Lex_Archer,"This game, and by extension - its developer, is GARBAGE.  They have such problems with the EAC installing correctly that they have troubleshooting steps that last ALL DAY via email, yet they refuse to contact you by phone which would be A HUNDRED TIMES QUICKER.  The game apparently doesn't load EAC properly often enough that they know all about it - that is NOT what you'd expect from a game that is ready to release for even Alpha testing.  This game is one big TRAILER LIE - it doesn't even WORK.  How DARE they waste a full day of my time on trying to fix something that was delivered to me BROKEN?  I deserve MORE than merely a refund - I deserve a day's wages for putting up with their incompetent tech staff (You know who you are, ROBERT!).HORRIBLE, UNDEVELOPED GAME!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!  >:P"
76561198031488389,Recommended,393420,20425292,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TrillaKilla,"Pretty cool game. Typically I'm not a big fan of the crafting/survival games but I've been enjoying HurtWorld. The game isn't obsessively unforgiving and you aren't constantly being put back in square 1 by dying. You lose some items but not enough to completely discourage you from trying to work your way back up again. Being able to craft vehicles, guns and such is interesting as well. I would really like to see the devs add in a character leveling system. That would make my balls sweat."
76561198148993542,Not Recommended,393420,20299365,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fred Durst,same as every suvival game ever ;(
,Not Recommended,393420,20335445,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Griffin OG,"This game is optimized for no computer! Some may disagree and some may not, but I will tell you right now this game was just thrown out at us with no hopes of ever going anywhere. I have had this game for almost a month now and expericened several lag errors and horrible packet loss issues with no updates since release. I would not recommend this game to anyone as it is only a ripoff of Rust, which I love, and how it cost a whopping 25$ for trash! Sorry Hurtworld fans but this is the cold hard truth.PC Scecs:I7 Something OverClocked ProcessorMSI Gaming Master MotherboardDual GTX 980ti Graphics Cards750 Watt Power Supply"
,Not Recommended,393420,20010441,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MaxPayne,This game isnt that good as it looks not worth the 23 $ i have payed . I refounded
76561198141212471,Not Recommended,393420,20011733,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,chillinchase1025,How Do I Refund This GAME!!
76561197968478283,Recommended,393420,19577673,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Huntbutt,Has potential
,Recommended,393420,25291727,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,HardCoreGamer44,"i got to say i wen't in buying this game thinking man this game will porlly suck big time but boy was i wronng this is the best game i,ve ever played it's hard as he77 but fun in the makeing if you want a fun game to play then buy this one cause it is worth every penny.. and the dev's are working there♥♥♥♥♥off to make this game better than most and im proud of the dev team... welp that's my review for this game i give it 10/10 rateing A Big Props To The Dev's Of Hurt World You Guy's Are The Best"
,Not Recommended,393420,24513932,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jushe,"I have only played half an hour, and I do not plan on completing that hour. For some reason a Korean/Chinese man, yelling in his microphone kept killing me for about 5 minutes, and that was the best time I had on this game. Buy Rust or ARK, I personally find them more enjoyable."
76561198020788017,Not Recommended,393420,24066087,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Voille,People can see throw you base walls !!   Makes raiding easy!!  Good game but this exploit ruins everything.
76561198132340980,Recommended,393420,22814393,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SackWackinMacracken,Best crash simulator 2015. 10/10
76561198125222207,Not Recommended,393420,23926159,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dj3400,ever since they added the ownership steak needing amber for u to keep ur base by constentky being online i stop playing the game they need to find a better solution to fix that like something like rust ark or reign of kings not forcing u to get on and need the most rare resource and at least if so make it where we can keep our base for more than 5 days make it at least a month so do i recommend this game no not anymore unless they fix this
,Recommended,393420,23863761,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,HUPP3,Good for a >$15 game.
76561198076339787,Recommended,393420,19741600,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Toplister,"Love this game so much that I made my own server.  Runs better than any other, No Lag at all.  Join #World War III.  Server only 1 day old.  Don't worry about server wipes.  Admin only used for bans.  Helpful community chat.  This game is worth the $20 dollars imo."
,Recommended,393420,19741831,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,boomside,one of the best games ive played !! soo fun .
,Recommended,393420,19746375,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,CARLO,I love it
76561198106968346,Recommended,393420,19745621,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Raegin,"game is great only problem is ""server full"" most of the time"
,Recommended,393420,31851320,Posted: 19 May,all,<DiGGY>,IZ NAJS
,Not Recommended,393420,19924536,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Yo Dawsy,Not even playable atm. I have a good laptop perfectly capable of playing this game however when i try and launch normally it crashes and comes up with a launch error. I tried playing without eac then it opens but there is no servers with a decent ping that will let me join without it all of them kick me before i can even join. This game looks decent well I guess it would be decent if I could play it.
,Recommended,393420,29492148,Posted: 25 January,all,Jet !,Ok. Great game. But giving it one out of five stars you know why? Because it's impossible to not get raided. people should pay more atention to this situation. you can get offline raided very easily and be defenseless. it is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I also dont mind the infamy system. Just pay attention to offline raids! Please!!!!!!!!!!!! You are completely defenseless when you're offline!
,Recommended,393420,31289432,Posted: 21 April,all,Onlyhope87,"Good  game so far i like it,."
76561198090284066,Recommended,393420,30678042,Posted: 22 March,all,Slumped over sand castle,"This Game Is one of the most stranges games on the Survival Genre and has over priced items and has a strange ""Infamy"" Bar that will strip away items that are tools, weapons and clothing even if your just defending your house it makes things difficult if you have to defend your house, also the main character can phase throw animals and other people doesnt help you at all making it hard hit animals that charge you and lets other players phase throw you when being raided, and if not to rub salt in the wound the strange mechanics of this game and rules make no sense and the amount of weapons you can unlock is only a handful and the damage they deal is crazy, but some of the people are real nice and i love the art design of animals and your player thats what makes me come back to this game ever once and a while."
,Recommended,393420,29473223,Posted: 24 January,all,Old_Socks,People will tend to kill you all the time but its still a fun game.
76561198156122000,Recommended,393420,31053764,Posted: 9 April,all,.Vatical,I love hurtworld but there some improvments that are needed to complete this gamepros-graphics are nice and cartoon like but they need to be smoothen out if you catch my drift-very simply game play some games this days have too many buttons to remeber-multiplayer you and your friend can explore the nice world full of hurt ;dcons-feels abondoned-not many AU servers-lots of grief on servers-can crash when loading and i have a decent computer running at max settingsoverall this game needs love so i will rate it 6/10
76561198068057734,Recommended,393420,31323221,Posted: 23 April,all,CuzYouSuck,Fun game. Its stable and the gameplay is smooth
76561198354688707,Not Recommended,393420,31778450,Posted: 15 May,all,czahra05,Game sucked building bases was do hard every one is a♥♥♥♥♥♥as always and geting a gun forget about it
,Recommended,393420,31737774,Posted: 13 May,all,G.T.R.,"very ♥♥♥♥♥ good. but very kurva diffycult.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, i vlad rate agyn!"
76561197973168969,Not Recommended,393420,32165720,Posted: 3 June,all,Smoke,"Very few players on the game, buggy building system, horrible lag at times and almost no active servers. Still feels incomplete after over a year and no good tutorial system."
,Not Recommended,393420,20022110,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zac Efron Thot Exterminator,Rust is better 10/10
76561198135057905,Not Recommended,393420,33112038,Posted: 1 July,all,Темный негр,"awful, encounters are low, pvp is low and overal game is terrible. what is advertised is not really what happens"
76561198043763039,Not Recommended,393420,33113739,Posted: 1 July,all,Gerlak Brid,"Mostly design aspects. The game is centered around survival and it is really difficult to do that when you are just starting out in the game. It looked interesting, but mostly it's griefers ganging up on those who barely have any gear. It kills the fun, and eliminates the survival aspect entirely because survival is nearly impossible unless you play with a group."
76561198119507048,Recommended,393420,29578703,Posted: 29 January,all,GreenHands,หาคนไทยเล่นเซิฟแท้ครับ พอดีเพิ่งซื้อเกมมา หรือใครมีเซิฟไทยแท้ ช่วยแนะนำด้วยครับ
,Recommended,393420,24298435,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,XeNoX,Wciągająca Gra Polecam :)
76561198214255947,Recommended,393420,29578611,Posted: 29 January,all,HealthyFoods,Its a very fun game! The only thing is that I always get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when someone comes near me...
76561198212108905,Not Recommended,393420,24966380,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,RageMachine,realy lagy the game is realy hard cuz every one gangs up on you then you die :(
,Recommended,393420,25812732,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mkiller5225,"Hurtworld e um jogo de sobrevivencia com graficos cartoonizados, animais estranhos e um sistema de crafting um tanto quanto dificil, pois para fazer sua primeira arma vai demorar. O jogo e on-line e PvP e conta com um sistema de infamy, por exemplo morri vou perder APENAS os recursos e munições, armas e roupas não, matei e morri, dai não perco apenas os recursos como tabém alguma arma ou roupa(isso e temporario). Recomendo muito"
,Recommended,393420,19863054,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,✠Keasty✠,it's good nuff saidd
,Not Recommended,393420,31204791,Posted: 17 April,all,Crarptus,"This game is still Very Incomplete. its fun for a little while but gets boring because of the lack of content. Hopefully they add more but as of now, there's no way in hell its worth your 25$"
76561197970630477,Not Recommended,393420,20543005,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,CAINe,Make some singel player stuff to and maybe make stones more normal so I don't need to freeze to death because the game suddently didn't have enough rocks :/
76561198157880153,Recommended,393420,21789978,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bkwolfram,For everyone the game crashes for its because when you launch the game for the first time you graphic card is not activated so you have to activate it for the game. I had the same problem
,Recommended,393420,28501915,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ear-Raping Ethan!,LEGEND!
,Recommended,393420,21983822,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ryder,"Really good game , I love it !only thing i have to complain about is that other players can see the claims made by the owner of the house they want to raid. And i really dont like it when players see my claims :)Nothing personal! but he great game !sincerly Ryder"
76561198055503242,Recommended,393420,19935223,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,King Fluffy Butts,good game
,Recommended,393420,29133854,Posted: 8 January,all,Charlie,i love this gamelot of content with active updatesjust not optimized for laptops i thinkand infamy system is just not that greatgame is pretty enjoying with freinds
76561198182204662,Recommended,393420,23852862,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CANNABIS,In 2 or more people is it endless funFor single players or for no-lifer´s is not good to buy this gameBut i recomended this game 85% :)
,Recommended,393420,21209046,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Warrdoge // skinhub.com //,Pretty good game exept sometimes my mic dose not work and it wont join the servers
,Recommended,393420,21093344,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,- ̗̀Flick ̖́-,It's like RUST but Richard can run it. 10/10
,Recommended,393420,19849693,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Venarius,"Very nice game! If you want to have some fun, join our server: ""Mettwurst PVP/PVE""!"
,Recommended,393420,19850167,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,sots,>spawned in>collected wood>got attacked by a man with a spear>escaped with little health>died from hypothermia>died from man with a spear>collects a lot of resources>dies because rabbits are OP>met a 30 year old greek person>he says he wants to ♥♥♥♥ my buttcheeks>quit
76561198170169361,Recommended,393420,19682195,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,B-Vitamins,"I think this game is really fun but, it dosent have enough all it really is, is the same its the desert with trees ther needs to be more animals, more bhiomes and more resorces on the ground but the game is still fun tho."
76561197970647758,Recommended,393420,19518002,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Crypt,"few hours into the game, ganked by roaming players, solo players, died from the cold.later i managed to get myself a claim, then a random visitor walked by, asked kindly if he could build nearby, said your welcome to. he then said i couldnt club you to death with your back turned, i said i dont mind its hurtworld.for my appreciation i then crafted the freshy, being fresher than i, boots tshirt pants and a backpack.good luck my new neighbor."
,Recommended,393420,19685863,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DarkIQ,As a private beta tester i was already amazed at the work put into the game. Already they have updated the game to fix bugs and add more content. The game is making amazing progress and i fully recommend this game.
,Recommended,393420,19686038,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ass Mage,"It was fun while it lasted, then the rubber banding started..."
76561197993342659,Recommended,393420,19687055,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,REDRUM,Worth the 20$ for sure. Picks up where RUST should be. I will continue to play RUST but not as much as I use to. 8 out of 10.
76561198101848008,Recommended,393420,19688727,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,justformagic,"I havent played much, but this game is pretty fun. One of the things about the game I really like is how most of the people actually want to help you and cooperate instead of try to kill you on sight. So far this game has been very fun."
76561197988189934,Recommended,393420,19497309,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Diabolic,This game is awesome lots of fun so far reminds me of the good ole days of Rust Legacy  when that game was good if you miss those days like I did buy this game you wont be sorry. Good luck and may you aim be on heads
,Recommended,393420,19681970,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,yungpussymilk,"Truly a simple and fastastic game with all of the concepts and content of most. Everything that bothered you in Rust, is simplified and easily manuvered in Hurtworld.10/10 gonna die one day"
,Recommended,393420,19685589,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,rediD,Landmark meets survival PvP... without zombies!
,Recommended,393420,25847815,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Zen,This game so intense
,Recommended,393420,26230599,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,xarleS,"Arkadaşlı, arkadaşsız saatlerin nasıl geçtiğini anlayamadığınız oyun. Başlıyorsun oynamaya bi bakmışın 6 saat geçmiş. Kısacası düşünmeden alıp oynayın"
76561198040831845,Recommended,393420,31031077,Posted: 8 April,all,PanchoVillauno,This game is fun to play with friends!
76561198103157116,Recommended,393420,26749509,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,NoneStopPlayer,yo i need help reseting my game controls i cant click anything because my Esc button is flipped wih .y ;eft click buttob
76561198170465258,Recommended,393420,20534199,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Leegan,Only have played for a short time compared to others but I have the hang of the game but my experience has only just started and there are a few main things that turn me off about the game. I like the fact that there are official servers thats great but I absolutely hate the fact that all of the official servers reset and in less time than a month I think there should be official servers that reset never and yearly but not ruine the fun for the people that like the 20 day cycle either so keep them too. I also dislike that I cant see the differences between the officila servers Some servers keep stuff on death some dont I would like to be able to see that without needing to test it out. Those are my main complaints/suggestions. Its fun and very interesting to play all the exploring and  finding new items and building and I have not even explored and done that much but I cant stand the 20 day reset cycle and reset/wipes in general 8/10 is my early review -2 for other server issues and the server wipe and rule unorganization.
,Not Recommended,393420,19705149,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dave,d on o tt r u s te a r l ya c c e s s
76561198034471477,Recommended,393420,19707029,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,CHG Control,great game to play with friends and get lost in. Many more hours to come.
76561198085686494,Recommended,393420,20254372,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jaden129,of my two hours if play i can definetely reccomend this game here is my first playthrough/story kinda thingso i had just bought the game and i spawned next to this guy we had a conversation and decided to team uphe taught me how to play the game  and a few tips we starting making basic eqipment and start hunting ectlater a man with a gun runs up to us and trys to rob uswe ♥♥♥♥ing bolt it 10 mins later he is still chasing usa few mins later we outrun himme make a new basebut again the same player with the gun caught up to us without us knowingi hide behind a wall as my friend is robbedwe run off and the man with the gun spots metry to rob mea few secend later my friend starts stabbing his♥♥♥♥♥with a spearwe kill him take his stuff and continue on our basesor base is going well we have a decent amount of rescourceswe come a cross a few people help some people in fights make a few friends around usa supposed friendly guy comes up to us with a axehe start swinging at me my friend starts shooting his bow at himhe stops chasing me and instead chases my friendit took me to long to realise this and unfortunately my friend was deadi avenged himthinking that i will never see him again makes me sadHE FIND ME AGAINREUINITED AND IT FEELS SO GOODand then i had to leave :/
,Not Recommended,393420,20313190,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sneakyfranko,since they realsed EAC the game has died i waited off for a week to see if the player base is back but it hasnt was a fun game but i guess there was way to many cheaters (hackers for the dumb dumbs) and exploiters who left because of anti cheatgame is a solid 8/10 besides constant buggy deaths with rad poisoningplayer base is a 1/10  because it doesnt seem to have one as of the 1 jan 2016i recommand the game if you want to solo play and not diei am hitting no because there is no player base
,Recommended,393420,20425204,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,I SMOKE DANK BONKS,I like this game alot as i have 12 hours in 2 days and the game was working fine then they updated it and i cant get past the launcher. PLAES TEH HALPPP
76561198153415353,Recommended,393420,20409322,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Fender,Very great game with a lot of potencial.
,Not Recommended,393420,20363439,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,F1n4lhawk,i am not satisfied of this game too much lag can i get refund please??
,Recommended,393420,20609001,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Grandma Joe,its good
,Recommended,393420,20241184,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kiddew,A guy tried to raid our base with a hatchet.As he did it he started to rap Iggy Azalea songs.He didn't get in.I killed him outside our base.He asked how good his rapping was?I said 5/7.
,Recommended,393420,22620328,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Mongolia dota,tbh you should just make it hackworld and make it even more apealing to hackers in order to group them up in some sort of digital penile collony : D well done Australia
,Recommended,393420,29579120,Posted: 29 January,all,Amadeus,Great Game to play with some freinds. Just find the right server and survive!
76561198194710826,Recommended,393420,28486823,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,✪SIEGE✪ ReVV ツ,:)
76561198066767829,Recommended,393420,28415678,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Paul,Its basically Rust before Rust got ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,393420,29313667,Posted: 17 January,all,bushdoctor,"not entirely happy with a game that i have purchased and well very little in terms of game play that has been done, when you log in, thing that pops out is the lack of local servers or servers wihin a low ping range of where i live, secondly the game play is still cluncky yet the slow focus seems to be on redooing the game items but leaving the game play to just live in limbo.my suggestion to the dev team is get the game play workign 100% fist, people will wait for better animaltions and actions but if you cant really play then smart looking items etc does not matter. biggest issue is amount of localised servers gloably, most are in russia etc."
,Recommended,393420,28737880,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ZhAwn1337,This game is really really fun if you have friend to play with.But the servers have more chinese than people that speak english D;
,Recommended,393420,19851030,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Roc,"Led a bunch of nakeds into my house, then speared them to death10/10 would meat factory nakedz again"
76561197970890255,Recommended,393420,26075877,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,santozo@ortozo@comozo@com,Good game for 1 day or 2. After boring as hell. Robbing kids good for children which are bored.A lot of bugs.Nothing special.I do not recommend at this stage.
76561198205197497,Recommended,393420,29460347,Posted: 24 January,all,Quaggan,i recomend it
,Not Recommended,393420,19704679,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The Amish Goat-Man,"For anyone who has internet issues, ignore this game. It is far too dependent on internet connection. It has potential if there was a singleplayer mode but as of now, it isn't worth the money. Far too expensive for what you get."
76561198000871104,Not Recommended,393420,19694674,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,TheRealOne,"Great game! but now hackers began to appear lost my house, lost all my stuff...♥♥♥♥ sake, no need for it."
76561198107041024,Not Recommended,393420,26761926,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,D2,"Good game, but a lot of errors, with me giving a lot of startup error in the last 4 updates, I know it is anticipated but it is not happening just with me and I do not see result of fixes for this problem."
76561198144987305,Not Recommended,393420,20340637,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,doodlebob,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393420,29160428,Posted: 10 January,all,benbobster,"I recommend this game, it is a lot of fun. I've played several hundred hours and enjoy it very much. Obviously it comes with the ""typical alpha game"" bugs, etc. However, it is very fun the way it is, and I do not consider any of the bugs gamebreaking.Even though the game has less content than Rust for example, I feel that it's a great type of simplicity that makes the game very enjoyable and for me much more fun than Rust (or also other Survival games I've played).There's a big update on the horizon and according to the devblog (which gets weekly updates), there's some great stuff coming! :)"
,Not Recommended,393420,23934959,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TBthegr81,I can only imagine that anyone who thinks this is a good survival game have never played 7DaysToDie or even Rust.I went into this game hoping to find another good basebuilding game to play with the friends but from the moment I set foot in the desolate empty world I saw that this game was far from anything it's competition have succeded with.
,Not Recommended,393420,24586910,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Maro,Mechanics make starting out in this game pointless. Basically just keep getting run over by cars. Play this game if you want to be a griefer or you dont mind being griefed.
,Recommended,393420,33355287,Posted: 7 July,all,✪Hersheymeister✪,so i have been playing this game for a while now and it is super fun but personally i donty feel like this game is worth 25 bucks becuase of its unpopularity
76561198282782443,Not Recommended,393420,33303481,Posted: 6 July,all,Gwioncleddyf,This game used to be my main game. The mechanics made less KOS compared to Rust. It's extremely smooth feeling and a lot of cool ideas for a survival game. The one and only problem really is content. When you know what you're doing you can get from start to end game in a day. This coupled with cool content ideas that were almost never put into the game left players feeling bored. Servers died and Rust gained a couple hundred more regular players including me. If the devs actually fix this and the servers go back to being the way they were I will see no reason to keep playing Rust but I doubt that day will come.
,Not Recommended,393420,33399084,Posted: 9 July,all,korniszonek,"Sorry but this game is a turd. I've played a lot in Rust, H1Z1 a lot of MMO's and in my opinion - THIS GAME SUCKS. bugged as hell, i have died twice while STANDING on the ground. Cause of death was ""falling down"" or something like this :I dafuq. Second of all, it's completely empty! seriously, even bugged H1Z1 have more content and better crafting system :/ I would really like to get my money back :/ what a waste of time and money."
,Recommended,393420,33270299,Posted: 5 July,all,Lιқє,Jak to tibijska gra gosciu xD
,Recommended,393420,33154558,Posted: 2 July,all,Wisdom,"Its ok i did get very into the game i had a whole town (not run by me) But I just got on a random Server and walked down the Street and i met a lot of nice people and there was a lot of drama!!! As It got Better and Better Started to cool missions To get♥♥♥♥♥♥and it was so fun until one day a whole group of around 10 people came in are town and DESTROYED ALL OF ARE STUFF It was awful I tried to get in touch with the people in the town but none of them replied So i just stopped playing Because it stopped being fun without people if your all by yourself its not fun but if you have a group of poeple it's fun so i will give this game a 7/10 for being fun but once it goes to hell it goes to hell, just dont get to adicted"
76561198148257305,Not Recommended,393420,19917240,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Maxwell,you need the best internet that ever existed and there is no european servers and u need a very good computer i buyd this and instantly redemmed it could be beter if you dont needed the god internet
76561198028735039,Not Recommended,393420,19481914,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Davidbc,"I can see myself playing this game for a long time. It is VERY DIFFICULT if you are playing solo. You die of hunger or freezing at night within minutes, you have to quickly make a campfire and kill some animals to eat and it's not easy at all. Luckily for me I'll be playing with my brother so that should make things easier, but so far I've been playing alone and I keep dying all the time :(.  Though I managed to get into a house in construction with a missing wall and I claimed it as mine so I can use that as spawn and also to loot the real owners any time I want LMAO. I got killed, spawned inside that house, the owner was inside using the workbench and I killed him using my pickaxe while he couldn't even move.10/10 will claim more houses as mine.EDIT: After 74 hours in the game I lost everything due to a wipe. I DO NOT recommend this game at this moment, unless you like losing all you have done weekly. Wipes in these games are like playing a fallout game and losing your progress every 10 hours."
76561198101441526,Not Recommended,393420,33079483,Posted: 1 July,all,Kazumi,No servers are working with the new update
,Recommended,393420,20029884,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chef #YallaBeitar,Best Game 11/10
,Recommended,393420,20394239,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ruslan,Убийца Раста Kappa
,Recommended,393420,22073941,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Stan,"Got a steam card, spent an hour getting 5 dollars to buy this game, finally get it and join friends, they gave me items crashed twice, fixed my issue and lebron james jumped 1000 ft into the air into my house, authorized himself and destroyed all the blocks with his hammer, camped the totem while we tried to break it."
,Recommended,393420,20398327,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Arya Stark CSGO500,best game ever
76561198113924075,Not Recommended,393420,28598953,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dollynho da P90,"After almost 1000 hours played, i don't recommend this game to anyone, seriously, if you are going to waste time and money, do it on Rust or Miscreated. I have an i7, 8gb of ram and a Nvidia card and it runs at MAXIMUM 30FPS, a lot of people have the same problem with this.No new content, the game is full of glitches and repetitive.If you are asking yourself why i played this game for so long, it's because i'm easily addicted in anything i do.. so, i had to beat a lot of people, playing at 20~~30 fps to feel ok in closing this game and never openning it again.If they could refund me for less than half of the money i spent buying this game so i can spend it on drugs, i would be VERY HAPPY (it's not a beg for refund, it's just so you guys can see how much i don't recommend this game).Cya"
,Recommended,393420,19894790,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,wagman,"-Spawned-Ran around for an hour-Starved To DeathOk, lets try this again.-Spawns-Builds tools and bow-Kills deer-Dies of starvation:(-TAKE 3-SPAWNS-BUILDS TOOLS-KILLS 3 RABBITS-GUY GIVES ME ORANGE BEANIE AND MASK WHILE HIS MATE SHOVES A SPEAR UP MY BUTT10/10"
,Not Recommended,393420,21236701,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Yoosha,"Hurtworld does not bring anything new to the table in the form of survival games. It's yet another game about surviving, crafting,  and killing people. The movement is EXTREMELY glitchy and I can't walk for more than 3 seconds without getting slingshotted back 3 feet.That's... really all their is to say about this game. It's unoriginal and rushed. I hope future updates make it better."
,Not Recommended,393420,19900480,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Evil Omerta,"Its an okay game, not worth the money though."
,Recommended,393420,19836686,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Black Vulcan,Great game.
76561198049561681,Recommended,393420,20279002,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Warbarbie,首先这款游戏还是不错的，其次。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。
,Recommended,393420,20298615,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,grax,good game bro
,Recommended,393420,33798094,Posted: 25 July,all,Nightmare csgolive.com,dis gme gud
,Not Recommended,393420,19712913,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,CLUTCH,Fallen earth 6 years  old and better art and  graphics than hurt worldThis a promise  that shows how little programing is required to get  gen zero  to seperate them selves from cash  for a grindy  badly scripted cartoon
,Not Recommended,393420,19712560,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Hustle US,rust fan dont like this to cheesy. Borderland meets rust knockoff.
,Recommended,393420,33839337,Posted: 27 July,all,Darth Caveman,I love this game but all my friends give it hate and dont want to buy it.... so i refunded on that no other reason its a great game.
,Recommended,393420,30904992,Posted: 2 April,all,[★VIP★] MⓐttHⓔW,nawet spoko gierka :)
76561198129543034,Recommended,393420,30928267,Posted: 3 April,all,Hacker Pro 24,Difficult but fun no as much grinding as other survival games
,Recommended,393420,19737021,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,cheshire,Australian Outback The GameAustralian Outback is one of the most in depth survival games costly crafting not super easy to get resources wild life is deadly and plenty to explorebut Australian Outback lacks kangaroos and recoil for its guns RATEING 10/10 '' like australian outback with guns'' Machinima
76561198274662007,Recommended,393420,21429652,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,nousiti,best surviving game
,Recommended,393420,30985640,Posted: 6 April,all,Don Fap,"The start is hard but when you first gets the basics, it's really fun to play."
,Not Recommended,393420,24286039,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Call_Me_Fishy,"New players beware, Updates are far a few between and the spawn is littered with end game players killing naked people. If you are a solo player do not purchase this game. Although it is very fun with friends, it punishes you for trying to play solo, most of the official servers spawns are plegued with end game players killing naked new players."
,Not Recommended,393420,21421185,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[TBAG] Link,thumbs down. no updates. slow to develop. had potential. potential gone
76561198297018326,Recommended,393420,22488496,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Xanti,:D
76561198052358632,Recommended,393420,19794332,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Astraeus,"Fun enough, a little too easy though since c4 is insanely hard to get. My group of 4 got fully geared with 2 large bases and a small outpost in 3 days after the server wipes."
76561197972232265,Recommended,393420,19992455,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Smike,havent had much time in this game but its better then rust easy to use and get the hang off worth the money
,Recommended,393420,29687903,Posted: 4 February,all,Junk To Let 'Er Rip,Gayet başarılı
,Not Recommended,393420,23843480,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,✪Joshie_Boi,"This game had a lot of potential and I wrote a review about it recommending it back in December 2015 (A long review) but now I cannot recommend it. The game just died and there is a lack of updates from the devs. The servers are pretty much all empty. This game had a really great concept but now due to the lack of updates and laziness of the devs, it has just gone downhill."
,Not Recommended,393420,22077121,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Killercod,"Love the graphic style on this one, and the survival aspect, but there is just not much game here yet...I don't get it.  Would not recommend at current price in current state...wait for more or wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,393420,22808444,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mrauksia,Abandoned by the devs...never updated.plenty glitches
76561198089804804,Recommended,393420,19791006,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Zadary✠,Really Good for a Alpha! I hope for more Updates. :)
,Not Recommended,393420,19916497,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,La Shmonke,"no one speaks english. everyone is either indian, asian, or arabic."
,Recommended,393420,32621807,Posted: 21 June,all,Element.,"Another game you can email me about when it comes out of ""Early Access"""
,Recommended,393420,19692794,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kohai,"Boars spawn on my roof, Boars run through my walls and kill me when I am afk.Fear the boars."
,Recommended,393420,24485950,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Spectra,Very smooth and simple game I have put 80 hours into this because it is really good. You can drive cars which is a really great part of the game and getting guns/ a base is fairly easy and fun you will definetly enjoy this game if you decide to buy it.
76561198064372161,Not Recommended,393420,23906524,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Subzero,Don't fall for it. Game's dead.
,Not Recommended,393420,23870831,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Overkill56,"The game is great but has to many bugs and hackers in it, exploits that make it easy to get into bases, The past 30 hours i played with friends was a waste if we knew that it only took 5mins and a ex·ploit to get into our base so we lost everything, I can see this game being good, but only if the anti cheat is updated, and all bugs/exploits,Buyers be ware"
76561197994282257,Not Recommended,393420,23899295,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Brewski,It's a bit like Ark but even worse.
76561198181093403,Not Recommended,393420,25426504,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mitch:D,it is way too hard and not enjoyable it just takes to much time and once you go do something you die or get griefed
76561198008411845,Recommended,393420,19658309,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,JunioR!,"after 2days of playing and building on a wiped server, the server starts Stuttering/FPS drops"
76561198197731781,Recommended,393420,20077135,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr.MegaFaggot,<3
76561198138424835,Recommended,393420,20565151,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TheLoneRanger,8/10 game really fun like ark without dinosaours
,Recommended,393420,20082131,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr_DaZe,fun love it...do need to add some stairs tho for building
76561197970339916,Recommended,393420,20495904,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Boag,Best scarring the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta people with a gun simulator 2016.
76561198171774681,Recommended,393420,32639315,Posted: 22 June,all,Rom Tobinson,Its a dank game and is great fun
,Recommended,393420,19668800,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Repzion,We just need Furiousa in here or the ability to be a woman and this game will be set.
76561198115333642,Recommended,393420,26081937,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Me No Jew,I like it but ♥♥♥♥♥lore is a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,393420,29995644,Posted: 17 February,all,Remizjo csgolive.com,Hurtworld is very good survival multi game but if you DON'T wont to have a head pain don't play it solo.
,Recommended,393420,19487246,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Caligula,"The game is amazing for Alpha, mixing the right amount of survival, I honestly feel like it is like Dark Souls level of survival, expecially with how it works."
,Recommended,393420,19496501,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,123,very solid game so far! fresh take on survival pvp  sandbox game!
,Recommended,393420,20331295,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,gold,I stole someone's car and ran ~10 people over with it.Then I went home and started playing hurtworld.
,Not Recommended,393420,20337403,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Captain Nsamba,"game is not worth the price... yet. nothing in the game, doesnt have much replayability. at this moment in time id give it a 4/10. I am also worried the devs will abandon this, since they have so much attention despite it being brand new. just wait a while."
,Recommended,393420,26598964,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DEADLY,"Great game that you can enjoy alone or with your friends. Extremely realistic survival game, ability to build whatever you want, almost anywhere.Simple graphics make it very smooth and not-so-demanding."
76561198007312498,Recommended,393420,31110323,Posted: 12 April,all,The Elkantar,"Highly recommended. Loads of fun. Just remember the name ""Hurtworld"" and don't take it seriously when you die.... a lot."
76561198089528594,Recommended,393420,20204944,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,William,This is what i call a real survival game! Its the hardest game i have ever played!
76561198029423877,Recommended,393420,25307762,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,kpmh2001,Its like rust legacy but it wasnt betrayed and puppeted by its creators
76561198086833906,Recommended,393420,19965629,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cpt. Fat Belly,Great game very challenging to survive in its various climates. Graphics are nice. Very addicting. Worth every penny!!Nuff said!
,Recommended,393420,27884651,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,yellowfinger,Very good game
,Recommended,393420,19841823,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,slushyballs,this is a great game if u liked rust legacy u will enjoy this (exept theres no willies) its kinda hard to get food especially when EVERY single animal even deers try to kill you. theres a sasquatch to hunt for which is cool.
,Recommended,393420,19663549,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Acid Rain,"Hurtworld is a very fun survival game for those who come from playing games like Rust, Ark The Forest etc. For what the game is at the moment is worth the $20 though it does have somethings that are a bit anoying for me personally. Only one thing I wish you could do is Chop down trees ( No the dead trees don't count) I'm talking about big tress that I seen in a forest area only to die from hypothermia since i wasn't able to get said wood. Besides that one things it's a great game."
76561198061926556,Recommended,393420,19726285,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,watcher,a game with graphics like teamfortress 2 gameplay like rust has vehicles and different biomes and has guns and above all no nude cavemen
76561198149834538,Recommended,393420,22264759,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,That.Train.Guy,this game is amazing but one thing i dislike is that theres no single playermode and please add a word creation system so you can have a seperate world for self
,Recommended,393420,22237738,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,YTSkillarN,"This game is awesome, This games brings back the old graphic style (which I like very much) and it's very interesting! So I would recommend this game to you who like these things:- Old graphic style- Like Rust with cars (But more funny though :D)- It's more like a Friend survival, multiplayer game!Hurtworld is more funny With friends. Im not saying that it's not funy without them! Just Sayin!"
,Recommended,393420,22347489,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Dapper Danger,Legacy Rust.. Enough said enjoy.
76561198272361478,Recommended,393420,22229709,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Shake Chocolate Milk,"The ping is terrible for me, I don't know how to refund but for anyone who has good internet I highly suggest this game."
76561198198220045,Recommended,393420,22259127,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,WoodPpeker,Supa good buy nowwwe
,Recommended,393420,22354736,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kermit E Frog,This game is an amazing open world survival im not that keen on it due to the lack of evidence on how you got there as there is mythical creatures such as Poison shooters and mythical plants . So it would get an 9.7rating out of 10 for the lack of evidence revolving how you got there. Other than that i have no issues with game quallity just the fact that if you have Higher ping than the server does it kicks you and you can't play it which is really annoying when you cant connect to the only Full Loot server ect. So yea have fun and hopefully you enjoy the game as much as i do :£
,Recommended,393420,22412515,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,BG_Skeleton,good game its very fun
,Recommended,393420,22214491,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Onyx Born,great and fun to play got a new friends from playing this
76561198295051377,Recommended,393420,22255970,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ASG,good game *thumps up*
76561198139344614,Recommended,393420,22303328,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Liejamm,fun game but if you play it to long it gets boring
76561198154630197,Recommended,393420,22405406,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Clitoris Maximus,this game its amazing but it needs a taming system or something I WANT TO RIDE A SABER TOOTH CAT THING!!!!!!
76561197988033849,Recommended,393420,22447451,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,👽 ZoRO,Un jeu énorme !Manque quelque contenu qui viendra s'ajouté a avec les Maj.
76561198032280336,Not Recommended,393420,20051651,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Extinguished,"Wish I could recommend this game but, even with being early access, there really isn't much to the game yet."
76561198072603040,Not Recommended,393420,20064616,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,EpicHippo,♥♥♥♥♥rust
76561198150582980,Not Recommended,393420,20147958,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,norrie,Once you build a house and raid a base nothing else to do. And the small map limits exploration.
,Recommended,393420,21861879,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,anobis,"(Review for Experimental build)It's a fun game, very much like rust but still very different from it with a strong focus on vehicles, combat, and biomes/creatures. I would still give it time though because it's lacking content in its current state."
,Not Recommended,393420,20252915,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rui,"Nothing Special at all. Just an bad, expensive copy at all the other successful games.-Refunded."
76561198162505207,Recommended,393420,20225062,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kino117,"This game made me no longer trust anyone, regardless of server.Loss of faith in humanity guranteed 100%.10/10 will get backstabbed again while sharing own camp."
,Not Recommended,393420,21328426,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Cockroach,"Bought the game.Ran for 45 minutes.Realized there was no spawnable loot or even houses, cities, buildings. (Thought atleast some ruins)Theres a road, that goes in a circle... no destination... I dont understand how this could be fun to anyone.Encountered a Russian, thats the ♥♥♥♥ing last straw.Time to beg steam for my $25 back.If you like material farming grindy♥♥♥♥♥games that are 360mb and have absolutely no content, Well then you're in for a ♥♥♥♥ing treat!"
76561198211428063,Recommended,393420,24354359,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,thomas.odvart,its a verry nice game. you can do survival pvp its a real good game
,Recommended,393420,19626167,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,LF FRIENDS,Froze to death In the desert after playing for 1 minutes. 10/10
76561198214626927,Not Recommended,393420,34078719,Posted: 7 August,all,TEKK0R,horrible
,Recommended,393420,19580988,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Agidon,"This game is a very good but hard survival game the survival part is much harder than other games, the game is like rust and madmax if it were a survival game. I have found it hard to find bugs in the game (cant find any) The art style of the game is really good and it runs good also. I would recommend this game even with its high price tag."
76561198312227560,Recommended,393420,35502194,Posted: 5 October,all,if i die its a lag Pvpro.com,cool
,Not Recommended,393420,19820784,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MagicMike(MUTED),"I would not reccomend this game.Yes I understand it is hardcore survival game but there are major flaws.1. New players / Freshspawns can't defend themselves, not even with fists2. You can spend all your time collecting resources during the day but still don't get enough to erven create a fire so you just die during the night and can't do anything3. THIS IS ANOTHER COPY AND PASTE SURVIVAL GAME milking the early access survival section."
76561198054552016,Not Recommended,393420,24765184,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,A Wooly Mammer,spawnget run overspawnget run overspawnget run overspawnrunbuild a houseget gangbanged by 7 people with shotgunsrunget run overuninstall
76561197967379413,Not Recommended,393420,19739343,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Daddy's Home,"10 hours in and probably done.I like aspects of this game but I don't like the community it has already drawn which consists of people exploiting/hacking (why yes I did just get hit with an arrow from 2000m away) and tribes of players who I can only assume play games like this in a ""certain way"" because people have figured out that their animal torture might be an indiaction of their nature.Seriously though this game is a 'better running' (though lag is still an issue and when you lag the screen smears and you are essentially blind for a second or longer) clone of other games that roll on the same formula:- Spawn naked and die.- Spawn naked and die.- Spawn naked and gather enough for a base.- Base attracts attention. Die. Respawn inside base. Die.- Spear comes through the wall. Die.The real attempt to break the formula is the infamy system. The problem is it doesn't fix anything. The infamy system is supposed to make people think twice about killing someone but it doesn't. What it does is cause people to get you to kill them while their friends wait hidden. Once you kill them you get infamy even though they attacked you and you lose gear when their friends jump you. Brilliant system.The game itself isn't bad but if you aren't the type that enjoys killing and griefing people for no reason you should probably just keep your money.Also, this is another in a series of games that simply doesn't have enough content to justify the price.I'll try to check back and play more over time to see what is added and what is fixed but until then I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,393420,19786575,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,liq,"-Like every survival game-Rust in low poly-smooth performance not like ARK-got me bored after 2 hoursBiggest minus: The slogan is ""the game punishs the bad ones"", no it isnt. On other survival games you lose everything. In this game you keep your clothes, tools, weapons. You just lose your material."
76561198134582137,Not Recommended,393420,19832028,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,KingBob,once i had everything i could imagine it got pretty boringit's a fun game but needs to be advanced
76561198045017384,Not Recommended,393420,19608409,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,FlyingChange,"I enjoyed the game for about an hour until it got boring. Get ready to do the same thing over and over and over. The one plus is that you get to keep your equipped items between deaths, which is nice."
76561198108947280,Not Recommended,393420,19825332,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Mr EJ KILL,Its a good game but not worth the money rust is a lower price than this and i think rust is more developed and better
76561198064942479,Not Recommended,393420,20228979,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[LB] Razoozle,"When I first played this, I thought ""Oh, it really looks a lot like Rust, maybe this will be good?"" but after about 40 minutes of gameplay, I just couldn't stand it anymore. This game was so bland and boring, filled with bugs. This game had a good potential, but I wouldn't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,393420,19646933,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,-paint,"""Built for hardcore gamers, Hurtworld aims to punish.""Nope. Not when I spawn with my weapons and clothing after I die.Make this game like Rust Legacy and I will gladly re-buy it. For now I'm requesting a refund from Steam. The game is decent, but I can't recommend it in its current state. Looking forward to the release."
,Not Recommended,393420,28126598,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GingerKing,Waste of money littarly don't enjoy playing it the developers don't really update ther game verry ofton andThats an big problem cause the game is full of Bugs and ther is not much to do in this game.Sorry but this games gets an 4/10 Ghrapics based tho is fine. But still wasted 20 bucks.
,Not Recommended,393420,19773286,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MOOLIE,"Hurtworld is not a ""Hardcore Survival"" game as it boasts.. the game caters to the babies of the rust world allowing you to keep weapons and items upon death. there is no reward for pvp and people act shocked when you kill them.If I could I would refund this.. game is too carebear for me"
76561198276742800,Not Recommended,393420,21338594,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Vezo,"Good game but there is only ONE SERVER EU EAST with 60SLOTS! FOR ALL EUNE PLAYERS ONLY 60 SLOTS!25EURO FOR GAME WHERE I SPENT MORE TIME IN LOBBY, AS IN THE GAME!"
,Not Recommended,393420,19639951,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Autism is Bad,♥♥♥♥♥had to refund
,Recommended,393420,21647180,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,IvanDroga,"-Join a community server.-Its a russian server.-Make a bow.-Find ppl.-Found geared dude with shotgun.-Shooted him.-He said: Am frrriendly, plis stap.-I killed him.-He didn't drop bullets.11/10 poor non-bullets russians :("
,Not Recommended,393420,22805874,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jacket430,This game is like Rust except not as good
,Not Recommended,393420,29793278,Posted: 8 February,all,•҉ The Spookmeister,"This game has had 70+ Devblogs and not a single game changing update ever since it launched, dont get this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ its not worth 25 dollars"
,Not Recommended,393420,20412665,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,luke,"Don't be mistaken, its a great game and very fun, but if your by yourself, you will be ♥♥♥♥ING DESTROYED by EVERYONE, you'll be ripped the ♥♥♥♥ open, so only play with atleast 1 friend..."
,Not Recommended,393420,26165893,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bildukas,this is what it feels like to live with aids
76561198245452606,Recommended,393420,22726494,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Neos,"One of the funest games you will play. Great graphics. Fast. Hours of gameplay that you will never forget. PVP. Raiding. Russians screaming ""CYK A BLAYD!"". And SO MUCH MORE!!!!!!"
76561198254890336,Recommended,393420,19540154,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,bobzamida,"This is by far the BEST early access game I have ever played.I have tried just about every open world survival game steam has to offer. This game is well balanced and the community is excellent.If your playing alone it could be difficult. You will get killed for your resources if you are an easy target, I played with a friend so I am having a excellent time. Most people seem to leave two guys alone. I've had several occasions where we traded resources to resolve our differences. Most people don't want to risk losing everything. If you play smart, you'll enjoy it.Good===========+Excellent combat, it is actually more fun to shoot a bow then it looks! Melee combat isn't perfect but its the best I've seen in this type of game.+Lots of official servers with good latency+Gathering resources and picking up loot is quick and painless. No mind-numbing loading bars and inventory boxes. Just grab stuff, Smash rocks and stumps with 5 hits for bulk amounts of resources.+Easy to pickup and play. You will have little to no difficulty getting the hang of things. You learn fast out of necessity.Bad===========-The world feels a little empty at times, I would love to see more creatures and interesting landmarks.-Occasional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kills you and grabs your stuff. You get to keep your tools so its easy to pick up where you left off.If your considering buying this game its well worth the $30. Recently I bought Battlefront, Fallout 4 and Just Cause 3. I've never been so disappointed in my entire life. I'm done supporting the big game companies, they are just shoving♥♥♥♥♥♥down our throats. Kids will buy anything these days. Lets take things back to the basics.Happy to support the game! Great work guys!"
,Not Recommended,393420,26519391,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Yung Idol,"What originally appeared to be a game that would bring back the fun of Rust's Legacy mode quickly turned in to a slow-moving, lackluster attempt. Stick to Rust's Legacy mode or look elsewhere."
,Recommended,393420,19580293,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TyedylPlays,This game is like rust legacy but way better the graphics are good for bad computers.good game worth $20 dollars.
76561197993212487,Not Recommended,393420,19878646,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Molasses,"this game brings nothing new to the table, its just another 'hit rocks and trees to get parts to make a bow' simulator."
76561198045833128,Not Recommended,393420,19669425,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Randy Bobandy,"The game seems to be fine. It has realistic mechanics and the performance was good. It seems like it could be a great game one day and the developers have done well.Unfortunately, everyone who plays the game is nothing but a c u next tuesday so you won't get very far before some poopy head blows your brains out. Have fun!"
76561198041580904,Not Recommended,393420,20619286,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BetaX,"Killed game with the last patch. Now in order that normal to skraftit something, it is necessary to extract metal and amber... Not to break a block any more, not to craft dynamite.... Drills of norms don't extract norm metal....Game with bows and bolts.... it seems to me reminds already absolutely other game... which is much more interesting than a hurtworld."
,Not Recommended,393420,21299457,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Insane Zane,"sort of generic survival game, if you've already got rust then don't bother buying this *yet*. At the moment its a generic survival game, but after a few updates it could be different so wait it out."
,Not Recommended,393420,31534221,Posted: 3 May,all,Morty C-137,100% not worth it's price. Good/Ok game but not worth the Price.
,Not Recommended,393420,29589150,Posted: 30 January,all,Zerocool,Full of toxic people not worth the money!
,Not Recommended,393420,20404938,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Gridlok,"Cancerous game. First of all, the community is totally awful. They would only player kill even newbies. In a few months if this gonna happen more often, people won't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are some features that should be implemented:- ability to play on full PVP or PVE world for those, who don't want to deal with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kids;- lobby to play with a friend;- a ♥♥♥♥ing map so I could possibly know where I or my friends on steam are and with marked locations like 'my house'- ability to join a friend playing so I would appear near to him- a lot more. If you don't want to bury this game before it even stared you gonna do something about it.For now I DON'T recommend this game. I am too old to deal with kids. 1hours of picking up the wood and stones and some 12yo kills you in a second with a bow/riffle. The ♥♥♥♥, I ask?"
,Not Recommended,393420,20713859,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Strelok,"Avoid it for now. Like many early access survival games, it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, pisspoor netcode. Leading to some hilarious, lag-tastic encounters."
,Not Recommended,393420,19623560,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,inthewasteland,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW--12.10.15This game maybe has some potential, but its not close yet.  The survival aspect is there, as in it is easy to die, at the beginning especially. The nights will absolutely kill you if you dont have a fire, and you will most likely starve a number of times.  But its very shallow right now.  Within a few days you will have alot of stuff built to survive, and will mainly be running around just trying to gather for the high level items.  And gathering mats is a huge pain right now, as you have to run to an area, then wait for stuff to possibly spawn in,  then move 100 yds, and then wait for stuff to spawn in again.  Thats the only way to find things to harvest right now--if you actually keep moving, you wont ever find anything, unless someone else was previously in the same area.The hardest thing to survive on this game though isnt really the elements, its the high level players that have nothing better to do than sit at the spawn areas and shoot and run over new players.  It really leaves a great impression on new players to log in, and get run over instantly--and repeatedly <sarcasm>  It seems they already have spawn invulnerability in the game, as it pops up on screen when you spawn in--the problem is that it goes away within seconds.  It would make more sense to at least put a timer of a few minutes on the invulnerability so that new spawns could at least scatter without getting griefed.  This issue goes away as soon as you are able to put down an ownership stake, so at least there is that.  Of course, one of the mats for that stake are hard to find if you leave the starting area.as the game progresses i will try and update this, as im sure alot of the issues are planned to be fixed, and i hope that there is a lot more depth planned."
,Not Recommended,393420,20381831,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Codman,Fun the first few days then done with it
,Recommended,393420,19652371,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Zone,9/11
76561198099929262,Not Recommended,393420,20613248,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rambo Rick,As The Trumpster i would not recomend this game because of its terrible  frame rate and its hacked lobbys where i can;t even walk
76561198118784959,Not Recommended,393420,19751604,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,HAWK,¤ I live in UK¤ I'm rubber-banding every♥♥♥♥ing second¤ ♥♥♥♥ this game¤ Thanks Gaben for refund¤ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198049688882,Not Recommended,393420,21120963,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Four40SixPak,"Dont belive any of the reviews you read that are positive, sure this game has potential to be a good game but first it needs another year or better of development and bug testing. as it sits it needs better servers that dont lag then 20 people are on it, better hit detection, better ai as they are wizards and teleport across the map, a anti hack that works as hackers are everywhere , and some actual variety to the building blocks and landscape as all zones are the same and theres only like 5 blocks in 4 varietys you can make plus 4 different doors. theres not even a ladder or a stair as far as i can tell, ive looked everywhere to try an find this one out.  if you are looing at this game, follow it buy something else and check back in a year to see if it has developed at all. until that its a buggy unfun mess full of hackers and lag."
,Recommended,393420,22644881,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,DemonLordB7R,"This is the only survival game i could really get into,mostly because of it's polishness(for an early acess game) and the heavily PvP oriented gameplay.Although most of the time i'm farming,building and avoiding other players,the thrill and imminent danger not only from the environment but from others desperate and treacherous survivors is what should this genre be about.The crafting system is also always pushing you forward,looking for new and increasingly harder-to-get materials on the sprawling and biome diverse map.Where the game really got a hold on me is that there's always a sense of goal and you never get bored,sometimes you get of your way due to some promising look scavenging,only to find three or four players fighting over some car parts.Or sometimes really unexpected opportunities present themselves as you stalk someone or as watch from a distance when marauders raids some poor fool's house.Even the cartoonish graphics(that's really not my thing)look very good.The point is,if you are interested and like the genre,definitely worth buying,even at this stage of development.Sorry for any error in the text,english is not my first language."
76561198089612272,Not Recommended,393420,20064953,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SjorsTea,"A boring and empty world that has potential, but certainly not right now.Another rust-wannabe with way too little content spread over a way too large time."
,Recommended,393420,35043999,Posted: 18 September,all,"Sargent ""D""",What Rust SHOULD HAVE BECOME....Not what it is now.....This game is better than modern rust by a long shot
76561197983650470,Not Recommended,393420,34385351,Posted: 20 August,all,Sphee-Chan,Shitworld
,Not Recommended,393420,19686099,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Fear Gingers,Well the games functional not that many bugs or issues with latency.Content feels a bit limited for now particularly biomes outside the starting area but im sure they'll add more.unfortunately it falls into the trap of the multiplayer survival genre where the worst thing about the game is the other players and is multiplayer only.I'd rather play it on a private server
,Recommended,393420,23043065,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,✪REKT✪ BloodyB,This game is REALLY FANTASTIC ! I very recommend this game for the all .
76561198271664470,Recommended,393420,22713490,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Thing 1,its alot of fun
76561198132586505,Recommended,393420,30459489,Posted: 11 March,all,Pepox64,"love this game. very difficult to get all the gear in the game, how ever this means you can play it for longer and feal acomplished when you are there."
76561198324579115,Not Recommended,393420,29246088,Posted: 14 January,all,Solo Hunter,"pale copy of rust, still needs work, lag on the server I used, will try again in the future maybe.  For the moment boring."
,Not Recommended,393420,22805852,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fox,"Well...This was...a thing. That I played.I've heard a lot about how good this game is. And how it's just as good as other OW survival games like H1Z1 or Rust.And when I started it up I was already disappointed. No character customization or choice, for that matter. We're all just a bunch of clones of the same dude, running around trying to kill each other.Graphically, it's nice, especially for an alpha game.Kind of reminded me of The Long Dark, which is a very beautiful game.But not even a minute in, some naked a$$hole asked if i had any tools, (a lot of newbs do this) and I just said nah, that I just started and parted ways. And what does this guy do? He comes up behind me, fully dressed and with a bow and arrow-and shoots me in the back.That. Is the PVP community. So if you can't even begin to tolerate that, games like this aren't for you. Because no single player mode. Because who would EVER play this kind fo game and not want immature and bigoted public in it? Because zero moderation. They could just camp all day there and shoot anyone that spawns. Plus no screening for a$$holes- the same issue I had with H1Z1, who are solely a PVP/PVE game.And pf. Good luck finding a server that is PVE. They don't even have an official one. And if they do, they certainly don't label it. Nor do the admins (or anyone) will answer you on if it is or isn't. I most certainly didn't feel welcome on every server I tried.They won't even answer you if you ask why the hell the servers are wiped every two weeks.And yeah, it seems like every server does it. So anyone in this game for the long haul? If you can weight five or six years, they'll have it for you. But right now, it's a game where you ♥♥♥♥ around for an hour before you get bored. Because there's no point exploring their world if all your hard work disappears every 16 days. Not to mention most of what I saw for a map, there wasn't nearly enough content. There's a deadzone of desert the size of Texas running through the split of the map.And WHILE I UNDERSTAND this is an alpha game, and wipes will happen every once in awhile. I fully expect that without much issue...But every two weeks???That's ridiculous and outraging.Do you even know about your demographic? Open world survivalists want a long time to live in the world. We want to explore the fullest levels and skill you can accomplish. We want to build as much as we want without a damned deadline. And sure we appreciate frequent updating...but not so much that you break the game.So now, it's just a game in my library which I wistfully sigh at, before moving on to another alpha OWS that actually functions enough to at least spend $16 on it.TLDR- This game will be pretty damned cool once it's playable. Would give a 3/10 right now, and can't recommend until they improve."
,Not Recommended,393420,20693116,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Handful of ants,♥♥♥♥
76561198121845150,Not Recommended,393420,19755139,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Podrao,Jogo é ate legalzinho mas tem mt power abuser
76561198260518902,Not Recommended,393420,19835922,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,wulf takahashi,"I see alot of people recommending this game. Well, its not all joy and happy times.Pros:-Fun for a few hours at a time.-""Nice"" players due to the system where you don't drop core items (tools) on death, unless you kill someone else then for a certain time frame, you will drop everything-looks fine-can't get everything in an hour or two-saw someone say the food goes down to fast. It takes about 25 mins for you to be hungry once you spawn, and you can normally get a metric ♥♥♥♥-ton of food.-devs are still working on it and might fix most of the consCons:-While most players won't KOS, it's damn near impossible to get better resourses than tier 2 because of the number of grade A ♥♥♥♥♥ who build in the area where higher tier rocks spawn and shoot everyone else regardless of the death system for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles (I get this happens in a lot of games, but the map is kind of small so its not a lot of space where the higher tier rocks spawn)-Servers are always full and sometimes when trying to connect to a server, you will join a random one. Had this happen to me, got all my tier 2 gear, then disconnected to find that I had joined a random server (there is a favorites server section, but no server history section). The server that I do have friends on and my gear is always full and I can never play on it.-Too little to do. Sure, once you get a gun you're going to want to try and get a car, but other than that, there isn't much to do. Only around 6-7 different ores to mine, 4 of which are used to craft better gear. You could always build a bigger house, but this is a PVP raiding game, so making it look nice will only get it blown up faster. I was surprised by the different animals you will find, but killing them isn't that big of a deal.-Not many special locations. From the screenshots and trailer, it looked like you would come across already build towns, but there are only around 4-5 special areas (most of them late game) and maybe 1-2 different areas. (excluding biomes)- AI for animals is garbage for the most part. Their agro range seems to vary from time to time, making it hard to kill the little goat things for food.-Wipes for seemingly small updates (not sure if it has to do with coding so this may be a must)-Die of hypothermia to easily, though sometimes with so/so gear you can make it through the night. Its kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ how slowly hypothermia goes down once you get it and you end up dying from it-Spawn rates. It's really stupid when you die because flint and/or wood wouldn't spawn. I was only able to survive in one place because I would huddle up to a guys house and get warm from his fire through the wall. I went 6 nights straight without seeing a flint rock spawn. I tried asking the guy for flint, but he didn't speak english. The spawn rates wouldn't be so bad if the damn fires wouldn't despawn once they ran out of fuel.-I'm cold. Now I'm hot. Now I'm cold. Now I'm hot. Sit next to fire to keep yourself warm and not cold during the night, but sometimes you get to hot and have to get away from the fire. Then you get to cold and have to go back to the fire.-THE BIGGEST ♥♥♥♥♥ OF THEM ALL IS WHEN IT BUFFERS AND THEN ♥♥♥♥S THE FPS DOWN TO A MAX OF 2 WHERE YOU HAVE TO DISCONNECT AND HOPE YOU CAN STILL GET BACK IN THE SERVER YOU WERE IN. (Could just be my computer, but I get 30-45 fps on max settings so idk why it does this every so often where the fps doesn't go back up)So/So:-Map is big but small. You have to craft better gear to get to the other parts of the map which I'm fine with, but it makes the ""starting"" area smaller and easier for bandits to camp higher tier rocks.Maybe I'm just nitpicking, maybe I'm not, idk. Could just be bad times I've had. If you want to buy this game, wait till they add more and fix things."
,Not Recommended,393420,20402713,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DarkSupremo,"The game itself is fun albeit lacking any endgame whatsoever.Today however was wipe day and there is a known (for 3 days at least) exploit that allows people to crash the game for others that come close by using a specific nickname.The official servers are overrun with Chinese people abusing that exploit, crashing people left and right allowing them to loot your body.The exploit has been known for 3 days yet the devs have done absolutely nothing (oh, they banned 1% of the users that was abusing it, instead of focusing on an fix asap, that would be really simple, just an filter to usernames). Until that exploit is fixed the game is quite literally unplayable as you'll crash/freeze every few minutes."
,Not Recommended,393420,35102508,Posted: 21 September,all,nase,ouch
76561198074938738,Not Recommended,393420,25196251,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,EXP HUNTER,should have saved my money
,Not Recommended,393420,20402721,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Phoefire,"From what this game has turned into I wish I could return it. Nothing but Hackers, go up close to a person boom, your ping gets shot through the roof and you freeze, 5 seconds later you respawn! We all know whos actually cheating too *cough* *cough*. The Devs Get mad at the player base for saying that certain countries are the ones for hacking. If you played the game it would be obivous but they refuse to acknowledge it. I wont say names but trust me if you play you know who *cough*. The game is written in unity, which is full of holes, so the cheating is to be expected. I recommend waiting until they fix the game and possibly put region block on the game, or you could save yourself some money and not buy it at all.Other Then that its a good game. I will continue to update as time goes on."
76561197963582983,Not Recommended,393420,20231328,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Chrido,"Stupid game. Keep respawning in same area, 5+ guys just standing around waiting to kill you as soon as you respawn. Pointless trying to collect anything since you will be gunned down with machine guns before you can craft anything anyway.Atleast make the spawn more random, the world a bit bigger. Make some easier way of setting the spawn point that doesnt require you to collect and build too many things.I've played a lot of Rust, so I don't mind games being hardcore. But this game is just plain stupid."
,Recommended,393420,25986360,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Monkey,fun game haha
,Recommended,393420,30531871,Posted: 15 March,all,kfs65,very hard to do a live on PvP survairs
76561198125816577,Not Recommended,393420,20169994,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Simtem,"laggy, died of rain, did not enjoy"
,Recommended,393420,19706466,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,WetBoi,Hurtworld > Rust/ARK/DayZ
,Recommended,393420,19677994,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Budimkafin,1 word=Perfect
,Recommended,393420,22736075,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,^ ^6💥 loadedboy,It was good just wait until it gets more stuffz.
,Recommended,393420,32143357,Posted: 2 June,all,MaTy | GJ VAC :D,"Its a very challenging survival game where the only goal is to stay alive and team up with your friends.. I really enjoyed the game play but the only problem was the waste of time you spent on searching and scavenging through the map for vehicles, ores and etc...But generally it was wonderful...!!"
,Recommended,393420,30842172,Posted: 30 March,all,Yare Yare ):,man this game its amazing very difficult to survival and get gear and amazing pvp its really fun
76561198065412101,Not Recommended,393420,26190682,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Eternal Tilt,bad rust
,Recommended,393420,19491816,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Limitless6,"Chased by a ""Bor"" for 3 hrs and starved to death.9/10 Needs more ""owrongs""."
,Not Recommended,393420,22746383,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,adkmad,It takes 700 stone to build a 3 foundation house with 1 story! Its unplayabe! I don't have the time to spend 3 hours getting stone or wood! Plz FIX NOW!
,Not Recommended,393420,20408431,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,oisterjosh,"Almost nonexistent support from the devs, and huge amounts of hackers completely ruining the game for everyone. Don't buy this game at this point in its development unless you plan on playing on a private server with only your friends."
76561198219544979,Not Recommended,393420,33947685,Posted: 1 August,all,Water_melon,this game sucks boring
76561198218502012,Not Recommended,393420,29376415,Posted: 20 January,all,bZerk,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, i waste my money on it and when i try to play it, it says ""Family sharring not aloud"" Like wtf i brought this myself, if this is common don't waste your money..."
,Not Recommended,393420,19976384,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SlimNigy,this game is really bad you die everynight if u dont have clothes im getting a refund
,Recommended,393420,19513540,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dolpduck,gud gam
,Not Recommended,393420,19906892,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Energy,this game lags way to much for a game of this type my computer can run alot of games but the crashes from this one are really bad
76561198091959699,Not Recommended,393420,21736273,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Trakz,worked for about 2 weeks now just crashes or dosent respond everytime i try to launch.  waste of money
,Not Recommended,393420,23815585,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Infinity [] hellcase.com,SUCKS
,Not Recommended,393420,19681791,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DougDimmadome,"Very boring when you first join a server, it takes a long time to get basic materials. Metabolism affects are very unrealistic, for example, you could have a heatstroke and then freeze to death within 5 second period. Would not reccomend in its current state"
76561198244885818,Recommended,393420,30932707,Posted: 3 April,all,C4pt4inMitchi3,one of my most favourite game definitely recomend
,Not Recommended,393420,24360645,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Lukas2033,"If you realy want to buy this game, make sure you got a friend who will play this with you.I didnt played it a lot but the time i played it, it was extremley boring.Example:First SpawnTry to get some materialsWhile running a bit deeper in the map getting shot and hunted by other playersRespawnNight cant find materials fast enought because of getting hunted by other players all the timeDead againLeftI created my own server to learn how this game works. After I learn enought about the game I tried again to join a server and do my best ! But again you always get hunted by Players.+Good Performence+Easy to Learn+Simple Controls+Lagless Gameplay-Hard to play without Friends-Graphics are not the best-gets boring pretty fast-Players always kill you-hard to begin on a serverBtw: This is my own opinion you can think different about this Game"
,Not Recommended,393420,20204587,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,mini nut,fakin wasted $30 on a game that has less content than rust and has occasionally a worse community.
76561198119649156,Not Recommended,393420,22805103,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Apex.Duke11,I wonder if theyve added raiding?
,Recommended,393420,31789450,Posted: 16 May,all,ค๔гเคภ,The Best Survival FPS!!!Some bugs to fix. So it's not problem to play :D
,Not Recommended,393420,21060449,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,-=| AdrianX |=- kickback.com,its a realy nice game but ... no friends no fun ... if u re alone then dont buy it !and another nagatives of this game is: no tutorial how to play it or atc: u cant fight barehanded: starting is hard in this game (i couldn´t find any of thoes items to craft a weapon to defend my self)If u know how to play this game and u have friends who are enjoy the playing of this game ... then go ahead and buy it !u sould proably be realy good in this game.but i asked for refound.
76561198059371344,Not Recommended,393420,28645395,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Benny5820,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,393420,19541046,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[RGX]Tarshadow5,This game is like rust on steriods
,Recommended,393420,22840983,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Baby Jesus,"Great game! 10/10Graphics - Could be better, on the bright side it's still Alpha!Everything is well done I reckon!"
76561198066778571,Not Recommended,393420,19826368,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,TrOnIz,shiiiiit .. cant ♥♥♥♥♥♥ get in to any servers :S
76561198202526123,Recommended,393420,30193417,Posted: 26 February,all,KWxHowlingWolf csgo500.com,nice game
76561198058512884,Not Recommended,393420,34379706,Posted: 20 August,all,Bloodcell,This game sucks.
76561198366841601,Not Recommended,393420,35092060,Posted: 20 September,all,SomeRandomGuy,"Worst game everSucky graphics, Impossible to actually hit a deer and for it to count as a kill, and the game in general was not anything like it was shown in the ads"
76561198239329054,Not Recommended,393420,34424602,Posted: 22 August,all,Sky csoffer.me,i like this game for the most part i was playing with friends but the one thing i didnt like was theres no map... we couldnt find eachother at all. ADD A MAP
,Not Recommended,393420,21140557,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Partisan,"If you've played survival gathering / crafting games, you've played them all. Hurtworld offers nothing new or inventive, however it takes aspects of other survival/gathering games and puts them into play quite well.The map is decent sized, and of course after you hit that stagnant content wall of having everything, and having a decent base, there's nothing left to do other than run around murdering people, which is always fun.Overall, you aren't missing anything if you don't buy it, and if you already have the standard gathering/survival/building games we all know, this is the same thing. Save the money."
,Recommended,393420,19678406,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DerSchowieda,Geil
,Recommended,393420,19593231,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Bonz,"I am an avid gamer love to test out early access/new games. I highly recommend this game if you computer can not run rust or even if you like rust you will love this game as well. I like the fact that it has a lot of things to do in the first couple patches and the fact that the developers are active in fixing things that needed to be fixed. like this for example the developer noticed a dupping glitch the day after it released, as soon as he found it he fixed it and released the new patch. He didnt wait weeks to fix it like most early access games that come out today. this game is very good and i like it a lot yes i only have 24 hours of play, but when i first got it i could not put it down for 12 hours thats right i plaied for 12 hours strait!!"
,Recommended,393420,29592997,Posted: 30 January,all,Skin.Trade - CsgoMemeZ_,This game is so fun to play!!
76561198081617768,Recommended,393420,25944773,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TB ALPHA WOLF,make amber more please itss almost immpossible to find and is so random in spawns
,Not Recommended,393420,22871386,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Chinzilla.,Downhill since first version.  super fun when it was released though
,Recommended,393420,24333223,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,✿ Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru✔,>Sees a bull>Pokes it with my spear>Runs like a mad man>It chases me like a mad dog>It sees my friend>It chases my friend>I sit back and watch them tango11/10 would enjoy another bull friend again
,Not Recommended,393420,20955648,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Reelly,"<Review based on 0.3.3.0><Review will recieve updates when/if necessary>Pre 0.3.3.0 was LOTS of fun - I easily clocked 500+ legitimate hours (not AFK), and bought the game for 2 of my friends.Post 0.3.3.0 is a grindy, boring mess, and the devs are either clueless or could care less to do anything about it.One minute the devs talk about wanting to create fast MOBA like gameplay, with quick server resets (days - not months) and fast game play, and the next minute, they're nerfing a vital end game item, taking every other end game item with it and creating servers that never wipe - completely killing their stated game concept by slowing its pace down to something a snail would laugh at.Essentially, the devs removed the whole point of the game, and replaced it with a grind worthy of an established MMO.I won't recommend this game to anybody again until the devs work out what it's going to be, and what they want it to be - Early Access is not an excuse for lacking in game design concepts/documents, and hiding behind poorly thought out changes doesn't hide the lack of concept - it completely proves it!5/2/2016: Patch 0.3.3.3 has dropped and has a lot of QoL changes. I will update my review when I have had a chance to play it properly."
,Not Recommended,393420,19818847,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,BananaManJuck,"THIS GAME IS GARBAGO, EVERYONE IS MEAN JUST LIKE RUST AND H1Z1. That infamy system doesn't scare anyone. Be warned."
,Not Recommended,393420,25970782,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,i steal your money,once they fix how you keep crashing when you join a server and play for a few minutes im not changing my opinion.
,Not Recommended,393420,19901199,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Delirious Maximus,Don't buy it. It has a toxic community of hackers and scumbags. And issues like chronic crashing and undue lag go unadressed by developers. The only thing i can reccomend about this game is the uninstall button.
,Not Recommended,393420,19932144,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Popeye The Sailor,well i dont like it. thats all
76561198132340340,Not Recommended,393420,20231882,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Murphy_Online46,Can I get a refund?
76561197985459169,Not Recommended,393420,20233592,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Bummer6,"Like rust, but worse."
,Not Recommended,393420,20239681,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,AgressiveShower,Its so bad that it gave me stage 4 cancer. I am in hospice if anyone wants to visit me.
76561198170207769,Not Recommended,393420,27219873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jellykidno,"Loading times are absolutely garbage to load into a serveronce you get into a server the framerate is trash and even unplayablemore than half of my play time was waiting for the game to loadseems like you need a really good pc for this game but that doesn't make sense since the game doesn't look like it has very good graphics due to its cartoony art designIn  the game you are always dying in some way! You're either starving, or cold, or hot, and it gets annoying when you literally just spawned inthey want to be better than Rust by having cars, but they're too damn buggyGo buy another game, this game is disgusting trash"
,Not Recommended,393420,19687050,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gukdak,"If you have recently purchased Hurtworld, I would first like to extend my deepest apologies. If you havent yet, please watch this video.  The current hacks are disgusting , heres a video for refhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtgQFSX2VCM."
76561197992156637,Not Recommended,393420,24637214,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Thug Nasty,This game was super laggy from the beginning and never got better even after updates. This game was a complete waste of money and disappointment. I do not recommend this game as there are others that are similar if not the same. I tried the game on several computers to only get extreme lag each time. Don't waste your money on this game. I would not have left this review if I got a refund but due to feeling like my money was stolen this review is necessary to alert to stay away from this game and save your money.
,Not Recommended,393420,20917259,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ben Dawson,"I thought this would be fun. It was for about 3-4 hours, then it got boring. Not worth the price"
,Recommended,393420,19548949,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Đαηтє,"Me: ""Help what do i do this thing is chasing me!""Guy: "" *Maniacal laughter* YOU STAB IT""*Kills it*Guy: ""hue""But for real this game is awesome pick it up.10/10-Graphics 40/40 Gameplay 40/40 Community 20/20-"
76561198000008534,Not Recommended,393420,29238225,Posted: 13 January,all,[ZOC]Crossbone,"This game is TERRIBLE!!  The community is TOXIC.  Right after I started the game I was killed, then spawned killed.. I tried again, gathered some supplies. Was run over by a car, and then spawn killed.  This game is Cancer."
76561198217619104,Recommended,393420,20661536,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,zilīszāns,Nice game
,Recommended,393420,32884162,Posted: 27 June,all,Coyote Lip,"This game is fun and easy to learn, much friendlier than rust and less computer intensive, i recommend more than rust"
,Recommended,393420,23227981,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hun The Cat,Has a lot of potential !
,Recommended,393420,24709109,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,GABVN １９９５,fajna gra suka ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198104351108,Recommended,393420,31557712,Posted: 5 May,all,IFa9l,"very good game, nice and easy to play .  :)"
76561198068332995,Not Recommended,393420,20425931,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,transluc3nt,poo
,Recommended,393420,19816812,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Charlayyyyyyy,Bought it.Got a refund.Would do it again.10/10
76561198128644391,Recommended,393420,29208930,Posted: 12 January,all,Superoeli,Best survival game evah!!!!!
,Not Recommended,393420,19816175,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,atm2198,its bad
,Recommended,393420,24644212,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lil Yattie,I Want My ♥♥♥♥ing Money Back TY
,Not Recommended,393420,21034686,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Timesight,SUX N LAGS
,Not Recommended,393420,21039739,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,de_vorno,"Just another survival game, I did not find it entertaining."
76561197981600973,Not Recommended,393420,33544449,Posted: 14 July,all,DvS,Doesn't come with Rosetta Stone Russian.Severs seem dead compared to when it was released.
,Not Recommended,393420,33566866,Posted: 15 July,all,G4mm4,dead and stuck in EA
76561198159623903,Not Recommended,393420,23059812,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Deezlar,A game for true masochists with a lot of free time. All other people should not buy this as it is a waste of your time and money. I Bought the game because of the good ratings. Unfortunately those were very wrong. While trying to build yourself a base/house in the game you will spend days or weeks cutting wood and rocks because you need an insane amount of both to build anything. Only to see your work destroyed by the bums waiting for you to finish. And you can start all over again if you are stupid enough.
,Recommended,393420,23162233,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ghost,So far Hurt World has been a great game to play i realy enjoy playing it with my friends but i think it would be even cooler it there were more clothes like a cool trench cout with other colors and a single player mode so if you just want to play by yourself you can and a steam market with cool clothes and gun skins to make to game evan better than it already is i hope i gave you guys some cool ideas to make your great game even better thanks for reading
,Recommended,393420,35213989,Posted: 25 September,all,Jetinator,I give it a 10/10
76561198031946445,Not Recommended,393420,20247684,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GreatLordBigler,"I'll have to get this game a thumbs down and I do not recommend it if you have a NVIDIA driver. It was alright the 30 mins I play'd before refunding. But it wouldn't run well at all on every server I tried, even though my PC should be able to run it just fine. Found out that apparently this game doesn't run well with NVIDIA drivers. So I refunded but hopefully this problem will be fixed soon and I can maybe try it again."
,Recommended,393420,22213440,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Leonardo,fist me daddy
,Not Recommended,393420,22454883,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Switch,"U can't fuken connect to a server, games trash steam took my money and laughed in my face I wasted 40$ Dont make the same mistake as me!"
,Not Recommended,393420,34331849,Posted: 18 August,all,if i lose its your fault,"Hahaha another Early Access pile of trash. Look decent enough in trailers and screenshots, just awful in game. Do you want to do literally anything in this game? Too bad, you're hungry. Just killed a deer? Too bad, chance it won't drop meat. Just killed a boar? Haha, doesn't even drop anything. Finally got deer meet to cook? Too bad, you can't place a campfire down! Actually, you can't place ANYTHING down. Only in small areas that are literally impossible to tell can you place stuff down. You died from starvation.Finally get lucky and get multiple meat from deer and satisfied your hunger for 5 minutes? Be careful when cooking it, you'll die if you're anywhere near the fireplace. Finally cook that deer meat? Hey, now you can do some stuff. Kill a dude who was driving a car? Too bad you can't drive it anymore and it will be glitched unable to move. Want to build a house to put your loot in? Have fun attempting to find rocks to mine for materials to build the house. See you in an hour if hunger hasn't managed to kill you first. Finally get enough resources for a single 1x1? Haha, too bad you can't place a Totem down to secure your house. Remember? Nothing can be placed down in almsot all areas.Refunded."
76561198076911749,Not Recommended,393420,34688506,Posted: 2 September,all,Norkan,Grindy as hell.
,Recommended,393420,26015292,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Evander,"Nice survival game,if you like building bases an taking all the stuff of noobs then this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,393420,35358225,Posted: 30 September,all,JaffaKlappa,"I bought this game thinking it would be something similar to rust, but I was very wrong. there are tons of hackers and the graphics and gameplay are terrible plus there are hardly any people on any servers. leaving this game dead."
,Recommended,393420,19569204,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,MD,"Nice game, reminds me of the first version of Rust, farm and farm and go kill !"
,Recommended,393420,19594966,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kackalack,"Amazing game, for a recently released alpha survival this game has a lot of its gameplay already done. Farming, vehicles, the map, as well as a plethora of items."
,Recommended,393420,19671716,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,KappaTteSPORTS,no friendly ok  :)
,Not Recommended,393420,20049840,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kit,"I heard this game was not like other survival games, and thats right. Unlike other survival games that have SOME intresting things to do, strait away you have nothing and collect driftwood for an hour to build a spear, only to get blown away by a admin with gear they spawned in. This game was very VERY boring. Honestly, you shouldnt buy this."
,Not Recommended,393420,20041372,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,녹색 게임,i load up and click join and crashes everytime give me my dang refund
76561198205552720,Not Recommended,393420,20042121,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,;Aimbotted;,I Hate this game it dosent even work... - FOR ME -
76561198153677715,Not Recommended,393420,21657294,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rich Chigga,"doesnt allowed to create your own server &play with your friend. If your want to play with your friend in your own server, you have to buy or rent it"
,Not Recommended,393420,25433963,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Khothys,"Hardcore, to the point where its not fun. build mechanics are difficult to understand. cold is really the worst thing about the game. if you're into that, go for it."
,Not Recommended,393420,22020778,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Basil the Bat Lord,"I wanna join a server and it keeps saying ""connection problem""This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, don't buy it."
76561198166819108,Not Recommended,393420,22523778,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Long Schlong Dong,Basically a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Rust for a higher price. Gets boring really fast and is very laggy as well. Alot needsTo be added to this game to make it worth your time or money. My advice is just get Rust
,Recommended,393420,25177565,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Uitkering,good game
76561198119601842,Not Recommended,393420,20610137,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,8BitTxchniques,"Does not run on low end pc/laptops(You have to run on super low settings for it to work, which then it looks like crap)Do not waste your money. If you have already bought it request a refund."
76561198234232544,Not Recommended,393420,30585967,Posted: 18 March,all,dansby,trash garbage game ever made
,Recommended,393420,29089001,Posted: 7 January,all,LuckyJP,k
,Not Recommended,393420,20353475,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,FloopiFloop,This game is so boring i rather buy Hello Kitty in the Barby World than this too bad i played 3 hours so steam wont give me a refund no hello kitty game for meNow for more rational review i like the art style its really good but theres barley anything to do in the game and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with better gear will kill you steal the house you just tried to build cause you dont know whatha♥♥♥♥ is a Totem and kill you again (but i juked them trough the bushes cause i play league of legends they were so stupid so i didnt die)game developers plz update the game add more animals maybe bosses more gear something to do in this boring game cause right now the only thing i liked about the game is the art style so i give dis 4/10 blazes from minecraft cause thos ♥♥♥♥ing blazes burn me when i get close to the ♥♥♥♥ing campfire wtf like since when do you get a heatstroke if you are trying to get warm from a ♥♥♥♥ing campfire cause ♥♥♥♥ logicif you want to buy this game w8 and keep w8ing untill it will get better cause right now you better buy some yummy tasty donuts
76561198125317241,Recommended,393420,22007633,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Papa Moorhen,"Finding the right server is key,Too many people and you'll get killed quicker then Jews in Germany mid 1900's.An empty server and you'll be bored like Anne Frank.10/10 wouldn't be a jew again"
76561198017164441,Not Recommended,393420,19839395,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Teamshortbus,This game is TERRIBLE! I don't get why its getting such good reviews. Just going to be another early access junk game. Zone in for the 1st time group of people we weapons killing fresh spawns over and over again. No option to spawn anywhere else so all you do is die non stop.
76561198196805598,Not Recommended,393420,19907252,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ElMatador1245,"I don't recommend this game that much, since starting in December 5 it was nice and peaceful. Now for these days is just Noobs KoS'ing instead of building a damn base"
76561198132696091,Recommended,393420,19827743,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,nerdlogic77,I used to be a scrub once...But now I have pants...11/10Would play again
,Recommended,393420,19830459,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,♘KnightOfTheNorth,"So Hurtworld, this game is super, super super super interesting. It's a lot like other types of survival games, but it has a aspect to it that is different than other games like this.It's hard in the start, but once you get into the feel of things, it gets pretty easy afterwards, but there are some challenges.It's still in development so I expect there are more things to be added, but there is still plenty in the game as is."
,Recommended,393420,19645891,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,✖Kal✖,good game just buy it but it really laggy need to fix then this game will be perfect :)
76561198112838536,Not Recommended,393420,20433547,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Superman,Worst game ecer cant  even log onto a server DONT BUY GAME WAIST OF MONEY!!!!
76561198284731873,Not Recommended,393420,21306543,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,camreagan,this game blows it can never run well on a windows and it doesnt allow me to play on my mac and it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥it is not worth the 25 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars
,Not Recommended,393420,20803307,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,✪Legendary Raider Scum (Jet),"Freezing to death during daytime with clothes onHaving heatstrokes in the middle of the nightFinally finding a nice mining area... loaded with the acid spitting ♥♥♥♥ers and BigfootsCan't cut down trees?Crafting requirements, obsurdConclusionThe ♥♥♥♥ Did I Just Play!?"
,Recommended,393420,27506059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,K.E.I.M.W,Nie polecam ale polecam xd
,Not Recommended,393420,29451816,Posted: 23 January,all,Bunny <3,"Nothing interesing or amusing in building when you have spent hours numbing your mind gathering. When this game came out I suppose one may have found the first couple days of play decent, as there were still some things they had yet to experience. After a months, not only is there not 1 new thing, they somehow took it a step further and made the old things I found fun .. NOT fun."
,Recommended,393420,20005031,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ultragamer,Good survival game.
,Not Recommended,393420,20693019,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Supreme Leader,almost impossible to find enough stuff for hachet just to collect axe on server
76561198194703518,Recommended,393420,31048175,Posted: 9 April,all,Matys,Good Game :)
,Not Recommended,393420,20838341,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,A$AP RGEE,ew
76561198163140713,Recommended,393420,25705740,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Adam2907,Its a great game
76561198052389721,Not Recommended,393420,19864855,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Wooddyy,"Didn't really enjoy, you spend half the game dying of cold, so your stuck standing by a campfire, and the other half looking for food because you're always hungry"
76561198060473947,Not Recommended,393420,21197924,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Steven,"This game sucks! can't even connect to the server, the server keep showing offline, when using console to connect server's ip its say steam authentication failed. jibai punya game =))"
,Recommended,393420,19692026,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nicklypuff,-started up the game with 2 of my friends-Found airhump option-airhumped eachother-found a guy with cool stuff-Chased him and yelled mean stuff about his mom-we all starved to death10/10 would starve again
,Not Recommended,393420,21198479,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Jawbone,Cheatworld.
76561198066826099,Not Recommended,393420,21191666,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Eepy10,A guy is holding me and my friend up with a gun. I kill him with a spear but yet we get nothing because the devs thought it was a good idea for people to only drop stuff if they have recently killed somebody. That honestly just ruins the game for me.
76561198027785535,Not Recommended,393420,26258814,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sentinal,i will only like this game if is single player . it even says this games a single player game but is not :c
76561198125015190,Not Recommended,393420,23849744,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lord_nashdar,i thought it would be fun tbut the toumbstone really irrated i wasent so happy but other people might be happy but be carful what you buy because i messed up
76561198022628048,Recommended,393420,20808543,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsay,"bought the game 6 days ago, it's okay, I guess."
,Recommended,393420,20464770,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pikachu has potatoes,"- Bough the game- Meh.. boring- Refund- Played more hours until refund- LOVE IT, GET ADDICTED- Sad because no more game- Waiting for refund (24hours)- Got money- Bought game again- Happy addictedP.S - It's really the true story!"
,Recommended,393420,23203190,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FarkenFennell,Farken sick game get amongst that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥what ever price it is at the time you are looking at buying its worth every dollar
76561198083507102,Recommended,393420,20535069,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,LittleGhostPP,It's a good game but alot of players r being racesis.
76561198148045602,Not Recommended,393420,22183272,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NOX,unplayable
76561198046940787,Not Recommended,393420,22559405,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Slayer99,Not worth it just buy rust instead. Their is no point in this game its just a money grab from the developers stealeing rusts idea.
,Recommended,393420,19629159,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ryan,"This game punched me in the D*ck and made me call him daddy because this is a very addicting and fun game! wow, even tho its early access, this game is worth the cash and attention, its even better then Rust! ewh.. rust."
76561198178479517,Not Recommended,393420,19764901,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,cycc,garabge .
,Not Recommended,393420,19971322,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,absolutely barbaric,It Is Not Worth Geting i Can Run Rust Skyrim but not this Magor Fps Isssues
76561198077789124,Not Recommended,393420,22108903,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SteelBallz,I am suprised this game has so many good reviews to be honest! Game is abit ridiculous as for a survival type game! You have to go through devious tasks just to build a small house and or find resources! It is very repetitive and quite boring! I hate to say it but Rust is much better and i dont like rust lolPros:Cool graphicsSmooth gameplayCons:Uses too much of the gpu!I have a full Cosmos 2 ultra Tower from Cooler Master Decked with fans and my cpu nor gpu never go over 40 degrees celcius unless I play this game Then my msi gtx 960 reaches 80+ degrees!That is ridiculous!Slow advancesStill cant build a baseNot enough inventory space to attempt crafting correctly...
76561198004626702,Not Recommended,393420,20741479,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ReddRainn,This game should be called Rubberband Land. Nothing like getting tossed around by lag every 20secs.  Was a great game at 1st. But now..........
,Recommended,393420,29928605,Posted: 14 February,all,XxXPussiDestroyer124XxX,"Hey, i need help wit hurtworld. After i started the game and joind a serwer its  crashes and stops working, plz help me i realy want to play"
,Not Recommended,393420,32551725,Posted: 18 June,all,YT | HamesAlwaysWins  ☭,"Farming Simulator, have to search to figure otu to play. with something complex you need a tutorial."
76561198258618916,Recommended,393420,30638510,Posted: 20 March,all,TurtleShell,Amazing game!!!!!
76561198131983030,Recommended,393420,29461574,Posted: 24 January,all,✪ ViRus,Very fun
,Recommended,393420,31657562,Posted: 9 May,all,TooGood4um8,its pretty lit tho
,Not Recommended,393420,19692203,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,daswiftguy,Might turn into a good game if they get rid of all the hackers and glitches.Until then dont waste your money.
76561197984327221,Not Recommended,393420,19689332,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Holyhell,"Simple if you want to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ass to everyone and KOS and have a bunch of buddys then this game is for you, if you are a solo peace full player dont bother, cause its the normal open world ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  Join game 80sec in get shot by some duch with a full auto rifle, then next got attacked by two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with bows vs my axe... waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money!!!"
76561198061191740,Recommended,393420,19691525,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,'Dodgin Be Like',SHieetsss Too GOod
,Recommended,393420,29976792,Posted: 16 February,all,Skippy,"Very well balanced game, all around great game. God work devs."
76561198057861362,Recommended,393420,19684063,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mr Bones,"Got around 9.4 hours on this , and im slowly falling in love.Pros:- Updates so far seem to be focusing on removing any hacks or exploits and giving admins more powers to ban hackers- The layout of the map allows you to either live a life of peaceful hunting , or to push forward into the desert to find better loot- Hunting is actually a challenge at the start , having to sneak up before the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goats run off at 1000 mph- Majority of players are friendly , which is something new to me in survival games- All in all a well balanced game- The only way to really raid is with C4 which is very hard to aquire so gives bases alot of worthCons :- IT IS STILL A EARLY ACCESS GAME , and hopefully the devs dont make too big changes which alter the mood of the game as its really fun at the moment- Few bugs , like stuff can randomly despawn like animals and resources"
76561198161573796,Recommended,393420,19687680,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SKIZZY_,"This game is super fun, if you liked Rust then you'll like this"
76561198010320455,Recommended,393420,19688250,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,fatboy21007,"very fun game, Expect to die to everything!  it does have its issues like all other EA's but its nice to have a fun active one for once, so far seems like devs are on point for keeping this going. Would reccomend it."
,Recommended,393420,19687662,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Super Spooky,"First off, this early access is AMAZING. It's so smooth that for 20 bucks this could be released already. The fact that they have so much more planned is insane and I can't wait.The base building is very similar to Fallout 4's actually, although I'd be willing to say its even smoother. It's lacking the more intensive parts of the Fallout system, but it definitely flows much better.The physics and fighting aspects are rock solid too. Spear throwing and shooting arrows feels great and I have yet to feel cheated when I die. When I die it's my fault, because I have plenty of opporunity to hide, run away and dodge, or fight back. Resources could be easier to find sometimes, but then again the game is supposed to force you to fight for progression.I absolutely love this game and can't wait to see what's added next!"
76561198157042866,Recommended,393420,19687681,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Vestige4eva,"fun, if you know how to make friends"
,Recommended,393420,19683163,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,hela,Have stared the starting screen for 5 mins to write the review10/10 would play again
,Recommended,393420,19687291,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,t o n y c a v v z,Love this game so far
,Recommended,393420,19688462,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gil444,I'm so hungry...10/10
,Recommended,393420,19885815,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,dogpuncher24,"Its better then Rust, buy it slave."
76561198147234433,Recommended,393420,22925188,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,NuminexTheSlayer,"Spacer man, Dem 4 k's eh?"
76561198274951577,Recommended,393420,22246863,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Squirrel,这游戏个人觉得还可以，希望Hurtworld更加有古代的味道
,Recommended,393420,25441037,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ananasschleichwerbung,Nice game
76561198263700215,Recommended,393420,25779224,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Geňo hellcase.com,"till, after 10 minutes it turns me what to do?"
,Recommended,393420,19719095,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,swag lord,"Imma make you Hurt(world), Imma make you hurt hurt"
,Recommended,393420,33078312,Posted: 1 July,all,Rados,"I brought the game, thinking it would be very cool. My pc somehow worked pretty well, which is wierd. but the game is not fun without your frieds, you cannot host your own server easily, which is a shame, but overall, its pretty good.I requested a refund because i knew i wouldnt play it. at all."
76561198006114784,Recommended,393420,19728895,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,gomaz,Its ziK
,Recommended,393420,19977787,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jack,"""No Chinese Or Russians""ok then....♥♥♥♥♥♥nuggets"
,Not Recommended,393420,24511358,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Junkrat,"From the photos and videos, it looked promising... But I was really disappointed with the servers, community, gameplay mechanics and world in general."
,Not Recommended,393420,24573606,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,PrimePanic,♥♥♥♥♥game. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,393420,22612889,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Papa Bless,no
,Not Recommended,393420,28128639,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TERPS,just 3v1'd some guys several times but could not loot due to 30 npc chasing meeventually died trying to loot due to npc. enemys get everything back plus my good gear for being♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game! GG hurtworld! overwhelming amounts of gameplay problems that the devs have basicly said they will never fix! do not buy
76561198075319884,Recommended,393420,20263458,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KoMa,"this game looks really good... i just got it, but, theres one problem, it wont let me launch the game with EAC, and when i launch the game without EAC, it wont let me join servers, i need your help to tell me whats going on"
,Recommended,393420,28315662,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,♥ Mr.Kat,Faine
,Recommended,393420,33791277,Posted: 25 July,all,METH_LEOPARD,when did i buy this?
,Recommended,393420,20020799,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Memes 'n' Egg Cream CSOFFER.ME,"This game is one of the best I've ever played, 100x better than Rust (In my opinion)5/7 (hi 9gag :3)"
76561197986326209,Recommended,393420,19566231,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Weeble,Everyone kills you.
,Not Recommended,393420,33701334,Posted: 21 July,all,Garry's mod,baaler game
,Not Recommended,393420,19899407,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zucaritas,Dont play it right now maybe wait for better evolution of game.First is you play some hours and you wont get anything more to do.Second is for get the high tier gear you have to walk a lot and avoid a lot of groups of big people or trade it for ambar.There is more things because you shouldnt buy this game.
76561197964741749,Not Recommended,393420,19687492,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Size9ed,"Crap, refunded."
76561198180157409,Not Recommended,393420,19898600,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jason,this game was fun for the first 10 hours but its just about who can sink the most hours in the fastest i did bad every time only getting to like a 2x1 and a bow with arrowsthis game is so bad unless you have a clan of 5 that all play 10 hours a day♥♥♥♥ing waste of $20
76561198146277456,Recommended,393420,30454347,Posted: 11 March,all,PolarPig,Pretty nuce.
76561198308324934,Not Recommended,393420,24967675,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,提吊挥墨,每次进服务器肯定会员GM或外挂而且这游戏的可玩性不高
,Not Recommended,393420,27146378,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Augnov,Dead Game
,Recommended,393420,27685710,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Logan Paul,wow this game is fuc***g best(better thant rust)
,Not Recommended,393420,19835040,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BearSlayer,Honestly just get Rust.
,Recommended,393420,22133185,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Seung-Hui Cho,great game to get a refund on. 10/10
,Not Recommended,393420,24441816,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Matt The Doormat,"This game would actually be fun if more people owned it and played it, the fact that all servers are empty and barely any people play it destroys the community. A good alternative to rust though and can be run easily on most pc's."
76561198220381831,Not Recommended,393420,31377878,Posted: 26 April,all,leanmeanmememachine,jou cant familly share what the ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,393420,22010971,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,chancla النار النملة,"3 Meses de ""exito"" despuès desaparecio, los developers no actualizan casi nunca..."
,Recommended,393420,20673353,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,NinjaReptile,"This game is pretty cool.It is quite easy to start off, there is quite a bit of content for the game, along with an extensive crafting system. I am looking forward to seeing more end-game content so once you get guns you aren't the top of the food chain.Very impressed so far, this game has a lot of potential for greatness."
76561198071024327,Recommended,393420,20111844,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MR. ROBO HEAVY 25,Hurtworld review-------------------------------Hurtworld is the game where u farm stuff meet cool friends build a base hunt animals mine rocks find uranium.-----------------------------------------and the lag is rubberbanding like crazy
76561198070253547,Recommended,393420,21244729,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Peter,"Awesome game with friends,So fun and wroth buy!"
76561197970741590,Not Recommended,393420,24459718,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jackthestripper,"Played this a little while at release and recently. Really fun survival game good theme with vehicles, most servers are dead. Hackers on community servers are rife."
76561198069595294,Recommended,393420,19817770,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,twitch.tv/wocketpocket82,If Rust and Mad Max had a baby.
,Recommended,393420,19978388,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bob the Happy Crab,Cultural diversity simulator 2k159/10 would try to communicate in chinese again.
76561198268426161,Recommended,393420,31460707,Posted: 30 April,all,Vain Ares69,Nice game pvp
76561198067207576,Recommended,393420,19611277,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Dawg711,I feel I should write this review to let others that are where I was at one point know this is a game worth the bucks. Why? Well for one if you are a fan of survival you will be a fan of this game. Know though at first you will die a lot maybe not to players certainly to the elements. Though this is fusturating at first once you get established it is a lot of fun. Also when you die in this you dont loose those important tools and weapons but you loose ammo and resources. Bear in mind this is Early Access and so there is much work to be done with it.I hope this helps a few people
,Recommended,393420,23707043,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cpt. PricE -A^ [v0.12.5],Good game but boring for a long time
76561198198538145,Not Recommended,393420,30976314,Posted: 6 April,all,Lakjak ム,realy bad
,Not Recommended,393420,20599074,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Derek.,Very unstable makes me want to kms. Very good loot not time for food!
,Recommended,393420,31532056,Posted: 3 May,all,☢ Neon ☢,Super fun! Just like rust but better to run and so much easier!!!
,Recommended,393420,22381759,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,*[I-C] DuckyD,A 12 year old approached me as i was chopping wood and told me he was gonna kill me becuz hes bored he hit me with his axe and then i pulled out my pistol and killed him 10/10 would murder a 12 year old again
,Recommended,393420,22285223,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Softly Buttered Toast ;),"It doesn't hold your hand, also never stop for anyone who says ""I just want to talk"" even more so if they're Australian."
76561198169862253,Recommended,393420,22438832,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TheUndeadWrench,Best. Game. Ever.Except for all the immature kids saying '♥♥♥♥ your mom' over the mic.
76561197989612543,Recommended,393420,23366268,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mr White,Great Game With frequent updates.
76561198129063162,Recommended,393420,23392358,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Cpt.Bleach,great game once you actually get in but really slow loading times on windows 10 for me.specs are as followsintel core i7 92012gb ddr3 triple channel1tb black hddasus matrix 7970 platinumif anyone knows why it takes over 5 mins too join into a map or even load the game pm me please or add me and talk too me
76561198047555649,Recommended,393420,19685905,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,[BDF] TheWarden,Liked Rust legacy? Well this is a better version of that.
76561198087420773,Recommended,393420,19558936,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,IGOTAKSTHESIZEOFFKINMINIVANS,Rust Legacy With More  Rocks 13.6/7 IGN
,Recommended,393420,19669005,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Dero,nice
,Recommended,393420,19667456,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SarcasmGaming,great game if you wanna stab people to death with a spear so this game is for everyone
76561198135747868,Not Recommended,393420,20144354,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zephania Ibrahima,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥you spend hours working out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ building system, then after I logged off my house had ""disapered"" also there is no way of building a bed so that you can respawn if you die."
,Not Recommended,393420,20141214,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jakenet,Need wood... it's all over the place.  Stone? They got that too!  FOOD?  go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.You start off starting without anything and the hit box for deer and pig's is terrible.Good luck trying to get off the gound... all i got was frustration.LOOKS - 7/10Sound - 4/10
76561197990969601,Recommended,393420,34275302,Posted: 16 August,all,MarcuZ,Hurtworld=rust=conan exile=Good Game.
,Recommended,393420,19735997,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ruthless,YES!
76561198064886574,Not Recommended,393420,30518800,Posted: 14 March,all,Toadkiller Dog,Logged in and the game is dead.. Not a single server had more then 15 people. I had previously played and noticed it seemed to be lacking players. I didn't get a chance to play this game so I guess I will be refunding it. Seems like it would have been fun if servers were populated.
76561198001935616,Recommended,393420,19623774,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ReaL,Bought game.Played 15 hours without stop.Addictive as hell.10\10 will play 15 hours without stop again.
,Not Recommended,393420,20082304,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[κρά]Kizz,Had to request refund 20min into playing as I was killed by a teleporting hacker. I refuse to waste any more money on these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rust-clones.Don't waste your time.
76561197990878608,Not Recommended,393420,19655833,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Skilla Thrilla Hero OF THE GODS,its a♥♥♥♥♥♥version of rust
,Recommended,393420,22521136,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,I quit gaming sorry boys,it good game
,Recommended,393420,22782214,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,[YT]GoGo_DaSilva,this game has a lot of potential to be an AWESOME game
,Not Recommended,393420,31052670,Posted: 9 April,all,Upmyass,"awful game.4 words to sum up up the entire game, A WASTE OF TIMEYou spend some time collecting reasources and get somewhat of a bearing on the game. You get all of the good♥♥♥♥♥♥and you say to your self, ""why the ♥♥♥♥ do I want to waste materials on making a drill or C4"". C4 is very expensive and when you get the materials for it you say ""Im not wasting this""And then you most likely die by someone5/10 great game if it had a good system of materials"
,Not Recommended,393420,25019137,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Nugget Head,Yet another open world survival game infested with the Chinese.
,Recommended,393420,22483544,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Greasy Cocaine,"It is a well rounded game,it is better than rust because it has a more cartoony version of things"
76561198132181438,Recommended,393420,22786772,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rocket Man,"Game is great to make weapons and ammunition for it is fair. The building system is awesome especially after the update to be able to make windows and custom corners, however i hate the new system in which after creating a base you must feed your totem amber else it will deauthorize its self in 3 to 5 days and someone could take over your base you invested so much time without a c4. I give it an aprroval 7 out of 10 would def. give it 8 out of 10 if they increase deauthorization time to at least a week and 10 out of 10 if they ban hackers permentantly. Not too long ago a couple of well known hackers using esp. files were banned after a email was sent to the devleopers 2 days later they were gone , love that they respond so fast!"
76561198165623848,Recommended,393420,31509402,Posted: 2 May,all,xXx ◄ GekkeBanaan #Love,Leuk spel koop en join gelijk A1M als je 250uur+ hebt
76561198193730595,Not Recommended,393420,22795911,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Grlio Legeo,This game community is toxic more then COD kids who said that they _uck your mom with there small little _ick while taking some drugs............I love it!JK
,Recommended,393420,22780809,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jnikz,"Very good game!Only con is we need more dedicated servers and a better anti cheat system.But you will have fun in this game, you will become addicted like i did, spending 16hours in a row in 1 day O_O"
76561198236404554,Recommended,393420,22427859,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Taz Virtrus.Pro,fajna gierka Polecam dużo przygód zabawy i innych dużo rzeczy polecam
,Not Recommended,393420,34635752,Posted: 31 August,all,McNugget,RUST + LAZY DEVS = HURTWORLD
,Recommended,393420,20099325,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,LIVE twitch.tv/its1965,"Do you love Rust, well this is better and god damn I've never recommended a game before but I highly recommend this one!"
,Not Recommended,393420,19645748,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Vathris,"Feels like i'm playing something someone threw togther for a game dev assessment. Not a game that should have a price tag. It's one of the worst in the genre, i dont know what these other twits are on about."
,Not Recommended,393420,28751658,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mancius,copy of Rust
76561198101479523,Not Recommended,393420,26046717,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bobbiedew,i bought this because i liked rust. but this isnt rust it is a stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game where you cant even chop down trees. so if you like rust go play rust instead of this
76561198121743389,Recommended,393420,31190604,Posted: 16 April,all,✪ One0nTheWorld,10/10 Love it ;)
,Recommended,393420,19557258,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ThugMario,101 ways to die....Death simulator12/10will die again!
,Recommended,393420,19492000,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,five,Harkens back to a time when rust was actually playable on most computers
76561198261382421,Recommended,393420,22780841,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BETS.gg csgo-derby.com,This is a very good game for everyone that likes Rust and other survival games!! I love it!!!!
,Not Recommended,393420,34873219,Posted: 10 September,all,Spherixx,"Refunded, bought Rust. Just an overpriced, uglier Rust. If you have the specs to play Rust, save 5 bucks and but it instead, otherwise, this is a decent game, just overpriced compared to whats being offerd."
,Not Recommended,393420,24768224,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,pizza man S>4 Unusuals,My chest despawned the comunity kills on sight and the lag is awfull DO NOT BUY!!!!!
,Not Recommended,393420,25877356,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PAPPY,this game is straight♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393420,25967859,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Snailiad The Almighty Cannoli,"don't ask how but i found a rifle on a dead guy with ammo>wandering round foraging>see some souped up ♥♥♥♥♥>oh ♥♥♥♥>try running away>RUN FORREST RUN>angry♥♥♥♥♥deer spots me>souped up ♥♥♥♥♥ spot angry♥♥♥♥♥deer>spot me getting chased>they kill angry♥♥♥♥♥deer>walk up to me, intimidatingly>can feel♥♥♥♥♥♥coming out i swear>they order me to give them their stuff at gunpoint>♥♥♥♥ no not my rifle>they dont know i have it>do 'up yours jimbob' taunt>give them the finger>they angrily demand items>pull out rifle>headshot one guy and he dies instantly>thats what you deserve ♥♥♥♥♥>guy doesnt react soon enough>headshot that ♥♥♥♥♥ tooi now have many gunrifle man is many gun man"
,Not Recommended,393420,20274811,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Silver,"This game is perhaps the most UNFUN survival game i have ever owned.Upon spawning my very first time I was spawn-killed by two guys with spears.My second time spawning i got 15 wood and some rocks before being blasted by FIVE people with bows.Third time? a guy who somehow managed to obtain a car on a server that was wiped two days ago runs me over then laughs in chat.fourth time, i get myself enough materials for a workbench and build one.after which, a group of 7-8 guys swarm in, kill me, and sit right by my workbench waiting for me to show up again.This game is nothing but children who KoS, i did not meet a single friendly person on any of the FOUR servers I tried. It was KoS at every turn.Even the guy with no clothes on using nothing but an axe, who was walking log to log gathering wood. I offered him some food and a fire because it was getting dark out. he proceeds to hit me twice with the axe then chase me for the next TEN MINUTES while i tried to run. when i found another group of people i asked if they could help me by removing the guy following me, instead they killed me with spears then killed him. looting both our bodies.Unless you want to play a game that is nothing but players with cars and more equipment than you do nothing but camp the noob spawn do not get this game under any circumstances."
76561198178162605,Recommended,393420,22643090,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,WeetIkNiet,this game is awesome
,Not Recommended,393420,19656798,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,BobTheSkaFish,"Its not hardcore in the least, if you die you keep your equipment, just loose ressources you collected, most things that would be a survival challenge can be avoided easily, food is easy to find, cold won't kill you if you are minimaly intelligent... skip it unless you REALLY are in need of a ""survival"" game"
76561197991009101,Not Recommended,393420,22804640,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Marv,"Don't buy, not worth $0.50 Dev's are garbo, don't expect much."
76561198004316095,Recommended,393420,19581540,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Alexander,Worth every penny
76561198020725928,Not Recommended,393420,19637167,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheeLegend,i have played this game for not very long but tbh i feel totaly riped off every server i join seems to go offline then i start again and same again and so on...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and if i could get a refund i would but after few months i think with little more work would be worth playing but atm things take too long to get started this is deffently not a 5 min game takes hours to get a foot hold enough so u can move around and explore with out having to worry about dieing from cold food ect...
,Not Recommended,393420,19659813,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Vampeal,"If you plan on playing this game solo I wouldn't even bother. Most of the players can be real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The infamy system doesn't work very well because the people killing you have advanced so damn far they can kill anyone who even gets remotely near them.  Within my first 5 minutes of actual gameplay (30 minutes just trying to get into a damn server) I died from the harsh weather. I get it, it's a hardcore Survival game, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥5 minutes? What the hell am I supposed to do in five minutes? It's hard enough to run around for 5 whole minuites without getting ganked by some asshat who has a lot of the top level♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now, if you play with friends obviously everything takes half as long or less depending upon how many people you play with, but even from that the graphics were just....bland to me. I get it, it's an Early Access but this game just had a bad taste for me."
,Recommended,393420,32724974,Posted: 24 June,all,SYLER,I dont know whats up with all of you but if i search in the server browser i get thishttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=954113158yeah the game is dead ofcReal talk time: in my opinion it is a nice game with a lot of features and fancy graphic.But who iam ? maybe u should give it a try? it is -50% atm.
,Not Recommended,393420,19643367,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Guts,"Hurtworld is like Rusts disabled cousin. I wouldn't recommend getting this game at its current price. Maybe if it was ten dollars it would be worth it, but definitely not for twenty five bucks. There just isn't much there yet, and the community was quite rude to me right off the bat. Not only were they rude but there was nothing but kos'ing going on on most servers I was on, it just wasn't very fun. Rust is a better game and its very similar. Get Rust instead."
,Not Recommended,393420,19650023,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Erebos,You're better off buying Rust.
,Not Recommended,393420,19690932,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RAILSSS,all around bad.
,Not Recommended,393420,21720674,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,intermez,This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its like rust but even worse. 1/10 would not play again.
,Not Recommended,393420,23430176,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,>OFF<,"Waste of time and money.The game randomly stops responding, no more updates... This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ copy of Rust, featuring cartoonish graphics just to not look like it was copy-paste."
,Not Recommended,393420,19798772,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,faisal al-ghalib,"don't buy this game !don't trust the postive reviws ... there r just a kids they want u to lose ur money !u can't play it with other people coz of the server or u can't even get a refund ! even if the law is with u ...it's a money grap ... ! so stay away from it !i'm hounest 100% on these things okay ! :)1- terrible support ... and comminty2- no official servers :) and if it's there it will crush all the time for me idid'n find a one at least since i bought this game ! :)3- no official server available for middle east or UE ! only for RU and US !""i contact steam support about that and they said we cant help u""4- only comminty server are available ... and their r the woese ...+ in the connection+ admins kicks+ it's wast of time to build your character on it5- hackers everywhere and the code bar r available for all people on the game it's self ! ... ! u dont need cheat engine tocheat ! just copy the code and put it on the game ! wtf ! is that ! and the developer they can't fix the problem :) even with cheat engine they still struggling ! with it ! and the codes r available all around the internet !6- u can't use the same carecter in every server u need to reset your character and start agin in every time u changed the server7- copy past from the other survival games like RUST ! ... and the proplem it's worse !8- nothing special ... on this game ! no feature nothing new ... since the game released !9- Russian r every where :l ... i'm not racistit's a money grap 100% ... stay away !"
76561198016447454,Not Recommended,393420,19674637,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jizzim,"You dont want to play this game at this point, it is one big kill on sight fest. It might have some potential in the future, but the developers really need to do something about people beeing able to kill new players on the spawn. I wouldnt recommend it to anyone at this point of the game, all the hours ive put into it where really frustrating. The only reason i kept playing this game is because i wanted it to work, sadly it didnt."
,Not Recommended,393420,30994393,Posted: 7 April,all,-=ST=- Owl,controls very flimsy and constantly crashes when try ramming two cars into eachother
,Not Recommended,393420,26078768,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,fits,Community
76561198160975539,Recommended,393420,22758622,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,jeff_m1225,Great game! Well worth the 25 bucks
,Not Recommended,393420,22752334,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Lord Empie (dikke boctor),bugs everywere
,Recommended,393420,22841290,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,gusta,"This is my first review ever actually, just to say i really like this game! i´ve been playing with a friend for a couple of days now, and we are having a lot of fun. We did not suffer from any bugs yet, we didnt find any problems other than just needing a little bit more stuffs to craft or to do etc that i believe the devs are already doing. So for the people who are giving bad reviews because of the players that kill on sight, dude wtf, i love pvp in this game, get use to it and manage yourself around the land to beat those guys who are trying to kill you, or just dont hate the game for it please. Every kind of survival game suffers from this, it is just a thing to learn how to deal with. Dont listen to the people that says this games sucks because it doesnt, its a really good game and if you play with friends is super fun. Just watch out for the bandits!"
76561198002581362,Not Recommended,393420,34694900,Posted: 2 September,all,☢NotGaben,"It was raining , i went to a nearby rock to take shelter.On a flat surface i got killed by ""fall damage"".So technicaly i got killed by an angry rock. 10/10 IGN RATED"
76561198088196919,Recommended,393420,20242875,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Drodenn,Love this game. See a video on some of the gameplay!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWJjSK4E7GQ
,Not Recommended,393420,27038357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blueberry | Gamdom.com,You need a really good pc to play :(
76561198127058209,Not Recommended,393420,23486813,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BleuNatural,This game just doesnt work for more then 90% of the people who buy it
76561197970617910,Not Recommended,393420,20944759,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Vendetta,"CORRECT DESCRIPTION:Hurtworld is a failed attempt at a hardcore multiplayer survival FPS with a lack of focus on any sort of survival progression and requires a boring mindless grindfest just to establish some basic needs. Hurtworld aims to punish anyone who actually thought these developers had any clue.Even to this day I am at a loss to explain how a game like this could be so massively FUBAR'ed this fast. How can a DEV team make a game with this much potential at release and then manage to break the balance and progression curve that badly a month later ? Then stubbornly ignore the playerbase reaction on steam and reddit, plus ignore the 60% drop in population just 2 months after release? The next patch is due soon, but what are they going to do about what they claimed were temporary nerfs that broke the game on the  last patch. Ignore it of course! Not one issue from the last messed up patch is being addressed.The last straw ..... the reason the devs put forward for the drop in population playing the game. DDOS -ing .... really??  Number one - All popular multiplayer games  usually end up dealing with hacking , ddos, etc..... Good developers acknowledge it and deal with it. This Dev team used it as a catch all excuse for every problem this game had.  I have ZERO confidence in this group of misfits and urge all to avoid this game like the plague it is.I spent as much time as I was willing in both reddit and steam forums ...but Ron White is correct. ""You can't fix STUPID"""
76561198097541689,Not Recommended,393420,29304447,Posted: 16 January,all,Ashton,boreing
76561198151867271,Not Recommended,393420,19668306,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,鬼♂畜JJ,♥♥♥♥ this gams.this games just like Rust 1.6
,Recommended,393420,19563834,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,chair,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥it already has microtransactions and day 1 dlcpay to win wtfcase openings and knives wtf wtfwtfi love it
76561198129716102,Not Recommended,393420,29510163,Posted: 26 January,all,Jorgus,I am strongly not recommend this game... I have a feeling that producent don't want to invest in to this game anymore.
,Not Recommended,393420,28703806,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,homeland1,"Feels like an alpha, unfinished and updates seem few and far between. Very few servers, no community."
,Recommended,393420,26530899,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Officer Galaxy,vgggggggggggggggggoood
,Recommended,393420,25390440,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Odahviing,10/10
,Not Recommended,393420,19671500,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Huemn,"WARNING: Play at your own risk.I played 2 hours of this game and requested a refund, here's why.The first hour of gameplay I was enjoying myself learning the game, the usual in a new survival game, met a player said hi he attacked me and I killed him no big deal. The last hour was a living nightmare I was stalked by 3 players trying to kill me with guns and I had no lootables whatsoever but they didn't care they killed me and started again once I respawned and began to taunt me in chat. Those same people also somehow amassed enough materials to build a large bridge in the sky in a decent sized area of the map and would snipe other players from it. Now before you call me a crybaby I have played DayZ and H1Z1 and love them because their was always a reason for someone to KOS me, material, weapons, vehicle, etc. But this game was advertised to have a ""bounty"" system to discourage KOS and you could build and not be killed every 5 min, no this game is team deathmatch where griefers and hackers just kill you over and over and degrade you in chat."
,Not Recommended,393420,26038710,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Brey,Eh its not that good
,Recommended,393420,25719607,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kyle,"Commited developers, and good gameplay. Early access done right"
,Not Recommended,393420,23748704,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,rux,like rust.. but.. not... and fuccin aweful.
,Not Recommended,393420,21651021,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ghost.entity™ ++ #I'mScripting,Devs abandoned this great game
,Recommended,393420,31472668,Posted: 30 April,all,Nowis,nice good game would play again.
76561198280190099,Recommended,393420,23464792,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[RABW]朱宇辉438,优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！优点？优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！优点？不存在的。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)你也可以给差评啊。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)优点？不存在的。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！优点？不存在的。那为什么给好评？因为是我的评论，我愿意啊！你也可以给差评啊。你不喜欢我这样随便啊，来啊，你打我啊。0 条留言	 订阅留言帖  (?)
,Not Recommended,393420,34125013,Posted: 9 August,all,𝓐𝓜𝓜𝓞 ASD,"классно обновы выходят, раз в два года"
76561198086979225,Not Recommended,393420,22144982,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Vladimir Flutein,Lack of freedom in the building system.Also RIP updates.
,Not Recommended,393420,24520985,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,|AE| An0th3r,"Можно, но оптимизации не хватает(( Unturned 2"
,Not Recommended,393420,26459831,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Host,"Was fun to play but... I'm now unable to play the game at all I have tried a lot of steps to fix this with no resolution, staff haven't replied to a thread I made over a month ago will change this review if I'm helped."
76561198157679278,Recommended,393420,22846440,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TKG CSGO-CASE.COM,VERY NICE GAME GOOD COMMUNITY you wont get killed fast
76561198012363814,Not Recommended,393420,21019290,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Illiaz,"As of right now I cannot reccomend this game.  The store page and FAQ are lacking in detail.  And I was suckered in by the Borderlands-esque graphics, my love of the survival genre, and the fact they called it ""Hardcore"".  When in fact, this game is Survival-lite, or Survival-decaf.  The environment is very unforgiving, yes, with how cold/hot it gets, and the hunger meter going down very fast.  But planting a few owrangs, and using just 1 inventory slot to carry a campfire with you and some sunscreen will basically negate it.  The real aspect that I was looking forward to was the PVP, and it fails to deliver so hard that it's not even funny.  The headshot mechanic is nice but the fact that death has no consequences ( when you die if you werent the instigator you dont lose your tools or clothes, just ammo and what you had collected which takes like 10 mins) UNLESS you had previously killed peopel then you lose the last tool in the toolbar, losses increasing the more peopel you have killed.  So in a ""hardcore"" survival game the game itself basically disincentivizes PVP unless you have a gang or are certain you will win, and even then there is no point since people don't lose the items you actually want to take from them.  Along with totems making areas of land invincible except 1 item that is the hardest to get in the game and takes hours to farm for to break a single wall, and since most bases are honeycombed, raiding is basically not worth it either.  So for all the e-honor whiners this is teh game for you.  PVP is worthless becasue you can't take what you want from people you best in combat, raiding is worthless so you can stop crying about ""no honor in survival games offlien raids QQ"", and no sleeper mechanics.  This game is anyting but hardcore."
76561198145434962,Not Recommended,393420,19659385,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,✪ Quock,Rubbish it wont let me connect to any servers
,Not Recommended,393420,19689120,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sheriff Ace,"what a piece of crap. Dont let the Cool screenshots or videos on the store page fool you. it takes a long time to get anything good. Not to mention the fact that a hatchet cant be used on a Tree to get wood. You heard that right. You have to find pieces of wood around, or hit a dead tree on the ground with a hatchet. Invisable hackers killed me a few times. YOu get freezing cold too fast, and even with basic clothes on you get freezing fast.♥♥♥♥♥♥game. ""Its better than rust"" YEA ♥♥♥♥ YOU DUDE>"
12312431546346141,Not Recommended,393420,19661584,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Internet,This game had potential but the whole keep your tools and weapons when you die destroys the element of survival if you die on a survival game you should be left standing with nothing.
76561198349841263,Recommended,393420,33466906,Posted: 11 July,all,Tattylegend hellcase.com,cool
,Not Recommended,393420,19707324,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Guy Fieri,"Good Gameplay but many bugs and TERRIBLE HITBOXES and when I mean bad, I mean baaaaaaaaaaad."
,Not Recommended,393420,19678625,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Zeek,"This game is just the same as old rust. The only difference is you actually die from cold and hunger. I don't really see what the point of this survival game is when the market is saturated with all the same type of games. Additionally, they don't have enough servers. I requested a refund for this game. It is not what I expected."
76561198127298350,Recommended,393420,24782764,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,D Rose,dude suh gud
76561198254306661,Not Recommended,393420,34279678,Posted: 16 August,all,Dropp,THE GAME IS DEAD!
,Not Recommended,393420,34327280,Posted: 18 August,all,inline,"Hurtworld is a poorly-made Chinese Rust knockoff:- SUPER grindy for anything past basic tools- Bad localization, most words are misspelled (Owrong instead of Orange lmao)- Low population- No updates to the game since its release 2 years ago"
76561198312271378,Not Recommended,393420,35105532,Posted: 21 September,all,Mother Noob,saai
76561197970728128,Not Recommended,393420,19719368,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,#GLOCK-23,This game has a LONG way to go
76561198059944969,Not Recommended,393420,19960366,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Don't Worry Be Ruskii,Do not but this game.Crash and low fps.the game starts but unplayable and steam didn't refund it.dont waste 20$.
76561198189369354,Not Recommended,393420,20008204,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hamlin,nope
76561197971515855,Not Recommended,393420,20575293,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,IntelJoe,Let me start with saying this game is for 16-22 year olds with too much time on their hands.It's cartoony and full of idiots.Would NOT recommend.
76561198070217174,Not Recommended,393420,32844138,Posted: 26 June,all,DE_Batable,I NEED TO EAT...
76561198081672553,Recommended,393420,33166378,Posted: 2 July,all,Valkyrie,Kind of like Rust but with cars and cartoonish characters
76561198163808611,Not Recommended,393420,24308182,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[BW|Quantum] Gambit™,"I played it a bit but to be honest it's a ♥♥♥♥♥ier cartoon version of Rust the concept is great but these developers suck at updating the game. So if you thought ""eh ill get it why not"" dont. Get Rust instead"
,Not Recommended,393420,24219081,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,[WDDS] Krago1212,Oh this game... This game when I first saw it looked great then I played it and had a blast for the first few hours. Then the game got boring the guns are so unbalanced to the point where you can only play on a server that had just wiped otherwise you would be killed by the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s camping the towns. This game is the definition of♥♥♥♥♥♥if I could refund I would.-10/10 Would uninstall never play again.
,Recommended,393420,33391302,Posted: 8 July,all,DirtyVibes,gay
76561197996182522,Not Recommended,393420,20495773,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,David6768,"Your typical, log in naked only to be spawn killed by players with automatic rifles. Nothing original or special about this game!"
76561198371919612,Recommended,393420,33448892,Posted: 10 July,all,piebob292 {war boy},it willnot let me play v2 at all wtf?!!?
,Recommended,393420,21800345,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ShAzzE,it'Z Ztooopid LIT FAM
76561198042409934,Recommended,393420,30259166,Posted: 1 March,all,CSGO-SKINS.com CSGO500,Cudo *-* <3
,Recommended,393420,19812555,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MELON{ADD NEW ACC IN BIO},█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198171844275,Not Recommended,393420,20834374,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,redwolf206,lag lag and more lag dont buy until they fix btw I have a custom computer.
,Recommended,393420,21134198,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SSD,https://www♥♥♥♥♥com/r/diamond-gameplaysyou can get games cheaper here
76561197978353809,Not Recommended,393420,21678412,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,YuluXue.ERIC,"no good AT ALL! you keep running and running and picking up stones... no instructing, no menu, no Nothing."
,Recommended,393420,22626590,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SkyKnite,k bye
76561198064479013,Recommended,393420,19687131,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,★ Splash,The best survival game ever its a good early access i have played 3 h and have see noting bugs its like full gamelove the game hope it come DLC  you cant do what to what to do its free world the weapons are great and its a hard game after 30 min you will get the game and its very VERY good when you play whit friends and its very good pirce and BUY IT NOW
76561198084610838,Recommended,393420,19688227,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Soup is good food,Great game especially for a game so early in development. I love how at times it can be difficult but rewarding and I also love the emphasis on player interaction. Keep up the good work.
76561198284432992,Recommended,393420,22725039,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,President Alligator,I've had the game for 2 hours and it won't let me play. Any options to fix this?
76561198149564454,Not Recommended,393420,19699980,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ccszvnoel1,could not get it to work never loads the servers :(
76561198263229391,Not Recommended,393420,19833818,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Davethegentlemen2,lol bad
,Not Recommended,393420,19834344,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Michael Gurren,game is aids
,Not Recommended,393420,22185523,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Corn,"When ever you die, You get your tools and gear back... This makes to game too easy and doesn't feel likes a survival game."
,Not Recommended,393420,24393993,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,big iron☆,Boring...
76561198106837721,Recommended,393420,22801242,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,5FDP,"Actually, I really like this game, but there's one little thing... After last updates I cannot join any single server. Problem is not solved since last 3 updates, I tried to re-install the game, launch it with single-threated, nothing works for me. I hope that some updates will solve this problem, but I'm afraid it won't happen at all.Great survival game, but unfortunately not playable for me now..."
76561197968606536,Recommended,393420,20394098,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,▼,"I just read some negativ reviews and most of the are written by noobs whotalk about stuff that is actually part of the core game - that works totaly fine right now.So yeah if you guys had allready some survival games and you think ""oh no not another one""just ignore this thought and get your ♥♥♥♥ing hurtworld. Its so much better than this DayZ,Rustor Arc crap. The game runs very smooth for early access. Dev's care about players + many updates +they wont run away cause EA gives them the money to keep working on this game.If you love Shooter and skill based games + Survival. Go for Hurtworld ;)"
76561198169275141,Not Recommended,393420,20134096,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jacobharveywallace1,THE GRAFICS ARE TARIBLE WANT MONY BACK!!!!!
,Not Recommended,393420,30966493,Posted: 5 April,all,VNDL_Kapper,"Literally, one of the worst survival games I've ever played.I love every survival I've ever played, and I hate this one.If that isn't enough, idk what is."
76561198119662091,Recommended,393420,33932023,Posted: 31 July,all,MrQuiin,Pros-fairly relaxed-decent progression-owrong but it feels owright-better than rustCons- A ♥♥♥♥ LOAD of koreans-rust clone
76561197995937507,Not Recommended,393420,20642274,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,GeneralSot,♥♥♥♥ing lag and stuttering on every ♥♥♥♥ing server. fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ its unplayable... what the ♥♥♥♥ are you developers doing ... drinking coffee all day?
76561198108917390,Recommended,393420,32654833,Posted: 22 June,all,smiley529,It would be much much better if it was able to have singleplayer i know how to make a thing like this but i do not know how to make a private server...:p     so i would just play this game about all year long IF IT HAD SINGLEPLAYER!!!
76561198192136034,Not Recommended,393420,23870272,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kelly Bitch,Игра не запускаеться
,Recommended,393420,25295482,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,cheater,suks♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393420,28166615,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,bo,Yep
76561198291211063,Not Recommended,393420,23760746,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✵✞ TRY ME ✞✵,PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!!I play hurtworld every day AND I LLOVE IT but the new update came out TODAY and all servers are x1 its now very hard to get stuff PLEASE FIX IT AND AS SOON AS POSSIBILE BECAUSE IAM NOT PLAYING THIS GAME UNTILL ITS FIXED!!!!!!!
76561198082767148,Not Recommended,393420,19855016,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zombeez007,I dont like this game and the reason for why 1 health System u can die very easily/fast 2 hard to get items because u keep getting spawned camped and 3 after playing for like 1 hour u start to get board of just getting spawned killed or the game in general
,Recommended,393420,23976498,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,mesa,"Was playing on a community serverPicked up a DEV BACKPACK10k hp, Never hungry, every animal in the game fears me, Yeti's are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Proceeded to never play the server again420/10 -Would not have to survive againTo be honest:This game is hardcore, to the raw bone. RUST (But its way better )"
76561198093790988,Not Recommended,393420,19739958,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,babashopper1054,Buy it if u are under 9 !
,Recommended,393420,22326290,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Rymoton25,jiiii
,Recommended,393420,22717590,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tyämies,6/5 pepperoni tastes good
76561198116557496,Not Recommended,393420,29904608,Posted: 13 February,all,Slippi,♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,393420,20594060,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,petitpied2,"wait for a tutorial at least before buyin this game, you will be so lost that its not fun at all"
,Not Recommended,393420,20467972,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nekromancer,"games like this a getting ridiculous!you must have at least 1 friend to get anywhere and survivethat friend must be someone you know in person.you die if you dont find what you need within 10 mins.....make survival realistic not this♥♥♥♥♥♥....takes days.....weeks......not minutes to starve.everyone kills you....if they dont there watching for you to stop watching them...so they can kill you....without facing you head on.tired of these garbage♥♥♥♥♥early access games getting good reviews...only one thats worth a damn is ARKonly team to make there game for console and pcget all this other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t....this game, rust, and basiclly every other early access off ♥♥♥♥in steam until its a full game..."
,Not Recommended,393420,19595483,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Daish,"--------------Updated to NOT RECOMMENDED-----------------the game has turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥the Developers decided to listen to the weaselly players who suck up non stopthat basically killed the game there is no chance of recovering once they have been infected-------------------------this game is dead-------------------Hurtworld a game that's trying to be a gameunlike failures like DayZ that tried to be ""realistic""the word ""immersive"" has ruined many games from being good ""games"""
76561198009370334,Not Recommended,393420,20568221,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bastard,awsome game but saddly its just way too ♥♥♥♥ing laggy and broken
76561198317283759,Recommended,393420,34989586,Posted: 16 September,all,菜的抠脚,00
76561198132994235,Not Recommended,393420,20161793,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jinxerz,bruh
76561198068369046,Recommended,393420,24361443,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TheUnknownCanine,fun
76561198069572422,Not Recommended,393420,26050087,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,✪ Garchømpø,naw
,Recommended,393420,22347319,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Smollik,"nice game with huge potencial, kinda different in some aspects beetween the survival games on steam like rust,ark,dayz,h1z1 etc.... at the moment the game is not well optimized , depends in what type of cpu/gpu do you have.. But... they still have an enormous race to catch rust/ark etc... the devs listen the community (its a good thing), btw normaly in survival games the devs listen all time the community thats why i still playing this genre, if you wanna try something different i can recommend you"
,Not Recommended,393420,31465193,Posted: 30 April,all,InfernoFrags,"Wow a multiplayer sandbox survival game! Haven't seen any of those before. ♥♥♥♥ off, this game is so unoriginal, bland and boring.There are random chunks of wood and other resources around the map... like that game rust!You make yourself a spear or a bow and arrow and hunt animals... Like that game rust.You make a campfire and cook the meat you got from the animal... Like that game rustThen you continue the repetitive running around and chopping down wood.Just watch this review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vjS7TNPj00He explains everything perfectly.Big fat ♥♥♥♥ing no, this game is awfull."
,Recommended,393420,19538591,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,magi,There are two things in life.1. Hurtworld2. things that prevent you from playing hurtworld
76561197961812255,Not Recommended,393420,31162920,Posted: 15 April,all,MagenZion,"Another grindfest. If you don't mind spending the first many many hours either getting ganked by higher level players OR staring at the ground picking♥♥♥♥♥♥up like a dunce, then this is for you! The survival genre just keeps repeating itself like a broken record. No direction, just aimless violence. If you just want to mindlessly kill♥♥♥♥♥♥pick up a first person shooter. Hopefully an upcoming title 'Rend' which aims to fix many of the follies of survival game devs will finally set the genre straight. :)"
,Not Recommended,393420,19623838,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Skoopy,"Not many items,players are all kill on sight, making it difficult to simply progress. weapons are 1-3 hit kill, making it so that if you're simply the first to attack or betray someone you cross, you take all their stuff.Lack of a map/map system to refind your base.only one map, not randomly generated.wildlife consists of rabbits, stumpy corgi deer, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boars.graphics are mehoptimization is awful (lag spikes, even w/ i5 6600k and GTX 970)zero soundtrack, no background music, just silence and footsteps.animals will clip onto invisible terrain edges, making them sometimes run in place which makes it easy to kill them.animal remains sometimes drop nowhere near the body, like 20 steps away.UI leaves much to desire, and can be extremely vague.system that disincentivises player-killing at low level is ineffective, almost worthless and pointless as real consequences do not exist right now.prepare to grind for countless hours if you want to maintain use of machines. This game makes FTB minecraft look like a casual endeavor.unfilterable voice chat means lots of a-holes, 10 year old kids, and generally profane players filling your speakers/headphones with garbage.2/10 good clone of whats already out there, not executed well yet. Maybe will come back in a year... if it ever gets out of Early Access.be wary of paying for this -- more money equals less incentive to finish the product for the devs.Rust, The Forest, 7 Days to Die, etc. all have a lot more to offer. Do not buy this game. Beware of the hype reviews on here."
76561198144562422,Not Recommended,393420,22784695,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CrusadingComet,"No, this game has many issues. Played a few hours of it and it has..LagTexture errorsSpawn CampersJust horrible sightsIts almost impossible to survivve because when one group gets guns. Your done. The freeze just dosen't help either.I do not recommend waste money on this cartoony peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unturned is free and its better than this game."
76561198255143833,Recommended,393420,26324698,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,{Elite}Viper,Weary good game geting beather and beather!
76561198267604144,Recommended,393420,25562718,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,✪ AliEz,best game ever you gotta play it!!!
76561198272270556,Not Recommended,393420,26267763,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SanchoFanancho,the game has a great idea to become a fun game it just isnt pulled of i played about 2 hours of gameplay and ive seen every thing i know its early acsess this is what gives me hope but  for 20 pounds common its not worth it 5 pound worth  itand if you dont have a decent pc your gunna struggle to run beast. if you like survival games i would get this but only if it was on sale i hope my opinion will change after the game is fully out but at the moment just dont youre better off getting rust hope this helped you id give it 5 out f 10
76561198194140981,Not Recommended,393420,34554792,Posted: 28 August,all,GenjiMain(im sorry),RUSSIANS...
76561197977786334,Recommended,393420,19548072,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TeknoTel,"This is a really fun game.Very similar to rust however this is in my opinion is the better title. The main reason for that is the performance is better.There are odd cases where people are reporting poor performance but I think these are few and far between and are almost certainly issues with complainants' rig.The only other complaints seem to be from people who are 12 and can't handle being killed.I mean seriously the game adds a mechanic so when you die you dont really lose a lot especially when you are a fresh spawn and people are still crybabying in the reviews about being killed in spawn. Pathetic.If you dont like dying in games to the point that you go and write a negative review for a game because an other player killed you, well then maybe multi player games where you can kill other players arent for you.There is no need for you to mislead people into thinking this game is not good because you a little cry baby ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,393420,19644091,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,LilAppleDood,I don't recommend this game right now. I feel like in time it will get better but right now it just sucks. The early game so far is ok and I like progrssion although one work bench to craft everything kinda sucks. But what really sucks is that1. Spawns in towns are broken and vehicle parts are impossibles.2. Gun play REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING sucks hip fire from acuallty 200m away with no recoil half the time aiming doesnt even work.(Basiclly if you have an m4 you win the game mowing down freshies from 1000 m away) Zero recoil dead point accuracy. M4 beats every other gun by 100000000x3. Love the infamy system but really needs to be tweaked like really someone attacks you and you kill them and gain infamy? wut?4. Raiding acually doesnt exist you can't craft c4 and damage bases5. Vehicles umm not much to say could not get one at all BECAUSE SPAWNS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING broken lolAlso after you get a bunch of gear it gets pretty boring as theres not much to do and not a lot of contentI would rate this game 4/10 it has great potenial but really sucks rn except early game is ok.I know this game is in EA btw
,Recommended,393420,22808223,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,2 Hax or not 2 hax :),I think most of the neg reviews are simply ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ its a good game.
76561198048623491,Not Recommended,393420,23283794,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dennis,no
,Not Recommended,393420,19787151,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Nigga gypsy madam zeroni,fukc
,Not Recommended,393420,30026385,Posted: 18 February,all,Potatospiderman,Died of heat stroke in snow. Definitely not worth nearly $30 dollars.
76561198147938484,Not Recommended,393420,23314967,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"Living in canada I already get enough chinese people but now I have to deal with it in a game. No thanks.On top of that the game has stupid tedious resource gathering, annoying PVE aspects and bland unoriginal landscape, so all in all the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Avoid."
,Not Recommended,393420,23395358,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,BibbyFagimus,"The problem wasn't finding a car, the problem was finding anyone who was playing this ♥♥♥♥ed game"
76561197970718513,Not Recommended,393420,20234785,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SuperCabbageThruster,"spawned looking out at sea, looked left... looked right..... all seemed fine but THEN! I turned toward a tree (thats correct! a tree!!!) and before i knew it.. my fps went from 60 to 20.I know why ofcourse. Dev's still haven't come to terms with the fact that there are other types of hardware other than nvidia and intel. I don't have the best PC, but an 8 core AMD 8350 O/Cd to 5.0ghz (water cooled) and an r9 290x should really do the trick, however the performance of this game mimmicks so many other early access-type free roam games where all the love is given to nvidia and intel.This game could be great, i wouldn't know because i immediately got a refund, but if you're running an AMD machine, and you want to run games better than WII, then this game is likely to disappoint.If you don't mind bad performance and you have an AMD machine, give it a try!"
,Not Recommended,393420,21052394,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Dynamo | Hunter,"Rust copy, not worth $20. Should cost a lot less for what you get.Edit:People dont find this review helpful, so lets just say in 20 minutes I encountered WAY too many bugs for a 20 dollar game. Lol all I saw was a bland rust copy in a desert with buggy ai and uninspired gameplay."
76561198142713088,Not Recommended,393420,29778007,Posted: 8 February,all,Sprited Away,"God dann ♥♥♥♥ing game, everytime I upgrade it then I can't connect all the community services except the ♥♥♥♥ing official services, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,393420,19701672,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Destino,"French idiots, hunting newbies EVERYWHERE. BURN IN HELL!"
76561198056822887,Not Recommended,393420,26209702,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kill Chasey,"I literally battled for a measley 1hr to see what the hype was about way-back-when and, for that whole hour, had people murdering the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me on sight for the 3 STICKS I managed to pick up, while yelling""ChYEaHH Mo' FoCcCaaA, wR0nG H0od!""Should have refunded this ages ago instead of waiting for anything ground-breaking.Toxic comunity with stuck-on-the-surface, infinitely blander minecraft feel.2/10 , tickled my balls for 10 minutes, would not bang."
76561197993997391,Not Recommended,393420,32665032,Posted: 22 June,all,War Wolf,Game sucks nothing explains how to do anything
,Not Recommended,393420,24713303,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bucaiolo,"it just sucks, a bad copy of rust legacy with weak pvp and♥♥♥♥♥♥all around the game."
,Not Recommended,393420,35005943,Posted: 16 September,all,mr.sick HIDEN IS BACK!!!!,i didnt like
,Not Recommended,393420,19640440,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Actually the Other Barry,"Server randomly gets desynced. You play 80% of the game desync'd. If you don't know what that means, it means the server is at one point, and the client is at another. This can cause rubberbanding. There isn't rubberbanding per say, but as soon as you look at the combat system you'll notice something is messed up. Hitting players while ""lagging"" or being desynced is beyond stupid. You cannot hit ever. You can only hit if they stand still for a second, which nevner happens. You can test it yourself by joining any server with a decent amount of players, play for a few minutes, then strafe back and forth and try to hit someone who has ping higher than 100 (which is most of the game.) It might seem like a small thing but the whole game is combat. You protect yourself with it, and you gain advantages with it. Hell, even the bunnies running around get desyned more than often.Game is very fun beyond this, but infuriating when you can't even fight fairly. Unplayable to an extent with this. Once it's fixed then you can think about buying it. Until then, I'd wait."
,Not Recommended,393420,19729599,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Wheatbread,"Horrible game, worst than rust. Every day for the past week i have tried to just gather and make simple clothes. do i get the chance to do that? no because everyone just kills everything. theres no peace in the game.so why play if you cant progress and just be constantly killed at the same spawn location over and over.1/5 1- for the graphics."
,Not Recommended,393420,20276250,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LowNut,This game sucks and I hate it.
,Not Recommended,393420,19740040,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dinkerbell,Game runs like poop. I can play ♥♥♥♥ing arma 3 better than this game.... i get 40-50 fps but studders like a mother trucker and his gay imbred redneck child who gets♥♥♥♥♥♥dick from his sis. 2.5/10
,Recommended,393420,19691161,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,inject some weed to the animals,I rate this game 69/10. Not as good as Minecraft but still k
76561198178029539,Not Recommended,393420,19926639,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Spork,This Game sucks freaking♥♥♥♥♥its boring
,Not Recommended,393420,22853346,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NordicApache,"Started out kinda a fun. I looked into it again and not much has changed. The community is the worst part. Whatever, just another waste of Early Access. Steam greenlight is starting to turn in to a turd conveyor."
,Not Recommended,393420,22857422,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,presjoseph,this game just takes up too much space and wont load. and when it does i instantly die because people just spawn kill you
76561198182313311,Not Recommended,393420,30181473,Posted: 25 February,all,AlexTash,its so bad i cant even build or find weapons and cars i thought that you could find them or steal them
,Not Recommended,393420,19709214,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Wizard1st,Pointless in gamecannot select spawn point when need play with friendno maps
76561198240078936,Not Recommended,393420,30951636,Posted: 4 April,all,Larry2256,DONT BUY THIS SORRY EXCUSE OF A GAME
76561198150399280,Not Recommended,393420,20531359,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ClutchLord,HORRIBLE
76561198020698441,Not Recommended,393420,29634742,Posted: 1 February,all,JamesBondage,"Been trying to get a refund since purchase. Steam says I'm over the 2 hour mark.. But you can clearly see I am directly on the 2 hour mark.. Another $25 lost on early access, I keep telling myself I'll stop buying early access games, but I never learn :("
76561197997408969,Not Recommended,393420,22768266,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Hispania Invicta,"Its nice, funny graphic , smooth gameplay.....but it doesnt have this unique essence which makes you want to play again.I played it a while, but I just dont want to keep playing.5\10"
,Recommended,393420,23366547,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Bot Władimi csgo-skins.com,nie działa na mój komputer
,Recommended,393420,19611877,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TheLoveNinja 💯,Huh. It's like.... half naked dudes and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ye.
,Not Recommended,393420,34814201,Posted: 8 September,all,TheLoneGunmen,"please get rid of bunny hops for good, then positive review."
,Not Recommended,393420,34895282,Posted: 11 September,all,Tiberious #TF2Center,♥♥♥
,Recommended,393420,23831258,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,buurman,"So my dad told me if i would be playing this game again and he would catch me he would smash my head against my keyboard. Ha, jokes on him. I'm addicted and he'll never catch me playing thifudgskbufgjkfgsj,dgbsdkghj.♥♥♥♥."
76561198206872424,Not Recommended,393420,21292205,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,lee clarke,hi
,Not Recommended,393420,24179242,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CallMeFris,I can play the game for 10 min every time and then it crashes dont buy it it trash
76561198119518778,Not Recommended,393420,21607847,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,FrenchToast,"do not buy this reson 1 the lag is real , i mean u cant move to play it u would have to use a computer not a laptop  even if setting on ow u still cant rly do anything /spoiler"
76561198071475520,Not Recommended,393420,19945046,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sloth Armstrong,The grahpics were horrible even though i have a alien ware Computer the game was just lagging out.
76561198178955349,Not Recommended,393420,20860080,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Pakkoz,I like this game but I had to refund this because there are no EU servers and players are only russians and there are lot of troll buildings. I'm going to wait for half a year and I buy the game again.P.S please do more EU servers
76561198114807819,Recommended,393420,19540340,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,yunguaca,"I played by myself for the first 10 mins. In those 10 mins I made and axe, a spear and killed a deer then ate its flesh. After eating raw meat I was captured by a group of people with bows. They made me crouch down then♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me while I froze to death10/10 would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥while freezing to death again"
76561198228129884,Recommended,393420,27520943,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,netreb  society.gg,jty976
,Recommended,393420,19689791,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Abercrombiex?,kill all memers
,Not Recommended,393420,23942439,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Errorz,"EDIT: For the record, concerning the launch issues, the devs didn't even attempt to help me after I tried asking them what my issue could be.Bought game. Launched game. Launched on the wrong monitor, then crashed to desktop. ""Fixed"" problem so it launched on the same monitor. Took 4 full minutes to launch, PC locked up that whole time. Launched in a 1366x768 window. Reset it to fullscreen, wouldn't let me change resolution. Closed game and relaunced, another 4 minutes. Launched on the wrong screen. ""Fixed"" problem again, launched game, 4 more minutes. We're up to around 20 minutes now. Game finally started, realized I couldn't play on anything but a public server. Got into a server, heard literally 6 different people say ""there is nothing to do in this game"", closed the game. Took another 2 minutes for it to close.I get that this is an Early Access game, but come on. If you're going to release an early build of the game, maybe make sure it can actually LAUNCH correctly.Glad it came with Slime Rancher though, that game is the bee's knees."
76561198094564733,Recommended,393420,33440358,Posted: 10 July,all,charlie1129,can you use the steam controller to play this?
,Not Recommended,393420,21786893,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Nigga Dicey,"This game crash,crash,crash and crash! have too many bugs for a early access make it unplayable for solo player"
76561198291033995,Recommended,393420,24118841,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[mango]pieter,i cant join a server i lost than the conection pleas help me
76561198124323009,Recommended,393420,25834046,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LJ,Update?
,Not Recommended,393420,19723769,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Beercules,"Runs kinda smooth but it's just another build simulator.Environmental dmg is crazy, if you spawn at night, you will probably die b4 finding enough logs to make a dumb camp fire. If you do manage to make a camp fire, some d1ck will come around and kill u. You will lose everything but tools, oh and you spawn basically in the same spot where you died -- very dumb.This is another useless alpha that will most likely stay alpha forever."
76561198161413349,Not Recommended,393420,22985866,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Talaras,You will never truly know the meaning of rage until you spend $25 on rust I MEAN australian outback KOS hacker community simulator where you die of hypothermia in the middle of day in the desert while in shorts.10/10 would freeze to death in 97 degree heat again
76561198163869280,Not Recommended,393420,29129287,Posted: 8 January,all,Horsey Horsington,No
,Not Recommended,393420,31753927,Posted: 14 May,all,@Brians.Isbil69,This game sucks!
,Recommended,393420,19656283,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,S4M0Z3,My friend is a ♥♥♥♥♥ and wont buy this even though its so good so pls can somone buy it for him his name is CollinTheCatterpillar
,Not Recommended,393420,20924521,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Cerden,"Watch system requirements, tried everything can't get any playable framerates, it's a slideshow for me."
76561198055303231,Recommended,393420,22140084,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,lolman,hurtworld░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Graczyk ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198022771160,Not Recommended,393420,21271688,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dobriak,"Игра конечно интересная, веселая, НО! Есть большое количество читеров, которые портят всю игру! Ты строишь дом, добываешь, а в итоге, приходят пару читаков, сквозь стены проникают в твой дом, и ты гол как сокол! За игру однозначно плюс, а вот за присутствие читеров, даже на официальном сервере большой минус."
76561198389233838,Recommended,393420,32718395,Posted: 24 June,all,[YT]Lord[OF]Games,"Adorei O Jogo, Rodou muito bem no meu pc fraco, Porem Voces podiam colocar servers Brasileiros, Porque em servers estrangeiros o ping é extremamente alto."
,Recommended,393420,32274760,Posted: 8 June,all,Grape,Hurt world is blooming and inshallah going to succeed due to iremv2 I bought the game to support the debs hopefully it blooms
76561198271671471,Recommended,393420,32269559,Posted: 8 June,all,✪ZURVIVOR✪,yes good game
,Recommended,393420,34981163,Posted: 15 September,all,Naruto.exe,best game :D
,Recommended,393420,30318507,Posted: 4 March,all,Fire Level One,10/10
,Not Recommended,393420,20610203,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Fee Cosmo,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,393420,21039271,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JuicyR,Refunded the game for Grand Theft Auto Online shark cards.
,Recommended,393420,35169837,Posted: 23 September,all,MightyPig55,ok game if ur dumb
,Not Recommended,393420,19669510,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Flembro,+ development is further along that rust-Hackers-Lack switching♥♥♥♥♥♥combat.
,Recommended,393420,26226963,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Burky,Rust with minecraft graphics same fps in both games tho.
,Not Recommended,393420,34285507,Posted: 16 August,all,Ethan2367,"Doesn't work, this game is dead anyway. EDIT: Ok, the game finally updated and it starts and looks great, but 20 seconds in it freezes and I have to Ctrl + Alt + Del and an go to Task Manger and End Task to close it."
,Recommended,393420,35255326,Posted: 27 September,all,Nobledroid Gaming Stream,"The game is fun and has potential, need more content.watch the game stream on my channelhttp://youtube.com/c/nobledroidgamingstreamorhttps://nobledroidgaming.com"
,Recommended,393420,20763384,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Pabs,I rate hurtworld a 5/7
,Not Recommended,393420,31159788,Posted: 15 April,all,SpudButter,"Ehh, plenty of better survival games out there."
,Not Recommended,393420,22809110,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ShArPeR ScArF,The worst rust type game. Its lags alot. No singleplayer or co-op. First time bought the game i cant even join a single server. Dont buy it!
76561198082862818,Recommended,393420,19577931,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TNS Piccolo,Postive review.
,Recommended,393420,19588657,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fallen Knight,"German guy approaches me and offers to be friends, he tells me he has a house near by. I went to his house he helps me with some clothes and food, he tells me I can live here 10 mins later I walk out his home and he chases me with a pick axe so I legged it. he says sorry and says I am a nice guy. 10/10 would legg it again."
,Not Recommended,393420,22783866,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,JubJub #Netneutrality,Run worse than my grandma
,Recommended,393420,22953299,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,CeeToTheZee [GBNST] #newpc,Entered Chinese server (I'm Chinese)Spawned right next to a person with full loadoutOh I get to flip people off of courseFlipped the dude offDude stabbed me to death with a spear10/10 will use middle finger again
,Not Recommended,393420,30313438,Posted: 4 March,all,lithium,No
76561198015360506,Not Recommended,393420,19634459,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,☣,Needs harsher punishments for killing players.and guns need to be a LOT harder to get.Everyone i met who only had a spear were friendly.Everyone who had a gun was a massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.It's like rust 1.5.
,Not Recommended,393420,20411553,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,heath,refund worked
,Not Recommended,393420,19623122,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Survivalist07,copy of rust...it is still a good game but it is not original idea.thaat is why i dont recommend.
,Not Recommended,393420,22783624,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,zDea†h ♦,"Questo gioco inizialmente, prometteva tanto..Dopo averci giocato circa 40 minuti, mi sono reso conto che mi sbagliavo!!Pochi server, e quei pochi laggano.Tutti che killano i fresh spawn con le macchine, e questo ci può stare una due ma alla terza volta ti rompi le palle.Come potenziale ci siamo, ne ha molto ma alla fine tutto si perde o per una cosa o per un'altra..Inutile stare a dilungarmi quando già ci sono altre persone ad aver ben espresso cosa offre questo gioco al momento.Che dire.. se secondo me vale la pena di acquistarlo???Al momento un sicurissimo NO!"
,Recommended,393420,30005719,Posted: 18 February,all,CancoZ,.
76561198317460290,Not Recommended,393420,31256380,Posted: 20 April,all,Tiesto,一时冲动买的，结果玩了一下一点意思都没有， 过气游戏 。
,Not Recommended,393420,24602564,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Prophet,Exceptionally bad. Enough said.
76561198276913504,Not Recommended,393420,29049718,Posted: 5 January,all,nicholaspizza!!!,i wish they would make an easeir way to make servers
76561198168689417,Not Recommended,393420,25950645,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Greatmate8,THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU WILL REGRET IF YOU BUY
76561198132001039,Recommended,393420,32856228,Posted: 27 June,all,Skrrentei,very fine buy now
,Not Recommended,393420,19718794,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,pixelgalaxy,It causes too much lag when I try to join a server that is in the U.S. Also theres a crap ton of lag (computer wise) even though I have a computer that uses the recommended RAM for this game.0/1 buy rust k thanks
,Not Recommended,393420,24528933,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Monkey King,I wouldnt recommend it
76561198262620943,Not Recommended,393420,24301531,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,manafree,Super slow if you have a average computer
76561198015078215,Not Recommended,393420,23267407,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,BicBouLoo,This game seemed fun for the first couple hundred hours. But then it just became the same boring thing over and over and over agian. Its a rust wannabee and the developers are scammers.
76561198277434480,Not Recommended,393420,29411461,Posted: 21 January,all,huntorhunted,It doesn't load on my screen and i'm using a msi gaming laptop
76561198056727611,Not Recommended,393420,21878866,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gamerlife70,One of the worst games I have ever played no building damage except with C4..... Was playing and anyone can just build around you and block you in... this game has no feeling for gaming just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s grounping up to hack and take the time you spent on just one base not even a 2x2 and someone thats bigger comes along and wipes you even if you don't have anything. There needs to be building damage of some kind not just with C4 makes the game too unfair.... yes it's called hurtworld but come on you can build a game but can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about real PvP. Simple start building a base and then figure out one's the stronggest ans stay away.... at least Rust has better game play than this. Making this list now for what this game needs Building damage and bigger map too ♥♥♥♥ing too small. I don't care if this is useful or not this has to be said. If you want to change my mind then do better. High FPS doesn't mean a better game...
76561198125204367,Not Recommended,393420,35162241,Posted: 23 September,all,GORILLA,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,393420,34447332,Posted: 23 August,all,Aidan,"So i got on this game, built a small base and stuff, went to farm some stuff to get weapons and was immediatley killed 3 times by a russian with a gun even though i only had basic gear10/10 would russian again"
,Recommended,393420,22786045,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Supa Hot Fiyah,"Personally, I had a very low framerate, but the game has great potential."
76561198247737914,Not Recommended,393420,21110691,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Unityoung,i would like to return this game i dont know how any ideas
,Recommended,393420,24412769,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Trybek,:D
,Not Recommended,393420,31769179,Posted: 15 May,all,KianMcfly,lil ark rip off and it isn't fun.... Performace is alsoo bad
76561198206303820,Not Recommended,393420,20516625,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Avi,refunded this game to buy gta 5 when it was on salebest idea I ever had
,Not Recommended,393420,29364429,Posted: 19 January,all,Dynamex,"After have this game for over 1.5 years and after 3 hours of playing i didnt like the game, so i came back 1.5 years later and played another hour and nothing has really changed. The game might be worth like 10 dollars, im either toooo hot or toooo cold no in between, the map is to big and im sick of being tooo hot or tooo cold. Maybe in 3 more years itll change."
,Not Recommended,393420,19741164,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,LkY,poo
76561198076525800,Not Recommended,393420,21080643,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sirlepepe,gem is 2 herd
76561198180758881,Not Recommended,393420,21792990,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Madara Uchiha,EVERYTIME I FRIKIN LAUNCH IT IT CRASHES AND MY LAPTOP IS PRETTY GOOD. AND WHEN THE 10/100 % IT WORKS I CANT JOIN A GOD DANG SERVER.THANK YOU FOR STEALING MY MONEY...DIDNT EVEN GET TO PLAY THE GAME BECAUSE OF THIS RIPOFF   >:(
,Not Recommended,393420,20277193,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MonsterBro,???
,Not Recommended,393420,24228857,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NEPKO,- Fast nudna
76561198307888246,Recommended,393420,32676401,Posted: 23 June,all,Kolekcjonuję swierzaki,Fajna gra polecam
,Not Recommended,393420,24224528,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Spike,"Log onLook aroundFriend: ""Yo a car!""Me: ""Ayee we found one!""Friend: ""No..CAR!""*Tires Screech*Hear 4 shotsDead."
76561198084299102,Not Recommended,393420,30473868,Posted: 12 March,all,† Techno †,"the ♥♥♥♥♥iest rust copy, cancerous ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game. DONT BUY, BUY RUST INSTEAD IT'S A BILLION TIMES BETTER!!!!!!!"
76561198043668687,Not Recommended,393420,23121276,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Toro,"Very Misleading, unless you want to go through trouble of finding a server to learn how to play since there isnt a tutorial, don't buy this game. There isn't a single player mode, you have to connect to servers with preset rules. I spent 30 minutes trying to find a server to let me build so I could just set up and learn how this game works. Nope. You have to spawn and figure everything out before you freeze to death, which is about 5-10 minutes. Don't buy this game, it's a massive waste of money and time."
76561198215875776,Recommended,393420,30739537,Posted: 25 March,all,JimmyS  csgoroll.com,yolo
76561198056030823,Not Recommended,393420,20154136,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vodka Molester,EasyAntiCheat won't even let me enter the game. 0/10
,Recommended,393420,21099374,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,The HopelessGamer™,Seems good. Ok fps.Lots of settings.Good fun.Lots of dsync and server lagg.Ingame chat is laggy.Good fun.Rust rip off almost.
76561198075598862,Recommended,393420,23316011,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,iD7MEYx,Amazing Game
76561198139717269,Recommended,393420,23398192,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Nielsje21,Nice game!
,Not Recommended,393420,34336299,Posted: 18 August,all,nationalmango1,was good but is is now dead
76561198080567560,Not Recommended,393420,29220790,Posted: 13 January,all,SNAKE,only 1 word needed. DEAD
76561198046933180,Recommended,393420,19576763,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,FredDy,soooooooooooooooooooooooo good
76561197975607445,Not Recommended,393420,26574956,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Roloke,Thumbs downing because this game has the ability to not let you join a server because you have a private profile and thats stupid
,Not Recommended,393420,19610353,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Thor,This game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's a terrible rust ripoff at best.
,Not Recommended,393420,22795252,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DigitalSuicide,bokum gibi
,Not Recommended,393420,22820966,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jimi Changa,this game sucks balls
,Recommended,393420,22810143,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Alucard,Good game for players. The best of the best.
,Not Recommended,393420,19610450,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,LINUS [YAF],"It's ok if you are taking a break from Rust from update to update. For example I haven't been playing Rust due to lack of Optimizations but still great that tey are coming out with content and a lot of fixes. Now since they are working now solely on optimization most of them I think it's time to get back onto Rust since it delivers really ♥♥♥♥eed up people, great graphics, awesome mining resources, great Ideas for next year since they finally got full unity support and etc. Hurtwolrd graphics are ok, nothing great really, seems to cartoonish to take it seriosuly. Empty worlf but awesome player stat features such as how hunger gets affected in different conditions.HP sucks how its regenerated. Farming and tools really just dull. Even if they add a lot more items and content the base features or the core idea can't really be fixed. not like they are going to improve the graphics. Eh its ok to pass time with friends. No i didnt get raided or get killed. I actually had the infamy level so even then was still boring."
,Not Recommended,393420,34341264,Posted: 18 August,all,Deceasedpixel,"Don't. Buy. It.Hurtworld is an abandoned Steam Greenlight game, don't even waste your time. It was fun for the first ten minutes before I realized that I purchased a Rust clone.If you buy it, you will 100% regret it."
76561198215514620,Recommended,393420,23411234,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,HillStorm,It's the most beautiful game in the world
76561198024229419,Recommended,393420,19542540,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Times Change,.
,Not Recommended,393420,19863323,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lollibirdy,If i wanted to listen to someone complain about being cold and hungry id talk to my girlfriend.0/10
,Not Recommended,393420,19722512,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,rat lord,sees a 100000 bricked bridge5 fps is greatleaves gamerefunds game
76561198148514790,Not Recommended,393420,23778299,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,3D 2D,this game is bad. but i liked it for the 2 minetes i played it and cameran micher likes men
76561198125055029,Not Recommended,393420,19645977,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,www.twitch.tv/sawinc24,"horrible, literally log in, freeze to death for hours.  or burn to death.   game should be renamed to ""life on mars"""
,Not Recommended,393420,19624234,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Data_Strand,"If you like being griefed, murdered constantly over and over, failing to meet up with your friends due to countless encounters with ""friendlies"" then this is your game. The community soils the experience just like they did with Rust. In fact this game is just like Rust, same experience and pretty much the same playerbase. Performance is great for being in an alpha state, visuals are on point and the art direction hits home due to the TF2 style. I don't think I am buying another survival online game for a very long time."
76561197963682238,Not Recommended,393420,24654851,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,JStilly,Game is stupid ... RUST copy gone horribly wrong
,Not Recommended,393420,24125243,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ISIS KID,Didn't start up on my computer
,Recommended,393420,23489905,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mung Daal,"1.Got into Hurtworld with two friends.2.Got resources.3.Attacked by two people with bows.4.Got away.5.Hunted Orawngs and deers with spears.6.collected resources to build a house.7.Built a house without a roof.8.Went into snow biome and Forest biome to hunt sasqautches and yetis.9.came back with titranium, pelts, animal fat, arctic pelts, and one shotgun bullet.10.My two freinds left me alone to defend the house while they went to get supplies.11.Crafted two rifles, two pistols, and a shotgun with ammo for all.12.diciding to make myself a grey sweater or ushanka.13.Hear wierd noises14.SEE TWO PEOPLE WITH RED SHIRTS AND SOMBREROS CLIMBING OVER INTO MY HOUSE WITH SHOTGUNS.14.GETS SHOTGUNNED IN THE FACE WHILE YELLING IN THE MIC FOR MY FREINDS TO GET HERE.15.DIE16.THEY DESTROY OUR SPAWN17.WE GET IN THE HOUSE AFTER KILLING THEM BUT THEY SPAWN AND CLIMB OVER THE WALL AGAIN AND KILL ALL THREE OF US.18.We come back and try to open our door but they have set it as theirs.19.We find some people and ask them if they can help us get our house back (Now We Are 5).20.We come back to see that there are 4 Red shirt sombrero wearing people there now.21.Me and my two freinds turn back only to see the other two we recruited get their heads blasted in by rifles.22.They start chasing us.23.My other freind falls down dead from a rifle bullet.24.Me and my last freind alive hide behind another persons house.25.One of them comes around the House with a fully automatic rifle and mows us down.26.We Die27.All of us rage quit28.Me and friends go to play L4D2.10/10 IGN would rage quit again"
76561198248145374,Not Recommended,393420,20515525,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Chase,"i liked the game at first, now the wipes are making me waste time, go  setup a base,  get a car and a gun, suddenly its time for wipe and start over again. Fun... not.."
76561198113379979,Not Recommended,393420,19681697,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Pa'u,Offical servers always full can never get on one.Until i can it'll get a thumbs down from me.
76561198190403859,Not Recommended,393420,27518744,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,: ^ ^2👌Hary1611,this ♥♥♥♥ing game randomly dispary from your inventory
76561198251699774,Not Recommended,393420,20583971,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,KillerFeces,"now the game suck is realy bed you can't build enything even tnt and tnt is doen't help you at all now the big rocks only give you a iron,stone,coal and amber anly usless staff that not good for servival the update suck"
76561198153097113,Not Recommended,393420,23036076,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,IchBinHappyWeil,"I really don't know what I should say...This game is... it is... IT IS TOTALLY BORING... and... if you want to waste you lifetime... there you go!This game should cost 5$ or soething but i just wasted money. Everyone is offending, you waste 1 hour to run to your house and then you get headshooted with a STONE and you are DEAD. Nice balancing btw... Don't buy this game. Just don't do it."
,Not Recommended,393420,23665776,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,123,It's not that good of a game for it then refused to play it and refunded it
,Not Recommended,393420,23125781,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Achilles,i had all the recommended settings and still only got around 20 fps with everything on low
76561198254362743,Not Recommended,393420,19645204,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Sysmic Reaver,I at least dont recommended it on intel hd family cause its way too laggy at not smooth otherwise it would be a playable experience
76561198255167792,Not Recommended,393420,31208424,Posted: 17 April,all,Decent Pussy Csgogem.com,Terrible
,Not Recommended,393420,34731146,Posted: 4 September,all,ColumnarColt,Oyunda Çok Büyük Eksiklikler Var1 oyunda loot yapacak yer az2 oyunda insan yüzü görmek zor3 tr serveri yok pinginiz 100 150 arası
,Recommended,393420,21246888,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GoodGuyVargVikernes,"-Found a player-Tried to kill me-I shouted ""I KILL YOU"" like Achmed-Guy started running9/11 will shout ""I KILL YOU"" Again"
,Not Recommended,393420,22797008,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Keirrstrider,This game is dumb
,Not Recommended,393420,23689781,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Rowley Jefferson,play rust instead
76561198096245425,Not Recommended,393420,30396003,Posted: 8 March,all,AMERICAN CHEESE,This games sucks my asss
,Not Recommended,393420,19664255,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,WAN,Hurtworld proved to me that Steam really did do a great job with their refund policy. I refunded the game shorty after I purchased when I realised it was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rust knock off. I started the refund process and within a hour I got an email saying I will be refunded. I received my refund almost immediately without any hassle.Gotta give it to steam on this one-2015 Refund Policy 10/10
,Not Recommended,393420,34831741,Posted: 9 September,all,BadgyBadger,I tried my best.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░░░▀░░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄   Hurtworld   ▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,393420,34460683,Posted: 24 August,all,SpookyDiaboliC,bad
76561198134373417,Recommended,393420,19579067,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Darkzey★,"Masterpeice! Highly recommend this game, deffinatley worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,393420,19806182,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Riba,"2 fps drops with a R9 280x and a fx8350 and 8gb ram, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,393420,25564426,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,★MasterSalt★ hellcase.com,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,393420,19511663,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,fagoot,"It is a great game, however, I don't reccomend it in it's current state. It's extreme lack of content makes the game very boring. You will get a maximum of about 12 hours of content out of this game before realizing that you have nothing left to do"
,Recommended,393420,26612591,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Floki,I LOVE THIS GAME MAN THE BEST THING IS THAT THERE IS A BOAR BUG SO I FOUND THAT BUG REALLY HELPFULL TO RAID BASES WITHOUT ROOF OR SOME GAPS OPEN TRY OUT THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,393420,31964854,Posted: 25 May,all,oOB3rgaOo,My ping was too high to be able to play on the server where my friends are gaming.  So i was basically kicked out every 5 minutes from the server. i'm from canada. Server is in USA. But Steam allowed a refund fortunatly. I 've tried the game 2 hours only.
,Not Recommended,393420,19630676,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Garl,"I like the graphics and physics of this game. This game is pretty well made. But there are too many difficulties that are not forgivable. Some would like the thrill engaging others and fight for lives,  earning stuff from deads. But some would hate it. The game is apsolutely with the previous kind and won't do anything for the other. The developer must see people kill each other to meet their ends. The mercy is on the players only. This means if you get bullied there's no progress.Servers you've been disappear none notifed. You made a cozy house and tomorrow the whole world is gone you have to do everything all over again.  In popular surver, noobs cannot survive. Early commers have taken everthing and still gathering so nothing is left. Even drop items that are imperatively necessary in early phase of the game is too rare to get. You don't even get anything from the beginning there is absolutely nothing you can do except searching flint for 30 minutes and die hungry or freezed to death.There are many other uncomfotable problems but this is the main issue. These probelms make the game impossible to play unless you waste your life away in it. Playing other quick progressing games will be much more meaningfull than what this game must take from me. I sincerely want refund but I know that steam it self won't provide such thing by excuses of early access games. So... pitty for my self."
76561198148448765,Not Recommended,393420,23639509,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mr.Bandito,"♥♥♥♥ this garbage, the end."
76561198125342369,Recommended,393420,23376028,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Husholdningssaft,Great game!-Spawning in-Gathering resuorces- Getting slayed by some op dudes-repeat11/10 would get slayed again
,Not Recommended,393420,30061528,Posted: 20 February,all,Logi,such a barebones and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game.. 1/10
76561198062929985,Not Recommended,393420,24745506,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,NOWAY1337,piece of elephant♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393420,22578536,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,pweazii,"As an Australian, I find this game is 95% realistic, Being chased by men with terrible looking mullets while waving spears at me is my sunday workout. ""Wait 95%? whats up?"" Well to be honest, This game doesnt have enough kangAroos for me to feel at homeB)"
76561198149809753,Not Recommended,393420,26698001,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Rey,Boring copy of Rust. If you want to play a good survival game - get RUST instead.
,Recommended,393420,19499500,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,lil gay,im a gay man
76561198147666843,Not Recommended,393420,22781781,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Squat Like Boris,Worlds Laggiest game ever
76561197971655121,Not Recommended,393420,19592521,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Frobozz,So the game goes like this. Collect resources for half and hour and someone who has been playing a while fires 1 shot and kills you. you start over. Rinse and Repeat.
,Not Recommended,393420,28968437,Posted: 2 January,all,joshFiN,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
76561198120753613,Not Recommended,393420,26594947,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Finch,"Not optimized at all, the requirements are lies. My pc surpasses the recommended requirements and I got maybe 4 fps. Game needs some serious optimization because right now it's entirely total♥♥♥♥♥♥ I refunded instantly, and my friend did too. Good luck if you waste your money on this pile of garbage."
,Not Recommended,393420,22770904,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Premium Mouse | Gamdom.com,Can't run on my mac. Was a bummer. :( Wanted to play it more than I did... :(
,Not Recommended,393420,22818240,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,lancer,not so good i didnt like it i did not get it and its grapics were not the best not much to do and its like rust but not as good the grapics are better in rust and the gameplay is better and more stuff to do in rust
,Recommended,393420,20015721,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,willracer4,"Hurtworld is one of the worst games in history. I'm not kidding. Wait, I am. Hurtworld is great! So many great moments. So little time put in! Here's a few:1. just wandering around to find resources, when I get to some random guy's base. he has a rifle or somthing. so he shoots me with it, but I survive. I run around a hill or whatever, and he comes back. in the voicechat, he goes ""heey!"" and then kills me.2. I'm trying to get a bow. I'm getting close to enough resources to make one. then some guy kills me. (I don't remember how.) I GOT SOOOOO P*****!3. I hear some guy shooting arrows at me. I hide with a spear behind a small hill for him to walk up. Instead of coming in front of me, he comes like 10 feet to the left. the two of us get into an intense spear fight. near the end, a big fps lag spike occurs and he slaughters me. know what happened? read the end of 2.9/10 would get slaughtered and p***** again"
76561198024447968,Not Recommended,393420,26351391,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,AC£,Not worth the money you give.It had to be free.
,Not Recommended,393420,19535102,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,twitchtv/Hey_Soda,"For now Im going to say dont' buy this and I will tell you why.No different from any other survival type game and as one person mentions it's a survive from other players killing you at spawn then it is anything else.  I understand most survival games are like this and I am okay with the fact other players will kill you, with this only being the short time it has it's horrible spawn kill one after another.  If you are lucky to get materials to even do anything, you will be killed by a guy who has no life over and over.You can watch my stream highlights on this, streamed like 6 hours, probably 20+ deaths from players just being a-holes. I thought the infamy might stop kids from doing this but it doesn't.  When I finally got to what I thought could be a safe place, smashed up in the cliffs and started to get stuff built, bam guy camps me kills me 3 times and my spot was useless.  You see in chat on every server at least 3-5 guys killing guys that just spawned, you won't enjoy this and it will frustrate you.If you have some buddies to play with this might help, but probably not."
76561198006642638,Not Recommended,393420,19578450,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Commander Greyscale,"This game is not as advertised, people do not have any friendly interactions with eachother. You're thrown into a world and in my experience is kill or be killed. Then be killed over and over by spawn campers. In its current from it offers nothing new to the genre and is not a fun social experience. I woulden't reccomend it.You're killed for no reason no gain, people have nothing to gain by killing you most of the time, they do it for no other reason then to ruin your experience."
,Not Recommended,393420,19679335,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,I'll Pay U $100 to Fuck Off,Just get rust...
76561198031042346,Not Recommended,393420,19595347,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,bignick,"Kill on site Fest, its hard to do anything while running for you life from people who want to kill you. It pushes the toxic nature you see in many other survival games but its just not as fun. It might be barable if you could get away from the gankers and find some content or action that wasn't so slow."
,Not Recommended,393420,25465119,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Baegeal,Didn't run very well but it was like most every other survival game :P
,Not Recommended,393420,19658580,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Srjackie,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........\.............. _.·´............\..............(The devs can suck my left nut"
76561198128046292,Not Recommended,393420,25435112,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,FatCatParadise,eh
,Not Recommended,393420,23623099,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,vq.100blunts,sux
76561198107628329,Not Recommended,393420,34433429,Posted: 23 August,all,把你脑瓜子干扁,——————/´﻿ ¯/)—————--/—-/—————-/—-/———--/´¯/'--'/´¯`·_———-/'/--/—-/—--/¨¯\——--('(———- ¯~/'--')———\————-'—--/———-'\'————_-·´————\———--(————-\———--
,Recommended,393420,33050373,Posted: 30 June,all,Shoyo,Nia^^is very good . _.
76561198082366348,Not Recommended,393420,19602382,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,MR_DUCK,i dont recomend this game yet you die 24/7 by the cold you cant go out even whith clothes its very dum i hate it becuse the cold
,Recommended,393420,24810790,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Viktisen1 CivilGamers.com,Step 1: Buy game that looks cool.Step 2: Play it and see ur computer can't handle it.Step 3: Refund it.Step 4: PROFIT?!?!?UPDATE: I can now run this game at 50fps and its foking great m8 ♥♥♥♥ing buy it already.
,Not Recommended,393420,19593953,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,JuicyDog,"Good potential here, but has all of the early access bugs / unpolish/ awkward animations/ and stutters that make it a better play later than now."
,Not Recommended,393420,19594209,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Wreckit,"This game uses old concepts like rust or ark survival, releases it with small tweaks, adds automobiles which does not improve game play.just another alpha game you need to grind and repeat, with no new exciting ideas."
,Not Recommended,393420,19586731,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,peterpants,It's decent but forgettable.
76561198263333094,Not Recommended,393420,25901669,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,shuby duby zubi✡✡{@AK-69},not cool this is bad game
,Not Recommended,393420,25386543,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Megatron Tutti,No point of buying this hardcore♥♥♥♥♥♥its too hard
,Not Recommended,393420,34450979,Posted: 23 August,all,Slightly Unusual Penguin,One of the worst games i have ever played. wish i could get a god damn refund
,Recommended,393420,22788642,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,sologoy,good game. but it is not suitable for me.
,Not Recommended,393420,19539211,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,charlesberg,"I don't know how you all do it, my computer; which is well above the recommended specs, struggles to play this little piece.I do not recommend this game because for me, it's unplayable.I have 1.6 hours yes, 1.6 hours of pure frustation trying to look passed the fact the game is pure crap to give the whole ""early access"" stuff a go.Thanks to this game i'm going to be more cautious when it comes to the purchase in early access games, I owe you that.- I do not recommend buying this game because a lot of the content is buggy, arrows flying random directions, not hitting, no contact, etc."
,Recommended,393420,25832578,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Gooper,its good :I
76561198179414233,Recommended,393420,22817778,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Alien,gyjgyj
,Not Recommended,393420,23373764,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,JINX||Llama,I DOESNT WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!! ITS SO LAGGY I CRASH EVERY 5 MINUTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198124360238,Not Recommended,393420,29168475,Posted: 10 January,all,TinyRickHaHaYEAH,sucks
11223344556677889,Not Recommended,393420,32184621,Posted: 4 June,all,【CBR】youtube.com/Gadgetak9,I don't really like the art style
,Not Recommended,393420,19653215,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Super Mario,"Pretty terrible, nothing more to say."
76561198062219481,Not Recommended,393420,19611240,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,I love anime dude,pritty stink ay
,Not Recommended,393420,19665509,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Brettwardo,Complete ♥♥♥♥ing trash the devs should off themselves
76561198193944131,Not Recommended,393420,26079982,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tesco's Mix Tape,Don't just don't get it please there is a reason YouTubers don't play it
76561198144259820,Not Recommended,393420,31579870,Posted: 6 May,all,THOTSlayer69,Rust meets TF2
76561198098439952,Recommended,393420,22792463,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,HoopNani,Rly nice game and i recommend this but it is true that not many servers are full but i like more servers where is 2-6 players so its rly nice and fun game for me :D
76561198045975254,Not Recommended,393420,19574450,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,monkyboom,super sick of games u gotta make a server for to play single player
,Not Recommended,393420,19557940,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Int3nseGrind,"I'll first start off by saying the only other survival game I played was Rust Experimental (New 2015 Rust). I do not get the same intensity as when I play Rust. Starting off with absolutely nothing in Hurtworld, than slowly crafting a hatchet, pickaxe, bow, but keeping all my tools and weapons when dying gives the user a tottally different experience. The bad I have found about this game is hard to find starter stuff such as flint and respawning with tools. The respawn starting place is wayyyy to small (a long patch of empty desert) you can walk in one or the other direction and find your friends. Crafting menu needs alot of work. Basically a early access sh*tter.Finally, if you want a babied version of a survival game, than play Hurtworld. If you want real intensity with real immersion, than play Rust."
,Not Recommended,393420,25083218,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,lil mop,bad
,Not Recommended,393420,19536629,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,memer yes,From Hurtworld to Chinaworld in one week.
,Not Recommended,393420,19564077,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,KenXav,"game lacks contend will change my review after 2 weeks, if dev delivers"
,Not Recommended,393420,19558371,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Marcus,Really?  I really died from heatstroke from standing next to the fire i was cooking on? 0/10
,Not Recommended,393420,19570640,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Shootter87,"Collect resources to survive and then meet your end by another player, same as all the other survival games."
76561198178360654,Not Recommended,393420,28167822,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,lol_miles,Doesn't support controller users
,Not Recommended,393420,24814211,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,LaBiFf,ABSOLUTLY TERRIBLE DONT BUY IT IT SUCKS....NO POINT NO STORY ITS PLAIN AWFUL
76561198060314407,Not Recommended,393420,34572384,Posted: 29 August,all,Ӆᶓᵮᶏᶉᶖơцʂ~}God{~,THE PEOPLE WHO MADE THIS WILL BURN IN HELL OMG GARBO GAME NEEDS TO BE REMOVED FROM STEAM
,Not Recommended,393420,28718672,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yung Nuice,gay
,Not Recommended,393420,19574893,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Britbong,Boring.
,Not Recommended,393420,30019971,Posted: 18 February,all,Aces Nomad,i dont get it
,Not Recommended,393420,19575912,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,FloomingGonzo,its boring with noting to do but thats early access so give it time i can see it being great but as of now i would deffo give it a miss
,Recommended,393420,20069483,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,xXx ◄ g̶o̶d̶l̶i̶k̶e̶,Is Very Gud Game!
76561198049784461,Not Recommended,393420,19560216,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Zararus,"Wow, what a Waste of Cash. Looks cool, Runs fine. But when it comes to gameplay. No Tutorial. and Players literally pvp the minute you find anything useful. Found 3 hackers in a server i joined on my frist Impression. kept spawn killing me from across the map. I know the game just came out, But Please Reduce the Price or fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ At the time of this Review. i score this a Nasty 2/10. Playable if you like a Death Simmulator."
76561198107823369,Not Recommended,393420,23349951,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,JoJo,I was wondering if I could get a refund on the game hurtwolrd my computer cant run it properly and I think it has spread malware through my CPU so if i could please get my money back that would be good
,Not Recommended,393420,23413362,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DIDUN Gamingshop | Gudang Item.,cool
,Not Recommended,393420,19554674,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Telemyrza,it's RUST (plus cars)...nuff said
76561197997986732,Not Recommended,393420,19541762,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ELDERBLIVION,"How the♥♥♥♥♥can you even test anything out when you are constantly killed every 20 seconds...let alone gather the materials to craft the bare bones of a weapon.Oooo, I've almost got enough to craft a spear.....dead, killed by epeen101....drop all materials on death.relog and off I go to gather more.....dead, killed by diklessjunior.relog and get enough to make a spear, stop to craft it....dead, killed by whokneadsgurlz.....Log off, get refund, and spit on my monitor cause I could. Avoid this♥♥♥♥♥♥storm."
,Not Recommended,393420,19540438,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Perri,"Worst game I have ever played. Refunding.- Horrible textures- Glitchy graphics, flickering, rubber-banding- Sense of scale is completely off- Horrible HUD and UIThis is just another cash grab survival game. Do NOT buy this."
76561198085779725,Not Recommended,393420,23979677,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,★Q★I★A★S★O★M★A★R,probably
76561198031943821,Not Recommended,393420,19978806,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Rex,"In current stage no reason to play it, and it isn't worth 20euro. There is absolutely nothing to do or no goal in the game, it's extremely hard to get stuff and to survive. This game only wastes your time, very boring and nothing to do."
,Recommended,393420,22791908,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,MiTo,Zajebiste !
,Not Recommended,393420,22785875,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vandhoming,Its a picse of  !@#$ its basicly a ripoff of rust and that game sucks
76561198202276288,Not Recommended,393420,19538862,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,☭Suck,Refund works
76561198340628266,Not Recommended,393420,34549524,Posted: 28 August,all,doctorgummy,i hate this game because the server is so big and we couldnt find each other.... plssss make a direction to another player.... e.g : a compass to another player..... can u refund my money..... its not worth it..... I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!
76561198183171126,Not Recommended,393420,30065059,Posted: 20 February,all,tobytankhunter,"this is my look on hurtworld:before you buy,well dont buy it because it's a waste of money, its a rip off,when you load up the game it never works, until you have found the one version of the 8 visions that work,and once you do, none of the servers except one(il get to that server soon)do not work,the one server that does load always bugs out when loading and crashes,practicly makeing the game unplayable,bye(mike drop)"
,Not Recommended,393420,19535711,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pirate Pete,"Joined first server, spawn camped by geared players.Join empty server - spend 20 minutes running around mountains picking up wood and stone - other players join, dead by 21 minutes.Dayz Refund simulator 2015."
76561198113507272,Not Recommended,393420,31877655,Posted: 21 May,all,Pickle Rick,BAD
,Not Recommended,393420,19561372,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Soy kettlefish,"was on australian server at like 1 AM when a group of 10 chinese hackers came on and killed the whole server,i respawned and made myself a primitive hatchet and attacked one of the hackers and yelled TAIWAN NUMBA ONE and he responsed with ♥♥♥♥ YOU MUTHA FUKA1/10 gameGame is way too easy to hack ♥♥♥♥ these developers......To anyone wondering how to hack search up assembly-csharp.dll modifying."
,Recommended,393420,22786156,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dammit Derek,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198130424601,Not Recommended,393420,19517769,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,helloworld00036,"People are just going around killing defenseless people for no reason. This peeves you as much as it does me, dont buy this game!"
76561198026771026,Not Recommended,393420,19489251,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BunkeredChimp,the game looks great from what ive seen in video and such just wish i could play it on my macbook. i guess its not compatiable with the latest update to osx el capitan. im currently using a 13inch macbook pro 2015 model and i figured it met all the specs required but just ownt load up keeps crashing.
,Not Recommended,393420,19481961,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Unexposed,It's not worth your $20 dollars
,Not Recommended,393420,19504530,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,d4,Refund simulator
76561198116037009,Not Recommended,393420,19506752,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,axelstell,couldnt even play it the lag was so bad couldnt walk or turn charcter and im running and I3 !!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198064482227,Not Recommended,393420,19483436,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,americajuana,was fallimg asleep while playing this .....................
76561198254501658,Recommended,393420,30516162,Posted: 14 March,all,donbedd,aw yes
,Recommended,393420,19538842,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Axi,"Very nice game , exactly the feeling of rust legacy"
76561198093343197,Recommended,393420,19521630,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zombie,"Great survival game. 10/10love it, good and easy crafting and building.Its similar to rust but this is much more to the survival side, there are a ton of things that can kill you.There is a very good and different way to prevent that players shoot on sight.There are of a few bugs and things they need to fix, but the core gameplay is really good and there are no gamebreaking bugs that i have experienced.And with a good pc this game looks very good and plays at 85-110 fps on highest settings."
76561198028034617,Recommended,393420,19564746,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Axioz,"Love it, will need more stuff. but played for 3 hours and really enjoyed it.Die = lose mats not gear, Really good."
,Recommended,393420,19562777,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Odin,"I'll state the obvious here: this game is inspired by rust and feels like it but is just better, it's polished and very enjoyable. Recomended"
76561198137858041,Recommended,393420,19562845,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,marit0-0,"Excellent game, need some more improvement, but I really like it.👍👍👍🎉🎉"
76561198067298923,Recommended,393420,19588917,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Man-Cheetah,"> Invested 30 hrs into building a base, acquiring resources, building gear, learning the land. Have acquired a rather impressive quad, painted it up, gotten it supped up with the best engine and the best gearbox I could scrounge. It's technically crap, but the paintjob, a purple coat with white flames, makes up for it.Driving this around to the far corners of the map, scrounging scrapyards for parts. Want to make a fleet of vehicles. On the way out of one such scrapyard, notice a player built garage nearby. I drive close by to check it out, and suddenly a naked man with a beard comes running from a nearby pile of scrapped out car chasis. I hear the boom of a shotgun and just take off on my quad. I veer around the building, trying to get rid of their line of sight. I see him still chasing me but hes way out of range, just wasting his ammo- at the time, I hadn't known, but shotgun shells are the most expensive to craft ammunition.I drive up into the hills and dismount the quad. My adrenaline is racing- I've never shot another person before, and this quad is my most valuable object. But I wanted to at least return fire, hoping they would think twice about pursuing me. I take aim at the naked man, and shoot him once in the midsection with my bolt-action. I take aim again, knowing I could win this, only to hear the unmistakeable sound of automatic gun fire. I'd never even seen an automatic weapon in this game, and the sound terrifies me.I hop onto my quad and take the ♥♥♥♥ off. I didn't see who'd been firing, not the naked man, but the sound was from his home, probably a friend. I had successfully looted an inventories worth of items on that supply run, and my desire to impress them with my gun had faded behind my urge to get home alive.Im racing home, constantly checking over my shoulder. Despite their garage, I see no cars in pursuit, so I calm down.I get home, and hop off my quad to pop open the garage door. My partner, my husband irl, is asleep, and I just wanted to get off the game before I lost something valuable while dicking around in the scrapyards. The garage door slides open and two men in winter gear with a spear and bow stare down at me from above the carport, on a balconey we had installed for aesthetics. The start firing, and my first reaction is to get the quad into the garage and lock the door, with all of us inside. They could kill me but my things would be sealed in my home until I could wear them down. I hop off the quad and shoot a round off at one of the attackers.They've leaped down from the balconey and started stabbing me to death. My hand is all jittery from panic and I miss all my next shots, a deadly flaw with a bolt action rifle. Everything goes black, as my form crumples onto the ground. I wait, eyes glued, for the respawn- my respawn totem, in the next room, is protected. I knew for sure they'd steal my two vehicles- the other, a large dune buggy with tricked out tires, was debatebly more valuable than the quad, but didn't have the paint job.I respawn and spring into action, sprinting to the room to try and shut the garage door. It comes down, but not before one attacked slips out under it on my prized quad. The other one is sealed in the room with me.He kills me once more, but now he is locked in the house with me. I slowly wear him down with my hatchet, but to no avail. My treasured quad was gone.I'd later go on to try to ransom the chasis back- it'd retain the paint job, and I could always find another engine. I lied, promising the attacker three guns in trade for the quad back. But before his infamy could die down, he was killed while idling in the middle of the street- losing the quad and all of my loot to another, completely unrelated player. I've never found another paint, or flames decal, so the loss sits heavily on me. My husband, who will wake in the morning, will be sad to know that I lost the quad. True story.Overall Impression:Fun, promising, but very unfinished. Endgame content is lacking once you get past the resource grinding hurdles.Pros:Game is visually smooth most of the time. Even on servers ping in the hundreds, the game plays smoothly.Weapons are fun to handle, and don't give an unfair advantage. Top tier guns, like autos and shotties, tho, are dangerous.Driving around can be fun. Think borderlands except your vehicle is also a status symbol, not just a conveinence.PvE and PvP are both challanging. PvE becomes more challenging as you attract more mobs. PvP is challanging due to the dominating instakills that bows and most guns provide.Base building can be tricky to figure out, but is a feature that adds a lot to pretending your a post apocalyptic raider.Cons:Lack of content. EA game, so not a real complaint, but anybody who wants to explore the map will be upset by the lack of variety. Same mobs, same scenery, same towns, same mountains, same blocky houses.Solo players can't survive very well. Due to the presence of instakills, most fights devolve into who has the most people to collect the loot at the end.A bit grindirific. I hate grinding, but this game does balance it out by making you travel and explore for the resources. This puts you in interesting scenarios, like being chased by baddies, or low on food, or freezing to death.NOT ALL RESOURCES are in the game yet. The detonator cap, a required component in order to make c4, isn't even findable. It doesn't drop. The videos you see online of bases being raided, all use an older recipe that was craftable. This one makes it impossible to raid bases. If you want to raid bases, wait till this gets patched or fixed.Protips:Press left-alt, and right mouse button to flip vehicles. NOT left mouse button.Dynamite is less effective as a weapon than you'd think.In order to find a complete car, you will need to hike. A lot.  It will be boring.Avoid fighting people at spawn. It seems like a good idea at first, but you don't realize how noobish you look as a caveman running at people with a spear, while I drive by in a quad, full get-up, and a gun.Learn the map, inside and out. There are only like 10 major landmarks, and everything else is repetitive terrain. It can get you killed as you wander the countryside, lost and starving."
,Recommended,393420,19756609,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Luwasted,"So I was looking for Day Z to play on mac, but it's not compatible. I found this game on accident. I saw it was #1 on some website and it was for mac. I bought it and it was the best thing ever. This game is so ♥♥♥♥en addicting."
76561198128120808,Recommended,393420,19753992,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,BobbyTrill,"Love this game i highly recommend it, also if your computer isen't very fast thats ok because this game could run on a microwave."
,Not Recommended,393420,19754433,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Zezima,"impossible to play with all rubberbanding, i have 8 ping on a server and still rubberband.at the current state, i can not give this game a good review, hopefully it's fixed"
76561198016126608,Not Recommended,393420,19754917,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Viber123,"Full of bugs and definately needs a LOT of workA game that allows others to bug out a flawed base building system where anyone can authenticate themselves and unbuild your base is just one of the major issuesI logged in to half of my base gone and all the resources I had gathered goneIts just not fun to play the gameAlso needs a new name...Griefer paradise - a  sadists playground (hurtworld was a little light)Although if you are a masochist, this is the game for you!"
76561198091745859,Recommended,393420,19755141,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,parker,Amazing! Endless fun! I cannot wait to watch this game grow!
76561198084839976,Recommended,393420,19744291,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AntohA,"---------------------------------------Original Review-----------------------------Why can i run fallout 4 at a constant 60 FPS and this  game chugs and tanks to even reach it?why am i rubberbanding like crazy on 20 ping server?Some say that if we knew the answers to thouse questions, we would understand the universe better.Huge deal-breaker. cant recommend.----------------------------------------Updated---------------------------------------Aiight so, idk why but it seems that the 3 server i tried be4 writing the original review were somehow ♥♥♥♥ed and after a while i did manage to find a serv that works fairly well (Rubberbanding and desync is still an issue tho)Let me state right away that i realise that this is an Early-Access game and some people will concider what im about to say excuseable by that but i dont think so. I belive that if your selling us a game (Even if its early access) it should be atleast playable and provide some ammount of content - Luckly this game does have content.Now for the big thing: This is rust. No1 can argue otherwise, and no1 can deny it, this is rust to the smallest detail, its almost like they somehow copy pasted it. The few things that set it apart arent even huge or impactfull enough to mention. Now, dont get me wrong, this is by no means ""Bad"" rust is a fairly good game (Even tho the dev time on it is longer then all the starwars production time put together) and this is a good basis to build upon.You see, for such a game to be good (Survival crafing thing) is should have contect to keep people comming back. Rust struggles with that, coz they went for graphical improvements over content and they suffer greatly for that, this game, shouldnt have the issue - the art style is nice to look at and is extreamly simple making it easier to develop new contect faster(That assumng that the devs are gonna keep this game up).Overall, a fun little game, and for the price of 11.25$ (Sale price) its worth a buy."
,Recommended,393420,19758187,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Jeffe,"Great Game, I highly reccomend it to anyone that likes survival games. This game is harder than the average survival game like Rust and Ark. So far, I have 14 hours in this game and I play on a community server so that I dont have any problems with hackers, griefers or people that KOS. This is still a fairly new EA game so it still has a couple bugs and glitches. A con to this game would be its lack of a VAC ban system, as people are able to hack without any consequences. I reccomend playing this game in a group and not solo, as with a group you can raid other people and your chances of surviving the first couple of nights are raised."
76561198008592503,Not Recommended,393420,19758749,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Lagdo,"Well, it is not much fun. You constantly gather resources and someone comes kills you and get your all stuff and you start from begining. I played for 3 hours and tried to create my own house and stuff but I was constantly being killed by random people. Its frustrating. Its more like free for all, everyone kills each other. There should be a goal. Groups, clans and etc. Not just running around and killing each other"
76561198168900099,Recommended,393420,19758896,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Danny Duncan,"Now before I say the pros and cons and what i like about it(pros) im going to say that, at first i thought this game was junk. Just I, and im sure everyone else did to, they just judged a book by its cover. The graphics sucked and all then some things wasnt to cool about the trailer. Just I bought it anyway and im having a blast with this game. Its my all time FAV games that i own and i have played, and im not exaggerating that either. Hurtworld is a fun and amazing game and before you say no to this game because of the graphics, well don't. Buy it, install and try. Personally i think the graphics are amazing in gamem as well not in fact the best EARLY ACESS stability ever. It runs so smooth with a constant 60FPS. As well the community isnt bad. PROS: Fun, enjoyful, rolelay, Cheap, Developers have money to do whatever with this game,creative,actually a game about survival and skill,Base building is awesome,PVP AMAZING,If comparing to the old rust legacy 10/10, etc. CONS: Early acess but not a big deal im fine with that, some glitches but will be fixed,tweaking the hunger a little and thats basically it for the cons. So yes i DEFINENTLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME PLZ BUY IT! Hurtwolrd has lots of friendlys as well, also they have a feature where KOS isnt as bad anymore, its awesome!"
76561197973236751,Recommended,393420,19734791,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Eolair,Very promising survival game. Even in this early state (Dec. 2015) it has a good pace and engaging gameplay.
,Recommended,393420,19734869,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Delilah-,Very similar with the old Rust! I might have just found my new survival game!!!
,Recommended,393420,19798122,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,AMATERASU,As as good as Rust was before it turned to♥♥♥♥♥
76561198036064473,Recommended,393420,19797425,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,BEEF BREATH SETH,finds deerdeer chargespokes deer with toothpickdeer diesdeer busts sick moves11/10 would pay double
76561197979922805,Recommended,393420,19791694,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Cameron,"The beginning is great fun, like any survival game. I feel like it is worth the $20 for how many hours I have gotten out of it. Unfortunately there is no more content left, and people are getting bored."
,Recommended,393420,19703945,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kyro,"Opinion:The world is huge, the building aspect is fun, survival is engaging, looting is fun. The main reason i play this game is because of the PVP. Headshots will kill, if you're good/lucky, you can survive a 2 on 1 battle, even if they're better geared. The biggest downfall of this game is solo play. People will not trust you to allow you into their group/tribe/clan, as you can do too much damage. If you do not start the game with other people it is incredibly difficult to start out.Game Aspects:-Survival - (Heat, Cold, Hunger, Health) all things you must pay attention to. (Not annoying but engaging)-Building - Very well built building system that allows every base to be different.-PVE - Creatures at any level of progression can be dangerous, such as Yeti.-PVP - There is no real armor, a top level player with an assault rifle can die to someone with a spear if hes good. There are Hit Boxes, a headshot is a 1 hit kill.-Map - Huge world with different biomes, each with unique creatures and loot to be found.-Death - If you die, you lose only the loot you've found. The equipment you have you do not lose, (unless you're on a full loot server or have infamy)-Infamy - If you kill someone, you will gain infamy for a certain amount of time, the more you kill the longer it is. If you die with infamy you can lose a piece of equipment which others can pickup.Cons:1. Lag on servers occasionally.2. Hordes of people named ""我是一个混蛋"" trying to kill you.3. Very difficult to get started, incredibly difficult to get started solo.4. Not fun if you're playing alone, starting out anyway.5. Randomly hit with huge FPS drops (less than 1FPS) experienced on two different PCs.Pros:1. Runs well at maxed graphics.2. PVP is a blast.3. Infamy system is fantastic.4. Tons of fun if you're playing with friends.5. Yell Merica and people will come to your aid.6. Hitboxes, If you shoot an arrow and hit someone in the head, they die.7. Official Servers are wiped every 20 days - This allows people who are new to join a fresh server, additionally allows people who have been playing to keep the game interesting.Specs:AMD 8350GTX 970 SLISamsung Evo 840 SSD16gb PNY 1333mhz."
76561198184794857,Recommended,393420,19785678,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,lil pump,"This game is amazing, The first time I bought this game I played about 30 minutes then refunded it... acouple days later I thought id try it again, and boy am I glad that I did. The game is kid of boring when you first start off but once you start getting resources and things like that it will be a load of fun to play I've met some pretty awesome people in this game that have helped me get a lot of my stuff and now I have a base right next to theirs, But if you are thinking about buying this game BUY IT it's so much fun. 10/10"
76561197969801512,Recommended,393420,19626486,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,RedQueen,"If you liked rust legacy I think you'll most likely enjoy Hurtworld -- especially if you play full loot server.   That said, this is far from a legacy clone and the PvE is reall even when geared you can die if you aren't careful.   Cold sometimes (or heat) can quickly overwhelm you and on a full loot server until you get a base going it's hard to mass produce clothes.The graphics are nothing special but the map is a very, very good legacy inspired iteration and the weather system is already quite impressive.There's plenty to iron out and add to the game but I certaintly recommend this game to EA survival fans.  Reviewers that said this a cross between legacy and long dark aren't wrong.  Like long dark, sometimes the weather and survival hardships can sneak up on you even when you think you are prepared.The pvp is fun although I've only had a gun for moments.  No recoil yet but it's in the works.  I believe they use ""hitscan"" which IMO is preferred to bullet drop and overly complex ""realism"".  Others may prefer the opposite.The bow play is nice and very much like legacy rust.I'll update my review when I get fully in the end game and they continue to update but so far so good."
,Recommended,393420,19627089,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,"I love this game ,"
76561198113550732,Recommended,393420,19603227,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Sheriff Danzey,"Very great and addictive game, would highly recommend"
,Recommended,393420,19624890,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,YUNG POGO,Great game for as new as it is
,Recommended,393420,19700589,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RIP BurdMan,YES! It's the old rust reincarnated! So beautiful I love it.
76561198064811744,Recommended,393420,19701209,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,lelelegitgud,"this game has a good survival system, i recommend it due to the nice gentlemen that gave me food. : )"
,Recommended,393420,19690057,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,antoN @ Livingroomlife,"Love this game,! :D"
76561198020353211,Recommended,393420,19647397,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Richdemerciless,"played about 90mins before a server reset took  me off, good fun pretty simple to understand. died once or twice from freezing to death until i worked out how to make clothes and a fire. unforgiving yes but good fun"
76561198062500062,Recommended,393420,19647433,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TolerantCashew,"It's a great game, Love the art work. It gets a little buggy when the server is full like 50 or more but i still love the game. There are Nice Players out there in the world of HurtWorld but there are Bad one to............But that's just Human Nature."
,Recommended,393420,19637046,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[N-cognito],My current experience in Hurtworld so far:- Join 60-player server- Have absolutely no idea how to play the game- Run around spawn- Hear louding thumping noise coming from a machine- See base up in the rocks- Destroy the farm outside of the base- Finds a way into base because guys forgot to put a roof- Change base name and authorize myself as a member- In the process of stealing precious metals when one of the owners walks into the room- We stare at each other for a good 10 seconds- Guy tells me to ♥♥♥♥ off- Flip him off and run like Usain Bolt- Get about 500 meters away from the base when he shoots me in the head- Respawn- Rinse and repeat10/10 would flip other players off again
76561198059191638,Recommended,393420,19645853,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Willy,Spawned in. walked around and finally made an axe. found a group of three guys. killed two and got shot in the head. 10/10 would play again
76561198032000660,Recommended,393420,19697168,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Chumpkilla,"This game...... man what to say. Its only 250MB and its an amazing game. If you like survivor, crafting, hunting, building, etc games, then this is your game. I have been sucked into this game since I got it. I mean sucked in, it reminds me of the old days i used to stay up till 2am in the morning and feeling like♥♥♥♥♥♥the next day.... well i feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥this morning and the past month! This game is already fun and it is only going to get better. The Devs have been updating non stop and they have been super responsive to all game bug fixes, cheaters, etc. Great Game, Backed by great developement team.... I would love to work for this company as this is the kind of game I have dreamnt about..... BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!"
76561198023819287,Recommended,393420,19697237,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,kawe,Great game loot of fun :)
76561198216122268,Recommended,393420,19709113,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kim Jong is my Uncle,"Hurtworld, a cartoonish versoin of Rust with cars, mythical creatures and a whole lot more to come since its only in alpha. It will be worth you while to buy this game if you like games that have something funny inside them to emotes where you can airhump and run with your hands up looking really funny. You must get you and your friends to buy this game for the most best and funnest game known to this day. Trust me, you won't regret buying it."
76561198110558944,Not Recommended,393420,19662623,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mercenary,"This review will be short and simple.The game itself is amazing, and has lots of potential. The only flaw is the lack of an anti-cheat system. Cheaters on this game are outrageous, and until an anti-cheat system is implemented, I will not be recommending, nor playing this game."
76561198032085445,Not Recommended,393420,19704905,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,cosmickobal,"Alright...This game initially was pretty fun......for the first 10 hours; then it just became a chore to try to even leave my base long enough to gather enough food to survive another night without dying of hunger. Don't get me wrong, the game ITSELF is fun, BUT--PLAYER-KILLERS are EVERYWHERE!People will pretend to be friendly. claim to be freezing and in need of you fire. claim to be being chased and need help, etc etc etc. In my 33 hours of play on 3 different servers as of this review), I've only met 6 people who didnt flat out try to kill me as soon as they saw me.Some more important points:The official servers are almost ALWAYS jam packed and there is no queue system for logging in. you just have to keep clicking refresh over and over and over( I once had to do this for 45 minutes to get into Official Chicago 2) I would say that of my 33 hours of play, a good 5 hours of that was spent just trying to log in.There are no traps or any kind of passive defence to keep you safe; only your own 2 arms and that bow that you cant use because when that guy killed you 5 minutes ago, you dropped all your arrows. -.-.....I really dont know whether to give a thumbs up or down. I like the game but I'm sick of the people in it.I'm going to give it a thumbs down for now. if a login queue is added, if the respawn mechanic is updated  and PVP is modified to be less...... frustrating, then I'll change it to a thumbs upEDIT: I just gave it another 2 hours to see if I had changed my mind... No, no I havent. not yet.Some things I forgot to mention earlier:Animals will randomly teleport through walls to attack you in your base.you will die from fall damage while standing still.you will die of heatstroke in the frozen biome.you will get stuck inside the earth when respawning sometimes.you will experience horrible lag spikes on any of the official servers and a lot of the community servers."
,Recommended,393420,19705316,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ATEX,much good
,Recommended,393420,19705332,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,norville.,"If you liked Rust Legacy, you gonna like this. I Promise You Dat."
,Not Recommended,393420,19704993,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,YoLandiVssr,"Just another disappointing ""survival"" game. No real incentive not to kill everyone you see."
,Recommended,393420,19705003,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mr.Edward.,Build system is very good ~This game only 248 mbAwesome
,Not Recommended,393420,19705055,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Bildur1,"Not super impressed with this game yet. Having played 100's of hour of Rust, I thought this one would be similar, but it is very laggy and the graphics are not up to par. I am unfortunately heading back to Rust."
,Recommended,393420,19694872,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,American Doggo,Spawn inChop woodHave no idea what is going onFind some friendsWe team upWe travel very farOne of us dies of hypothermia because we thought we could wait out the night...10/10.20000Ignore the hate  comments and just get the best survival game out there.
76561198080795074,Recommended,393420,19706223,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SolidKevinBacon,"it extremly similar to Rust in nature, and while still in infancy it plays a thousand times smoother."
,Not Recommended,393420,19703983,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Achillezzz,"I feel obligated to review. Some are saying this is better than rust. I don't see it. The gfx are subpar, UI subpar, and the things to do also seems very subpar. Perhaps there is something fun here I missed with just 1hr of playtime but it seemed like it has faaaar to go to compete with the likes of rust, 7 days to die, etc...  Btw, also found the server communities are reallly, really bad. Griefers everywhere - probably because they are bored and have nothign else to do"
76561198030638589,Recommended,393420,19657226,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Serpie,"Great game! It's like old Rust Legacy if u have ever played that.I look forward to future updates though :)Only bad atm is that theres no ""windows"" to place in you're base/house..."
76561198062125245,Recommended,393420,19672412,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,RancidMeat,"pretty decent game considering the graphics are a bit lacking, the arrow mechanics are fun as well as the hit windows on the animals(aka head shot) is great, if your not playing in a group it is very difficult and even then i find this game is more aggressive than *rust. people love to grief in this game, but hey leave your roof open and trap them in your house when they come to raid you(just dont have a land claim and only you can access your door) all around its def worth the money"
,Recommended,393420,19721850,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,DincherDan,"This game is top of the notch broys and grills. Plx get it and make the game even more popular than it is. It really deserves it, because it is an ALPHA THAT WORKS! WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT? I know right. Let me say that again. An alpha that... WORKS! Almost every aspect about this game is nutty. Combat is fun, the base building is gr8, banditry is at an all time low, cuz of the dank Infamy bar.Lets go, Hurtworld all the way! BUY IT! Plx ;)"
,Recommended,393420,19719661,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Cyaraa,"The Long Dark and Rust's love child, 10/10"
76561198050388361,Recommended,393420,19720001,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,"This game is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played. I logged my first 30 or so hours on a high pop community server and that was very fun. I then moved to a lower pop server called RedRum Hotel and had progressed pretty far into the late game with 2 cars completed and had a very decent base set up. Long story short I killed an admin on RedRum Hotel and took his car so he banned me and deleted all my stuff. Please don't join server's that do not have friendly admins, I just bought a 30 slot dedicated server and I have myself and a friend running it. If you would like to check it out the name is ""Rick and Morty's Adventureland"" see you guys ingame! wubalubadubdub!"
,Recommended,393420,19720044,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Resume,Awesome game!
,Recommended,393420,19727346,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ChknLkr,"Everything all the other survival gmaes wish they were.   Highly suggest this game, especially while on sale!"
,Recommended,393420,19726822,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,nclem,"I 100% reccomend this game. Althought I see everyone complaining about hackers, I am yet to encounter a single one of them. One of my only quams is how god damn difficult it is to get a gun. I mean really, it's good but bad.No gun = all out arrowfest, pretty funGun = Slaughtering the all out arrowfest.10/10. Very polished game."
,Recommended,393420,19726938,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Pocket Morty,A much more fun version of rust. If you haed rust you'll love this. Still very early alot must still improve like when you drive vechiles it is very laggy.
76561197989432930,Recommended,393420,19726978,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Osiris,"I gave this a thumbs up because it truly is an awesome game. I do have a few issues with it however. I feel like the infamy system needs to be harsher than it currently is. The Melbourne 1 server has at least 2 or 3 KOS clans which in and of itself isn't neccesarily an issue but it severely affects other players ability to enjoy the crafting/adventure portion of the game, and survival is out of the question. You get about 10-20 minutes of game play then you are killed and lose all the progress you made. Currently the infamy penalties are just not serious enough to discourage KoS'ing. Players are taking advantage of other players by shooting them because the benefits far outway the consequences. If it's intended then thats fine it's just not the game for me and i'll find something else and move on, and i have a feeling i wont be the only one."
76561198164117623,Recommended,393420,19718550,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dotronix,A really nice game!
,Recommended,393420,19723003,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,www.twitch.tv/xFrenchyTV,Gameplay is really nice! 10/10.
,Recommended,393420,19724117,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Quickdrawz,looks cool
,Recommended,393420,19713283,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Deni,That's hurt!
,Recommended,393420,19715521,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,DoktorDoom85,"Amazing game and community.  A little glitchy, but still in alpha.Oxide modifications add unique gameplay.If you are looking for a home we would love to have you.Looking for primarily Midwest players.E-mail us at:stlhurtworld@gmail.comLook forward to seeing you!In the F1 menu type: connect 69.162.90.142:12911Or find us at: [US] Central Unofficial St. LouisNew server just up 12-15-15."
76561198095006045,Recommended,393420,19713939,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SilverTooth,This game is amazing. If you enjoyed playing rust at all then you will fall in love with this game Its 100 times better than rust
,Recommended,393420,19669254,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RedKnightPie,Amazing survival gameThis game is a must buy early access beta/alpha game its amazing and best off all you die of hyperthermia :D!!!!I like this games graphics and style and system its a very interesting survival game ive already spent 5 hours on it after every 30 minutes saying i will get off and continue my life but no i stay on! There is a down side im noticing most servers are laggy too the range of ping from both sides and offical servers are worst due to both side bad ping and the mass amount of players. The communitie has been nice but is slowly falling to the asshats running around servers killing people.Also beware even though you pc specs may fall inbetween the required and mininum you pc/laptop may not be able to run this I am facing this problem Right now and I dont know if its server lag or fps lag causing this problem for me ive checked my frames which are 30-60 and im running medium-low graphics.
,Recommended,393420,19668305,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,.gNazty,Fun and simple
,Recommended,393420,19667957,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SparklingLlama,"Solid game. Lags a bit though but thats due to server connection. A lot of tools on the game spawn camping making it a bit hard for new people to understand the game. Other than that just need more building customisation and make some reserouces more accessible such as furs. maybe increase the server cap from 50 to maybe 60-65, going off of how full servers usually are but other than those this game is a true survival game and requires a lot of team work with others if you want to get anywhere, killing people wont do much for you unless you have a gun and they don't."
76561198011065960,Not Recommended,393420,19668170,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Middle-Siggy,"Ok so after playing the game for hours.. I have come to the conclusion I will not recommend it to others..My reason for it, is that it takes forever to build up supplies, and then some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goes ahead and kills you.. so what is the point. When you spawn in randomly and cannot meet up with your friends to work with someone watching your back.. there is no point in me wasting my time collecting stuff so people can kill me leaving me with nothing.I like the idea of having to survive, but not against humans.. you should be able to make yourself non p2p so you can figure things out, but I never will.. because this experience has left me completely upset and never wanting to waste my time like that agin..Good luck with this nitch idea.. I like the survival idea.. not the p2p idea.."
76561198001053780,Recommended,393420,19662691,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Vanheden,"I gotta say this game is awesome, Been playing it for 12 hours straight with friends!"
76561197977220332,Recommended,393420,19662861,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,BigMoser,"My first playthrough lasted ~30-45 minutes.I decided to go with an almost full 28/30 server with a good ping.  After playing Rust Legacy for some time, I quickly got acquainted with the crafting / inventory system.  I started near nighttime and quickly went looking for wood and flint.  I survived my first night.Day 1 - I gathered more resources and made a hatchet, pickaxe, and a spear which I thought was cool that I could toggle a throwing arm to throw it, and was pleased that I could retrieve the spear from the point of impact.  Once I got used to gathering nodes, I found some rabbits.  I miss most of my spear throws, but I did land a good shot on one and got it's meat and leather.  I took the meat back to the fire and cooked my first steak.  I read not to cook them too long, so that's what I did not do.  Anyways, I fed myself then met my first player.  He didn't speak, but I felt generous.  I took my spear, threw it on the ground, and walked away.  I felt good about it.  I had enough resources to make another one.   All of a sudden I hear microphone noise and 2 well equipped guys ran past with shotguns and one of them faced me.  I put my hands up, but was met with a shot to the head.  A naked guy near the event came up to my body and teabagged it.Where I like this game over Rust is the part where I get to keep my equipment.  Not having to make new equipment, I used my knowledge thus far to kill some deer and get enough resources to make basic pants, shirt, and shoes before logging out.My survival gaming consist of DayZ (Arma 2 mod), Rust, and GRAV before trying this out, and from what I've played so far, it's looking like it's going on top of my list here.If you're casual like me and don't mind another survival game that launches, connects, and plays smoothly with a somewhat cartoonish feel to it, then I recommend this title.I wonder what adventure awaits me next!"
,Recommended,393420,19691995,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Breadog,Best alpha ever.
,Recommended,393420,19744657,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dontat,игра бомба  советую
,Not Recommended,393420,19745047,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,R4Z,"it has a lot of potential but I can't recommend it in it's current stateI got bored of it quite fastI didn't have problems with hackers as others did, for me the lack of content was the issue.I know my mistake probably is that I'm comparing it to rust and it's unfair. BUT the game does cost as much as or more than other games that offer a lot more.As I said, after a few h I was bored of it so no, I can't recommend it for now."
76561198141522517,Recommended,393420,19743686,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Høj-Hansen,Really good game for the price !
,Recommended,393420,19742586,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ChawDinky,Rust Lecacy Fans! Yes just simply YES! 10/10 Must have. The game feels like old rust but the way this game players jebus! The clarity the cleanes and the FPS is just insane! Must have create game play and just a great game. Cant wait to see what this will turn into!
76561198026836597,Recommended,393420,19634263,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BOTTOM_KEK,"i payed R200 for this game and i really stuggle to even get it to run , i KEEP on getting the Hurtworld.exe has stopped working message when i want to run the game and i am beginning to get frustrated as i want to play and i cannot. please find a fix for this ?"
,Recommended,393420,19633591,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,AceA🅱iator,The game is awesome in any way possible but one thing i didnt like at all.the comunity int this game in 90% sh*t.some of the ppl are nice but 90% will just kill on sight with no thinking or talking.i still recommend the game its fun and awesome !
,Recommended,393420,19653688,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Citybuild122,"I've played this game for a little over half of an hour at the point of this review. I love the game. However, I would like to go over some things.I really think that there should be a singleplayer mode with this game.I would start talking about groups, but there may be groups and I just haven't figured out all the ropes yet.So yes, the only things that I have explored are getting a spear, pickaxe, meat, and a campfire. I have no idea how to get a home yet.So, what I have played so far is aweosme.If you don't like something that is as realistic as going into hypothermia and if you can't think fast on your feet, I would not recommend this game. If you are, I say go for it! It is an awesme game!"
76561198011478641,Recommended,393420,19640212,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Merlin L'enchanteur,Very nice ! recommend !
,Recommended,393420,19640697,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Inglorious,Just like Legacy Rust but with cars.  8/10 Would buy again.
,Recommended,393420,19640746,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,"High, I Shot jew up",kappa
76561198054815892,Recommended,393420,19660146,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jesus,"Very fun and addicting game the community is mixed with nice people and people that will shoot you without thinking about it twice, but thats like every survival game. The only problems ive really had are getting into an official server because there is no queue system so you have to keep refreshing the page which can get pretty annoying."
,Recommended,393420,19604355,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Rocketman909,"This game is just like legacy rust. The better and awesome rust. Great fps mechanics. Thirdperson, great sandbox methods. Highly recommended this game to you survival pro players."
,Recommended,393420,19603556,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,THE EYEHOLE MAN,"So far this game has been top notch, like really super been incredibly fun...Pros:*Super Fun Combat.*Building is great.*Not just PvP and KoS, but has a lot of PVE.*Great Optimization.*Graphics are unique and I like the 3-D blocky type feel.Cons:*The temperature when you spawn in can be a hassle.*You kind of need your friends to get it, my friends are being wet wipes and still think its another survival game and aren't getting it."
76561198001236976,Recommended,393420,19644372,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Tatosoup,Super fun to run around and poke people in the face with a spear. will play more!
76561198005090519,Recommended,393420,19664169,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Corpereel Hengri,Its an amazing game for a early access survival game and i dont encounter alot of bugs.The only problem i have is that there isn't alot of microphone compatibility so my razor headset won't work which kkind of sucks.
76561198127016050,Not Recommended,393420,19686912,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,chasenorton,Would rather lube up with nails than play this horrible excuse for a game. The perfect example of what early access has become.
76561198123245201,Recommended,393420,19609009,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SquirmyWhale,"Loved it, felt like I was playing DayZ or Rust for the first time. Mostly felt like Rust though. This is a fun game but the equipment gap is way too high. Whenever someone gets a car they are unkillable. The guns are hard to get which is normal, but the bows stand no chance so there is no point in fighting when anyone with a gun is unfriendly. I think they need to reduce the power of the car since someone can just drive around and instakill people by running them over which is very frustrating.But overall a good game if you like Open-World survival ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator"
,Recommended,393420,19609431,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,You Never Beat Me Take This L,"This is the survival game I have honestly been looking for! The graphics might not be the sexiest but running it on 4k 90fps is still beaut. The hunting aspect is fantastic but to add to that you also have base building, in it's simplest but most wonderful form! 100% reccomend this already, realistically it can only improve!8.5/10 - Near perfect survival game but needs to iron out some edges."
,Recommended,393420,19607187,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,thismeanswar,They have some things to tweak to make the pvp aspect more enjoyable but I definitely got my moneys worth.
,Recommended,393420,19638255,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Feanominal,"DO NOT aks me how or why... For some reason i just love this game. It's so smoothe and fresh, alot of people don't recommend this game only due to the fact they die.... Read the game itself.. It says HARDCORE SURVIVAL. Meaning only for those that are willing to die 9999999999x and still enjoy it! Best $19.99 ever spent !!!!"
,Recommended,393420,19638623,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Big Billy Bob Joe McGee,"One of the best survival games i have ever played of course it still needs some improvements for some issues and bugs but other than that the game mechanics, crafting system, and inventory system are perfect. I definitely would recommend this game to anyone who loves simple survival games. Also noticed that the players online are very friendly and cooperative."
,Recommended,393420,19610011,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Behind The Meme,You can wear ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tshirts and poo shirts. Also theres a wifebeater 8/8.
76561198005517894,Recommended,393420,19610333,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Patton,"Even if i was doubtful i had to try this game. I'm a survival game junkie and love this genre. But I didn't expect such a polished game. Graphics is nice, runs super smooth and the client is very stable. Surviving is a challenge, but it didn't take long to figure the mechanics of how to survive in this game. Actually, I've never died so far (stayed away from populated servers). For fun i've setup a local server to play around with. This game looks to be a strong competitor to Rust (my favourite survivour game)."
76561198105232172,Recommended,393420,19611696,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Θ,"A survival game that's really put a challenge to you, everything can kill (except for the cute bunnies, or goats, what the hell are that things), kepping you warm, protected from radioactivity are nice mechanics, crafting fells nice and it's not a hard thing to do. Also, has better physics than watch dogs10/10"
,Recommended,393420,19623610,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,.*,"Honestly its just such a great game to pick up and play with your friends. If you do play alone you'll have trouble getting geared up with loot, I'd suggest getting a best friend to get the game so you can team up or finding a friendly in-game (At this time is really easy to find because it just came out)"
76561198199402678,Recommended,393420,19623700,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,exodussavage,Great Game! Best Ive played very fun. Its not like other survival games you get to keep your tools!
76561198096908495,Recommended,393420,19622287,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Normster14,At first the game did not run at all so I requested a refund. Shortly after I changed some settings and found that the problem was on my end. The game ran perfectly. It's very challenging at first but once you get decent gear the game becomes a lot easier. If you enjoyed Rust Legacy or any challenging survival game then I highly recommend Hurtworld.
,Recommended,393420,19622445,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,W1ndLeaf,"So much fun! Cool basebuilding stuff, could have a map but it's fine, you can get your own references.PS: AVOID BRAZILIAN PLAYERS (I'm one, and for real, they just KoS, I can't play in a BR server anymore.)"
,Recommended,393420,19752640,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Docc,"I'm very picky about my games, especially survival ones. H1z1, DayZ, Rust, I've played them all. All of them constantly had the same problem.... Too much time was put into the graphics and not enough time put into gameplay.This game however does the opposite. The game runs quite smooth, at the cost of ""Cartoon"" graphics. Lots to do, lots to explore, I do recommend starting off on a lower populated server, otherwise you risk getting spawn killed by a guy with a gun, while you MAYBE have a bow. Unbalanced. The game is well worth the money."
76561198043871334,Recommended,393420,19738512,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Varthrias,"This game is wildy addicting if you enjoy survival games such as DayZ, H1Z1, Ark.. that stuff. Its very similar but imagine those with Team Fortress 2 graphics, and your real enemy is more so other players, as opposed to Zombies or Dinosaurs. Sure, there are animals that will kill you, but that is a minor threat compared to the fact that most of the population on the servers are KOS. Be warned... they will approach you saying things like ""friendly"" and the lot, but dont trust anyone. If you can build a rapor or even just a peaceful truce with another player, it was a good day in Hurtworld lol but this game will make you not trust humanity. Still a great game, and with some tweeking it will be amazing. I think its well worth at least $20 as of writing this. (Dec 2015)"
,Recommended,393420,19738620,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Cpt Jack Bean,Very good gameplay if u take in advance that is early access .
76561197976055538,Recommended,393420,19737413,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bendial,"I absolutely love this game so far and think it has huge potential. It's being compared a lot to Rust legacy, which is accurate, but it is much improved. Only thing missing is sleepers, but I'm sure those will get added later."
,Recommended,393420,19740860,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Horse,Best survival game I have ever played. but also the hardest. if you want a hard game to play get it and get good
,Recommended,393420,19741442,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MrFallenAngel,"I love this game, the grafics are awesome, they are the poerfect blend of realistic and cartoony, The best part is you keep your tools that were on your hot bar when you die. So it doesnt take to much to get back there where you where if you die. The house and land totem are a great addition. The totem claims your land as yours so others cannot build on it, it also doubles as a respawn point. Making a Beacon is one of the first things you should do after you make a home. It counts as a compas and tells you how to get to your properties.CONS: The servers are almost always full, and it takes a while to get into one. If you need to go afk and decide to disconnect for saftey, it could be hours before you get back in."
76561198016735960,Not Recommended,393420,20021840,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dworvin,their are just to many games out their and this is not one of the good ones.
76561197993214645,Not Recommended,393420,20022355,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Moshun Unseen,"I didn't play long before feeling I needed to offer a quick ""my first thoughts"" and impression. I was quickly dissapointed and regretted the purchase of Hurtworld. To me, it's just Rust re-hashed. Typical insta-kill community. They see you they try to kill you. It's so silly. There is zero incentive to play for any length of time when someone can destroy it all for you for no reason.I'd reccomend not purchasing this."
76561198126919474,Recommended,393420,20022641,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bradennotbrandon,u need a good pc but its cool
76561198170924194,Recommended,393420,20022677,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Quick,best game ever
,Recommended,393420,20024789,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,'druxx,"People need to remember the game is currently going its ""Early Access"" stage.The game where it is at now is most certainly playable and that's what people want to hear/know.Here's a video I've done for the game giving you some funny moments/what to expect:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJr_AapZx9UThe game is only due to get better with the patches they have planned for the game.Being Australian, it's good to see that finally we have a bunch of motivated people wanting to get on the map with this game.I rate the game highly and will intend to play it till it's washed up.Oh, and yes.. It's worth its money."
76561198252696784,Recommended,393420,20081115,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sins_bug,ok i love this type of game just i think they need to add some setings so that pepole like me only runing on an advarge laptop can play with out lag every wher so make hat better game would be 10/10
,Recommended,393420,20041228,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RageBlazing,i like it. its good.
,Recommended,393420,20051650,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Avillium,♥♥♥♥ those boars0/10
76561198094074209,Recommended,393420,19763145,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,zBunnYz,i like this game But there is ton of bug now so don't be surprise
76561198116107266,Recommended,393420,20055767,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,NobalChase,10/9 The hardest part of this game is starting when you just join a server becuase its hard to get supplies and theres a ♥♥♥♥ load of people tyring to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥but once you get a base its smooth sailing and all the controls are simple and easy love it! Also everygame has its momnets where there a MASSIVE LAG spike but it will eventually go away after 5 min lol GG GREAT GAME! GET IT
,Recommended,393420,20257638,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,charley,"Spawned and it started to rain realizing that this would kill me I run under a cliff, when it finally stops raining I run out to go gather some wood, while looking for the wood I hear voices coming from a base. I then ask the people inside if I can come in...they ask me to knock, they then let me in and I go next to a fire to not die (I was freezing) after about 30 seconds the guy inthe room with me says he's dying of heatstroke, we cant go out, its locked, so we go the farthest point away from the fire and about 30 seconds to death I realize we can just turn it off.... 11/10 would die of heatstroke again"
76561198051249829,Recommended,393420,20258264,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LessTenaciousD,"This game started off great! I built a small workbench, started to get my base together, then got grief killed because I was on someone's ""property"". I quickly learned that this person ""owned"" about 45% of the map, which he patrolled  unrelentingly via a bridge he built in the sky.After about two hours, I finally got a decent base together, but alas nothing lasts forever. I figured out the hard way that into the wee morning hours, the Chinese players get on and cut a bloody swath through everything and everyone. This is where the real game begins. Every petty difference, every feud that went on that day goes to hell. Everyone who speaks English - no matter the nationality - bands together against everyone who speaks Chinese, and the whole server erupts into a war zone. The skybridge sounds like a dumb idea until you've patrolled it with nine other people, hunting other players and laughing at their futile attempts to find shelter from your unremitting barrage of spears and arrows.10/10 Would have WWIII again."
,Not Recommended,393420,20250817,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Midelic,> Bought the game because from all of the good reviews> Start playing> Lagging as ♥♥♥♥> Found out it was poorly optimized> Refunded the game
76561198209319443,Recommended,393420,20250287,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Paroh,Fun game! maybe they need to add more generators ores and weapons.
76561198161007953,Recommended,393420,20256117,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CraftCrazy11,i like it cuse it not like other survival games where you work hard die lose all your stuff and get a refund on it this one is much better but the gotta fix with the chineese and asians coming in us servers and spam
76561198039402580,Recommended,393420,20256408,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ghost,Good game to play with your friends :D
,Recommended,393420,21513020,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LeStormi,"Well this game is best survival game i've played in early access to this date, and i've played, DayZ, H1Z1, Infestation, Aftermath, ARK, etc.But this game has the most polished engine, though there are a lot of server trouble on official servers, the game thrives on community servers, and the devs are great at responding to problem that needs to be fixed, with a lot of information on reddit.The shooting in this game compared to other survival games, is by far the best. especially with a bow and arrow, the driving mechanics, the building, the artstyle of graphics.. it's all better! And bear in mind, it has only been in development in like 21 months or so.. that's why i would recommend this survival before any other atm."
,Recommended,393420,21827113,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Professor_headshot,"Game is really good, needs more content but pvp is really fun. More people from NA need to get this game cause NA servers pop is no where near EU pop. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,393420,22070793,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Oil Raccoon,"A great take on a dying genre, absolutely love it."
76561198169251581,Recommended,393420,22112356,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,gotta BLAST,"I mean, im giving this a thumbs up for one reason. I dont know what im doing with my life. Recently i had bad ping on one server and it kicked me for too high of a ping. 120 ping is not too high in my opinion. Also if you are not a child, I would reccoment getting the alpha/beta for rust instead. Its cheaper, and costs so much less. (5$ XD) But I like the game if i am just chillin"
76561198142795579,Recommended,393420,19736033,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ZXZ,Fun game but does need a little more improvements... But then again it is early access..
76561198002887708,Recommended,393420,19733842,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Explorerda,It's a very fun game for its current state. Similar to rust but more fun.
,Recommended,393420,19583804,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,KushBluntsLA,I love it it's fun it's a slow fast paced game the PVP is there for sure.. They even have PVE and it's a threat actually not saying can't be better but AI is good .. The big thing is for those people that hate being KOS this game does a lot to prevent it .. Never been in MMO survival game that I didn't go go KOS I was one of those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but now they is infamous bar the more people you kill the higher level you become but it's not like in GTA where people can see your level only you can see but the thing is that if it gets to high from killing people you already drop lootable stuff you pick up obviously but the tools and weapons you made stay on you but if your infamous level is too high you actually lose the stuff on your inventory belt if killed and it's scary loosing that bolt action rifle or m4 and people that are afraid of getting base raided don't worry it's not an easy task it is a grind I'll say that it makes you work for your stuff and material is not in same areas so you actually have to travel out into the open world to find those type of different rocks but good luck love this game hopefully becomes really popular but sad thing is it's kind of small pop servers max is 60/60 hopefully that gets bigger
,Recommended,393420,19594582,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Azbolg,"Very fun game.I never played rust, but I am sure it is similar.Game is meant for hardcore PvPers.  Game is still very alpha.Pros:-Great PvP-Deep progression for end game (not easy to find items)-Difficult to acquire high end items-Unique base building-Don't lose all your gear when you die.-Large world w/ many biospheresCons:-Graphics are alpha-Small or 1 man Dev team (don't expect this game to have massive updates or even be completed).  I fully expect to get a few hours of PvP fun then drop it as the game gets stale.-Penalizes the person for finishing the kill even if they didn't shoot first.-Lots of KOS players (which is fine by me), I like adversity to make the game challanging.-Probably favors more hardcore players that can grind/build bases.-Takes at least 2 hours w/o-Gathering similar resources can get mundane after a while.Lot of negative reviews are from carebears.  If you are not a carebear and like stabbing people w/ spears, give this game a shot, you can even build unique bases.I'm still trying to figure out how to get cares and the materials for the guns.Cheers!"
,Recommended,393420,19594643,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,AlienNova,There's a harmless glitch where killing an animal with a neck will cause it to head bang.
76561197970787890,Recommended,393420,19594754,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,FLOWDANGO,10/10 Would randomly air hump multiple people while singing smooth R&B songs with each other again.Buy the game and join the thrusting movement!
,Recommended,393420,19595063,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,OBEY,"Hurtworld is a great game overall! It's been out for around 3ish days now and I'm loving it. This game is in alpha and it already has so much and definently has a lot of potential in its future. Yes the game does lack some crafting aspects right now but that is going to be fixed. With 3 hours invested in to this game, I have to say that they were well worth the time. I DEFINENTLY recommend this game for everyone!"
,Recommended,393420,21983880,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BL4CKEST,Sick game
,Recommended,393420,21986775,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sunomer,Good Game :D
,Recommended,393420,20592086,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Moosley!,"-Spawned into server-Crafted spear-Saw someone planting near his base-Went behind him-Stabbed him in the head-Heard him shouting ""WHAT THE FU-"" before death-Heard his mate on the mic asking ""What's wrong?""-Ran away-Guy chases me saying ""FIGHT ME LIKE A MAN YOU LITTLE ♥♥♥♥♥""-Successfully outran him10/10 would murder a farmer again"
,Recommended,393420,22103392,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,S. Van De Sompele,Awesome game! Fully recommended!
,Recommended,393420,22074778,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Commitzar,It's okay.
,Recommended,393420,22166711,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,kell nino [supra.] ™,"- Good game but need a lot of work.-Servers are not that full like they should in such a young game.-If u already play Rust, stay away from this game.Overall: 8/10"
76561198271924336,Recommended,393420,22167329,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sokairik_Mike,"1st off, this game is my first survival/ craft/ pvp game ever played. Let me say that I first started the game, got some clothes made, simple weapons and then had a run in with a group of guys that even when shouting ""friendly, Friendly"" they all laugh and run you down and take your stuff. After that i literally logged about 18hrs of gameplay in one day. I met a few friends who helped me establish a small base near theres, had protection and friends.If you are looking to just play a survival game and not have to deal with anyone coming after you, this is not the game for you. I seriously get VERY aggrevated when i have over 100+ resources and some a** hole comes along with a rifle and shoots you, takes all your stuff and you now have 0 resources.All in all this game is great, a few tips---------Find friends, Use your Mic!, be wary of the ""wipes"" that occur every so often. and most of all......SURVIVE......."
76561198272166162,Recommended,393420,22156185,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,It Dat Wombat,"I am loving the game so far and am rly looking forward to the new updates the devs are doing great and r keeping great, keep up the good work!"
76561198280649602,Recommended,393420,22152434,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dragracer2302,how do you do single player if its in tags idk how? plz help me.
,Recommended,393420,21873344,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ninjai,"It's good not as good as ark or rust but it's addicting as hell and it doesn't take as long to get going like in the others.  Also there are some newer mechanics in this survival game that I haven't seen before that make more survival sense.  Shoes add to your speed etc.  The game you wanted to play with your buddies when you were playing make believe, i.e. building forts and shooting each other XD"
,Recommended,393420,22024368,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Pimp of Babylon,"- Really great concept- Balanced PVE/PVP- Different biomes with dynamic temperature/weather system- Although the red jacket shields you from the cold storms, you will get soaked and freeze to death if you decide to try your luck with the rain without using proper cover- Building works good and your bases are generally safer than in other similar games- The FPS view and feel is very smooth.- Recommend to change to 106° FOV for 16:9.- Servers with different wipe-schedules, included infinity- The directional voice system works great- Game client is really nicely optimized compared to other games based on Unity5.- Graphics are smooth looking- Framerate always stable- No gamecrashes- Nice atmosphere and lightning- Servers can tend to lag when theres around 60 players online and♥♥♥♥♥♥is going downI've been playing different games of similar kind, and I really recommend Hurtworld. This still being an early-access game, it can scale into something great."
76561198099777778,Not Recommended,393420,19726690,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,barry,♥♥♥♥♥game.Unrealistic and extremly buggy. Just build a campfire for not freezing to death and freezed to death anyway.Making a Bow takes 50 tree.....The Long Dark is 10 times better even its a solo game.
76561198159692322,Recommended,393420,22820930,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ScarfaceNaruto,Fun game
,Recommended,393420,22364966,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Sagea,"Update 29/04/16 (RECOMMENDED)The last update really added a ton of building features to the game. They addressed a few major bugs in the game, not 100% fixing them all, but close enough. I would recommend this game to anyone who really likes the idea of building a baes and struggling for resources against rival players and clans. If the deverlopers can push major patches like this through every two months, the game remains fresh, throughout multiple server wipes.Previous Post: 13/03/16 (NOT RECOMMENDED)I've put 800 hours into this game. It has huge potential. At the current development rate I'm seeing from the devs, come back in a year. At least. If they are still seriously trying to take the game out of Alpha, it should be worth the money then. Unless you are seriously interesting in survival base building games, give this a miss for now."
,Recommended,393420,20335152,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SuperDank,"HURTWOLD looks like a TF2 game!! YAY!So excited about this game I got a server for a whole year! Join up! Located in Texas for everyone in the USA.NEW SERVER JAN 02, 2016216.245.203.58:12881This game has potential. Compared to other popular survival games, this one runs smooth. Our server has cool mods, like a survival kit and a map you can share location with others.Join the SuperDank Gaming Group and team up with us!!!  WAKE AND BAKE + HURTWORLD + SUPERDANK  = YAY!http://steamcommunity.com/groups/SuperDankGamingHurtWorld YouTube Playlist - RAW LIVE GAMEPLAY VIDEOhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-NZfMvNhuo&list=PLdQ84GR73FDFc23f90XotUIOgPNC2jqzJPROS: TOO MUCH FUN. No a-holes in our server. You get to drive around shooting people or game hunt.CONS!Can't bind my mouse to keys. Please fix! Can't poop and throw at people :PI will add more info later. Add me to your friends list."
,Recommended,393420,22577749,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,nehpets,"After like a good 50 hours logged into this game (and hopefully more) i can say that if you like cute graphics, badass cars and quads, shotguns and assault rifles, yetis, wierd posion shooting things, and a ton more, (also house building is pretty cool) that this is the right game for you. You start off on the desert floor and work your way up, you get your tools and then start exploring. you come across a road and then start to go down it, you take the left way and come across what seems to be a scrapyard, there are a ton of houses around and you wonder if this is a good time to explore. You do it anyways and when you reach a shipment crate you look in. Bullets, that you do not need right now, once youre done with the shipment yard you make your way back to collect more resources then youre shot in the head by an AR and you just like uh quit the server. (good game!)"
76561198179868698,Not Recommended,393420,20514853,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,OneMagicalWizard,"EDIT:  I'm doing a 180 on this game.  I had previously given this game a thumbs up, but now it's definitly a thumbs down, mostly for one reason - you can buy your way to anything in this game.  There are servers where you can buy with USD anything you want, and people actually do it.  We've had our base destroyed now several times by players who just purchase C4 off the online stores.This game is just like any other game these days.  Spare yourself the hours."
76561198154285412,Recommended,393420,20391438,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Muffin,Recommend to any hardcore or casual survival gamers!!!
,Recommended,393420,21108630,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Crocodile Dundee,Really good survival game with a fun PVP balance. Just don't trust anyone that says they are friendly.
76561198248648782,Recommended,393420,21093813,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,paladinsmob,THIS GAME IS VAREY FUN BUT DONT PLAY IF YOU GET ANGRY REALLY EASLY BECAUSE THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU THROW YOU PC SCREEN OUT THE WINDOW
,Recommended,393420,20356989,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,AlphA,does not have stairs but over all a good game but also very hard to get c4 please make it easyer and add more guns and attachments for guns
,Recommended,393420,20982052,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pickle Fish,"Overall Fun Game! Could use some optimization and bug fixes but, with new content being added every 2 weeks or so it is expected!"
,Recommended,393420,20976215,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,GrapePlatypus,"This is a dumbed down version of rust which isnt bad so you dont need a beefy comp to run on max settings, and the community is better"
,Recommended,393420,20998714,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Koo,Where is the Single Player mode on this game?
,Recommended,393420,20996767,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,B U F F z,I Love the toon style graphics it's pretty similar to rust so if you enjoy rust you should enjoy this
76561198190957043,Recommended,393420,20381825,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SpinFire,"This game is addicting and very fun to play & Survive although we do need More basebuilding, Crafting, and the game should run alot better then it does for being a low poly game, Needs Optimizations and more performance & graphics Settings needed for best fps on low end pc's/ Labtops."
,Recommended,393420,21074961,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TOBETM,"But its still laggy, and i crash sometimes if i join a server."
76561198268271382,Recommended,393420,21126218,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,[BLU] BulletBill,this is a good game but I had a bit of lag
,Recommended,393420,21182647,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,HaloXaius,Meh
76561198214642477,Recommended,393420,21141921,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,quarterwhite,fun with a friend
76561197985061648,Recommended,393420,21223927,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Cookie Monster,Certain game mechanics are annoying. But not deal breakers. Overall a really good game.
,Recommended,393420,21124899,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,k0be,11/10 for teh airhump
76561198079939742,Recommended,393420,21175647,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Anna Bell Peaks,"This game is pretty awesome , the combat is simple the building part could use a little tweaking but its still pretty good. I only wish they wont abandon it like so many other early acces games . Easy to learn, fun to play. Anyone who loves survival games will like this one. I recommend it for everybody."
76561198245876778,Recommended,393420,21179151,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,hollymegagames [cm],this game is ver challenging of you guys should buy spencer one thing plzz allow to take off our tires man my is broken because of the engine but guy buy this its very fun on stuff
76561198181538589,Recommended,393420,21202043,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,777 cs.money,2000000000000/10
,Recommended,393420,19755347,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,mclutched,10/10 someone made the wall of china arounda base i spent 3 hours making but know its virtually unraidable. gotta love brain dead russians.
,Recommended,393420,19755915,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,zergaholic,Yes
76561198152386018,Recommended,393420,19756038,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Cat,hi hehe..this game is very good.. play in a good server with admin on.. :)9/10 *********
,Recommended,393420,19865530,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,VapinDave,Seems alot like vanilla Rust and that my friends is a feat on its own.  This games future lies soley in the hands of the Devs.  If they can stop cheaters and keep the hotfixes coming.  This will be one of the great hard core survival games!!  8/10 imo
,Not Recommended,393420,19891264,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,EthanThePope,Warning: Games fps lags so bad that you think your PC is a potato. This is the only game out of all of mine that lag so bad that they are unplayable. So if you have a potato PC dont get this game.
,Recommended,393420,19900678,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cynical,10/10 good game..
76561198052331774,Recommended,393420,20203083,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,noobschoolbus96,"Simple graphics, simple and rewarding resourse system, solid fps mechanics, large enough map to avoid the more infamous members of the community. Good buy, ty"
76561197968916710,Not Recommended,393420,20214759,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BUSTA,Is there a world where i dont get hurt?Bloody hell
,Recommended,393420,20215958,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WixZ,It's kind of like Rust had sex with Mad Max and Team Fortress 2.Didn't you read what i said?STOP READING THIS AND BUY IT ALREADY!
76561198150144191,Recommended,393420,20204837,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheOneWhoWatches,HEY GUYS great game one problem is lag but i know its a beta but it would be nice if u could fix that thx and again awsome game hope it gets bigger in sucess
76561198082376488,Recommended,393420,20198777,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Genocidal Thoughts or Actions,"I bought this game a few days ago at the time of this review and I have to say that it is a lot of fun!To an outsider, this game looks like another EA multiplayer survival games. And truth be told - it is. However, this game has a brighter future ahead of it than other games like Rust (it has been EA for 2 years now!).First off, the developers seem like they know what they are doing with this game.  They have focus on it being more hardcore and the PvE as well as the PvP aspects of the game. Unlike Rust's development team who seem to not really know what they are doing (robots?).If this game seems a little too barebones to you - you are right. It does need more features to become more interesting. But if you want to play a bit of it now, go right ahead! It's really fun and addicting once you find friends, and the community (for the most part) seems to be rather friendly all things considered.I highly recommend this game and I hope the developers make this one of the greatest survival multiplayer games!"
,Recommended,393420,20222312,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Twitch/Zephtonlekarr,"Well currently I am at about 60 hours in playtime. Each day i try to learn something new and I find it is a fun game.When I started the game I remember not knowing what to do, and I started freezing to death. Ran into 2 other people and we worked together. at least till we got lost from each other.After awhile the enviroment will be trivial and easy to avoid death (unless you don't care if you die). The biggest threat in this game are other players (unless you pick a PvE server). I suck at the pvp in this game, I am not sure if its lag, or poor response times or a combination of both lol.  Either way I still enjoy the game. Even after getting killed by another player when only 300M away from my house after just using 15 dynamite on farming 3kM away from my house lol.Things I would like to see change in this game(as this is early access so I am hoping we will some improvements, specially for a non free to play game.1. BGM ... add some music or something. Right now I have to go put on music while I play, the world is just too quiet lol2. More creature types, hell maybe even add in NPC human camps or something (could be defensive surviver groups or roaming barbarians)3. Make all animals drop meat no matter what.  Nothing more annoying than trying to get some food and every creature you kill only has leather or tendons on them lol4. Fix the official servers lol, when I play on a server with 50 ping I expect it to work ... last night I couldn't even be bothered to play...couldnt walk more than 3 or 4 steps without rubber banding. I think they should implement an auto block on anyone with a high ping."
,Recommended,393420,20225728,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Soviet | Getting new PC cant pla,"This game is fantastic, the graphics are nice, the crafting is smooth and everything else is great. If you have played Rust it will remind you of that alot infact it's pretty similar. There is some down points about this game however... If you find a car and two people get in it about 2 minutes later the passenger will teleport out and the driver will see you as invisible and you can't see the driver, but it's and easy fix just press ""E"" everytime and you will teleport right back. I have played abit of this and i can tell you it's really good but keep in mind it's only in Alpha. These is alot of animals/monsters that will try to kill you, but you have a variety or weapons that are melee weapons or ranged,You should buy this."
,Recommended,393420,20308338,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,yalz,good
,Recommended,393420,20308360,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Agwilhelm03,"I bought this game on the steam sale, just saying it would be way better if it wasn't so Laggy and slow I have a Alienware so I didn't expect it to lag. Besides that its really fun but I've hardly played cause it's so laggy."
,Recommended,393420,20375474,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ðß^Coopєя,"Nice Game, I Love It."
76561197995179379,Recommended,393420,20359302,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,dumb.boy,"Super Funn game , I really do love this game , new rust maybe ? YES !"
,Recommended,393420,20387407,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,OhNeal,Great Game!!! Of course there may be some bugs saying it is still in Alpha. The more and more this game devlops the more excite I get to play it. I hope you will take your time to invest in this great hardcore survival game!
,Recommended,393420,20360351,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Derp,Good Australian Simulator mate
76561197987422588,Not Recommended,393420,20382877,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Calm,"For a cartoonish look it does run quite bad. Everywhere you look theres someones base.Bases look all the same. Map looks the same. Just running around, collecting sticks and stones.After an hour i felt really bored. Got a refund."
,Recommended,393420,20373867,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Papa Jarad,I love running about as Bear Grylls to then be shot down to someone wearing sasquatch armour with a french beret on their head. Very good game
,Recommended,393420,20259828,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Damien,"Although the game is fun during the first of second run. You quickly find out that the entire game is just a grind of collecting resources and food. Once you reach top tier items the gameplay shifts from out and collecting resources to PvP and sitting in your base looking for something to do with all your stuff. PvP in this game is a little unbalanced as some guns are better than others, ammo is too cheap to make causing people with guns willing to kill new spawns because they have the materials to do so all the time. AI in this game is pretty well designed, but not threatning enough once you reach top tier items. Cars are definitely a good feature in the game, because it's an extra step from having good gear to really having good gear. Although they're easy to steal from other people that's fine, because it gives people with low end gear to gain high end gear from other players. The physics with the cars are very fun to play around with and really have no downside, because throughout my time of flipping cars around I have never broken the car or any car parts. Lastly I'd like to cover end game as survival games tend to fail at. This game is a grindfest throughout the whole experience until end game gear. Once you reach that level you have nothing to do else but kill other people. The developers expect people to fight other people just because they can and some do, but there's no point because they won't get anymore gear that they want. Getting C4 is a very frustrating process and is too weak so if you actually successfully raid a base with C4 you won't get anymore in return, because most people protect their bases with multiple layers and walls. I would rate this game a 7/10 for now at the state it is at currently, because it's very addictive and fun for awhile atleast."
,Recommended,393420,20423862,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DrGajo,"Awesome game, but lacks PVE servers... =/"
76561198224715172,Recommended,393420,20054234,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Galaxyy,"I've barely played this game but so far it's amazing!The only problem so far is the FPS lag... I get no FPS lag on counter strike and other games, but for some reason I lag a lot on this one. (I have an average PC) Anyway, hopefully the devs will fix this. Overall great game!pls fix lag tho i <3 this game but way to laggy"
,Recommended,393420,20422515,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Onuerogue,Amazing... simply amazing.
,Recommended,393420,20336368,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Big Rice,Don't you just love it when the pigs are boxes and your progress gets wiped every dayCons:-The french are too strong-The french kill on sight-Pigs are boxesPros:-Pigs are boxes
,Recommended,393420,20428452,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Traybair,Fun game. Constant 60fps (3570k/770).  Price is a little steep. I give it a solid 5/7.
,Recommended,393420,20420224,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Toffer,"I was waiting to see how the devs responded to some exploits before I could recommend. The had a hotfix for exploits in three days. Buy it, play it."
,Recommended,393420,20430928,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Devren,"Hmm, this is  a bit harder of a review.The game is decent.I love that its harder then rust in many ways.But sadly it just doesn't compair to rust.So if your going to buy one game, buy rust. BUTif you already have rust and need something a bit different then buy this too.Though honestly I would probably still say just take a break and play rust again.The game is still in early access so maybe it will get better.But right now ya not really loving it.The vehicles are cool to have, I will say that is a plus over rust.I am going to recommend this game, simply becasue the game is decent and has its plusses but seriously buy rust first"
76561198170130785,Recommended,393420,20429023,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SpiritCanSpook,Great game love it
,Recommended,393420,20433021,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,(TH-RO) Murph^lawl,Great game
,Recommended,393420,20391804,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Wikkett,"Love this game!  Haven’t spent this much time this quickly in a game since I started Eve Online or Guild Wars 2.  I’ve played very few competitive survival games but Hurtworld really hooked me.  For an early access game it’s surprisingly well done, big props to the developers.Since the game is in early alpha I will not harp on many cons for this early release.  Only real gripe is lag and rubberbanding once a server gets some age on it and lots of player built structures.  Otherwise very smooth running game. The only other issue I’ve found is vehicles are very glitchy.  Driving a car one minute then suddenly you get ejected from the car and the vehicle disappears only to reappear 50 meters in front of you.  I’m sure this will all be worked out as the development team optimizes their code.Now for the pros.-graphics low poly cell shading, looks awesome and not very taxing on lower end systems-crafting is not overly complex but makes you do some work early on, I expect they’ll iterate continually on this as the game gets some age-multiple biomes each with their own unique challenges-vehicles are awesome (now trying to find the parts to build one can be maddening on a vanilla server)-NPC creatures will kill you if you’re not careful, this is a good thing.  Killing three guys in 3v1 fight only to get sniped by the bor… priceless!-building, this can really become a time sink if you’re not careful, you can really build some intricate bases with the few tools we have available at the moment-the development team, these guys listen to the community and you get a real sense that they are working their asses off trying to get it rightBefore you buy keep in mind this is early access.  There will be wipes and you’ll lose all your progress.  There will be glitches and stuff will break. Think of it this way you’ll be able to start over and not make the same mistakes you made before. If you can live with that jump in it’s been the best $20 I’ve spent in a long time.  If you do decide to play I highly suggest one of the official servers or a community vanilla server.  The servers with kits and increased loot drop rate take away a huge part of the survival struggle of the game.  The game is best in it’s vanilla offering.  There are other titles to choose if you're looking for quick FPS or third person shooters.So, what are you waiting for… click buy!your pal, wikkett"
,Recommended,393420,20389948,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Born2Fly72,"My first review so here it goes:The first 60 minutes were equivalent to getting a root canal! Every time I thought I was getting the hang of it, some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥canoe would come kill me for no apparent reason (why I thought I opted to go with this game versus RUST. To make a LONG story short…I found a decent server with no one on it and met up with a really good guy that basically helped me out a TON! Which leads me to my Pros-Cons of the review.Pro’s – It’s just as advertised. All about survival.Graphics are decent for what the foundation of the game is all about.Seems to be a few Holes in this game as with any but all in all its been pretty decent.Con’s – A one man Army is tough. Grab a buddy or make a friend…..FAST!Seems like days last 2 minutes and nights last 2 hours. Gather, gather, gather!Suggestions- Id like to see the ability to create shelter a little earlier than what I found to be the case. Id also like to see a some longer times before you need to build a fire or eat! It sort of ruins having a free roaming world when you spend 100% of the time trying to eat or stay warm. I also feel that once you “do” craft clothing…..its not too noticeable."
76561198085560247,Recommended,393420,20414091,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DarkBinded,Buy the game no questions asked(its my favorite game)
,Recommended,393420,20286891,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Soprano C,"Great Game Develpoers, which awnser fast! Game it self is great!!"
,Recommended,393420,20296319,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jeloń,The best game for ever.
,Recommended,393420,20296272,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FirstaidkiT90,"I really <3 that game. Day when i stole the car from someone was awesome. Play solo is quite difficult but atleast with one friend do more easier. I really reccomend  game with awesome graphics & great optimization. I wait for more stuff, new updates as soon as possible.P.S Keep up the great work!Regards, kit"
,Recommended,393420,20309071,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,2539,dis gam is vry gud. many many wood. 10/10 would......bang
76561198174706166,Not Recommended,393420,20310073,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,太湖西路车神,s
76561197970578124,Recommended,393420,20300798,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Darkmonkeyboy,"hhhmmmm, anyone who enjoys these sort of games will find this another good addition to thier library. However its more for people who play with friends or you will get destroyed playing by yourself. Played for 2 hours and people on every server kill on site, and have huge bases established allowing you to not progress at all. Takes hours to get somewhere only for someone to come up and kill you and you must start again.Minutes ago people come up to me and said friendly, they then decided to kill me and take all my things in seconds. Trust no one, kill everyone and keep your distance. Not for me untill they wipe all server progress."
76561198090388192,Recommended,393420,20259282,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,cf3102,"Pretty Cool game, just not worth $24 if you play alone, seems like a great co-op game. Very pretty graphics if your into the cellshading (borderlands)."
76561198166497716,Not Recommended,393420,21958890,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dotguy18,"Great Game! Fun to play when the sever wipe happen since we are all on even terms at that point! Then gets harder because of how big players bases get and how far advance they are along.Bug Issue:Cant use my keyboard or mouse when I load into game, so I have to close game and restart over again.5/10"
76561197987269954,Recommended,393420,23860296,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,NasenNina,My Hurtworld lifeMe joining the serverMe getting killed all the time short after spawningMe looting stuff slowlyMe building a baseMe helping some random guyHe is building near meMe farming a lotMe building my first rifleMe want to go to snow area to farmMe go out of the houseMe got shot instantly by my friend10/10 would help guys again
76561198212217055,Not Recommended,393420,23933505,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Carrot Top,I feel like this game doesnt have to much to offer. Sure you can flip people off but other than that its just a normal survival game. 20 bucks down the drain.
,Recommended,393420,23973770,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,xXRoboTronXx,This game isn't so hard when you get the hang of it. But I like it. It doesn't require a beefy computer like for Ark.  Although the combat isn't to well in this game. I recommend it.
,Recommended,393420,23852694,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,OmegaTigBitties,"I've had this games for three days and I have 21 hours played. I've been set back plenty of times but I've still had fun getting to where I am, once you get a friend it will be easier and more fun. I love this game."
,Recommended,393420,23841607,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nimas,i like it
76561198153195186,Recommended,393420,23859619,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Athora,"This is game is awesome. Imagine Rust with No Man's Sky graphics. Added with cars and quads! Its a winner. The down side is that it can become boring in about 3 weeks of gameplay, but due to the game adding weekly updates, youll find yourself hoping right back on it!"
,Recommended,393420,23849636,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Boxxy,-Plays for an hour-Get killed by some Sombrero bandits-Get some good playing in-Get my first kill-Kicked for high ping-Says I combat logged
76561198268071856,Recommended,393420,23864708,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tokyo丶333,"This game is pretty good, that is, cards, playing a suit is also easy to be attacked. No new tricks, no new weapons, new cars, etc.. Strongly require the author to update!!!!!"
76561198172407182,Recommended,393420,24061066,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Evkono,Good
76561198263030586,Recommended,393420,24892697,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Zeb of Zeb,"I love this game. I saw the video, heard the intro music, and was intrigued. After reading more of the description, I bought it, because I loved the idea of playing a game with this content...which I want more of. The developers are currently testing a motocycle for addition...and other things...more hats and hairstyles...I'm eager to see what they do with electricity and resource pipes.They MUST add random map generation. DO NOT keep me stuck on the same preset official or modder maps forever! Randomly generating the maps gives more unknown and results in a need to re-explore the world composed of the parts it is made of...PLEASE, make the living trees choppable using higher tier tools!Also, I want to have a hang glider."
,Recommended,393420,24893128,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,HalfDam,It's a mix from Rust for the pvp and building styleand it's must be played step for step. one item permit you to make one otherMining is a main theme in this game!
76561198163168690,Recommended,393420,20770831,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SWIZLE™,Fun game. Just lacking in updates!
,Recommended,393420,20809525,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,motion_,gets kinda boring after the first wipe of a server but very fun
76561198206122892,Recommended,393420,21110733,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Donovan Johnson,I really love this game... if any one loves survival based games I would buy this game it really good for people that really enjoy the survival games
76561198120548392,Recommended,393420,21112717,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Smemes,"Pros:Graphics make it feel like a game and not some ""Try hard - have to survive"" kind of gameMinimum server lag (from my own experiences)Challenging yet not too difficultEnd game actually takes work and time to get to but isn't drawn out and boring in the process.Understandable voice chatAdds its own touch from the other open-world multiplayer survival games which makes it feel unique and interestingGREAT sight distance. I don't know how many games are like this but you can build way high up in the mountains and (with the help of a decent gaming computer) can see people running around from what seems like MILES away.Open world feels OPEN. Very secluded at some areas, almost like a single-player game, until you see someone in the distance..Just an over all really nice feeling to the game.Cons:Unfortunately there are still the kids you see/hear about in Rust and H1Z1 that are there just to kill you on sight and toannoy you at your door.Heat stroke's distance of effect is way too far. Most of the time you have to turn your fire off even though it's on the other side or your house.Cant' move Totems. (The reason for this might be a debate so I'll just leave it as my own opinion).Animals can be a bit glitchy sometimes. (i.e., When you shoot them they sometimes are stuck there and undying, or they spawn a few feet away and chase you. Nothing too serious.)Honestly I couldn't think of anymore cons. The game is really quite amazing for a Early Access, Open-World, Multiplayer Steam game. If you're looking for a true Multiplayer, Open-World survival game to play with friends or even alone, this is definitely the game to buy. There aren't many pros because this game is something you really have to experience, it's that good in my opinion. The cons are very general and Early Access games are normally subjected to those cons.I feel like they'll fix most of the cons I have listed in the up coming updates. I absolutely recommened this game to anyone thinking about buying it, especially while it's on sale."
,Recommended,393420,20001129,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Koff,"Very good game , she has a good future . Those who think whether to buy it , the answer is obvious - take it ! Despite the lag and sagging, the game is just gorgeous and the developers really come up with something new ."
,Recommended,393420,20001891,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,malga.,As good as Rust Legacy.
76561198137638813,Not Recommended,393420,20015475,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,minerboy528,"i cannot get into the game  itself. when i try to play it, i open up and crashes. i hop it works soon i think it will be a good game"
76561198158402761,Recommended,393420,19859797,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Phoenixvip,i cant log in it just keep loding and loding at the screan were i can hit options so i am un able to play it but i hop it will be fixed so i can play
,Recommended,393420,19863739,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,✪ taujin,"The survival aspect of this game is in tact. Hope to see more ways to hinder our survival in Hurtworld.Also, C4 is not easy to make, unlike other games."
76561198164560337,Not Recommended,393420,19863899,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,jack,"Its not what I expected. I see a game of people starting off with nothing. Making nature there only option. But the problem is, some people already have op stuff and kill the noobs quite fast. I would not reccomend this game to anyone who is bad at these type of games, including rust, Ark Survival, H1Z1, etc."
,Recommended,393420,19868556,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Uncle Tom,I need a Dedicated server tool.... The BS I am going through to make a server is♥♥♥♥♥and I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it.
,Recommended,393420,19872583,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ШПЭРА 8∞8 ПРОБЭРА,"Pretty nice game, but there is need to make a lot of updates, at least need to add some maps. A bit annoing to play only one map."
76561198212410789,Recommended,393420,19872982,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Phantom,this game is great it hs lots of action athe servers are fun.i would buy this  game if you like open world survivle and pvp lots of it.
76561198175947995,Recommended,393420,19857519,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pachoł,"Cool game,funky,with humor. Has some glitches and needs minor fixes such as idoubling items were getting form harvesting but it's ok.This game took what was best in rust and dayz,we find stuff on the ground like in dayz and have derpy stuff like in rust.It's a balance between super realism and pure fun in games,and it should stay like that.Minuses:-More weapons-No spawn protection for fresh spawnsPluses:-Will run on a toster-Funky graphics-One species of animal (goat) which is funny,at least for me-Simple and fast gameplay-No zmobies or any of that crapMy personal opinion is that it should stay like it is now in case of graphics and gameplay.I would add things mentioned in minuses and at the beggining. It's definetly worth the money."
76561198155556024,Recommended,393420,19858016,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,soulus(ソウル),man..... i need to make freinds
,Recommended,393420,19858187,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Bushido York,Not a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing killed some noobs with a dink to the head... gg bois gib th pussi pls now
76561198197504446,Not Recommended,393420,19556701,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,traitor,there is a spawn limit on car parts..c4 is too hard to make..no one can have cars but the people who hord it all.
,Recommended,393420,19862666,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Subrutum,If you like survival FPS with a focus on PvE then this is the game you're looking for. (no solo play though)
,Recommended,393420,19856249,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,KOmBAINERA [GoD WiTh AWP],"The game is cool ,but its so hard. If you play solo its so boring but when u play with your friends its really really cool. The people in the servers are friendly. If u search a game where u can survive with your friends this is your game."
,Recommended,393420,19860538,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GOD Falladis,"Simply amazing, Rust is simlar but both have their own advantages."
76561198176217693,Recommended,393420,19860971,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,KINGTINY93,all i want from this game is a pve server and a single player world so you can try it before getting you♥♥♥♥♥kick by every player on the dam server plz make a single player or a PVE server make some of your game friendly not just die over and over and over the drives people away like me i like to help and play on friendly server and make a crafting guid once i see a bit of change ill right a new review about the game but for now its ok if you like pvp only servers then this game is for you
76561198068154874,Recommended,393420,19859183,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,AciidRaiin,8/10 TGN
,Recommended,393420,19861788,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kernal #Bacon,"Game is amazing, I was turned off by the cartoon look at first, but then after playing it I fell in love. For a game that is this new, they surely have a lot of great features. Rust took two years to get to this point and still undelivers compared to Hurtworld."
76561198045605636,Recommended,393420,20961115,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Civility,The Chinese rule everything.
,Recommended,393420,21248339,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dios,"It is a very good game, it still needs more content though."
,Recommended,393420,20826218,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Hauwnted,"A must play, amazing game with a crew."
,Recommended,393420,20797019,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Lil G✅,Never trust anyone. They will always betray you. Pretty fun game.
,Not Recommended,393420,21306370,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ANTIFA Jeade,"Hurtworld, while being in Alpha, runs phenomenally well. Gameplay is smooth with minor kinks being worked out every couple weeks. The devs are very responsive to community feedback while not bending to the whims of upset tweens who seem to believe their opinions are weighted more heavily than others, and battlemu1e (a member of the dev team) has hopped into Official servers recently asking for player feedback and help addressing current latency issues in isolated zones. Each week, expect a dev blog where the developers outline what they've been busy with during the workweek and plan to implement soon.Great dev team, great game, and a mostly friendly community. I can see my free time dwindling away for months and months to come. 10/10. Join the fun!Edit as of April 6, 2016:Where do we start? It seems /r/Hurtworld is the best place. The developers abandoned their subreddit roughly a month ago after a number of upset teens posted mean things to them. It seems they've also mostly abandoned the Steam forums, not to mention their Facebook and Twitter. The developers' interaction with the community has come to a screeching halt, Official servers rarely see more than 10 people online at any given moment, there hasn't been a content update in over two months, and, just a few days ago, when the Official EU West server went down, it took them two full days to reboot it.I had a huge amount of trust in the developers at first, but that's mostly all out the window. Not to say Hurtworld doesn't run smoothly and play well (it does), but I'd strongly recommend holding on to your cash before eagerly  handing it to Bankroll. Give it a few months and check back. Perhaps an update will show up before too long, but this EA game is developing too slowly even for the most patient of us. And trust me, we've been patient."
,Recommended,393420,22030161,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ho Lee Fuk,Best Survival Game I Have ever bought! 5/5 Stars! The Graphics are sooo smooth and clean! The game is worth every singe penny! Get the game now.
76561198084607013,Recommended,393420,19831694,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BOT Trizzy,"""Get ready to rubberband Like ♥♥♥♥! There's not a miniute I can't run without my character lagging back and fourth. The game is good but I don't recommend it at this stage because of how buggy it is. Makes the game unplayable.""EDITAlright I'm starting to see good changes now and the game lags a bit still but not as much as it used to be! Message me if you wanna play together on a server! I have skype also."
76561198216337368,Recommended,393420,21963128,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Shreck,best game eva
12321354435457645,Recommended,393420,22026595,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,xanezz / dinosowerdick.com,very fun to play with friends and♥♥♥♥♥♥s in by♥♥♥♥♥when i ♥♥♥♥ the asslomuie QJonåg<sfxnyho SF>j boi<js nohjø<sd hoighNSOØDgnkjSdvvetkwopietjåwijgåoi<jhpo<jasdfhm<poshpo<sfdmohfdh<njo<pdfhpodf<hjfzopihjo<åfkh¨p<lf¨hdffdhfdhdfhhdf
76561198068420695,Not Recommended,393420,21974222,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/dudewist2,Absolutly FILLED with speed hackers that just run around main spawn and kill freshies very hard to get started
76561198117407384,Recommended,393420,22172884,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,GRocket1020,"Okay first off i'd recommend this game to anybody! The game is very hardcore as it says in the description, but I LOVE it. I bought it a couple days ago and i've already put 15 hours into it. the crafting is super simple, and the combat is on point. the lag is to the minimum its alot better than rust, but you still lose some FPS when you go in the towns but that doesn't bother me at all. Anyways, if your looking for a simple crafting mechanic and a hardcore survival type game than this is the game for you!!(Oh! and by the way this game is still in Early Access, and with this much to offer now! imagine what the full games gonna be like!!!)"
76561198129727827,Recommended,393420,21927463,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Seb The Pleb,Great game- met an american- he let me in his car and drove me away from danger- he didnt really trust me- i got some stuff from him- we formed a team- so far nearly the best pair on the server with all the materials and guns- he now trusts me fullyBest game 420/10fully recommend worth 18.99
76561198163492824,Recommended,393420,22561555,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Resonove,this game is so fun and its intense! I cant wait for the future updates for this game
,Recommended,393420,22620089,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cumichi,Not bad but needs atmosphere and more sounds
76561198183403861,Recommended,393420,22618196,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Astral,"Personally think this game is really good, yes there are people who are full of salt but hey, every game has asshats."
76561198022481389,Recommended,393420,20183854,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lapinator,"Good game, worth 18€.Needs some content updates tough (after anti glitch/hack and servers updates)"
76561198151191606,Not Recommended,393420,21640722,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GoldBall,Office Server is not good. ♥♥♥♥ing Ping Control.I play Game 8 times. But 7 times Ping error. What the ♥♥♥♥ is that?Quickly Fix Server.
,Recommended,393420,19889307,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Irregularblob,"> Me and friend just spawned into our first game>Walking around picking up sticks and sh*t>suddenly a guy walks up, naked, except for a cowboy hat and a rifle> ""Hey *Points gun*, Got any amber for me?""> Us: ""No""> ""What about tree bark""> Us: ""uuuh...no""> ""You guys new?""> Us: ""Yeah why""> ""I want you guys to remember something""> Us: ""Okay what""> ""The Names Hairy jeff"">  Us: ""Okay why do we want to remember that""> Hairy Jeff: "" Cause i'm a f**king savage.""> *Shoots us both in the head*11/10 would get shot by naked cowboy named Hairy Jeff again♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s roam this place just like Rust. If you want to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and love getting ♥♥♥♥ed up for no reason by endgame people than this is your game"
,Recommended,393420,21558090,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,sans,虽然还在早期开发，但是整体做的很好，优点：1.地图大的吓哭2.即使发展到后期也可能被一只猩猩追的漫天跑3.优化做的好4.需要谨慎的选择家的位置，否则会很亏可以享受偷家的乐趣，如果家的位置选不好可以偷偷进去拿了东西就跑，也可能被困在里面缺点：1.后期单指虐前期萌新，导致前期的新人需要花好长时间才能发展起来2.BUG不少，可以用工作台或者车卡山里，3.摔落伤害的判定不是距离上，而是滞空时间，假设，假设啊，在这个游戏里，我们操作老汉做出一个360°转体两周半，虽然可能只跳起了1M，但是由于滞空时间太长，直接摔死。妈妈说“我写作文不会写结尾，结果写评测我还是不会
76561198032067926,Recommended,393420,25440621,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Corvus,Vehicles are making the game great. And Giving potential. But Crafting System needs a revamp.
,Recommended,393420,25341226,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Do u mind to SHUT THE FUCK UP?!!,"Great Game, shame that the developers of the game take to long to uptade the game"
76561198230358560,Recommended,393420,25337744,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lump Dump csgoatse.com,"This game is really fun at first, has a great community and is worth the money. I played this game for a few months and started to have a lot of fun with it, however it does start to get boring because you lose things to do. i am hoping that this ganme will come out with a major updae because i hardly play it anymore it has ben prtty much the same since i bought it with only a few changes in texture and gameplay."
76561198073792678,Recommended,393420,19956465,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Buzzd2kill,"This game is awesome. Hopefully it goes in the direction it seems to already be headed. Bigger worlds with more of the same but in depth. And an endgame ""ish"" scenario or scenerios"" throughout the world would kick it off great. Good job so far, you have me waiting for more.Edit: This game is very stale ATM, has lost its fresh car smell. Fun for awhile."
76561198015540764,Recommended,393420,25368459,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zehnzen,"Great game, Spend a lot of my time on it when I first bought it.Discovered all there is to it now but the multiplayer is still interesting.One of the first EA games I have full confidence in that it'll reach a solid finished state with a LOT of content.Still following the weekly blogs so I can look forwards to item V2 release which, on release, I plan to play for the same amount of hours I've played up to now. Also gives you an idea of how developing a game generally works.Here's the link to their site and blogs so you can see they're still continueing to improve their game.http://hurtworld.com/Solid recommend so far."
76561198005098745,Not Recommended,393420,19745723,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Silver Classics`Godzilla Vanilla,Please fix the bug with beasts which are walking through the walls and throwing people through the walls as well
,Recommended,393420,19751396,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Masq,Kinda hard to get into but overall literally the best game I've ever played. Fk dayz and h1z1 and ark and all those trash games this one is God.
76561198095638158,Not Recommended,393420,19818177,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Commander Bacara,Its not fun :C I was excited to play it. Not worth the download
76561198201923077,Recommended,393420,19818818,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Drew h1z1.plus,Verry Good game it's BETA i think and it's verry good Game
76561198183705081,Recommended,393420,19819560,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[Cappo]corythereaper,damn i wish i chould run this ♥♥♥♥ing game but my laptop sucks it is pretty awsome so im going to give it a very big ♥♥♥♥ing thumbs and soon no very soon ill be abil to run oh for the very little time i played it it was very fun
76561198019901093,Recommended,393420,19820021,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Matt Mulvi,so good. this game is tough. map could be a bit bigger imo.
,Recommended,393420,19832751,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Pyntseli,I recommend this game for everyone who has the time and willing to gather resources and dodge axes
76561198131457775,Recommended,393420,19833024,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,xXNoMaDXx,this is a really cool version of rust but has its own differences very cool
,Recommended,393420,19819829,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,mix,kuso
,Recommended,393420,19824926,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,rogerEPSILON,"Hi everyone rogerEPSILON here.Guys this game is awsome. If you like games like RUST, H1Z1 or any other survival game this one is defo for you!!!The simplicity and ideas (solutions) in this game are above other games. Just remember this game is in ALPHA and there is(i hope) lots more to come. Because it is alpha i will not give any score to this game yet, however if you are in love with survival games this one will give you more then 100h of fun.EPSILON out."
,Recommended,393420,19845403,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Darlake,"One of the few survival games i bought and the best one yet, even in early acces it still delivers a good amount of content!"
76561198192374070,Not Recommended,393420,19843052,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cobra156,This game is very laggy and slowI would not recommend this game
76561198209506147,Recommended,393420,19830053,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Troligy,"Game is really fun, nice people if your new to it. Easy to learn hard to master."
,Recommended,393420,19830085,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Sampinator,"Hurtworld is a bit of a new take on the hardcore survival genre. I have played only a couple hours and still have quite a bit to see. For a SUPER early access game it is very optimized, the servers are a bit laggy but that should be fixed soon... Anyway I think this game has alot of promise and it looks like the devs really care. I love Rust legacy and this brings the nostalgic feeling back to me."
,Recommended,393420,19840341,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cysterian,"This is a good game. There are quite a few cons, but in the long run, it's worth a purchase."
,Recommended,393420,21256096,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SinfulSix,"This has got to be one of the best survival games out right now, It's a hardcore survival game. Don't think you will just join a server build a hut in 5 min's.   Nothing is given to you in hurtworld, and everything you build and the time you survive feels very rewarding! unlike some other survival games.From the PVE/Weather effects you so much in this game it's amazing. I feel like i have to bring food fire wood and make sure i'm dressed right before i head into the snow or the desert!"
,Recommended,393420,21282789,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Phoon,"This game is amazing in its own way, I love the survival ways of this game, its already great and all. But the developers see something wrong, and I hope they read this review and would acknowledge. This game is already very good! Please do not make the game harder in anyway possible, instead add more items and other maps. Recently there was updates to fuel up the stakes (people do still live a live, and does not have time to get on every 5 days to fuel up their stakes), and other stuff now this would probably scare of a lot of potential buyers. Now although all of those updates, I would still recommend this game, personally I like the graphics, and how the name is extremely related to the game, Hurtworld."
76561198027207940,Not Recommended,393420,21396763,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Something Good,"I found out that this was Rust Legacy.That I could get for the price of half of this game(rust is about 10 - 12).Then I realized the game had vehicles.That's basically the only plus.And I am now stuck with a game that is 80% rust 20% its own game.I wanted to play rust after dying to a mob of really bad bow boys.Then I died to bow boys in rust.Man it felt the same.If you are a rust fan like me, Don't Bother.If you dislike rust, then you also probably Don't Bother.But hey, if your asian and/or have a potato/wooden CPU, go for it.And no, The uninstall actually did not work.I had to manually uninstall it after I had 8 minutes extra, so I couldn't refund it.fml.Decide your games before they look the same.Please."
76561198195397895,Recommended,393420,21385888,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MN-Freddy S,Hurtworld is a awsome game. The sandstorms feel real and you really get the feeling of suvival. I highly recommend this game! :)
76561198202315325,Recommended,393420,21385940,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Ogórek,Wery nice game
76561198141130135,Recommended,393420,21488736,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,bonethief,i wish tey would add single player i mean i have a crappy pc and it would less laggy so just something to keep in mind game is sawsome
,Recommended,393420,21498786,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,fshow,"I do recommend this game, but as it is now, its a little short of content.. But i hope its coming ;)"
76561198047473949,Recommended,393420,20366684,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Rickstar,"This game is very good besides the cons its worth it i played it for abit and kept on getting killed so i made my own server and i love having my own server no one kill me and that the only problem i have with having my own server is a lack of wildlife but i don,t mind keep up the good work."
34568986545678909,Recommended,393420,20353404,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,PetWussy,Very Gud!
,Recommended,393420,20368365,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,The Crimson Chin | Hellcase.com,"very good , worth the money and time ."
76561197975837495,Recommended,393420,20364174,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CL1MBAT1Z3,"Was stalking a base owned by these 4 guys, hiding by their entrance observing their comings and goings. At last I decide to go for it and as one of them exits the front door I try to run inside. But I am too late and he manages to close the door in front of me. A frantic gunfight ensues. Both of us in a panic we manage to empty several magazines at point-blank range with our fully automatic rifles before I barely manage to kill him dead. As he is waiting to respawn he says softly over voicechat ""You are so dead...""I run back to my base to prepare for the assault and before long they besiege me, build some fortifications close to my entrance and take turns potshotting me through my windows. After a while of this they return home, no doubt planning further actions. A day goes by and I log in again only to find my base has been the victim of a failed c4 raid where they managed to blow up my stairs, barring their further progress into my magnificent fortress. From my roof I see their second attempt; a skybridge from which they were hoping to hop onto my unprotected roof. This too failed, but their skybridge is still there and it goes all the way up to my property line. I build my own skybridge over to it, jump on it, parkour my way on top of their walls and through unbelievable luck find a way into the center of their base.I take EVERYTHING: carparts, refined ores, guns, 10 drills and more. I open every door to the fortress, which I now own, and I leave a single drill running at the very top of their base. The server will wipe in 1 day, so now I'm logging in every once in a while just to see if they have noticed my incursion yet.This was pure satisfaction. Truly, the best thing in life is to crush your enemies and see them driven before you.Pros:- Resource gathering is pretty decent. Most things will not require an inordinate time investment to procure, but it still feels like an achievement when I upgrade my gear or expand my base.- I like the stylized graphics a lot, and it runs smoothly even on my non-game laptop.- Weather is fine. I've managed to hide from players in dust-storms more than once.- Simple yet rewarding crafting system.- Potentially thrilling encounter every time you run into another player. Slowly backing away with your gun trained on someone you ran into in the desert is fun because it feels like a genuinely risky situation.- Addictive gameplay.Cons:- Not enough content, but new content is apparently getting added quite frequently.- Official servers are laggy.- Resources spawn at fixed locations. If you live in a certain area, you will more than likely find yourself traversing the same old route again and again because you know where resources spawn.- On laggy servers resources take time to load, this is perhaps my biggest annoyance so far.- Raiding is very difficult because c4 takes a long time to get and it is very easy to build a base which would require a lot of c4 to breach, making raiding almost impossible against allmost all decent bases."
,Recommended,393420,19965130,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,konu,Definetly worth to buy! This game has so much to do and community is good!
,Recommended,393420,19792239,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Gobrox CSGO500 csgoroll.com,its naz.
76561198074190496,Recommended,393420,20553381,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sharkman,12/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a stampede of boar again
,Recommended,393420,20600094,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,sG | Fishy,Pretty fun for an alpha game and devs actually listen to the community
76561198058961222,Recommended,393420,20594737,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,It's always been about the music,"4 hours on record. Brazil server. Actually having a lot of fun, since this is my kind of game. I've encountered a few people (non aggressive) and I've seen that there are a couple of players driving around killing other new players. I would recommend it if you have the time to play it properly. The only CONS i'm encountering are a few glitches here and there but no deal-breakers. I hope more people join."
76561198127283640,Recommended,393420,20596093,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,sniperbuddy500,Ok guys I'm still going to give this a thumbs up bc it looks like a kool game but I'm going to say I have a pretty decent computer and it runs terrible for me idk what it is but its like ark when it first Kame out on my computer but if you have a really great computer I'm sure it'll run fine.
76561198065904014,Recommended,393420,20596169,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,⋐⊱ SRINC ⊰⋑,"I highly recommend this game because i can see what it will grow into. THis game reminds me of Rust, but in a cooler style (and no nudity)."
,Recommended,393420,20524805,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BigChurn,"As a casual console game, moving on to PC gaming was a big challenge. My main reason was the lack of sandbox/survival/mmos on consoles. This has been my best buy so far and i can say that this game will give you hours and hours of laughs and fun!"
76561198212795400,Recommended,393420,20530632,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,mrZ,this game is worth your money..its a fun crafting survival PvP game10/10
,Recommended,393420,20566560,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,"Damjan ""Peki"" Perc","Really cool game,its  already looks like a game that can get out of alpha :)"
76561198049038867,Recommended,393420,20577465,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kucing Lebah Imut,prepare to butthurt
76561198042173192,Recommended,393420,20019906,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Aehab,"This game has a community full of trolls and kids acting tough on the internet. However, having logged PLENTY of hours on it, I really do enjoy it. Get a few friends and have fun roleplaying as the Warboys from Mad Max: Fury Road."
,Recommended,393420,20046407,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,"Frankie ""The Wop""",I aprove
,Recommended,393420,20003734,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Leth,this game teaches me chinese better than rosetta stone
76561198041479265,Recommended,393420,20023870,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Graham,If you enjoy Rust Legacy you will enjoy this survival game.
76561198232121024,Recommended,393420,20054560,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nikolai Belinski,my PC quite sucks and i wanted rust i knew my pc would lag quite a bit on rust until i saw this game i like the style its very good it runs well a few bugs here and there but its REALLY GOOD heres what happened when it bugged i was shotting a bunny with my bow and i got a hit marker and i was thinking did i get a headshot on this bunny then i looked in chat and it said (the guys name i cant remember) killed by blockcraft i was thinking lol free kill lol i looked there was no body then iin chat he was like HACKER HACKER ILL REPORT YOU and i was scared because i didnt do anything but in the end it was really funny xD   tons of hours of fun really i never get tired of this game :)
76561198149752034,Recommended,393420,20069704,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ksmytty,it is pretty good but i think they should make it less like rust unless itss supposedto be an animated spoffish game of rust.I give it a 4/5 rating
,Not Recommended,393420,20029811,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,emceeee CSGO500,"Hurtworld was my 2nd attempt to get into the survival games after I have stopped playing ARK.The game offered a few better developed PvP-elements to stop decrease the cyberbullingfrustration at least a littlecompared to the well known ones like ARK, Rust, etc pp.I never reached the point to check those due to encoutering various errors I must admit in 20 years of gaming I neverhad chat which was so bugged that it simple refused to work.This sadly was just the top - various issues and the strange feeling that the small development team simply was fully overwhelmed by the success of Hurtworld. In general it might be no bad game but tbh if you like to play on an official server which is only 50 slots and you have to get really lucky to play your game you have paid for this isnt a fair deal.Despite the problems (I know its still EA) there are simple better games/EA-titles around for the ~ 20 EUR - its the same price range like ARK/Rust (with all those ongoing sales). Maybe the devs should have extended the closed Alpha to solve some major issues first so they dont need to wipe the servers every couple of weeks draining progress and fun or at least being able to offer more servers/more slots  on the existing servers so you can continue playing because you cant transfer your ""savegame"" to another if your regular one is simple full 247 at some degree.Maybe I will come back some day if some gamebreaking problems are solved - I even dont want to mention problems with hacks/cheats/exploit because those are nowadays pests we simple must learn to live with.If this game would have been EA free to play then I prolly wouldnt downvote it, you come here try around play some time and might continue playing another game but its not. I know the dev team might giving 150% but the Support takes way too long to solve issues due to its size.Conclusion : I sadly asked Steam for refund for the first time in nearly 12 years..."
,Recommended,393420,20026631,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jaraad,Hurtworld is what Rust should have been.- Much more enjoyable even when playing solo- Has decent amount of content for an EA- Runs more smoothly even on mid tier computers
,Recommended,393420,20094920,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Murreth,"This review was written 25 days after the game became available to the general public.I really love hurtworld so far, the developers and community are great and the game itself is both visually appealing and fun to play. It suffers from the same issues most early access games suffer from which is there isn't much to do after a certain point, but i'm really encouraged the developers are worknig toward making an SDK so people will be able to create their own mods. Also I love that people can host their own servers, something that the previous main game I played, H1Z1, didn't have to everyone (except griefers) continual frustration.I'd give Hurtworld a 9/10 at this stage of its development, and I'm very optimistic about where this game could go."
,Recommended,393420,20126195,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,★NoSS [NoMore],Good game
76561198141790389,Recommended,393420,20095803,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,why the fuck my pp hard,Good game its just not fun unless you have friends to play it with. If you don't have friend to play with its also harder to start.
,Recommended,393420,20076809,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hat,"One of the first survival games that I've been able to team up with people that I've met in-game, this game does a great job at giving an alternative to KOSing every single person you see. The infamy system is really cool, but it can somewhat be exploited if someone gets into your base and spawn kills you to milk you dry of everything you have. Then again, one of the members of my small group tried to betray me and take over the base, and let's just say at the end of the day all he had left was a pickaxe, no clothes and no shelter. The game does a great job at making you have to be cautious about who to trust, considering all you need is one be authorized on your totem pole and within seconds everything you've worked on to this point is gone.It also runs really easily.9/10 simply because in its state it's a little lacking in content and such"
,Recommended,393420,20099959,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jesusbeef,"I would recommend it; if you have a fast PC/Mac, if your PC/Mac doesn't have much available storage (GB) the game will majorly lag."
76561198202434176,Recommended,393420,20080398,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CONTA 9,Lol i got a rifle and a bad kid started screaming at me saying the f word like THAT MY GUN GIMME IT BACK even though i crafted it my self XD
,Recommended,393420,19800967,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Fenixer02,The performance are too great. None of early access game i could run in 1080 and get 60fps but this.
,Recommended,393420,19803734,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,NobleNik,"Amazing survival game, a combination of Rust with a animated design, has a good point to survive, great game 100% recomend."
,Recommended,393420,19816347,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,LIONSTAR_,"Hurt world is like a cartoon version of Rust, (so people can run it) with a few nice adjustments...Karma system (kill people and you have a chance of dropping your gear for some time. With this system you can be legitimately friendly and make friends doing so not losing any gear if backstabbed, though I haven't been backstabbed or matter of fact been friendly (:< )Farming (you can farm fruit also resources like coolent and sun cream)More ores (there is the standard iron ore then more ores in different biomes and different ways to obtain it and have different melting temperatures)Crystals/Ambers (these are a rare resource that is used for allot adding more of the difficulty in the game)Different types of rocks (the different types of rock offer different types of resources, I won't go into too much detail because it is self explanatory)Some science (here and there you will see some science about the ores and resources, showing what chemicals are present in the substance)Biomes (I know rust has some biomes but these are varied, they offer different resources and amass more survival difficulties)Cars (who thought I would miss out the cars? The cars parts are not too hard to find except the tires they are very difficult to find, forcing you to raid and I think this is all good)Upgrading (in the game you can upgrade your pick or axe a fair bit with the uncommon, rare or legendary ore you find, making it do more damage and be more effective)More tools (the compass is very useful device where it shows you how far away you are from your claim pole, a.k.a your base)Some bad things...Glitches (it is new so it is to be expected, there is a rock glitch where you can prop glitch yourself inside to raid bases who have built up against the rock without using c4 also there is the glitchy fall damage system that I have experienced where some little jump can almost kill you... Don't know if it's intended but I will say it anyway, the drills you can get in the game can sometimes placed on foundations and can be placed and giant rocks)You can expect these to be fixed at a later date as they are updating the game frequently with new stuff.If anyone is wondering I did do this review on my phone at 2 am..."
76561198064304845,Recommended,393420,19818081,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[]RBC[]BOOM,"Amazing. But it has some huge problems, like when you get to end game you can't raid or anthing because c4 is almost impossable because you can't find the charges. Other then that loads of fun just gets boring after a while."
,Recommended,393420,20575010,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JaekuTheGod,"I logged in, ran around for a bit and found a guy... I said ""hey, give me your stuff before I axe you to death"" he turns around with a shot gun and chases me across the map, finaly a sand storm takes over and I lost him. after a while, once the sand storms mvoes on, I see him at a tree trying to chop it down, I ran up on him and axed him to death while he was missing all of his shotgun shots... I get his gear and his loot. Win Win for me!. After that I run into some guys who are building and I asked if I could assist, they said yes, suspiciously so I begin to farm items for them. by the time I get back they were gone, so I thought. I see their bags on the floor and I look up to see the same guy with the shotgun, now has a rilfe and blows my head off... Karma I guess. :D"
76561198126230069,Recommended,393420,20580357,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kevain ツ,Awesome game without hackers lol
,Recommended,393420,20678902,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SirCodeye,"We all played Rust, it was a fine game, until they made decisions that sucked. This game is the feeling we had playing the old version, no wait this is even better: Cars, quads and i guess more vehicles coming maybe? Its an amazing game."
,Recommended,393420,20653641,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tachyon,♥♥♥♥ing love this game so hard. One of if not the best FPS Open World Survival games out there.
,Recommended,393420,20729456,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,manaticzje:,"Just an Early Access Alpha, but already better than H1Z1, Rust. There is big potention in this game."
,Recommended,393420,20735674,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,좆 같은 거시기,This game is really nice i love playing it and when i was playing i went off and tryed to join a server and it said i was Kicked From Server/Banned i was Kinda freaking out i tryed some more servers and turned out i was banned from all serversif you have a way to fix this please let me know
,Not Recommended,393420,20758921,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lel K Yeh I'm Ronny,"Still as worthless of a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥as it's always been. From the camping to the useless empty non-official servers, you're just all-around ♥♥♥♥ed if you play this game."
76561198010711608,Recommended,393420,20737353,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,CTWombat,Game wont start up error 22. From what i have experienced so far i cannot recomend.edit fixed probelm fun game
76561198271080308,Recommended,393420,20714563,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,vitamins.exe,<3
,Recommended,393420,20714914,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Raged Gypsy,"This game is BRUTAL. Really puts it to you when you think you have it all and someone puts a load of Dynomite to your house/base. True to its word, it intends to punish! The game is its own love hate relationship. Even with the game being in Alpha, it's a truly well done and intense game.When it comes down to it I ask... ,do it regret buying this? The answer is...Not.At.All."
76561198139765264,Not Recommended,393420,20699335,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mask,stupid update
,Recommended,393420,20687932,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,VermoxXxy #MultiSquad,Niesamowita gra nawet na średnie komputery typu mój na przykłąd 4 ram bardzo fajna i jak dla mnie połączenie Metin 2 + Minecraft. 2 pierwszycg gier.Polecam jak ktos chce grac dodawać i pisać
76561198036893238,Recommended,393420,20706135,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pa!nK!ll3r,"Not bad game at all, at the begining you will find it a little hard to survive the elements by yourself, but it's a lot more challaging then some survival games. I hope they make it even tougher. Some of the servers are being DDOS often, but they are working on a fix, so they say. That has yet to be seen by me, but I do like the game and hope they add more difficult weather to deal with."
,Recommended,393420,22164261,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CURΔNIX☭,MAKE CONTROLLER SUPPORT FOR THE GAMEVERY FUNN BUT LITTLE BIT HARD
,Recommended,393420,22166219,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TJ,"Great game, not over killed with graphics. Was a little skeptical at first when I purchased it; then when I started playing it was absolutely stunning! 9.9/10 Couldn't be better but they continue to make it better!"
,Recommended,393420,21447373,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Chikapi,"Best voice acting10/10I eat just to hear this:""Oh yeah, that was good"""
76561198019300336,Not Recommended,393420,21369475,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,NiKokoko ^_^,Nope
76561198215337116,Not Recommended,393420,21489355,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,{FOX} Riptide,Game is not ready yet.
,Recommended,393420,21441346,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Joshua W.,Great Game!! :)
,Not Recommended,393420,21379558,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,your mom give me the big sex,you spawn you get killed
76561198247995614,Recommended,393420,21438596,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Vastorox,"looks awesome ..... but i cant play on any server , it keeps kicking me because my ping is over 180 and i play with 0 delay lag on other games with 260 ping ....... please fix your ping thereshold , other than that its amazing ive only played on a empty server so dont know how the pvp conctent is since the servers have rly weird ping thereshold so..... dont know if i recommend it or dont recommend it ........."
76561198145953944,Recommended,393420,21490962,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,.,CURTI
76561198260339082,Not Recommended,393420,19837200,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,STORMTROOPER406,"THIS GAME could be AWESOME ......     BUT   .......  it is a waste of time as the world is WAY too small for the number of players....WAY TOO MANY  cheats, the hacks,   ....  and the developers allowing admins to be some of the biggest CHEATS around.I loved this game until going to several different servers and the admins blowing up everyone's base all the time.THIS COULD be ONE of the BEST but....  it's a complete waste of time since the game allows your base to be hacked stolen and C4'ed    why would anyone invest any time and effort into a game especially when the admins spawn vehicles and make mass c4 and tool around blowing up everyone's base...         HEY DEV's  WAKE THE F Up PLEASE, you could have something great here.... but you have some serious problems to deal with before that happens."
76561198009852545,Recommended,393420,24527589,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,peak ♤,"Everyone giving negative reviews here should be reminded that this game is still in early access.After spending many fun hours with my mates in this game i can savely recommend this game to anyone who's looking for a fun, at times frustrating and challenging multiplayer game.PLEASE REMEMBERThis game is still in EARLY ACCESS which means expect missing features and possible glitches and bugs. I encountered no gamebreaking bugs or something up until now.Enjoy the game and give it time. If you want to know how the game is progressing you should check out their homepage wherell youll be able to see the most recent features their working on and other interesting stuff."
76561198305023407,Recommended,393420,25169803,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,JesseXIII,Really nice and entertaining
,Recommended,393420,19737653,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MidnightXelo,"This game is so addicting, if you have played either h1z1 dayz rust or any other survival game then this is definantly for you!!The Community is very friendly and it is worth the 24.99 easily maybe 30 right now and its early access!!10/10"
,Not Recommended,393420,20993599,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,★S20★,boring as ♥♥♥♥ ... but got potential
,Recommended,393420,22801276,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,4archer,Wouldn't recommend it one of those early access survivals with no hopeExtremely boring extremely quick you are never going to be able to raid anyone c4 is impossibleEDIT: This game now actually became very fun with the new updates the devs have had tried it out again and had alot of fun now I would recomment buying it
,Recommended,393420,19840494,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Resnauv,"Hurtworld. It's a world. IT MAKES HURT.I mean I'm 28, I goto school sometimes to teach, sometimes to learn. I worked a part-time job at Walgreens for a bit while doing all this. Eh. It's alright. But Hurtworld? Stick with me and I'll tell you all about it.it wil maek you wana punch urself in the dik"
,Recommended,393420,25844740,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DoctorGorg,Very fun game. Only problem is there are no servers with less than 120 ping for me but that's not the devs fault.9.6/10
,Recommended,393420,20336625,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jonah!,I spout dribble in German and get no trouble from Chinese or American.10/10 would fake nationality to avoid death again.
76561198058880952,Recommended,393420,20343827,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Big Baby Benson,"It's a really fun game. There are flaws, and there are always ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in games like these, but it's an Early Access game, and for an EA game, it's fun. The survival aspect is strong: the game makes it hard for you to survive, but surviving is its own reward. 4/5 in current state,"
76561198123131377,Recommended,393420,20333115,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fisher,Pretty fun game. The combat is pretty good but can still use some improvements afterall it is in alpha. Rubberband can be an issue from time to time and fall damage is pretty annoying.
76561198131172860,Recommended,393420,20325354,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Scarce,my pc keeps shutting down while only playing hurtworld no other games please help but if that diddint happen then the game is really fun!
,Recommended,393420,20325767,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Plats ® +ĐƗ1ØØØ,"Its a good game, fun, the companny keeps patching and fixing bugs and has serv in the whole world.First time Ive seen a survivor game still patching."
,Recommended,393420,20316384,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,- Kisume -,"A very awesome game that I bought. It was very worth it to try  this game and loose some few bucks. I really enjoy how I am able to build a building, join a server, and last but not least.. drive a car. It was an amazing jouney and this game would be in my top 3 best game."
,Recommended,393420,20336155,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Londinium,"Great game for early access, very fun to play in groups and you can last quite long if you dedicate time. Hoping for some more features to spice the game up though because after several hours when you've got most things it can start to get boring."
76561198172948135,Not Recommended,393420,24958657,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DruiD,it is good game but not coming update if you want update in this game wait a long time maybe 20 week or 30 anyway its bad bad
76561198214656783,Recommended,393420,20368696,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Conditioner Gordon,"Be me.Play on empty server to learn.Forage, survive.Hide from all who enter my server.Build modest home.Gather all I see. Alone.200 hours go by.0/10 for multiplayer experience.10/10 ocd inventory and storage sim 2016"
76561198196831034,Recommended,393420,25729016,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RETR0DAN,This is a really fun game but after some time you get board of it but it is in beta and alot of things are being inplamented in the game making it more fun
,Recommended,393420,25740132,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Coffee,"This is a really fun game to play with friends and solo if you want too, i just love the fact that u have to survive in the wilderness, and to experience that by playing this was just fantastic, i recommend that you guys should buy this game because its really fun, i gurantee that you wont get bored after a good 2 or more hours of playing.Overall Score: 8/10"
76561198095813433,Recommended,393420,30881423,Posted: 1 April,all,The Good Doctor,"fun game, dead as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,393420,25868480,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,NMP,Ruined.
,Recommended,393420,26188477,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Kahlypso,"The game is solid! Every month the devs add tons of extra content. The game runs smoother than any survival game I've ever played. Simplified (but still charming in itself) graphics give the game excellent fps. So many different things to do. The devs put a lot of thought into everything. You can get heat exhaustion or hypothermia without the right clothes. If you put food in a fridge too close to a fire pit it will melt it and spoil it. Different materials have hotter burning tempuratures, etc. Plus they have vehicles! Cars can hold 3-4 depending on what parts you put on it. Some parts give extra storage.  Quads seat only 1. Motorcycles were recently added. But even with so much content the game itself is easy to pick up and play. You quickly learn how to survive."
,Recommended,393420,26200616,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,[GMC4] ♛ LukasuS ♛,Good very good game ^^ :D
,Recommended,393420,19550630,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,JahSavior,"Having a look back at this game, since it's early release back in december 2015. I must admit, that iam very dissapointed, what began as an exciting journey, quickly ended up being a sad walk down a laggy road of glitches and ruski♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game, was - and i can't hesitate that enough  *WAS* a fun game to play, for fair share of hours (about 100 or so). But after this period, i can guarantee you, that you've tried almost every single creative, pvp element that these.. lazy dev's have put into this game. It's real real, laggy for european users, untill this date - the very essence of PVP (being able to break-in, to eachother's bases) is still not visible... And the community, if that's even a fitting word - for the gathering of ...people..?Please do yourself a favour, don't buy this, if your still considering to do so; pls go play Runescape."
76561198194190249,Recommended,393420,26234248,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jonki,i love dis!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198278697328,Recommended,393420,30886861,Posted: 1 April,all,Black Individual around the bloc,Noice game
,Recommended,393420,26180827,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,SadeSK,SO this game is very very fun.But its even funnier with a friend its a game like Rust.The updates comming not so often but its ok.Its a rellay fun game and there is a lot of to do.Recommend it and its worth to buy :)
,Recommended,393420,27469029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NARKOTYKOWY ŚWIR csgoatse.com,Great sandbox survival with a lot of things to do
76561197985768357,Not Recommended,393420,20481359,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Shrekt,I can no longer recommend this game. Devs got lazy
76561198021458183,Recommended,393420,23746304,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DJRYNO,I NEED TO EAT!
,Recommended,393420,30815667,Posted: 29 March,all,glemau,"I would like it, if I could play offline, as I do not play often enough to achieve anything online."
,Recommended,393420,23908501,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,General Dan,AWSOME GAME
,Recommended,393420,20334955,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dozens,"If you want to be chased by asians and chineese people then this is the game, don't get me wrong though, it is amazing but their is not ping block or anything so anyone from anywhere can join your games. When they add ping block then this game will be 100% better."
76561198055543328,Recommended,393420,21262223,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dsin,"As of right now, it's a fun game, but there is little content. Maybe the devs won't abandon this game and keep on updating the game."
76561198110845434,Not Recommended,393420,21236418,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Clone146445 [Dingus],not what i expected
,Not Recommended,393420,21232216,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Crazy_Kobold,"I played the game, and I beleive it has a lot of potential. I can't wait to come back when it is finished and play some more. However in its early stage I qucikly did everything and the game has nothing more to offer. So please just wait and come back in a year hopefully this game meets its potential."
76561198077900499,Not Recommended,393420,21223201,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Rebellion,Game is not for casual players!  Same as rust for the most part.  K.O.S w/ a bunch of a holes running around w/ guns killing those less fortunate.
,Recommended,393420,20960505,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Schmuck Goblin,Aimed a guy at a gun that got on his knees with his hands behind is head. Humped him into submission. Refunded game. 10/10.
76561198216913481,Recommended,393420,30913154,Posted: 2 April,all,Bomb Voyage,Everyone says it just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ survival game or a clone of rust but i actually found a different experience then in rust. I have played about 150 hours on rust and just picked up hurtworld and i love it!
,Not Recommended,393420,26719068,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Whapy,Theres no servers anymore and noone plays it!
,Recommended,393420,26720045,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sly,"I've been bouncing around to many new survival type mmos. The game may be rough at first depending on which server you join(being ganked by people with good gear). However, the game is very fun and quick to learn. So if you're looking for a game you can play full time or part time in the survival genre this is definately it and im looking very forward to future updates of the game."
,Recommended,393420,27075594,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zinx ジンクス,One of the best survival game i've ever played 9/11
76561198208738651,Recommended,393420,26196511,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Chubbyside,GOOD POETENTIAL reccomend this game
,Recommended,393420,28563899,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gal,how to make a server???
,Not Recommended,393420,20253678,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Luke,No more Australian servers so ive completely stopped playing this game.
76561198162701371,Recommended,393420,25993505,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Isis,"I have about 105+ hours on this game and I love it to bits BUT, I am still having troubles running it. I am able to only run it at low settings with about 30 FPS being the lowest and 40 FPS being the highest(May I remind you I have the recommended Graphics Card, Proccesser, ETC.).  I think that after they release new content for the game they need to make it a lot more optimized. I am recommending this game because it is still in early access and I love the game, I am just giving my honest opinion on what they should do to get more players and make the experience on Hurtworld a lot more pleasant! :)"
76561198279818205,Recommended,393420,29146707,Posted: 9 January,all,badjas54,"every time when i start up the game, the game is stuck and if i finally started up the game, and i want to join a server i get kicked."
,Recommended,393420,29130416,Posted: 8 January,all,kiddlepoke,caw caw
,Recommended,393420,28930385,Posted: 1 January,all,P A N D A,I need a friends to play this game
,Recommended,393420,28941571,Posted: 2 January,all,Creeperya,fun but ♥♥♥♥ing hell freezing to death is not what i want10/10would freeze to death again...and again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,393420,28864756,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,3atmybow.HL  csgoroll.com,Hurtworld is a very enjoyable game that should really get a boost in players I feel like it's died off abit and I really liked it I don't no weather that's a developer problem or a community problem and I wish this could be resolved because this game could go places if the devs add unique features to this game!!Over all I would get this game it's great for people with not so good pc's and that enjoy a cartoonish side of games!!Loving it keep up the work dev team
76561198089286921,Recommended,393420,28859400,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zendox_,just a great game over all
76561198076016109,Recommended,393420,29021593,Posted: 4 January,all,big mc chicken nuget,sever keeps shuting down
76561198050925028,Recommended,393420,28982154,Posted: 3 January,all,Trump4N4tor,Must play game very fun
76561198064498681,Recommended,393420,29136970,Posted: 9 January,all,God Dammit,"This game needs a lot of improvement, that being said it has a great base and the development is an ongoing process. The development is progressing along nicely and you only need to take one look at their website to get behind what they're doing and understand the scope that's at play here. I'd recommend this game to anybody interested in a hardcore survival game."
,Not Recommended,393420,19957386,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Private Piles,This game is probely the worst game of all time it downloads fast then the proformance drops out the blue for no reason wats the point......And those screen shots are wrong...
76561198064009418,Recommended,393420,31988104,Posted: 26 May,all,Tact,"This game isn't like most survival games. It punishes players for k.o.s'ing, actually has good working vehicles, and can be played a lot of different ways. I'll go over some of my percived flaws and also some positives in my eyes. But TL;DR: This game is great for anyone looking for a different survival game.- Flaws -- Learning curve deters a lot of new players.- NO ACTIVE SERVERS (anymore) there are only 2 GOOD none russian servers - and they lose a lot of their population 2 weeks after they reset. The game is really only fun with the social interactions between players, so when a server drops below 15-20 players and you can't find anyone to play with, the game turns into a lonely farming simulator.- Problems with big clans and/End game. It isn't that hard to get to endgame, but it is very difficult to maintain as a solo/duo player group, this issue is probably one of the biggest issues this game faces in its current state, and a lot of survival games face this issue, but essentially... big clans can dominate and control the det caps (item required to raid anyone) on servers by just actively farming them and controlling the spawns in rad towns so no one can raid them because they get raided so fast and can't farm the items needed to raid the bigger clans.- Positives -- Farming and getting the end-game weapons/gear/vehicles is fun and rewarding.- Pvp is really well fleshed out and feels rewarding when you get a kill. And it promotes social interaction because when you get a kill on a non-infamous player, you become infamous and can drop your gear - so there isn't as much kill-on-site as you get with other survival games and if you want to be a ""bandit"" you have to think about your surroundings a lot.- Vehicles are great and have very little d-sync.They make the map feel alive wherever you decide to live.- Bases are really limited to how big they can be, so even the largest clan can be raided by the little guys.- TONS of social interaction - Decently active development - Modded servers that add a lot ot the dynamic of the game - and it just feels different from other survival games, a nice change of pace.If you're into grindy survival games, and want something a bit different, give it a try."
76561198197931509,Recommended,393420,32012669,Posted: 27 May,all,Steel Ink,is one of the best game i've played since Team Fortress 2 and Counter Strike Global Offendive
,Not Recommended,393420,20587054,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,gay,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Recommended,393420,32038568,Posted: 29 May,all,Senpai Vilius [ArCoEn],"Great Game,Love everything about it"
76561198033472581,Not Recommended,393420,32162621,Posted: 3 June,all,✨Rick Sanchez✨ CSGONECRO.COM,"A game that i regret playing and wasting the nearly 60hrs of my life.Has one of the worst communities (Toxic/racist kids) that just make the game bad.A good thing is that the developers are still trying to make it better, but it still doesnt work for me!"
,Recommended,393420,23254436,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,AndreasTwJ,I lowered the game quality and nw is gud 10/10
,Recommended,393420,31710957,Posted: 12 May,all,bones,"A little too expensive for what this game is, however I always have a blast playing with my friends on this one. New update is coming out soon which will overhaul the entire item system as well, so that would be a good time to get in on this game if you were planning on it so you can be on an even plane with all of the other players.So far the only actual bugs in the game are minimal and do not interrupt gameplay. Progression is a slight lackluster and PvP takes over the game once you get there, but this is expected for any survival game, and this isn't really a bad thing at least to me.Should you try Hurtworld? Yes, you should. Although I would strongly recommend bringing along some friends, as this game, should the title suggest, be a world of Hurt. Survival can be difficult in this game, the only animal that is easily accessible to newspawns is a small rabbit which must be killed with a spear. Later zones in the game have animals and beasts capable of killing you in one to two shots. Beware.Lots of potential. Can't wait until it's finished."
76561198122158925,Recommended,393420,31712544,Posted: 12 May,all,leezhide,MAKE IT MORE REALISTIC!
,Not Recommended,393420,22655623,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Iskukip,"Has had no major updates since it released in 2015, Devs do communicate via devlogs but nothing is being implemented.DayZ will be finished before this game even gets a content update.Could have been a great game."
76561198118320994,Not Recommended,393420,20026923,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,dolfzigler,This game hasn't had any major updates in nearly 6 months... its dead so far. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,393420,32088370,Posted: 31 May,all,yama chama,Nice Game!
76561198181742601,Recommended,393420,32120870,Posted: 1 June,all,FostyTheSnoMan,"This game is great for those who want a game like rust but a little less nude and has more of a community, it is fun, and in manhy ways harder than rust. Though the game is fun, there are only are around ten populated servers and most half the people that play this speak english and the rest is foreign, I would recommend this game to someone who likes pvp but also peaceful base building and friendly interactment, it isnt as fast paced as rust, it is a mix of subnatica and rust, fast but also slow."
76561198352488098,Not Recommended,393420,33296596,Posted: 5 July,all,ASFvsASAP,got borin real fastit was good at first but it really got boring quick
76561198100555800,Recommended,393420,25703491,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Snoogles,Spawned in got yelled at by a chinese kid. Ran away he started shooting at me with a bow. Duked the ♥♥♥♥ out of him. But he eventually killed me. Spawned in again saw a deer goat thing. Got scurd when it bit me. Ran away.Made it to snow. Saw big brown lump in a field. Ran over to it. Lump got up and proceeded to chase me.10/10 would get bum♥♥♥♥ed by a Yeti again.
76561198080830871,Recommended,393420,22251242,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,General Squad Leader (lukemac),"Despite all the other reviews I bought this game, this is not actually an early access review I only bought it early access thought it was bad for no reason at all then many months later came back to it and realised.... I love it.It's amazing this game is, all the other negative reviews were wrong... there are plenty of players even on modded servers and most of them speak english, there are little to no hackers in the game too. The only time I've experienced the game lag is when going too fast in vehicles. So far with over 20 hours invested into the game I haven't got bored and I have all the items in the game, it never gets trivial as I play with a friend and we ride around banditting and just pretending to be war boys we also have to defend our base from raiders and we've already lost two bases one of which we charged into and slaughtered the people that took it. Now we live in a cosy garage in the radioactive wasteland roaming for the little amounts of gas out there to keep us going and stealing it at every opportunity.If you want to play a mad max themed survival game then buy this, it's hardcore and realistic and you can customize vehicles and salvage others to make yours look cool and make it faster and better in combat and moving fast (engines, gear boxes, wheels etc.) and go out and shoot people. If you die you keep your hotbar items which is awesome.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/851594234177556391/3E0901CB6C0CC7315B802AB6E228C189BEDCDD81/Overall this game is the best but you should bring a friend as it will be extra fun.Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198261252565,Not Recommended,393420,24486411,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kung_Fu,"DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!over  2,549.0 hrs on record and im a comunity server ownerHW staff Abuse there powers banned me for no reasongame has glitches the whole game has Hackers in it running thu walls and using aim hacks even after reporting thay still dont get banned cause thay rely on EAC witch dosnt work but admin still wont lisen this game is not worh buying move to Rust much better game Admins ony bring 1 update every 9mnths dont waste ur time unless u wanna play with glitches and hackers and noob admin who wont do nothing about anything"
76561198127403073,Recommended,393420,28621762,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ethanbenji,this game is great for people who like games like rust and for people who cant handle rust on their computers lol
76561198294137594,Recommended,393420,30163940,Posted: 25 February,all,KingCH,HURTWORLD is a good game.
,Recommended,393420,30186575,Posted: 25 February,all,ṪḩḕĴṹḏḡḕ,"This games alot of fun when you have team mates and go raiding and PvP to gain infamy together, however - The developmenet has been dreadfully slow with this game and there isn't a ton of content however... this game shares a very nice thing other crafting survivals do not, yes, the vehicle.Pros*Cars*Raiding*perfornamce for low end pcs*balanced PvP and PvE*lootingCons*Solo play is boring*raiding materials take to long to gather.*Vehicle Tools and Parts also take to long to gather.*late game weapons take to long to gather.*There is no ingame swag other then defualt items.*looting weapons is not allowed unless your enemy has infamy. ( so you can be skilled at the game, kill a guy with a spear that has a AR15 but gain absolutely 0 but maybe a few bullets from what was in his inventory, * but not his hotbar* which is where guns are. )over all I am very satisfied with this game even with its♥♥♥♥♥♥quirks because the developers made a good game. I think it deserves more attention then what it gets. I also think the devs need to get off there asses and make it that though. there are plenty of people who own this game. but they have no reason to stay for the reason above. I hope my review helps you decide whether or not this games for you!"
,Recommended,393420,19931298,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,african america,Rust but bad
76561198032539568,Not Recommended,393420,29760648,Posted: 7 February,all,Stalaki,This game was epic at starting. Fast and simple graphics are cool but like every new game after a few weeks of launch came hackers. This problem wasn't fixed since the beginning of early access and this is killing it... So if you want it I'll say first to wait a bit or a long time and spot the right updates/impressions of community.
76561198254444326,Recommended,393420,20788650,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,летунчик в деле,1
76561198288026785,Recommended,393420,23296050,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Дед максим,игра очинь крутая но надо добавить ещё больше вещей
,Not Recommended,393420,20155366,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nicholas Bird,Do not use
,Recommended,393420,25025304,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,lrmfarm4,"I dont know if this is happing for othere players but,I am able to launch the game but it does not let me open the window."
,Recommended,393420,30863706,Posted: 31 March,all,ExoticHitler,One of the best survival games ever. Why is it dead?
,Not Recommended,393420,19797662,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,hot dog nibba,Used to be kinda fun until every server died ggwp
,Recommended,393420,30120075,Posted: 23 February,all,Dirty Dave,I've played my share of this game and I have to say that I would highly recommend it to other players. It is a lot of fun and very addictive.
,Recommended,393420,19686221,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,trugle,(y)
76561198210763471,Not Recommended,393420,19686247,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SparkE262,EDIT: DON'T BUY THIS GAME THE COMMUNITY IS HORRIBLE.
,Not Recommended,393420,19922037,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[FFS]UcokWibu,GAME DEAD NOW DONT BUY ITJUST DONT
,Recommended,393420,21192251,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SLAMD0NK,You can hump a surrending player11/10
76561198110452984,Recommended,393420,30188738,Posted: 25 February,all,Bemo,if it get mor ideas from rust it will be one of the best games ever
,Recommended,393420,29567475,Posted: 29 January,all,Tim Tim,1. Builds small base2. Collects resources3. Builds bolt action rifle4. Goes to loot a abandon building5. See's a guy6. Kills him7. Feels bad8. Talk to him in chat9. Decides to go give loot back10. Goes back to abandoned building to meet up11. Gets killed by a huge clan10/10 Would die again
76561198039391626,Recommended,393420,26145651,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,HughMungus,gud game.
76561198079982755,Recommended,393420,31249856,Posted: 19 April,all,FLRicebringer,Some of my greatest moments playing survival games were on this particular game. It was great before the pop went down and hackers found a way to ruin it for people. I recommend this game if it could go back to the way it was when there was an overflow of players.
76561198088432741,Recommended,393420,19813054,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MrBlue,"Started getting back into the game a few weeks ago, it has certainly improved since I first played it. Great game"
,Not Recommended,393420,31398420,Posted: 27 April,all,KrazziZeus,"BORING. dont buy it, takes way to long to get into."
,Not Recommended,393420,19623214,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TomSawyer,It's the end of the game.
,Not Recommended,393420,19679688,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ℊᶅ∅ℤℰ✖,♥♥♥♥♥game.No updates.Game dying.Developers - stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,393420,19690661,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,omaha shin darude,"Game was really fun on release.However, Now unless you're playing with 17 people or more there isnt a reason in wasting you money on this dead p.o.s. game. You will get gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by russians every time you try and play unless you play on a private 1 slot server. Don't waste you time, you won't progress."
,Not Recommended,393420,21090707,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Glovrr,Not enjoyable
,Not Recommended,393420,22119006,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,BananaMAn,game is dead... waste of money! do not buy this game...
,Not Recommended,393420,29520548,Posted: 27 January,all,fr0sty,I said this game was great but now everything changed starting from dead players to game not being out of early access but devs said uh we will be releasing it out of early access by the end of 2016 now it has been 6 months after 2017 and still not out! devs just fk off and say game is dead or just get it out of early access arleady! game has brigh future but dumb devs!
,Not Recommended,393420,20026554,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,♦ Unfancy ♦,"This game seemed and looked very appealing and fun, however playing it was a catastrophe. Everyone I came across was killhungrycrazed, even though the unique PvP system punishes bandits. I hadlittle tono fun in the time I played, it's like rust in the sense that you gather supplies for long periods of time, and risk dying upon returning to your home. However, homes in this are challenging to make and you almost always die, because of the clusterf*** of assault rifled geared mad menNSFWI would rather drag my testicles across miles of glass with rusty nails included instead of play another 90 minutes of this."
,Recommended,393420,25856214,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,PaNJ,Thats a good game . The game studio must  publish more updates .
76561198343915645,Not Recommended,393420,33049056,Posted: 30 June,all,boo,this game is Rust but with a smaller less toxic community but thats really the only good thing about it.
,Not Recommended,393420,33071282,Posted: 30 June,all,Madbag_POWA,"the game is very interesting and the devs are very active, allways updating the game and making the expirenene better for us the consumer. 10/10Did i mention how active the devs are!!!!!!!!!"
76561198068304249,Recommended,393420,20365930,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,8inbagsag,I have never put so many hours into a game so quickly. 10/10
,Recommended,393420,30491514,Posted: 13 March,all,-MYD10line-,"This game is addictive as hell and keeps your adrenaline level at top because the action is inevitable, the survive instincts are at top level as everything can kill you in the game from the sun to the deer. The graphics are not bad and you like it the more time you spend in the game and it doesn't require a high spec level of computer to run. If more vehicles, clothes, weapons and different stuff is added to the game it would be more great. Just buy it you won't regret it. ( there are official and community servers which community servers enhances the gameplay)Note: New maps, mods, add-ons please! ( especially clothes, weapons, and stuff like that!)"
,Not Recommended,393420,33139119,Posted: 2 July,all,Pandzius,This game...world hurts
,Not Recommended,393420,20614199,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SolutionS,"Overall this game is bad. However it was ok while it lasted. I wouldn't pay more than $7 US dollars for it.  To the Devs its more like a weekend project. Very little content. Broken Mechanics. Very little end game. Very little updates. I would highly Recommend Rust Or Ark over this.Edit: I forgot to mention, Very Little player base.. Empty Servers Everywhere. Once Again I wouldnt pay more then 7 bucks."
76561198130500914,Recommended,393420,33693050,Posted: 21 July,all,Infinity,"Spawn as naked bearded man,Build a base ,cars, then get killed and humilated.Start over :DI reccomends."
,Recommended,393420,33846148,Posted: 27 July,all,☯FoxDriNk☯,Esse jogo é super divertido para jogar com os amigos.Pros:-Crafting desse jogo é fácil-Mapa grande-Sistema de raid desse jogo é bem dinâmico e fácilContra:-Mal otimizado-Muitos bugs-Pouca variedade de recursos-Poucos servidores Brs
,Recommended,393420,34023917,Posted: 4 August,all,Philpai,it is like a rust's little crippled brother :( i like it but there isnt much to do ( devs are throwing some updates at us now... it looks promising :) )for now its thumb up.......just for now
,Recommended,393420,20265237,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,S4ucy,Hurtworld is an intreging must play!
76561198273465114,Recommended,393420,34029152,Posted: 4 August,all,Lrnix,Very frustrating game at first got destroyed my some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with a car and guns 10 minutes into the game. 15 hours later and I am the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the car with guns ♥♥♥♥ yeah!!
76561198122563148,Recommended,393420,33981623,Posted: 2 August,all,Clumzy_Ninja,i got this game a while ago when it was cheaper good game
,Recommended,393420,34105405,Posted: 8 August,all,xXx ◄ Ramboo <3,"Great game, but you should learn the basics on a friendly server. And move on pvping later on to get more skilled."
,Recommended,393420,29587295,Posted: 30 January,all,Krazy,"To the people saying the game is dead, they should get their brains checked out.1. The game is not dead, not even close, having around 1000 people online on average every single minute.2. You are litteraly stoping new people from joining the game becouse you say it is ""dead"".Now on to the review.The game is really fun, and the devs (unlike other simmiliar early-access game) have not abandoned the game, it is getting updated, slowly, but not abandoned.PvP is amazing, one of the most satisfying engines ever built, nothing is better than hearing that pop sound after sniping someone in the head with a thrown spear or shot arrow.Vehicles, although hard to aquire, are also really fun. Yes the hit detection requires abit of reworking, but it is fun to drive around.Also alot of people are put of by the trailer of the game, you guys realise that the trailer is almost 2 year's old, the game is very diffrent now.A thing that I dislike is the devs, they upload every week a dev blog on what they have been up to, you see these amazing projects but you know it will be like atleast half a year until we get the thing. It feels like Hurtworld is a secondary job to them, and they barely spend time on it every week, that would explain the lack of updates.For example - The new sniper rifle, I saw it on the dev blog at the start of the summer (almost 3 months from now), and the dev blog uploaded yesterday showed that they have finished 1 scope, body and magazine for it, how hard is it to program and build 1 weapon in 3 months.^^^ Do not let this put you of from buying the game, you can say you are currently buying 2 versions of it, Itemv1 - more survival and pve based, itemv2 - pvp, fast paced survival with more stuff and better weapons.Overall the game is really fun, even more so with friends who would constantly play with you. If you are looking for a game where you can invest time and progress get this, if you want a game where you play for 6 hours to get the best gear, only to loose it the next day you log on, get Rust."
76561198127253271,Not Recommended,393420,34194644,Posted: 12 August,all,Zandalism,"This is your typical grind, gather ,build repeat ! To me it looks like a bad clone of Rust.The first two or three hours are kind of fun after that there's no more content and being that it's early access it'll probably never leave that stage. Be a great game to pick up on sale for $5.99 but past that I wouldn't buy it."
,Recommended,393420,26268680,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,xFreezdy csgoatse.com,good fame :O
76561198041862862,Recommended,393420,34117540,Posted: 8 August,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Very broke game 10/10
,Not Recommended,393420,19844369,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Serbian Killing Machine,Idk why do i waste my money on crap like this xd
,Not Recommended,393420,21932632,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Buttchunksofdoom?,its very big!
76561198072066185,Not Recommended,393420,19741040,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,[̲̅$̲̅(4K)̲̅$̲̅],"TL;DR:Was a good game, and met many friends in it, but not much has changed since launch. Don't recommend.---First server I join in, 75% of the server is airhumping each other at the spawn because none of the basic materials were dropping.9/10For real though, if you are even thinking about playing in the public servers, don't do it. You'll just end up hating everyone you meet in-game. Community servers can be full of great people who would be willing to help you understand how to play the game!EDIT: Potatoes now run this game better! Used to get 20 frames on lowest settings. Now I'm using max textures and I'm getting 40 frames, smooth!EDIT: Haven't played the game in months since devs wanted to add aesthetics to the game, rather than content that would keep me hooked. I mean, I would put in 12 hours at a time, sometimes, just having fun with my gang, messing with our enemies. It stopped being fun when everyone else migrated to something else and I was forced to grind by myself. I miss my friends. I miss the time I could put into the game without getting sick of it.EDIT: After coming back a year and a half later, the devs seem to be reworking the loot system, and so far, I'm hooked! Some of my gang even says so, so I'm glad to be back with them again!---Changed recommendation rating---EDIT: Since I got this game, I've always played on ThePurgeGamers' server, but now that it'll soon be shutting down, and probably forever, I think it's time i uninstall this  shi t  for good. This game could have been something, but it's still the same dam garbage heap it's always been since 2015, except it's dead(er), even with the new loot system. I can no longer recommend this game, unless you know how to speak Chinese/Russian, you're willing to play on the god-awful official servers (because being too good at the game will get you banned from many community servers), and you're willing to be hostile to every player you encounter. Goodbye Hurtworld, you've been good to me."
,Recommended,393420,28306625,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[BOT] Typowa Gaśnica,"Gra dobra do grania z kimś bo samemu tak po 50 godzinach się nudzi.Plusy:-Fajne PVP ale i tak nie przebija Rust'a-Ciekawy systaem zdobywania aut,quadów,i motorów-Oprócz serwerów oficjalnych na których jest trudno aby przetrwać są także serwery np. x100 które są nieraz nastawione wyłącznie na PVP-Sporo możliwości budowy bazyMinusy-Mała Różnorodność biome'ów-Dużo dzieci trolli (ale to jest chyba wszędzie XD)-Mała mapa-Żre procesor i pamięć jak nie wiem."
76561198230182236,Recommended,393420,25210436,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bati,The best game
,Recommended,393420,20017634,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,stale milk in my van top shelf,very good
,Recommended,393420,29969257,Posted: 16 February,all,Mcpardog,"Love the game! Very difficult survival game, you better find some friends if you are going to buy this game."
76561198073913404,Not Recommended,393420,25175816,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Davion Shower-Handle,"it was fun back when it was first released, but now it's pretty much dead. People only ever go on modded servers and some of them are fun but besides that nobody really plays."
,Recommended,393420,20039940,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Americelt,"One of my favorite games ever. I run a server called AFTER THE WAR. The game IS NOT DEAD. It is a great game and there are a bunch of players on my server as we speak. Very fun, very much worth buying."
