user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198064865607,Recommended,394230,25466662,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,GOD WILLS,If you make it free... they will come...
,Recommended,394230,23136750,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Akuma is my waifu,"Battleborn makes me sadNot because it is a very sad game. There isn't a single sad moment really. What makes me sad is how good it is, and what a poor way it has shown that off. How the writing is a huge step in the right direction, but how that isn't displayed anywhere in the marketing (Or at least nowhere I have seen). It is a game I have fallen in love with, but finding a way to share the love is something I have found very difficult. I guess writing a review is a good first step.The main positives and the negatives, imo, are:+Both PvP and PvE+The co-op campaign in general+Interesting characters-Very busy design-Gameplay might be hard to get into-One lane mobaThe positivesA problem I have with a lot of shootbang games is when there isn't any good co-op alongside the pvp, because I'm pretty garbage at PvP. Usually when there is it tends to be lackluster, just simple wave based combat or bot matches. In Battleborn though they took it further than I would have hoped!What you have is multiple story missions that vary between attacking, defending, and escorting with plenty of character dialog to go with. Fortunately, this time it's not as memes as Borderlands became over time, and the characters that DO talk you through things are pretty funny. I never had a real guffaw, but it was enough to keep me entertained.Another good thing they do with the dialogue is that it varies on different runs of the same stage. On multiple parts they have different lines that randomly play, or depending on who is in your party. This can help when you have to play through the same stage more than once, which you might want to do if you like getting good ranks, or if you find one particularly difficult to beat.The PvP isn't bad either. You have three modes to choose from: Incursion, which is the standard push-minions mode, Capture, which is like King of the Hill but with three hills, and Meltdown, which is a lot like Incursion, but instead of pushing down sentries you push them into robot recycling machines, and the more you escort the more points you get.Save for Incursion I have had a blast with the other two, and we will get to Incursion later. If your team is somewhat organized Capture can be real hectic, and it has plenty of room for comebacks if you can manage to get a good doublekill or an entire teamwipe! Meltdown is similar, but I have found it harder to really play that with just randos. It's about pushing minions in two lanes, and if you are alone against two others who keep pushing one of them you might have a pretty bad time. But there is a lot of strategy to it, or at least enough for it to not just be a boring slog of a gamemode.The characters are also interesting, both in how they are set up with skills and the lore challenges. Every character has two standard skills and one ultimate that unlocks later on, and you have one weapon and a melee move. What you also have in Battleborn is a skill tree, where every level you have the opportunity to pick between 2 to 3 options that either just buff one part of your character or changes a part entirely. You can have Oscar Mike's rocket barrage become a space laser, for example.The lore challenges are just that, challenges that unlock lore about the character as you complete them. Every character has five of them, and they range from killing minions with a certain skill to playing in the same team as another character. These challenges also unlock stuff like taunts and skins, which you also get from loot packs and just leveling up the characters. As someone who gets hard over lore, this made me very happy. It's a very interesting way of learning about the characters, and it can be a good incentive to try something new!The characters have a very big problem though.The negativesThe characters are very busy in their design. Actually, every part of the game is very busy in its design. When I played in the open beta I had a hard time really seeing what was going on! They but in a bit TOO much effort into making everything look good or different, and that's one of the major flaws of Battleborn I think, and a major reason a lot of people might not like this game.Have you seen Montana, that overly buff minigun guy with a tiny head? I hated that design before I got this game. A lot of people do, and I still kinda think it's super dumb, but in-game that is something everyone makes fun off! ""Mutant Lumberjack ahead!"" announces Oscar Mike as he observes the large hunk of a man coming over the horizon, and even his own theme song makes fun of this ""smallish head"" and ""tiny legs."" A lot of the designs suffer from this: Something that makes sense in the games universe, but looks real bad on advertisement.The cast is also a bit too different. Again, the designs all make sense within the five factions, but it looks like a visual mess to anyone else, probably. This makes me sad, because the LLC faction has some of my favorite character designs in this type of game that I've ever played. Kleese especially. It's rare to see an old man character outside of fighting games, and he is a very fun one to boot!Something else that might be a failure of the advertisement is that this game is not a twitch shooter. It takes a while to get one dude to die, and it's almost always better to run in a group rather than be a lone wolf. Teamwork is more important in this game than most others, and its pretty difficult to carry a team unless you are really, REALLY good at teamwiping on your own. Or if you are playing one of the two snipers.The slower shootbangs and the emphasis on pushing minions might put a lot of people off. Think of this game not as a TF2 clone, but as a SMNC clone. This game seems to be taking a lot more lessons from that game than anything else, but that is also something not everyone wants. It's something, if you're not expecting it, that you have to get used too. I was confused myself why I always seemed to do so poorly or never managed to get any kills, and the real answer to that question is that the game expects you to shoot together, not alone.And then the last complaint is 100% just my opinion (like the rest of the review really). Incursion is not a fun gamemode.  I hate one lane stages in mobas, since it often doesn't leave you up for comebacks, or it creates thirty minute long stalemates. It's a tug of war, essentially. Then again, the only map I have had the chance to play is Overgrowth, which is a poorly designed map with plenty of exploits, but its the map everyone else wants to play, maybe because of the exploits.This is why Battleborn makes me sadIt makes me sad because it's a clear step forward for Gearbox. Partly why I say that is bias, because this type of game is something I always want more off, but what it shows off doesn't interest people, or they straight up just hate the designs. It is also an unfortunate time to release it, what with the hype of Overwatch. I love both, and I'm probably going to play both for a real long time if they get the support for it, but Battleborn is going to be the lesser of the two because of the style Gearbox went with. Once I got into it, I saw the love that was put into it, but the fact that I had to get into it to see it is a problem.I recommend this game, partly because I love it, but also because I would be sad to see it die."
,Recommended,394230,31817944,Posted: 18 May,all,SaeBooty ♥,Really fun.the game just launched at a horrible time
,Recommended,394230,28502279,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FRNTIK,"I really wish They held this off for a few more months. Not many people even gave the game a chance because they wanted to save their money for Overwatch. That along with Gearbox not listening to feedback and never really balancing the characters, adding microtransactions, and server issues made it quickly lose it's already established playerbase. Lots of people wanted this game to succeed, but this is what happens when developers don't pay attention to the games they make."
,Not Recommended,394230,22826698,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Saninsince992,"A game with a lot of potential that is trying hard to sabotage itself at every step.The good:-Colorful graphics that are appealing to the eye-25 unique characters with a lot of variation in their playstyle-Great voice acting across the board-A lot of humor, with some jokes hitting harder than others, but generally similar to what you would expect from a Borderlands game-The story co-op mode and versus modes both share the same progress and gear and benefit each other-When it's working like it should and the teams are balanced, the versus mode can be a lot of fun.The bad:-Lack of focus in general. The versus mode with only 3 game modes and 2 maps for each is very lackluster in content-size. The story mode is with 8 missions that can all be completed in under 4 hours doesn't fare better.-For some reason the characters are all locked behind progression, most of which is easy enough to be done, but few of which take more effort than should be required to unlock them.-Uninteresting loot. Where in a game like Borderlands you would get new fun and interesting guns and equipment that you could see and actually influenced your character, here you only get uninteresting stat bonuses.-Story mode is supposed to be replayed with multiple characters, but the game offers barely anything new the second time around, even when you play a different character the best you might get is 1 new line of dialogue, and even that doesn't have to be. Grinding for relatively uninteresting loot isn't a great initiative either.-Story mode feels very rushed. The story starts and ends in a second, without any real motivation or even the villain's plans explained in the end. The missions are also very uncreative, with almost all missions being either wave defense or escort missions. The final boss basically just recycles older bosses before a non-climactic final fight.-It is also very noticeable in the story mode that the game wasn't made to focus on it. The balance of characters is absurd, in which some characters run through the whole story without a scratch, others barely manage to get through some missions, if they manage at all. It gets even worse when you get timed challenges during these missions to complete for rewards, which depending on the current circumstances and character you play might just be impossible by default.-Versus mode feels very unbalanced and unfair. It might be too early to say as of writing this, but where in other similar games, be it first person shooters or similar games in objective such as League of Legends or Dota 2, there is more of a feeling of your individual commitment mattering, here a team will based on composition destroy their opposition without any real chance to fight back. You have not yet experienced what it means to have a match devoid of fun until you have lost a match in Battleborn while not being able to do anything but slowly wait for the opponents to win. In the same way there are some very questionably exploitative things you can do in some of these maps, most notably a character who can snipe an enemy turret from across the map.-The servers are always online and connected to Steam. If Steam decides to go down for 1 second for a routine maintenance, you are thrown out completely. There is also no saving in story missions, which might be a problem for people who do not feel like sitting 20 to 30 minutes to finish one every time they turn on the game.-The lore challenges are absurd. The game wants you to finish 5 lore challenges for every character and even rewards you with gear and an achievement for doing so for each individual character, but some of them are completely insane. Some challenges want you to act and play in a way that is basically sabotaging yourself, forcing you to kill your opponents in a specific way, which just brings up annoyance. Other challenges will want you to play a number of matches with a specific other character, or kill a specific other character, which can be quite nerve-wrenching. Having to play 5 matches with a character that basically nobody plays while you also have to be able to pick one of the most commonly picked character is just a slap in the face. These challenges do nothing but hinder the enjoyment of people who want to finish them and unlock their rewards.In conclusion, this feels like a game that has so much potential, but the developers have taken so many steps to try to botch it as hard as they can. The gameplay feels really good, the character selection is impressive and fun, the game looks good, it sounds good. However, as good as the core mechanics and features of the game are, everything around it seems extremely lackluster. From the barebones content in both versus and story mode, to the awful balance in both of those. It is rare to get a fluid and fun matchup in the game where both sides feel like they are having the same chances. The story mode also feels like it was just thrown together at the last minute, and together with some insanely bad decisions about how the characters and gear is being unlocked, and how bad the challenges the game presents you to do are, the game feels like it is deliberately trying to stop you from having fun. The game could be a gem, instead it has so many bad decisions made to how it was handled by the developer that it is currently just a butchered version of what it could be. Here is hoping that this could change in the future."
76561198037451866,Recommended,394230,22800163,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,2Dement3D,"Battleborn in a Nutshell• Class-based First Person Shooter with MOBA elements made by the team from Borderlands.• 25 Unique Playable Characters. Each one has 3 skills and a personal fighting style.• Cannot be the same character as another player in public matches, but can in private ones.• In-match levels start from 1  and go up to 10 when you kill enemy players and minions.--- Each level allows you to select a boost (""Helix"") for your character.• Can also unlock more Helix options for a specific character the more you play with them.• 8 PvE Story Missions which can be done from 1-5 players.• 3 PvP&E Gamemodes, all of which are 5v5. Each mode has it's own two maps.• AI Minions (the main ""& E"" of PvP&E) help you take the fight to the enemy team.•Online connection required--- Can play all missions and gamemodes solo while connected.• Various gear also provides boosts to your character, but requires shards to use.• Shards are obtained on each map.--- Shards are used to spawn defenses and tough minions as well as using gear.• Randomly-generated gear packs are purchased using in-game currency.--- In-game currency itself is gained from playing any mode.• Tons of unlockable titles, skins and taunts.--- Some seem to be solely obtained from the previously mentioned gear packs.• More characters, PvP maps and PvP gamemodes promised in future viafreeupdates.• FuturePaidDLC will be additional PvE Story missions as well as skins/taunts.On the technical side of things, AMD users have been reporting some framerate issues at the moment, while far fewer Nvidia users also experience similar issues. Nvidia has released a driver update for Battleborn which hopefully fixes these issues, but AMD have yet to do so.Overall, it's a very solid game that's a whole lot of fun, but perhaps lacking in mode/map variety at the moment. Personally, I don't mind playing on the same maps, as I get enjoyment out of the character roster instead. It's blatantly obvious that Gearbox have put a lot of effort into making each character stand out from the crowd, even among the gun-wielding ones, and it ends up making my character choice difficult every game.8.5/10.This needs to be in your library at some point if you're a Borderlands, FPS or MOBA fan."
,Recommended,394230,28562005,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ocfos,"Very underrated, and sadly lowly populated. I hope the christmas sale at least marks a rise in players."
,Not Recommended,394230,24059899,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Skäre'da,"Battleborn started as a fairly decent game that went downhill in it's months, with actual reasons behind it. I first played the open beta because it seemed cool, it was made by the same people who made Borderlands, so that got me hooked onto it. A lot of it's humor seems to be coming from Borderlands 2 other than the slightly worse Pre-Sequel, and much of the gameplay style seems fun and original, co-op slightly resembling Borderlands however, but all of Borderlands mechanics seemed to have been adapted and changed into Competitive Play.Then Battleborn got ultimately thrashed by Overwatch, people made unecassary comparisons due to it's art style and class based mechanics. From playing both, they're both entirely different games, however, quality-wise, Overwatch seems to be a more well-developed 2016 game than Battleborn.Competitive Play is a nightmare, with queues that take up half an hour, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ match-ups (Teamed with people who just started playing against people who know the game like theb ack of their hand), and the most common complaint, the player base that stooped beneath 1k, which i'll talk about later. There seems to be balance issues between characters as well.Co-Op seems, sadly, the highlight of this game. Co-Op actually manages to be fun, but with a few game-breaking bugs in the way, more infamously, players and enemies getting stuck outside the map, and on another note, there are only a few co-op maps.In it's recent months however, Gearbox seems to be doing such a♥♥♥♥♥♥job at promoting it and upkeeping it, the game fell apart. Gearbox is desperately trying to keep this game alive, despite it already being practically dead at below 1k people. A surprising two million people played the open beta, then bugs, microtransactions, and it's competitor, Overwatch killed it.The game's dead and mangled guys, don't put $60 into this, or summer sale wise, $30."
76561198051233987,Recommended,394230,26978438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blambra,"i'd take a bullet for this game at this point, i love it. i love the characters, i love the gameplay, i love the visuals. i have no qualms about it, and for the most part my issues with it like the optimization have been resolved (a lot of the maps run a LOT smoother than they did in the first few months. a lot of the earlier complaints about frame drops are no longer relevant imo). i play this game almost every day, and i've stuck my neck out to socialize with others in this community more than any other. this was the first game i tried pvp on, and while its not always great matchmaking (ive gone against the same handful of teams so many times im surprised we're not on a first name basis yet), i think its more of an issue of not having enough people online at any given time. which leads to people complaining, then leaving, then adding to the issue. theres no firm reason for it. theres a lot of little reasons for it, but none of them by themselves would be enough to sink any other game this hard. its depressing, especially when a lot of people ive met over this game love it so intensely, but i'm still going to hold out hope for it. the future is uncertain, but as long as this game brings me joy i'm going to fight for itif you like distinct, engaging playstyles among a robust cast of well-developed characters, light-hearted humor and plenty of worldbuilding to unlock as you go along, maybe you should check out this game!! if not, that's fine too!! i'm not going to force you."
,Recommended,394230,31751725,Posted: 14 May,all,TrollAndAHalf,"THIS IS NOT OVERWATCHIt is a great game, fun and enjoyable, and yes the community is dead (sadly) but still very fun to play with friends. If you are forever alone, and have no friends, you're fresh outta luck..."
,Recommended,394230,29265201,Posted: 14 January,all,Runnico,"A game with a small community.Etremely well made.Cool developers that interact with the community.Very addicting.Huge gameplay content, pve, pvp, solo, co-op etc.30 awesome characters to master.Need a very good pc to run smoothly.Funny.Hundreds of hours of fun if not thousands to see everything.One of the best games I've every played.If you dont have a good pc, but have a console, get it for console first."
76561197963357019,Recommended,394230,26109805,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,good.good.good,"Good game, unfortunate circumstances"
,Recommended,394230,32224853,Posted: 6 June,all,ConnerPlays,"A pretty alright FPS MOBA-like game.It's definitly not Overwatch in the same vein that Overwatch isnt Team Fortress 2.And now that it's Free to Play, grab some friends and try it out."
76561197966717909,Recommended,394230,29433135,Posted: 22 January,all,Sanami,Don't let the mix review fool you. The game is absolutly amazing! most of the not recommand review people DO think the game is great! just not a huge community. So dont turn away and help this underrated gem shine!
,Not Recommended,394230,25463055,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[52ndNY]DavidXlongshot,"I can remember playing this game in Beta, I liked it and it ran well! Saw it was on sale awhile ago,gave it a go and played some PvE for the story.......oh my god....the game is running poorly! But...I have pretty good specs! When looking away from a busy screen to a clear, nice frames, turn againa nd horrible! It's so hard to play multiplayer because the optimization is nothing like in beta which make sit almost impossible to play! And so hard to get a kill!I love the world, characters and story for this franchise but jesus...make sure it runs and have some decent content!"
,Recommended,394230,32223815,Posted: 6 June,all,Dr. Übermensch,"It's a sin how little players there are, now with the Free to play version coming out I hope to see moar than 200 people playing it at peak times. The game is great, get it if you can."
,Recommended,394230,30604055,Posted: 18 March,all,diss</3,Very underrated game.
76561197994830401,Recommended,394230,23147607,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,mediumvillain,"Haven't had quite this much fun w/ a shooter since... well, Borderlands. This game is not Overwatch (which is a bit more like TF2 w/ a large roster), it's an FBS/MOBA hybrid w/ a co-op story mode that plays kinda like a horde mode game, w/ escort, defense & raid style missions (on Advanced difficulty the story missions can get quite difficult, and yeah, sometimes annoyingly so).  There are a ton of characters for whatever kind of playstyle you're interested in, whether you're used to RPG characters, typical shooter archetypes, any kind of crazy melee heroes (dwarves, knights, samurai, fencers, luchador), or homicidal mechanical monsters - It's like a mishmash of sci-fi, fantasy, & pop culture. The charming humor you may remember from Borderlands is there all throughout, from character callouts & taunts to sometimes absurd story dialogue that can change up depending on the characters present. You will find a way to have fun w/ this game - just experiment w/ mechanics and abilities until you find the character/playstyle & game mode that works for you.There are some QoL & balance issues that aren't ideal, but there have been consistent updates/fixes, and Gearbox seems to be listening & responding to the community for the most part.  There are a few recurring imbalances: the notorious Galilea, good at pretty much everything, she's the most overpowered character since beta; ISIC, the hilarious death-obsessed AI whose Ultimate turns him into an absurd DPS powerhouse, trivializing most of story mode; & Marquis, the robot butler/sniper you'll see in every PvP match b/c of his insane critical hit damage & easy headglitching (also making him a magnet for aimbot users). Some people have reported issues w/ matchmaking, but I haven't experienced many problems. If I want a public PvP match, I find one w/o issue. Public story mode matchmaking works most of the time, but who you get matched up with can vary greatly.Overall, Battleborn scratches a lot of gaming itches - from competitive shooters to MMORPG raids, horde modes games, & MOBAs, & there's plenty of ways to have fun w/ it."
,Recommended,394230,32229246,Posted: 6 June,all,ShinyVarg,"A lot of negative hype and was overshadowed, I love everything about this game however. I'd like it to have the player base it deserves.Definitely give it a go."
,Not Recommended,394230,23903986,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,n.w.s,"I wanted to like this game, and in the beginning I did enjoy it. I saw through the long load times, the long  queue times, how annoying extensive stuns, knockups, slows and blinds are in first person, how leavers messing up the balance was the norm. How you would sign up for a co-op mission and get paired with just one player.I tolerated this because I wanted an FPS moba, I had fun with Super Monday Night Combat and hoped that this would be the more refined approach a AAA studio could deliver and finally make a breakthrough for the genre.However, once the rose-tinted glasses lost their magic, the enjoyment faded. Whenever I picked my favorite characters I felt I was doing a disservice to the team, because imbalance dictated I should pick a fotm. Only having 1 in 5 matches be a balanced one was too little. Getting CCed to no end just wasn't fun and the frequency of people leaving or DCing from both PvP and Co-op began to wear me down.With enough enthusiasm, fun can be had; but these things will wear you down and you will be left with a bitter taste. Especially after paying full bucks for the Season Pass, only to have microtransactons added only a couple of months after launch."
76561198052837452,Not Recommended,394230,25473506,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Idox,TBH the game should be made F2P and players who baught should be heavily compensated
,Recommended,394230,22845884,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Endlessly,"Do you like Borderlands?Do you like MOBA's like SMITE, League of Legends etc.?Do you like co-op games?Do you like unique characters?Do you like to slaughter hordes of enemies?Do you like cartoon graphics?If your answer is yes to atleast 4 out of 6 questions then consider buying this game.-Review update 11/5/2016:So far I have been enjoying the game. Level 28 at the minute. The only thing that slightly annoys me is the lack of missions. Community is friendly. Haven't met a single rager so far. Communication between players could be a bit better."
,Recommended,394230,26140017,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"I bought this game with the intention of only playing the single player privately. I bought the deluxe on sale.I'm a huge Borderlands fan. So I was sad to hear that the reviews for this game were average and that the community was withering.So I started to play this game with apprehension. However, I can say, after playing through half the story missions, I'm thoroughly enjoying this game. The game looks beautiful, the gunplay and the different characters and their abilities are fun.I feel that I need to review this game now, because the developers have shown ongoing commitment to this game despite the dwindling player database, by releasing dlc. I find that admirable, because this game is a labour of love.This game does not seem similar to Overwatch, which I have played for hundreds of hours. Overall the concept and diversity in gameplay in this game interests me more. However the cosmetic items in this game, cannot compare to Overwatch. However, I would say that the overall art style of this game is more interesting for me. Besides, Overwatch has no story mode, the story is generated mostly outside of the game or hints within the multiplayer maps. This is all within the game.Overall, I would say it is not fair to judge this game until you try it. As a person who finds Call of Duty single player campaigns are becoming stale, and wants something like borderlands, but a little bit different (perhaps a little less wandering). I am happy with my purchase and really happy that I picked it up on sale.One of the overlooked, underrated treasures of this year."
,Not Recommended,394230,23568274,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Saphiricia,"Used to be a fun game but Gearbox puts more effort into making a cash shop then cracking down on aimbots or improving queue times. Most times you'll be stuck in lobby for 20+ minutes, hoping the game will find people for you to play against and their ""free"" heroes are behind a grindwall. Also the mindlessness of their fans is unprecedented. I've been given death threats, told I will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥before being killed, and generally have been ♥♥♥♥♥ed at for pointing out even the most minor of flaws in the game. DO NOT buy this game if you're looking for a helpful, positive community; you will not find it here."
76561197999114374,Recommended,394230,23240075,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Human Bean Juice,"EDIT: With the extremely low player base, the fact that updates are really only coming once a month on a game that still needs so much work, as well as the ludicrous new in game currency for a $60 dollar title... I can't really recommend it. I wish I could, I really do, but GBX/2K or whoever is to blame shot this game in the face, and it does not seem like they'll fix it ever.The game REQUIRES about a 10 hour time investment until it ""clicks"" and you start to see the bigger picture. It really is an extremely addicting game and a crazy amount of fun, and it's a shame that it is getting overlooked.Yet, the game is far from perfect. Having some strange/bad design choices (mostly in terms of UI) and is still missing some much needed things (post game lobbies, better character selector menu, abuse reporting, tutorials for game modes/characters) that a MOBA should have. The lack of polish on certain things such as El Dragon's body slam, or the UI make the game look and feel like it is in beta.The screen clutter problem and balance issues are extremely overstated, visual effects can be a little overwhelming at first but it grows on you.  Contrary to what people say, the game has plenty of content, and the character design ranges from good to utterly fantastic.I never thought the humor in the Borderlands series was very good, and as BB is a Gearbox game the humor ranges from pretty funny to cringe city. I do find the humor to overall be much better than the Borderlands games.If you liked Monday Night Combat, you'll love it. If you like MOBAS and FPSs, you'll probably like it.Obligatory Overwatch comparison: They are not really comparable and both are fantastic. But I will mention that Overwatch IS a more polished game in terms of design and shooting mechanics. Battleborn offers a deeper gameplay experience with progression and single player. Battleborns games are much longer and more methodical, everything (including minions) takes much longer to kill. If you like instant gratification shooters with the kill/die/respawn formula, Battleborn is probably not your cup of tea."
,Recommended,394230,23195684,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Krieger,"If you're considering this game, you need to remember that Battleborn is actually a MOBA that has a single-player campaign, not a Hero Deathmatch as many seem to think.Here you'll find one an innovative take on the genre mixing Borderlands style of art and humour with game modes that may be more reminescent of SMITE than LoL as far as MOBAs goes.On the downside, if you're not playing from NA/EU, you better set your region in Steam to those as it seems to affect the matchmaking."
,Recommended,394230,22800393,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,General James Longstreet,English is not my first language so apologies for poor quality. I can not write a master book.This game is incredible. It is fast speed. Very much action. This game is also very balance. I am having very much fun playing. Please buy and play with me :) I love it alot very much. I usually play while highly intoxicated. Still do okay I think.
76561198006628198,Recommended,394230,31717757,Posted: 13 May,all,OrochiFuror,"The best mix of FPS and Moba. Like Smite only faster paced and smaller maps, or Monday night combat, if you've ever heard of that, still smaller maps though. Multiple game types, single player/co-op missions and amazing characters. The only down side, and it's a big one, is player base size. Getting games can take a while and likely going to be rough due to wide range of player skill. It's a moba, team comps matter, positioning and knowing who can do what matters, working together matters.Free to play version is LIVE go try it out, PVP only(also bot matches.) Lets hope this gets the support it needs to keep making new content."
,Recommended,394230,25380432,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,you're not thinking covfefe,"Battleborn is an exciting, original game with an impressive amount of content that will keep me busy for a good long while. It has some serious problems, but these are sufficiently outweighed by the game's quality to offer a lot of fun. I've more than got my money's worth already and there's much more to do. Pick it up on sale (it's very cheap on Amazon right now) and have a go.Pros:- Superb writing and narrative concept. It has all the quirky humour of Borderlands 2, with even richer characterisation and better dialogue. There's also a lot of writing in each story episode: every playthrough can have a different script.- Soon to be 30 playable characters, each with their own abilities and skills. Huge potential for individual playstyle, and lots of replyability.- Extended support is in place, with more content coming out. Gearbox are actively working on improving and balancing the game.- A pretty good community once you get in-game.- Challenges, skins, taunts, and lore to unlock for the completionist in you.- Three different PvP modes and a number of story missions which let you practice and get gear.Cons:- Really low player base. The game was marketed abysmally and has suffered from it... But it's quite fun seeing familiar faces in versus.- Poor matchmaking. There's often a big skill gap in games. Gearbox are working on it but until numbers pick up it's a challenge.- It's irritating constantly hearing assertions that the game is dead or seeing inappropraite comparisons to Overwatch. Battleborn is a unique game and I'm still having great fun with it."
,Not Recommended,394230,28806029,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ＤＪ 👻 ʷʰᵉᵉ,"If I'm being honest, I actually really enjoyed the time that I had playing this game. It's bright, fast-paced, and leans heavily towards objective gameplay (which I love). The game modes were different from any other mulitplayer/shooter that I've played before. The graphics were good and everything was smooth. It was easy to pick up the controls and learn how to play. It's honestly a great game, but I can't recommend it.There is NO ONE playing this game. In the 2.2 hours that I put in, I would say that AT LEAST half of that time was spent waiting in matchmaking lobbies looking for teammates and opponents. I got so frustrated that I decided to check the community page to see how many people were actually playing. The answer was always just under 400 inidividuals. FOUR HUNDRED! I would literally play games with all the same people every time. It didn't matter which game mode or anything, the same people were always there.If there were more people playing, this game would be incredible. Unfortunately, it came out at the wrong time and they did a horrible job marketing it. Because of that, it has almost no players.It's a shame, really."
,Not Recommended,394230,25139186,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Spacebound,"Lobby simulator 2016 - $80 CAD well spent..The devs like to ""keep thing interesting"" by adding new characters to the game.  However, in a very predictable move, the characters are only free to those who pay for Seasons Pass and cost far too much for the ""average gamer"" to be able to purchase.  I've got about 70+ hours in the game, have spent maybe 20k coins on packs, and I still haven't been able to afford a single character of the two that have been ""released"" to the community."
,Recommended,394230,26078333,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,AV Archivist,"Having played over 100hrs now, I have to say this game is awesome:- Christopher Sabat (AKA ♥♥♥♥ing Vegeta!) voices a badass space-samurai!- Amazing voice acting and dialog all around- Mature and non-toxic community- Awesome, diverse characters and gameplay styles- Good story- Great audio- Well done humour- Fun and highly replayable- Really great PVP balanceThe first DLC was fantastic and it's got me looking forward to more. It's nice to see the devs remaining dedicated to developing the game."
,Not Recommended,394230,25484119,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ｘｅｌｏｎ,"Battleborn is a great game that has suffered a bunch of problems not enntirely due to its own fault.It came out around the Time Overwatch was coming out. which was quite the contender.so already between Overwatch and Battleborn people were split. but blizzard won out, after all it had cross promotions in World Of Warcraft, Hearthstone and even Heroes of the Storm.this led to a losing contest, where one can argue in the end they just gave up.content is slowly released to a dying playerbase.i feel like if this game was released a week for now, it would be far more succesful. but the only way we are going to see this game come back to good standards is to pull an Evolve, and Relaunch it as ""Battleborn 2; 2nd Assault"" or something as a free game."
,Not Recommended,394230,23916120,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,rk_nari,"Ghost Town, dont buy it."
,Recommended,394230,31427167,Posted: 28 April,all,Karkas,"The only reason I didn't buy this game on release is that it was labeled ""MOBA""Little did I know that that is only one of hte many different game modes in Battleborn, and I was late to join a game that truly amazing.Pros:Hilarious dialogueGreat charactersFun modesAmazing attacksUnique skillsRich loreMany options on how to playMatches any playstyleMemorable momentsIntense fightsFantastic StoryEtcCons:Low playercountCan lag on certain maps (Though this could be my computer)Obtaining gear is random, so you can buy specific typesI seriously couldn't think of much that I didn't like about this game. The community is fun, the story levels' dialogue change and can be affected by who you're playing as, Single player, co-op, or pvp, it's got it all. This was easily worth all the money I paid for it. I see people giving bad reviews who have obviously never played it, and that's just messed up. Give this game a chance."
,Not Recommended,394230,30240966,Posted: 28 February,all,Spooky Vanish™,"I believe, at its core, Battleborn has the potential to be a really good game. I really do. If they focused on adding more to the PVE content, this game would be a lot better. But unfortunately, it's not a lot better. It sank before it even hit the water. Severely focusing on its replayability (which spoiler alert; for the price tag, having only 8 story missions and 5 addon missions and maining a PVP focus , isn't worth it in my opinion.) which, isn't very replayable. You're only replaying content to see how other characters are and how they preform. The replayability would go up, if there was more content to REPLAY.So I will have to give this a negative review. Which, I don't want to. I love playing this game, it feels great and punchy. It has real weight and depth. It's art style is what you'd expect, and likely want out of a gearbox game. And IMHO, the best part is looking down and seeing that you have a body, legs and feet (think of all the triple A titles that DONT'T HAVE THAT FEATURE. Not saying they would be better because of it, but... it adds to the experience in a small fashion. Though, i am petty. And get amused at the little things.)But I digress. The game needs to focus more on it's creative, funny and diverse cast, and add more to what little the campaign actually is.Conclusion: Negative (or mixed) Review. Buy this game on sale, and no other time. Unless one day it suddenly becomes good (I.E More PVE and story content)."
76561198073257273,Recommended,394230,24474503,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,KetzuKetzu KetzuKetzu,"More than 500 hours into the game, and it's only going up.Mobas are cool, but the actual gameplay is always so 2 dimensional and boring. Battleborn brings the FPS Hero class shooter (and a lot of melee characters) aspect into it, as well as having actual platforming and movement. It feels fun, and is only visually confusing when it's still new to you. Give it a week and you'll read all of the madness like a normal person, unless you lack the mental capacity.The humor is a step up from borderlands in the sense that there is more of it. The characters all spout random nonsense consistently and even at this point having played them all a good amount, I hear new things still. Some are more funny than others, but they're all very unique and even the serious characters have humorous lines.It was hard to sleep the first night after playing the game all day, because my face hurt so much from laughing for about 20 hours straight.Here I am, over 500 hours later, still loving the game and playing it at least 5-7 days a week, even if only for an hour because of my job. I still grind for gear that I don't have yet.The game is a delightful experience, but it does have a learning curve. You can't play it strictly like a shooter, as kills are more difficult and have more meaning. Objectives are more important than kills, which are just 'convenient', since it's technically a moba. At this point, the most active players, like me, have the experience and gear to even just accidentally stomp new players, so there's a naturally even harder learning curve for new people.The worst part about the game is the lack of players, simply put.Something else is the lack of a 'normal' amount of maps/missions. If it had story missions that weren't categorized into 3 types of missions, but rather that the missions were all unique in themselves, it would be a much more outstanding game. As it is, the 3 mission types are raids, defend points from hordes of enemies, or escorting an ai somewhere. The dialogue is different every time, with about 5 different pieces of dialogue per 'section' of a mission, hugely adding to the replayability. If there were the origin stories of each individual battleborn, even if only for a single, short mission, that would add to this game a whole lot more. Being able to live/relive their histories would add to the immersion of a universe that is so suddenly 'in peril', and hard to empathize with. It's mostly a pvp game with neat, relevant pve missions that are 30 minutes to 1 hour long. I still do them mostly to get better gear, but sometimes just hearing that one, hilarious piece of dialogue is worth an hour of time.If you really want to get into it, don't be discouraged by good players, just try to learn how to utilize characters, and try them out instead of 'being only a sniper'. Some of my friends started out like that, and now they're using melee assassins because they learned that they enjoyed simply player killing heroes, or supports because they liked to cover our asses whether it was literally or from a distance. Team composition is everything. It's rare that a single player carries a team, and a single player can carry a team if the opposing team doesn't think to apply average teamwork to that single player.No hero is powerful enough to the point of being able to effectively take on a few at once. Team compositions need balance, but a balanced team does nothing without teamwork. Nobody is truly overpowered, but some characters will absolutely murder bad teams/team compositions.If you enjoy gearbox's humor, mobas, shooters, and a neat art style, this game is for you. It might take some time to get used to it, but it's worth a chance.Also, don't compare it to Overwatch. Any unbiased youtube comparison video will say the same. It's like comparing Team Fortress/Call of Duty/Destiny to League of Legends/Smite/Dota. Battleborn is a moba with fps gameplay. OW and BB only share the hero class character choice type, fps camera style, and non-realistic art style. Overwatch is more about who shoots first, and battleborn is all about using a more important combination of things to complete objectives, sometimes with killing players involved."
,Recommended,394230,28580393,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zyna,Battleborn is totally worth checking out if you can get it on sale. Otherwise I have to say its not worth the 79.99$ they want for it.
76561197999564595,Not Recommended,394230,23245641,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mortiest Morty,"If you are in New Zealand you will not find matche's and if you do you will be lagging with high pings.I bet this game could be fun if the match making had more player freedom. It needs an option to select region or even drop in and out of story mode. So you could start alone and let players join and leave as they wish.I've spent over 60min waiting in matchmaking to get nowhere.So been a couple of weeks now and there has been no patch to fix this.Thanks for all the tips guys and girls.I'm not playing this game anymore and have deleted it.If anyone is looking for a nice firstperson moba take a look at ""Paragon"""
,Recommended,394230,22796022,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Uxan Rokka,"I didnt think I would like Battleborn. I didnt play the beta, I was not following the development of the game. Then I watched my brother play a round on his PS4. OKay Maybe i'll try it...I was wrong to think I wouldn't like this game.The humor of Borderlands, the fast-pace action of a FPS shooter, with the Arena's of a MOBA. I hated League of Legends, but loved the WC3 DOTA MOD. Im hooked. I would fully recommend this game to anyone looking for something new. The servers are stable, I have had no bug or errors of any kind thus far.11/10 would not understand why I didnt like this game only to spend food money for a week to get it asap again."
76561198014855644,Recommended,394230,23832366,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Chaordient,"This game is great.  The only thing people really complain about is the low number of people playing it. It is a self-fulfilling prophesy. Buy it, Play it, it is a quality game.I know there is an obligatory statement that this is not overwatch, which is true. But a better way to put it is, this is not a traditional first person game at all. All of the gameplay tropes of FPS's are thrown to the wind; this is, in my opinion, all for the better. People go into the game with a standard FPS attitude, assuming its all micro personnal skill, and no team-strategy.Battleborn asks you to make good decisions, and punishes you for making bad ones. This is the true factor that it brings from MOBA's. People complain about balance? I don't want to be that guy that say's ""git gud!"" but instead i'll say, don't be bad. Dying matters, and keeping yourself from dying is actually possible. This is not a game where you seige until you die, or defend until the seige gives up. It asks you to be smart.I've played characters where i just felt like i was horrible at playing it, or maybe even had the though that the character was just bad in general. But then prescious moments happen and i realize how well the game is designed. I will think hard and figure out a strategy for a character, and it clicks. I start wrecking. Another weird piece of satisfaction is where i've given up on a character because i think they are bad... but then i see on the enemy team playing it. I get destroyed. The game keeps you on your toes, You can't just get good with one character, you have to get good VS other characters. How do i beat them? When is a bad time not to go in? When is it a good time to charge into difficult odds?Just try it, The coop is fun, especially with friends, the PvP is amazing and has a great feel to it. Don't ignore a gem because you're scared of low numbers, because you are just contributing to the problem."
76561198079003857,Recommended,394230,29365080,Posted: 19 January,all,Dubsky,"I don't have any long winded review and I don't have anything to say about the game that you haven't already seen in other reviews all I can say is me personally I've had ALOT of fun with this game, sure it has it's problems (All games do) but it's a fun game and I don't think it deserves to have a ""mixed"" rating with reviews."
76561198069264639,Not Recommended,394230,23229063,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,whoot™,"Payed $79 to support the game on release..... weeks after they start a special promotion (probably because of Overwatch) and make the game 40% off.Meanwhile the people who supported the game and paid $79 get jack (bugs and garbage matchmaking) on release and still ongoing. Also we have to pay for the seasons pass WTF.I really wanted to say this game was good when I played the Beta I had fun but from there being no maps, repetitive game modes, unbalanced characters, and garbage match making I can’t suggest this game no longer."
,Recommended,394230,23076083,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,squidz0rz,F
,Recommended,394230,32815010,Posted: 26 June,all,DeeTour,"Been playing this since it came out, Beta on PS4, but then continued on PC. It is a really good game, even thou it has had its hickups. The community is not as toxic as other games and the learning curve is a bit steeper than for ex OW.It is sad that the playerbase is so low."
,Recommended,394230,29770678,Posted: 7 February,all,Zdeno Chara in a Bunny Suit,"A very good mashup of MOBA and Borderlands-style humor and artwork. The launch was undoubtedly rough, but I urge people to give it a second look.A great game that deserves a larger player base than it has."
76561197970739339,Recommended,394230,22773225,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"I fell in love with Battleborn almost as soon as the beta began. Early on, due to persistent issues with matchmaking, trying to play this game with pubs was an exercise in rage-inducing futility. In addition, due to issues with optimization and ""always-online"" connectivity respectively, two of my friends were unable to play it, though one later could. Find out if you can run it, and then try the free version, because in spite of the above, it's good. Most of the negativity you hear is purely memetic. I bought it day one and don't regret one cent. On the other hand, I would very much like the forty bucks back I paid for Overwatch.If you weren't aware and apparently many weren't, Battleborn is a five player coop, or five versus five competitive team first-person shooter with a much better (read: longer) time-to-kill ratio then the average, and many elements taken from MOBAs. If that's not your cup of tea, and believe me, I understand, then this review will probably not change your mind.In the distant future, thanks to a race of horrible dark energy-oozing aliens called the Varelsi, there is only one star left in the entire goddamn universe: Solus. To make matters worse, a madman by the name of Lothar Rendain, former general of the brutal Jennerit Empire, has decided to team up with the Varelsi, removing the Empress Lenore and transforming his nation into the even more brutal Jennerit Imperium. But all is not lost! Enter the Battleborn, a rag-tag group of electic resistance fighters from each of the five remaining factions, including former members of the Empire, who are poised to stop Rendain and save the last star. As one of the 30 playable members of the Jennerit, the United Peacekeeping Republics, the Last Light Consortium, the Eldrid or the Rogues, you will battle through hordes of Rendain's Thrall troops, minion robots, and Varelsi monsters and massive bosses in nine story missions, five DLC levels, or fight against other battleborn in various gametypes.Battleborn is first and foremost an FPS. if you can't aim, you can't win. That being said, each of of the playable characters conforms to a different niche of play, and surprisingly, about half the cast are melee-focused fighters, most lacking a ranged weapon entirely. This can prove a disadvantage, and I would personally prefer that they have some kind of weak ranged attack just as a means of staying involved in a fight, but most of them instead have means of closing the distance, blocking or avoiding incoming fire, or diverting attenton. Conversely, ranged characters often have means of preventing enemies from drawing close or otherwise escaping a melee, and every character's quick melee attack knocks enemies away a short distance. The key difference between Battleborn and an ordinary team shooter is really in the active abilities, and using them both often and skillfully, as well as selecting the right augments, will give you an edge in individual engagements. In story, this is enough, but in versus... well. Just, bring a good team. You'll thank me later.In the style of MOBAs, you begin each round, story or versus, at level 1. You begin with both of your basic abilities, with a third, ""ulitmate"" ability unlocking at level 5. At each level you have a choice of two ""augments"", which add additional passive effects to your active abilities, basic attacks, movement options, etc. Far from the incremental stat boosts you get from leveling in other MOBAs, these augments are major game changers. In general, the left choices are more defensive while the right ones are offensive.You acquire ""shards"" in-game that allow you to build things on the map likes turrets or spawn more powerful minions, and can also be used to purchase one of three ""gear"" items that you select prior to starting a match. You can only have three items in each loadout, but you may save several loadouts. This is this game's answer to the in-game item shops of DOTA-style games. These items come in several rarities, with orange-rank items confering the most dramatic effects. It's less complex then in other MOBAs, but is still probably the most in-depth mechanic in this game and will probably require you to experiment with different loadouts and to tailor them to your preferred characters.Outside of individual matches the game tracks your progress with individual character and overall ""command"" rank, and leveling these rewards you with, in the case of characters, new skins, titles and taunts, and five new augments that give you a third choice at certain in-game levels, while leveling your command rank unlocks new titles, and the occasional reward item pack containing faction-specific items, including at least one skin. All battleborn are unlocked if you purchase the game, while free players can obtain them with in-game credits and have access to a free rotation of five characters. There are many, many other challenges as well, with each character also having specific challenges to them, unlocking which confers bits of lore about that character, as well as a character-specific legendary gear item if you unlock them all. However, some of these are the most obnoxious challenges in the game, though some were later patched.I thoroughly enjoyed the story mode, which makes good use of Gearbox's now-signature off-beat writing and humor (with considerably less memes, if that bugged you in Borderlands) The music, the voice acting, the color palette, the hand-drawn prologue cutscene and accompanying rap, the character design- it all works, its all stylish. Battleborn is one of the most asthetically pleasing games I've ever played. But it is regrettably very short, especially compared to Borderlands, meaning that in spite of a large cast of characters to try and challenges to complete, the lasting time investment of the game will probably have to come from versus, and that carries with it a set of problems.The major problem with Battleborn at launch: It's dependance on other players for the quality of your experience, which is my beef with MOBAs in general and why I quit LOL and never touched DOTA 2. You lost a considerable percentage of matches if you queued for them solo, or even with one other player. Battleborn is extremely team-synergy focused and if you don't have that synergy, you will lose over and over. It's actually more important then individual player skill, and coupled with an actually reasonable damage model, sets Battleborn apart from its Call-of-Duty-influenced contemporaries. At launch, the game's matchmaking system was deeply flawed (You know, like matchmaking in general), regularly pitting premade 5-player teams against random pubs, resulting in most matches being depressingly one-sided. About half of my matches  ended in a surrender, including the victories, because the losing team is losing so hard that they don't feel like wasting their time playing the match out to completion. This is not the experience I had in in the Beta, oddly, though I am not precisely sure what changed that caused this. There was also a persistent issue with players behaving not only as if they are inexperienced in Battleborn, but inexperienced playing shooters period. I reguarly saw absolutely boneheaded behavior and it drove me up a wall.Since my enjoyment of a versus game is directly related to not only my personal success but my win percentage, which may be the wrong way of looking at it, I admit, It's nice to take a break and play the ""bots battle"" mode, which allows you to face AI teams for the same rewards as players, especially helpful considering the very limited number of players these days.I love Battleborn in spite of its many glaring issues, and while I expected better in the first place, I also expect more from it in the future, especially considering the ongoing fixes, like the sniping exploit on Overgrowth. If you have some competent friends I think you will enjoy it as well."
76561198098000657,Recommended,394230,25594812,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DrSykk,"Battleborn is probably the most underrated game of 2016. It has addictive gameplay with unique style and characters. Easily a 9/10.-The overall story, while not explored much, is very interesting. Plus, every character has their own backstory that you unlock by playing as them.-The combat is superb. The FPS mechanics are tight and none of the 28 (soon to be 30) unique characters feel overpowered.-Sound design is phenomenal. Most games don’t put too much thought into sound. But Battleborn somehow takes it to a new level. You can usually tell how far away and which direction someone is in by character dialogue alone. There was one instance off me hearing a fight underneath a bridge I was on, then jumping in and saving my teammate. The trade off is that there is very little music in the game, but that’s ok because what is there sounds great.-The dialogue is funny, with each character having their own, and usually unexpected, personality. For example, Pindles is a snake and assassin that can turn invisible, but he has the personality of a salesman.-Co-op story is short but the enemies are challenging and the boss fights are awesome. Plus it provides a great way to try out characters and grind gear.-Gear is free. You can only earn it by finding it in game, or by buying it with ingame currency. It’s also balanced as you have to unlock gear in each match with shards around the map.-It runs great, even on AMD cards. I have a AMD Radeon R9 380 and a AMD CPU, yet the game runs perfectly 99% of the time. If the game is giving you technical problems, try updating your drivers.-Amazing community. It’s small, but all the players are dedicated and friendly (most of the time).The only real criticism of the game I can give is that the matchmaking is bad. This problem has been amplified by the low player count which has made the matchmaking take a long time. If this game ever picks back up, this problem will be mostly gone. Till then, it’s a problem the game is stuck with. Personally, it’s a bug I’m willing to suffer through. The game is just that good."
,Recommended,394230,22825582,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Intense Autism,"Exactly the kind of game I was looking for. A perfect blend of skillfull combat, balanced (and not P2W like everyone was expecting) progression, a great cast of characters that interact well, building on the staple gearbox borderlands type humour.With a story mode that is to be expanded, 25 very unique heroes on launch, and diverse PVP, It's hard not to recommend this game. And no, It's nohing like overwatch, it's not a clone, a coppycat, or ridding on the bandwaggon(if anything it's more of a SMNC clone).I highly suggest that both people who enjoy the strategic gameplay of MOBAS, and/or the shooting of boarderlands pick this game up!"
,Recommended,394230,23146776,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Kalo,"Coming from a diverse and competitive background in both FPS's and MOBA's, Battleborn feels right at home in more ways than one. The game itself is very diverse, sporting Gearbox's classic taste in humor through a whole PvE campaign they've made replayable through loot incentives that affect the PvP in a (mostly) healthy way, and bringing the most original PvP gameplay of any other ""Hero Shooter"" to release this year.One huge highlight about the PvP is the unique skill cap. Unlike the masterful ability required in competitive CSGO, or the extremely large knowledge pool that is LoL or Dota 2, Battleborn rewards communication and teamwork in ways I've never felt before. Teamplay being so inherently important has its ups and downs though: queuing up solo can be very frustrating, and I very adamantly try to avoid it.The matchmaking, along with some optimization issues gamewide, need some tune ups, which I fully believe Gearbox will continue to work on. DLC is advertised as free, including new characters and maps, but the first DLC character has a huge in game currency cost for those who didn't purchase the season pass (which is only $20), leaving somewhat of a bad marketing taste (other ways to unlock her not confirmed, I'll be editing this).Overall, Battleborn is something I'll be playing for a lon time, so long as there is a community. Just #BelieveInBattleborn and Gearbox will continue to support this awesome game!"
76561198079222016,Not Recommended,394230,25760478,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The AntiHeroDrink,"I'm saddened to say as of 9/28/2016 I am uninstalling Battleborn and never playing this game again unless drastic steps are taken to fix the PvP. I've had this game from launch and played almost on religious basis for months, but the decline of players has deeply hurt the PvP experience and matches. If you have a group of friends who still play it could kill an hour and a half to an hour to wait for a game to start up then have at it for the rest of you do public matchmaking like me it really is hell long wait times under leveled teammates, versus teams of level 100s with legendaries and just maxed out character lore challenges. I don't know what Gearbox could do to go fix this game, but I pray they could find some solution the game was truly something ambitious but fun. I just can't take the weeks on end of the same problems every time I want to relax and play a MOBA.Guess I'm going back to Smite."
76561197993519750,Recommended,394230,22834846,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lucilius,Good solid base for a game.  Needs some more map styles.Also suggest more meaningful uses of shards such as buying back from death.Also suggest a Dota type heroe selection snake 1-2-2-2-1 system with only one type for each side.
,Recommended,394230,22801174,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ITS GARRETT,"Gearbox did it again; I love what they're capable of when left to their own devices.This game just oozes charm and personality. It doesn't take itself too seriously, but there's something still heatfelt and genuine about it. Every character feels like they could be the protagonist of their own stand-alone game, and there's not a single one I don't love. Even with the large roster, there's a surprising amount of depth put into each and every one.The gameplay blends some of the things I love about Borderlands and other FPS' into something unique and fresh, with a spin on the loot n'shoot formula, skills and character building, and that special, addictive kind of repetition. It's fun, lots of it, pure and simple.It's clear this game was made by people who love video games, for people who love video games."
,Recommended,394230,22819304,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,keep clams and remain shrimps,"I have beaten the campaign, and indulged myself in the harder modes it offers - as well as competitive playTL;DR near the bottomI wish there could be a maybe button as a suggestion towards this game. It isn't a bad game at all, and it isn't a clone or a copy of any other new and popular game. ( I'm looking at you, Overwatch ) I bought the game out of a chance, it's been awhile since I've purchased any $60 game at all. So with all of this in mind let me go ahead and point out why this is a maybe.There is no offline play, at allWhy yes, you read that correctly. Battleborn has no offline mode or setting atall.Now this isn't an issue, most games I play are online based and there are few that I actually play offline with at all. The only issue that I find with this, is that if you are playing with others or even by yourself it requires a internet connection. That means if you are playing the campaign solo, and you disconnect or lose connection to Steam.. then all of your progress will be washed away, and you'll be taken back to the main screen. It isn't a fun feeling to lose around 40 minutes of progress because of random Steam outages or random issues dealing with reality.This game strictly relies on playbase to keep goingBattleborn requires people to play it, in order to keep up and actually be worth playing. Think of it as Brink, which was boring as sin without people to play with. And that includes a problem.. which I'll be touching on right below.You need to have better than a potato to run this gameNow I have more than a potato, I have a pretty built up PC. I'm not going to list off my specs, if you want to know just ask. However I've found that many people are having problems with their frames dropping, or just random mishaps in general. Some people don't, and I'm glad they are able to play at a constant 60fps with max settings. However this game relies on playbase as I mentioned above, and most people aren't willing to dish out $60 for a game that requires a stable and bulked up PC to look nice and refreshing.This is a MOBANow it is a FPS, but it leans more towards the MOBA tag. Each character relies on abilities, which have cooldowns, levels that are gained by killing mobs or other players to increase abilities or add different status effects. MOBA's are a huge thing currently, and you can take your pick and choose. ( Dota 2, LoL, Smite.. and now Battleborn? )Unlocks, and gearMany people see the Gearbox and 2k logo's, read the ""From the creators of borderlands!"".. and instantly think:People: Well gosh this game must be like Borderlands, with alot of loot and items!Battleborn: Sure, we've got plenty of loot and unlocks!People: Well that's fantastic, so is it like millions of items and skins? What kind've items? How do we get them?Battleborn: Well.. like.. you can unlock skins by leveling your Battleborn up.. and items are dropped by bosses and large enemies.. did you say millions? I mean that's a large number man..People: So this isn't like borderlands?Battleborn: Well, no.People need to stop looking at prior games, this isn't Borderlands. It has humor, and it has that feel to it - but it isn't Borderlands.TL;DRBattleborn is a new step towards FPS's and MOBA's alike. It takes a step in the right direction in creativity, however falls short of the general playerbase by being a game that isn't acceptable by many. It wants to draw people in with humor, and the MOBA aspect.. but keep in mind that anyone can download anotherFREEMOBA and play that with a potato, instead of spending $60 for basically the same experience in a different skin and dimension.I hope that the game flourishes and that the playerbase grows and people stay playing. I don't want this to just die off after awhile, it would be a shame.This is my first time writing a review, I'm sorry if I didn't touch base on everything. I'm not rating the graphics since that to me is a silly thing to do. Everyone looks at things differently, so what looks good to me might not look good to you.7/10 - It isn't for everyone, quite literally."
76561197993792083,Not Recommended,394230,25405266,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Tuckilufigus,"I really wanted this game to do great, and I think I would've liked it more IF...IF I could even run it in the first place. I had AMD/ATI. Team red got pretty shafted on this one. I got tired of Nvidia's basic monopoly on the game market and went to team green, but I'd bet this game would liven up if it had even the remotest support and optimization for ATI.Gameplay wise it's fun, I set everything on low even editing INI files to turn off PhysX and some extra features that weren't needed and was barely just making 15-22 FPS on 3xHD7950's and an i7-3930k. Turning crossfire off didn't help either. I'm about to test the game on a GTX1080 and I suspect it will now run great because I bought an Nvidia card.But my opinion doesn't change. Please support team red more... I'm sure the playerbase would at least expand a BIT if the game was optimized better for the other 40%-50% of the video-card market. I'll remake my review later if things start to change, but I have yet to see it :/"
76561198092711493,Recommended,394230,22801827,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Trogdor,"No silly comments looking for upvotes here - just a great, fun game with a lot of heart.Battleborn can be compared more with something like Monday Night Combat than it can with something like Overwatch. The 25 characters (at launch) all feel unique and interesting, with that same Gearbox humor you probably know. And you probably know if you hate it or not.This game was clearly a labor of love. Do your research, to me this seems like one of those games that not everyone is going to dig right away.If you have the money to spend, buy it right away. It's great. If you don't, I'm sure it will be a big sale game like the BL series. Buy it then."
76561198026641143,Recommended,394230,23278039,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Benedict_87,"I'm not going to lie. There are some legitimate criticisms about this game and it does have some infrequent bugs here and there. They are still working on PVP Matchmaking, although it has gotten a lot better, and the marketing department infuriatingly tried to sell this as direct competition to a certain Blizzard game even though the two are not even remotely similar and that certain other game has generated almost as much hype as Star Wars VII. There are also people who will play this and dislike it because it's not their thing.Nothing I can do about that. But I can share my personal expeience, and in my opinion... this game is a hell of a lot of fun. It's also very, very addictive.No, the game doesn't have a deep story. It doesn't need to, though. It is a fun, cartooney, FPS with MOBA elements and it never loses it's lighthearted feel.The characters are likeable, awesome, and ridiculous.You can play the same match 20 times and have a different experience every time. The diversity in items and characters keeps the experience fresh, and the humor and silliness reminds you not to take it too seriously. I absolutely cannot stand Multiplayer FPS that takes itself too seriously because that invites the player to take it way too seriously and consequently, annoy casual players. While you occasionally have a hardcore jerk on the mic (that's every game) for the most part everyone's just in there to enjoy themselves. Like Team Fortress 2, this game invites you to embrace the ridiculous and just have a good time. And that's not to say there isn't challenge for those who want to explore it further, because there is. The lore challenges and the advanced modes will keep you very busy if you want something a bit harder.BEGINNER'S ADVICE... TAKE SOME TIME AND GET USED TO IT -  If you are just starting out, I highly recommend you do a couple solo missions first (or missions on normal difficulty). Maybe do a single player practice round or two on PVP just to get your footing. The experience is quite a bit different from a lot of other FPS games and it can take a bit of time to get into it. If you jump into PVP at command rank 2 or 3, you're just gonna get slaughtered and you're gonna have a bad time. If you try an advanced story mission and you're not comfortable with the game, you'll lose in 3 minutes. True story. Wound up on a team of mostly rank 1-6. Slaughtered in 3 minutes on advanced.UPDATES - The Gearbox team is listening to complaints. They are making changes. (Nerfing OP characters, fixing bugs, and releasing patches) If you run into a problem, mention it on their board as constructive criticism.THE FUTURE - This game is a lot of fun as it is. That said... it has the potential to grow and become really amazing. There are legitimate criticisms and issues, but they are working on them. I can't disagree with legitimate concerns about the game like bugs, or people trying it and finding that it's just not for them, but some reviews are just people being salty that they bought it before it went on sale, or making comparisons to a certain Blizzard game and how much better it is with it's 60 mile long hype train. I'd hate to see the game die before it reaches its full potential. It's not a bad game at all. But with a little love it could be amazing.As it is now, it's a silly, cartoon fun action adventure and if you go into it with that mindset, and take a few hours to get into the groove, you'll probably have fun. 8/10"
76561197963831136,Recommended,394230,22785155,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Goroxx,Wholeheartedly recommend this game.  Don't believe the haters; it cannot be compared to Overwatch.  The gameplay is just too different.  It has more in common with Borderlands and MOBA games than anything else.
76561198025858774,Not Recommended,394230,24927835,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ventiscogreen,"Great game, shame it suffers from video card exclusivity optimization ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Gearbox put some serious work in, but everything is unoptimised. This is usually ignorable in most gearbox games because they don't push the system limits so hard, but this game really shows the engine limitations. Business model is very meh, and a price drop on the release day of overwatch down to 40$ USD over its release date 60$ was a huge kick in the nads. Gameplay and balance is not perfect but is phenomenal when the FPS stays above 30. The humor is great, and the pve mode isn't boring to grind, something you will be doing a lot of if you want to get the rare loots. The HUD is definitely a bit messy and distracting, combined with how crazy the combat can be for more than necessary confusion in combat. The business model is still better than Blizzard’s something I didn’t expect to say about gearbox. Skins can be purchased for real world money, but you aren’t gambling for them. Just put down the dosh and pick up some random♥♥♥♥♥♥the art team threw together while bored. New heroes definitely encourage you to pay for the season pass, which is not currently worth it. The base game heroes are definitely plenty though, and you can get new heroes through grinding like a madman. Wait for performance improvements, and pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,394230,22786777,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,d3fin3d,"So, I have pretty much no experience with MOBA's. I've never played LoL, DOTA or SMITE and apart from a basic understanding of ""lanes"" my knowledge of the genre is pretty limited. So when I heard that Battleborn, a MOBA/FPS game with some raid/dungeon elements, was open for testing I had to see what it was all about. My usual genres of choice are FPS / MMORPGS and Battleborn seems to take the most fun elements of both and combines them together with the fundamental nature of the MOBA.And here we are, and what a glorious place we find ourselves in. The artistic direction of this game is brilliantly conceived. It's almost as though an Anime cartoonist and a LSD enthusiast had a brainstorming session resulting in this gloriously fun and vibrant parallel dimension. The environments, characters, planets, gameplay, AI and overall universe Gearbox have created is both genius and painstakingly consistent. The whole game feels like an epic labour of love with absolutely no room for compromise.The story campaign, which can be played either solo or co-operatively, is most reminiscent of your typical WoW dungeon and - in some scenarios - raid! The encounters take all the best game mechanics of a top notch instanced experience and combine it with some of the most fast, furious and colourful FPS action you've ever experienced. The result is... Magical...Then we have the true heart of Battleborn, the versus mode, where players have the choice of three different game modes: Incursion (defend base, attack enemy case) Capture (hold objectives) and Meltdown (escort friendly minions to enemy base). Each gametype is offers a different player experience, but the true magic here is in the variety of characters to choose from, and the way in which you develop them as they level up and eventually rank up.I could go on and on about the rewarding item system, the in-game level up choices, the individuality of each character and how the game constantly screams quality, reminding me of the best aspects of all the games I love... But I won't.All I will say is this: Don't expect an Overwatch clone - this is completely different and in the best way possible. Don't expect a typical dungeon/raid experience - Battleborn takes the best mechanical aspects of both and runs with them. Don't expect a MOBA replacement - treat this more as a compliment to the MOBA genre. Above all: Expect a beautifully crafted game, with a stunning landscape, solid characters, compelling gameplay, genius AI enounters and some of the best art direction you've ever experienced."
76561197993500176,Not Recommended,394230,22866131,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,GamerN3,PositiveFPS MOBANegativeMatchmaking is bad - it's completely random and you are put in the fight with players of a different skillDisconnected players are not replaced with bots which results in 4/3 vs 5 fights. Even if they get disconnected during character select game still starts.Characters are not balanced and there is clear OP characters that everyone picks to win.Single missions are boring grind. There is nothing fun about clearing waves and waves of the same minions and occasional boss. It's just stupid.At this current state I would not recommend the game and I wanted to really like it. It's F2P quality game! Unfinished product in Beta stage
,Recommended,394230,22843465,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Daassie,"Co-op has been the most enjoyable part and I will recommend that.The writing, character actions and lively minion massacre are entertaining whether you're grouped up or solo - it's polished, quality stuff.The versus modes I don't personally like. All the detail and vigour of when you fight minions is just gone when you face heroes - times to kill are overly long for most heroes, your skills have low impact (and build up *very* gradually), hit flinches and other secondary animations seem to be missing (replaced with status icons or colouration), there is little verticality and so on. I just can't see or feel the impact of the attacks and movement and I feel constricted in what I do. The gameplay feels balanced but curiously flat, considering the hero variety (and the massive amount of FX constantly flying across your screen).If you like the PvP/PvE-mix game modes and slower-paced shooter combat, this may be for you.PvP may also suit groups better, as there is potentially a lot of combo building to be done.I would also gripe about the obstructed HUD, in addition to the ""VFX storm"": the elements are overly large and cover up the action.Not a problem if you are facing an AI minion death march at your own pace, or if the boss is running after another party member, but literally a BIG problem if you're in the middle of PvP. Everything from the viewmodels to skill level-ups is flashy and an opaque obstacle while someone is trying to murder you - not good!The game also doesn't perform well for me on a GTX 960, i5-3570K, 8 GB RAM and an MX100 256 GB SSD. Steam's overlay reports FPS over 70 or 80, but there is a dragging feel to mouse control - no mouse smoothing or acceleration, no AA, no Vsync to explain it. New drivers with a clean install didn't help, so I hope this is something the devs can patch out. They can and should certainly improve the menu animations and transition speeds.Right now the game is a 7/10 for me, no regrets about the money spent. It has been fun and will stay so,but all the action and entertainment has so far been in the co-op.For PvP, I would rather play Overwatch - it is a lot more engaging, highly visceral and arguably provides a greater variety of viable combat styles with a slightly smaller hero roster. The maps are also a lot better, resembling good Unreal Tournament maps condensed for faster gameplay and team compositions. It also runs incredibly smoothly, all the way down from menus to gameplay."
,Recommended,394230,23734853,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Intoxikated,"I absolutely love this game. I adopted this game from the begining and have sunk over 100 hrs at the time of this review. I will surely sink a few hundred more.Sure it has its flaws, what game doesn't.Games like these always have a group of people saying this and that needs to be changed. Don't let all that discourage you from enjoying this game. It's fun, I don't care about balance issues, or nerfing, buffings etc. Micro transactions have everyones panties in a bunch, they have zero effect on game play, if anything the skins put you at a disadvantage, I tend to stick with a skin that is color matched to the map, such as overgrowth or paradise, use a green skin, coldsnap or echelon, purple skins. The premiums stick out really well."
,Recommended,394230,23972067,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sheananigans,"Battleborn is a diamond in the rough, but a bit more diamond than rough, I think. It has a few flaws, like some of the map optimization, and the queues for multiplayer could be better, but I honestly enjoy the hell outta Battleborn. The saturday morning cartoon scifi setting/aesthetic is fun, the maps and art style are great to look at, the humor is top notch Gearbox-style goofiness and black comedy that has me almost constantly giggling, and the characters are excellent.Seriously, the characters are the best part of the whole game. They're all fun and varied and extremely endearing, in the same way that the casts of the Borderlands games are, and it's taken very little time for me to fall in love with most all of them. The lore unlocks you get and dialogue snippets you hear mid-game re: the cast are all delightful.I don't think it's fair to compare Battleborn to other games; it's honestly its own thing and it's very much worth playing as such. I've found it pleasantly addictive, and when you get in with the right people both the PvP maps and the story missions are great fun to dig into. And hell, if you can't or don't want to get into multi, there's always singleplayer and bot modes. It could use a little more polish around the edges, but BB is honestly fun and enjoyable and it's well worth getting and playing."
76561198120977240,Recommended,394230,23732868,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Safety Fi  st,"I've never been a fan of playing games online with other people, but Battleborn changed that for me.  This game does feature a single-player mode, but I will say that I have enjoyed every minute of the 296 hours (mostly online campaign) that I have played so far. (Note: to any that may be put off by the prospect of online multiplayer, you do not need a microphone to do well or have fun in this game).  With currently 26 heroes to choose from (and more on the way), Battleborn has something for everyone.  There are several different factions of characters with variants of melee, brawlers, tanks, snipers, assassins, gunners, healers, defenders, and more; each with unique attributes, abilities, and skillsets to satisfy and expand upon any play-style.  The story-mode campaign features two primary difficulty settings with hardcore options available, and with the constant leveling up, unlockables, customizations, and endless variations of loot, each match is a good time.  The player versus player modes are also a blast, emphasizing teamwork and coordination to seize victory.Note that at the time of this review, the Steam Summer Sale is under way and Battleborn is currently available at a very nice discount.  Having pre-ordered the deluxe edition from the outset, it is the opinion of this reviewer that the experiences offered by this game are absolutely worth the price of admission.  I hope to see you in the game!Addendum:  The developer has continued to support Battleborn from launch with frequent patches, updates, and hot fixes to remedy known issues of balance, performance, etc. and with a considerable amount of new content still in the pipeline, it is reasonable to surmise that this trend of developer support will continue.Addendum II:  To any who may look to the discussion boards to get a feel for the community, do not be deterred by the occasional splashes of negativity that are not always presented in a constructive manner.  I have not yet been matched with a group of people in the Battleborn community that I did not thoroughly enjoy playing with."
76561198053439522,Recommended,394230,22789589,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Joebiggie,"I've spent around 80 hours more playing this game (as of 5/4/16) than my Steam Profile shows, between the beta, closed technical test, and PS4 versions of the game. That being said, it's probably one of the most entertaining multiplayer games I've ever played. There's a lot of rock paper scissors style matchups among the characters and different strategies you can utilize as far as loadouts for each character go. The single player missions are a nice way to kill time but honestly not what I bought the game for. I got the Digital Deluxe version with no hesitation because I knew I would get my money's worth in SPITE of already having played the game for 80 hours already, which surprised me to be honest. This is a really fun but also really deep game.There are three multiplayer modes (all objective based) with no ""straight up"" PvP. At first I groaned a little bit because it would have been nice but having played the game further I found out I really don't notice it's omission because what the game does provide is pretty damn entertaining. The characters all play really uniquely and you could play one character for weeks (go Team Phoebe!) without getting bored or switch it up and play a traditional FPS oriented character like Oscar Mike. There's a some overlap between characters in terms of their roles on each team (healer, melee, burst damage, support, crowd control, etc.) but the skills and intricacies of each character make each of them stand out in some way. The multiplayer is balanced pretty decently with a few exceptions that are definitely being watched and tuned as during each of the tests I played in Gearbox was very responsive in monitoring the data they received based on matches played, which teams had which characters, etc. and if any characters have been too high powered, they adjusted really quickly to bring things back in line so I have a lot of confidence moving forward that this is something they will address on an ongoing basis.So in spite of the fact that initially what I was really hoping for was something more in the vein of Borderlands, I'm really happy with how this game ended up, and I can see myself playing it for a while. 9/10"
76561198052297392,Recommended,394230,23524530,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,beya,"FPS's and/or MOBA's are not in my usual game diet, but this game pulled me right in with its unique and fantastic character designs, but I stayed for the enjoyable gameplay. Yes, the game is flawed, but it doesn't make me love it any less - in fact, it hurts me to see how BB is struggling at the moment. The biggest issue, as everyone agrees, is the imbalanced matchmaking (which can also be pain-stakingly long). That's because BB's playerbase is dwindling and fast, with only the HC players with 80+ command ranks and the newcomers left. With ingredients like that, the resulting teams are bound to be uneven.People will need to work together to make it flourish again. It's up to us to be there in the matchmaking to help fellow players find the teams. Fight together or die alone. GBX is hopefully soon releasing DLCs (new game modes, maps, character customizations) to breathe new life into this game and pull in more players. This game is a true gem that doesn't deserve to be buried so soon.I recommend the game because even when PvP matchmaking is slow, PvE maps are still fun. Every character in-game, playable or non-playable, is full of personality and wit, and with a roster this big, there's bound to be something for everyone; with different combinations of equipment and skill augments the playstyles are nearly endless. This game is good, simple fun that never fails to make me smile. With friends, even better, and this joy of playing is what I hope everyone would experience."
,Recommended,394230,23428351,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,<UPD> Apathy,"Battleborn is a wonderful game, with many of the taunts and puns that we have come to love from the Gearbox group.  The game has received a lot of flack from the poor advertisements and poor release date.For those complaining about issues and unbalanced characters and whatnot heed this - The developers have been VERY good about sending updates on PC and rebalancing / fixing the issues in a timely manner.  Huge kudos about that.If you love Borderlands, you're going to love this game.  You have 26 characters (now) to choose from (5 or 6 base, and unlock as you play), all with different playstyles to match any and every person's preferences.  there is PVE and PVP in this game (unlike other overrated games that came out recently *cough*), and multiple types of PVP gameplay, which I will try to summarize below.  Also from the Borderlands universe we have a nice pile of legendary equipment that you can take the time to collect (the ones from the missions are better than the ones you get from completing the lores IMO).PVE - two modes - normal and advanced, and has a Hardcore mode (IE - No res points, so save your teammates!).  replayability is better than a lot of Borderlands in my opinion because it isn't so long that you want to pull every teeth from your head.PVP -Capture - a nice old fashion capture and defend point system.  Great for those that don't want to deal with the standard MOBA, and usually is a fast match. Most friendly to new players.Incursion - this is where you will have either the longest games or the fastest shutouts. This is your standard push towards the enemies base and destroy it (minions will help you along the way!)Meltdown - This is the dredge known as minion pushing.  Killing people off is usually a good idea just so they don't kill the minions, but technically doesn't gain you anything (other than XP and wonderful taunting opportunities)Maps - two maps for each of the PVP levels that are not the fields from PVE, although a few are based very closely on areas from them.  There were some issues with one of the maps that had some performance issues at the beginning but I think it's been resolved already.Helix system (Leveling up) - This is the best part of the game, as it gives you the opportunity to choose a different upgrade with each level (10 levels, everyone starts a match at level 1, meaning 10 upgrades).  each of these will dractically change how you play the character, which means if you're bored playing one way you can choose something else to spice things up."
76561198026242661,Recommended,394230,31203804,Posted: 17 April,all,Tarnil Corvax,"I greatly enjoy BattleBorn. I'd go as far as to say I enjoy it more than Overwatch. Rather than focusing mainly on the positives and negatives of BattleBorn, I shall compare it with Overwatch quite a bit, as well as my dissapointment in the community for abandoning this game. Of course, this review is completely capable of changing in the future, likely to include either more positives or negatives or whatever, but the basic premise I believe will stay the same.Now, I will admit that the game has its problems. However, the community is to blame for them. Instead of giving proper feedback about the problems, or suggestions on how to make the game better, the community simply left a negative review and left to play Overwatch.Honestly, Battleborn has so much more potential, or had more potential, than Overwatch.Some people see BattleBorn's stylized graphics as lazy or less-polished than Overwatch. And while I do like Overwatch's style of graphical design much more than BattleBorn's, I can tell you this is not the case. It is not laziness that resulted in these graphics. They're somewhat like the Borderlands graphics. But for some reason, people seemed to like Borderlands graphics, while crapping on BattleBorn's. Probably because Overwatch offered much greater graphics.I greatly prefer Battleborn's gameplay over Overwatch. The games may be very similar, but there are great differences. Battleborn playstyle consists of adapting a loadout according to your surroundings, the gamemode and your enemies, as well as your playstyle. Using Helix upgrades mid battle to configure your playstyle, as well as gear loadouts. This offers so much more brain stimulation and sense of actually doing something, than Overwatch. I can compare Overwatch, while being a good game in and of itself, as being a bit of a mindless shooter. There's not too much strategy to it. In fact, I'd go as far as to say it has a bit less strategy than TF2. While this may prove well for people who want to mindlessly play and praise the game for its graphics, in the end, I personally don't feel like I have accomplished anything. Sure, I'll still play Overwatch, but it is not near as brain stimulating and exciting as Battleborn. I'll play Overwatch when I feel like gunning down enemies and testing my reaction times, rather than decision making and all of what I previously mentioned combined. And admittedly, there are times where I feel lazy like this, so Overwatch comes to the rescue in those scenarios.Now, the gamemodes between the two vary. Overwatch has payload and all that. Battleborn has gamemodes that mainly consist of escorting bots, and a mode that captures points. But a great part of Battleborn is the story missions and operations, as well as vs bots gamemode. Overwatch really could have used these types of modes. With so many heroes, I find it enjoyable to hone your skills against bots whenever you feel like you want to, and level up your character without fear of wasting time with an incredibly incapable team. Now, I do believe Battleborn could have used a more, PVP battle type for an optional choice. Like Overwatch escort, assault, and so forth, to give an option to players who want to just fight each other, and not focus at all on bots and escorting them. That would have been a nice option. BattleBorn's gamemodes in ADDITION to the Overwatch gamemode types.Also, BattleBorn is on steam. Something that Blizzard didn't do due to greed. They already have all the money from WoW. It's not so much providing for players as much as it is making themselves money at this point, just looking at the price of Overwatch itself, and the crate system. Not putting their games on platforms like Steam is just stingy, and it really shows the greed of the company. Battleborn seems to really have the interest of the community in mind and at heart, as they have not completely abandoned the game. They are still updating it! And the way that is gives out skins and crates, it just so much superior to Overwatch.Originally, when Overwatch and Battleborn were released, I thought this was going to be great. There was going to be a healthy competition between the two companies. Better, more frequent sales of in-game items and the game itself. Faster, better content updates to both games, each company putting their absolute best into each game, to create two overall similar, but at the same time, different, great games. And I believe if BattleBorn was even able to put up enough of a fight, Overwatch at this point in time, would be even better. Not to mention BattleBorn as well, being so much greater than it already is. Both companies would have to work on updating their games frequently, and pleasing their fanbase as they have the fear of them switching over to the other game. I would have been playing both Overwatch AND BattleBorn at this point, I imagine. Unfortunately... People seemed to completely overlook not only the base game BattleBorn itself, but the incredible potential that it posessed. They just all abandoned Battleborn, giving Overwatch the complete monopoly over everything. Now Overwatch is putting out updates whenever it feels like doing so, casually and lazily. Very little competition at all. And while Paladins has proven to provide some aspects greater than Overwatch's, (Better customization system, weekly quests, PVE, etc) too many people are hooked on Overwatch, and Overwatch has recieved so much praise without any competition, that it is too late. Paladins is more focused on appealing to its audience than battling Overwatch at this point, since it knows it has no chance. Too much time has passed without any competition facing Overwatch, and unless they introduce something or pull off something exceptionally great that gains a great deal of attention from gamers all around the globe, Overwatch will likely remain the dominant game, over both Paladins and Battleborn.And sadly, as a result, the servers of Battleborn, while somewhat inhabited, are mostly empty. And this makes me sad.People failed to see the differences between the games, and simply saw Overwatch as the superior version of BattleBorn. And now, people are taking BattleBorn for granted, simply assuming it is the same game as Overwatch, just worse. Overwatch is still taking inspiration from Battleborn. Just look at Uprising. Sure, I will admit there are differences, but there is no question that there was some inspiration taken from Battleborn. I never imagined Battleborn would fail this badly. I dreamed of competition, what makes great games greater. But, the people are to blame for what they have now. What is lesser than what they could have gotten.It is very hard for me to believe all the negative ratings this game has gotten. In my opinion, the game is well worth its price. Well, it would be if it had any players anymore. Some days you'll find plenty of matches, but a lot of days you'll have to wait quite a while, or not find a match at all. It's sad. It's definitely worth its price.Again, this review is capable of changing in the future, likely to include more positive and negatives between the two, or include more information in general, whatever I may think of in the future, but probably not changing my mind about the overall conclusion. Just putting this out there, that my review hasn't reviewed EVERYTHING each game has to offer, and times in the future may or may not come where I will add on to this review.Also, I will admit the daily quests don't make much sense sometimes. Play 3 meltdown matches = 4 platinum. But completing 3 matches as an attacker battleborn = 32 or so platinum. They definitely need to revamp the daily quest rewards.By the way, I'd LOVE to purchase the 50 dollar platinum pack by the way, whenever it may go 50% off or something."
,Recommended,394230,23020043,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,† Hiko,"This game is a lot fun and YES, I am fully aware that there are bugs, glitches and other issues like perfomance and matchmaking. Anyways, this game is new and will get updates in the future with fixes. You just have to be patient and complaining about it won't shorten the time(Update)Battleborn got a lot nice content lately like DLC missions, perfomance updates, characters updates, more badass skins and taunts. I still have a lot fun with this game but sadly with this low player base its almost impossible to find matches since no one actually would give this game a try."
,Recommended,394230,23493246,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Nell,"At first when I tried this game it was on a whim.  I've always been a huge fan of the borderlands games since their inception and I stumbled across the open beta on logging into steam one day, saw the gearbox logo, and decided to give it a go.What I saw, was astounding.  Smooth, genuinely fun gameplay, well written characters and story, it felt every bit like the borderlands games I've enjoyed.  I jumped into the pvp and before I knew it I'd met and joined up with others that enjoyed the game as I did and the hours just flew by, before I knew it the day was gone.  I picked up the game that day, and I've never looked back once.People are probably going to compare it to Overwatch, and the simple fact is the only thing similar about them is they both were called 'Hero Shooters' and had a similar launch window, but the simple fact is they couldn't be more different.  In addition to the episode based story campaign, which is good on it's own, there are three modes of pvp.Capture - Simple enough, one just has to focus on holding the three available control points in an effort to amass a team score of 1000 before the enemy does.  This mode is quicker than the others and focuses less on controlling minion waves and dealing with structures and more on player versus player combat.Meltdown - A classic Moba style of match with two lanes, except rather than breaking down an enemy base, the goal is to destroy the enemy minions and to guide yours safely to the goal on the enemy's side of the map.  At 250 points, half way to the 500 point goal mark, the goal point closes and one farther back will open up, widening the feild a bit and increasing the distance you'll need to push to get your minions in.  This allows for some excellent counterplay and turn arounds in the latter half of the game.  Of course to reach these goals, one must often get past enemy structures.  Accellerators speed the team that owns them and slow the enemy team.  Turrets, much like towers in other mobas, attack enemies that get too close. Supply Bases restore the health of nearby friendly players at a modest rate, and all structures have three teirs, costing an increasing amount of crystals for each tier.  The structures can be destroyed by the opposing team, and give exp like enemy minions would, however they can also be rebuilt for a cost of shards, little of which can be found around the map and of course from the large shards which spawn by the bases of each team and the middle of the map, control of which is often disputed heavily by each team.  All in all this mode is the most true to the moba formula in my opinion and really stands out as one of the more distinct types of pvp I've played in any game.Incursion - The goal here is to breach the enemy's fortifications and destroy the two heavily armed and sheilded sentries that guard the opposing base.  To aid in this, in addition to the standard minions, there are a variety of defensive and offensive structures to build, super minions to summon, and unique to this mode are the outcast thrall camps.  Outcast Thralls are like mini bosses which you can fight in three strategically placed control points on the map.  On defeating them, you can capture the point, which will summon that thrall to temporarily join your team and it will deal major damage to the enemy minions or sentry if left unchecked.  Of course, with these and particularly with the heavily sought dual thrall camp in the middle of the map, there is also the chance of ambush while attempting to take these points.  Unlike meltdown or other moba style games, this mode has only one lane, funneling the whole of the players into one area which can lead to some truly spectacular team battles.  All in all this mode is my personal favourite, and when you finally break through the enemy team and their defenses to claim victory it can be quite satisfying.This game is really something worth looking at, and honestly it's a shame it wasn't advertised more, but the quality of the game speaks for itself.  Look it up, watch some gameplay, ask a friend to let you watch them play if they do, and I'm sure you won't regret it.  Also Toby ftw."
76561198030675929,Recommended,394230,22824024,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Glory Maelstorm,"Good intro with nice sound track and has 25 playable characters, this game must be played for hours in order to explore all the skills. But sometimes the wait time is too long. overall, gearbox did a great job and recommended for those who love borderland series and MOBA game."
76561198035130938,Recommended,394230,23226849,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Fonz Yolo,"This game is incredibly fun. I've been thinking a lot why this game can engage me for hours and I have solidified some good reasons.-Battleborn is light hearted and funny. The characters will taunt each other in multiplayer (without you pressing anything). The story is hilarious and has enourmous replay value, and I chalk it up to how frickin funny it its. The game is super competitive and skill based, but the silliness keeps the mood positive always.-It's fun even if you're losing. Badly. The characters have fat healthbars. Every fight is interesting, and if someone is beating you, you can see how they are doing it, instead of watching a killcam of you getting quickscoped from across the map for the 10th time. The matches are also multidimensional, and can be about escorting creeps, or holding a position, or putting pressure on an objective, instead of just racking up kills. You can always focus on many aspects.-The characters are so different. Seriously, you would think that there can only be tanks, assassins, healers, and snipers in games like this. These characters often stradle many of these categories and can be played in weird ways. very interesting.This game is insanely fun. Drawbacks: poorly optimized (low fps is common), few map choices. More are coming out, but I wish they released more maps. Not too big of an issue though. I can see how people would be dissatisfied with $60 for this (not that much content), but the replayability is huge, and it is INSANELY fun. Very unique game."
,Recommended,394230,22821448,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AdVerse,"I originally hadn't paid much attention to this game. I heard it was from Gear Box which peaked my interest, but it looked like just another MOBA.During open beta I got bored and decided to give it a try. It's amazing! I use to love Monday Night Combat and I still love Borderlands, so what I got was a perfect combination of the two.The story mode is very good. It's Borderlands-funny, has a decent story, has multiple difficulty levels, and gives you loot (which you can use to mod your hero).It's a first person shooter with hero abilities. There's (currently) 3 game modes.Incursion is like a single laned MOBA. There are jungles (mercenaries) that you can win over to fight on your side and you can build/upgrade towers. You push through two strong sentry tanks to win.Meltdown is a weird ""Minion escort"" mode where you have to protect your minions all the way up to the sacrifice point. You get points for each minion that is sacrificed and the first team to meet the goal wins.Capture point is your basic 3 point capture mode where holding a point gives your team points.There's no pay to win. You can't pay for anything besides when it comes out.Some people may not like that the game has a high TTK. Sniper is 3-4 headshots on a squishy to kill. It's more about doing the objectives than killing players.Negatives: Ranked mode isn't implemented yet (It's coming). New players may find the effects too blinding. Lots of colors everywhere! You have to unlock 18 of the 25 heroes (which I like, but many don't)."
,Recommended,394230,23139692,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Easy Breezy,"WARNING: PLEASE READ BEFORE TAKING ME AT MY RECOMMENDATIONThis is a good game, So I'll give it the credit it deserves, however, everyone is different in their tastes of game and need to know what they want.You like competitive PVP? Probably not your game. If your good you won't find much challenge. Matchmaking is a bit of an issue. I was repeatedly placed on teams of what seemed to be absolute pros and because of my obvious non-pro status, I kept getting grief because I was the reason the team was flubbing. Character balance also seems to be an issue. Once I unlocked a couple of choice characters I was able to somewhat keep up with the pros who I had been somewhat flubbed against earlier. All in al even though I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and constantly get hounded by people yelling GIT GUD and learn to play, it's decent despite some balance issues. Just prepare to have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you early in the game until you unlock the uber characters: Galetea, Benedict, Ambra, Phoebe, Deandre. Stay away from anyone playing these characters till you get used to the game.Overall PVP 6/10 Not the best, but better than average. Also no one has claimed to have slept with my mother yet, so I figure that's a good thing.For those who enjoy PVE: Don't pick up this game unless it goes on sale. PVE is the reason I got this game, big fan of Borderlands, love co-op games, etc. But after about four to five hours of play, I had completed all the PVE content of this game. It's decent, it's fun and if you know what your doing you can feel like the badass this game so advertises. With about five hours of PVE content, and limited replayability (There are advanced difficulties, but as of yet there is no matchmaking system to play those with PUGs.)PVE: 7/10 Pretty good, good story, but lacking in overall content for people who enjoy that sort of play.For Hardcore Players: This game is for you. Hardcore PVP? Wanna show you know your FPS stuff? Wanna feel like an absolute boss? This game is great. The powers, the characters, you can sit there and juggle an entire battlefield both PVE and PVP if you know what you're doing. Of course knowing what you're doing takes a couple matches or missions. Level up your character, unlock different power mutations, get the gear to make your favorite characters nearly unbeatable. It takes some patience and love, but you can do it if you have the time.Hardcore Player Rating: 9/10For Casual Players: Stay away. I'm not dissing casual players, I myself love a casual pick up, drop in, drop out game on occassion. I actually bought this game on a more casual basis. This game requires you to invest a bit in order to play. You need to know what you are doing and if you don't have time to learn you are not going to have a good time.Casual Player Rating 1/10Overall this is a game for PVP fanatics and Hardcore FPS enthusiasts. It has some melee elements that harken to combat from the Elder Scrolls games. Don't take that to mean melee combat is the exact same or you will be disappointed. Each character has a unique playstyle that requires a bit of testing to figure out fully. PVE lacks a bit, but is fun at it's very core. This game is not for those who wish for PVE, however the campaign is definitely worth a playthrough. It's mandatory to unlock certain characters if you don't wanna go through a lengthy grind to get them.Overall Ratings 8/10 Good game, very specialized in it's audience, has some balance issues that I'm sure will be fixed in the future.Tl;dr If you are hardcore into PVP, you'll like it. If you are not you'll probably be dissappointed. Also no one in this game has slept with your mother.... Yet."
76561198088824658,Recommended,394230,22836338,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Star☆,"A great game that admittedly has flaws. First off, I love this game. I think that it's a good blend of the first person shooter style and a MOBA. The heroes are all unique, interesting, and effective. The quality of the environments, the casting, and the gameplay are top notch. However, the game has flaws that need to be addressed.First of all, the lack of maps is an issue. There are I believe 6 maps in the game currently. 2 for each game mode. That's not very good. Although these maps are all good and allow a variety of playstyles in each, the lack of content is an issue. Whether or not Gearbox desides to make more maps for free or include them in map packs is up to them. But I feel as though they should be making more maps due to the lack of variety.Secondly, the story is short. The game only has 8 missions. Now, they do have some replayablilty due the fact that some heroes require good rankings on missions to be unlocked and you can get gear to use in and out of multiplayer in these missions. Although these missions last ~30 minutes, there are simply too few of them. You also cannot choose which mission you want to play unless you go solo or with a private group, which is just a puzzling system.So what your getting is a great experience that lacks in some important areas. If you are even somewhat interested in the game, buy it, you won't be dissapointed. However, if you find yourself on the fence, reading these reviews to make a decision, wait a bit, watch some videos online of gameplay. This game will only satisfy you if you are looking for a new multiplayer game to play, with some occasional distractions in the story mode.Another thing to keep in mind: this game is a blast with friends"
,Recommended,394230,23312720,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Just the Tip,"Honestly, A great game that suffered from some not so great marketing decisions.Now that it has gone virtually F2P (similar to some moba's that cycle a weekly roster of heroes) Allowingyou to play all the PvP content and also maintan progression on any heroes you play.The roster is 30 heroes all differing from one another in persoinailtiy, design and mechanics. They also have that borderlands vibe but don't feel like they rip them off. Plenty of lore and stuff if your into that.It's free to try so give it a go.If you opt in for the full game then nott only do you unlock all heroes you also  get acess to the rather substantial single/co-op campain. About 10-12 hours of content with decent replayability as you can farm loot for your heroes and earn credits and whatnot. There is also the OPS Missions which require multiple playthroughs and differ slightly depending on the characters you play.All around it's a good game that really got the short end of the stick. Don't take my word for it though give it a try.P.S.We have a discord for Aus/NZ Battleborn. It's by far the largest and most friendly in our region.  When there were still ample players we even held a sponsered Tournament with prizes awarded by Gearbox themselves.Now that i'm done honking our horn.  After a hiatus due to dwindling playerbase. We have now kicked it back into ""gear"". So if your looking for some advice or some people to play with then just googleANZ BATTLEBORN.or Message me and i'll send a link.Hope to see you there."
,Recommended,394230,23321177,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mighty Blue Justice!,"Good fun, You\'ll get a fair few hours out of the singleplayer, the matchmaking in Oceanic region is kindof empty however, You\'ll have to bring a few friends.It\'s got quite a learning curve though, the competitive multiplayer is more like a MOBA played from first person persepcive, So trying to stay alive is more imporant than getting kills."
,Recommended,394230,29473774,Posted: 24 January,all,Rourobourus,"I dont understand, if they would have waited to release this game after all the overwatch hype it would have been massively more successful,All in all, This is a fantastic game that I simply can not find a flaw in, Just needs more people, Ill gladly reccomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,394230,23806567,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Entaris,"First and foremost: Battleborn is not competition for overwatch. It is not the same type of game. Marketting did a terrible job getting that accross. This game should more accurately be compared with the likes of League Of Legends, DOTA, and smite...But first person, and much faster paced.Second: This game is really freaking good. It's not easy to jump into at first. It takes some time, but when it clicks it CLICKS. Everything snaps into focus, and suddenly it's one of the most amazing multiplayer experiences you could hope for. About the time I hit level 10 commander rank(which doesn't take too long, maybe 7-10 hours) Suddenly I went from being the worst on a team, to being in the running for one of the highest scores on the team, regardless of what type of character I play. A friend went through a similar experience. The game takes some getting used to, but it's well worth the time sync.The dev's are continually working on matchmaking formulas, and things have gotten much faster as time goes on, despite having fewer players. You may be thinking ""but isn't the game dead?"" No, no it's not. Are there less players than we might hope for? sure. Has that stopped anyone from getting into a game: No. There are still plenty of players, and guess what, if you start playing now: That's one more player on that counter. This game is worth the gamble. It's worth keeping alive.Each character is fun, and fairly unique, and no matter what your playstyle is there is probably a few characters that you'll love. It's a FPS/MOBA with good humor, and an entertaining single player experience as well."
76561197967633352,Recommended,394230,23795526,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KingofDespair,"Battleborn is an FPS, Battleborn is Moba, Battleborn isn't team fortress 2.   Battleborn isn't twitch COD-like gameplay. Battleborn takeas elements of all of these and mixes them into a newish creation. The so-called Hero-shooter genre. Battleborn mixes the power progression & character spread of  a Moba into FPS world.  With PVP & PVE options for play Battleborn can seem tone-deaf for people looking for one or the other. Still it holds promise. There is much balancing work to be done on lore challenges & character skill set.  Gearbox being a smaller company these things will take time & many are compareing this game & its development speed to the the elephant in the room Blizzard & Overwatch. Compared to them Gearbox's speed is painfully slow.  But warts & all I have no reservations in give this game a my worthlesss recommendation. There is constant Nay-saying & doooooom predictions clogging up the media representation of this game.  Here's my postivie affirmation that this game is worth playing."
76561198043885151,Recommended,394230,23447460,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Llamadowns,"First, a disclosure:  The Overwatch comparisons are pretty stupid.  I don't get how a modernized version of TF2 needs to be set on a pedestal looking down on a FPS MOBA.  I get they were released within a month but, seriously.Another disclosure:  HUGE Gearbox fanboy.  Borderlands is one of my favorite game series of all time, hundreds of hours put in on XBox 360 and on Steam.  So naturally I'm excited about Battleborn to start.I love this game. I put 250+ hours into it for a reason. But it's not for everyone, especially not in the early months of release.First, positives.  This game has 26 available characters as of this writing and is planning on an additional 4 characters up to a total of 30.  Pretty damn big for an FPS.  In addition these characters are, for the most part, wildly different, with varying degrees of supports and assassins with vastly different personalities.  Like, one of my mains is a walking block of ice.  How cool is that!  All of these characters, like most things in this game (which I'll cover), take time to learn.   It's a very deep and enlightening experience learning a character and utilizing the best gear and helix (since you upgrade your abilities in skill trees in-game).  In addition, the game offers story mode, which is more than can be said about other MOBAs.  Then you have colorful environments, rich humor (although the bleeped-out profanity probably isn't necessary), and engaging and competitive multiplayer.  It's everything I wanted and got.  Unfortunately, no game is without it's flaws, and as much as I wanna say it's perfect, it's not.Let's just get one thing out of the way:  If you're looking for another game that provides a pure MOBA experience, look somewhere else.  The game modes available right now are not really anywhere close to modes offered by League or DOTA.  Also, Battleborn games typically play out in ways that traditional MOBA players aren't used to.  For example, the concept of needing to kill creeps before they reach the objective is still present, but with multiple fortifications that can be built or destroyed.  Many players will need to put at least a few games to fully learn what is involvedin winning games and what can make the difference.The other thing I want to stress is that Battleborn is constantly being updated and tweaked as it progresses, with some very notable flaws that will hopefully be addressed in further patches.  For example, right now the game isn't available on Mac or Linux (I think); players in the far east will have a horrible time trying to find matches unless they change their region settings in Steam to NA or EU; Battleborn suffers from improper balancing in terms of gear and characters from a competitive standpoint (looking at you, Alani); and it's not very well optimized on PC, leading to frequent frame-rate drops without some .ini file tweaking.Gearbox is looking into ALL of this, though.  This is a game they've been working on before Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel came out.  It's a pet project and people know it.Now, this review could change in a few months based on what happens, since it's currently seeing decreasing playerbase, and we don't specifically know what Gearbox is going to do.  However, if you're willing to deal with the game's flaws in kind, if you want to play a game that is unlike any you've ever played and will challenge you in almost every category, I strongly recommend giving Battleborn a whirl, at the very least when it goes on sale."
76561198000994874,Not Recommended,394230,24736323,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Cthulhu Cat,"RECOMMENDED:OS: Windows® 7 x64-bit or LaterProcessor: Intel i5-750 / AMD Phenom IIx4 945Memory: 6 GB RAMGraphics: AMD HD 7850/ NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 or better, PhysX supportDirectX: Version 11Storage: 50 GB available spaceCurrent Build:OS: WIndows 7 x64Processor: Intel i5-3570KMemory: 16 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660WARNING: Your system does not meet the minimum requirements for settings in this game. Settings may deliver unplayable framerates.What the actual F**K is wrong with this game? =/"
,Recommended,394230,24012758,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DESPAIR GIRL,This game is honestly so good? I haven't spent this much time on a game since league? I quit league because of the toxic community but tbh Battleborn's community is SO nice and warm so I'm never scared of playing pvp (like with lol lmao)The story is good but kinda short so I'm so!!!! excited for the dlc's!I honestly love this game so much and it's so good just buy it and enjoy the amazing characters !!!!
,Recommended,394230,23698124,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,~Paisley~,Battleborn might not be worth the full price but it's worth getting. The characters are so diverse and have so much care put into them. The maps are interesting and unique. It's a beautiful game that's loads of fun to play. And as someone who also plays Overwatch I can honestly say there is more character development put into one Battleborn character than there is in most of the Overwatch characters. Gearbox is also constantly updating the game and fixing any problems they find. Don't let Overwatch overshadow this game.
76561198019334970,Recommended,394230,24069450,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,EvilPhd,ProsVoice acting - seriously this is 2K/Borderlands style writing. This is something other studios can learn from.WritingArtPretty balanced.Not too grindy.ConsMatchmaking - takes FOREVERPoor multi gpu optimization.RigAMD 965BE OC 3.8Ghz2x R290X 2GB GDDR 516GB RAM 1600
,Recommended,394230,22805252,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sneaky Sniper,This game is really fun to play and has an interesting style to it.  Each character has their own personality similar to how Borderlands was.
76561198080082374,Recommended,394230,22919316,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Walmart Dial-up,"I am always afraid after an impulse purchase like this one. While logic kicks in and says to wait for a sale, temptation feels good! Needless to say, this game delivers.This would be considered my first MOBA. While I was never really interested in mobas, this game looked different due to it being an FPS with a dash of humor. What initially convinced me to purchase this game was the character, content, gameplay and simplicity. Needless to say, they all deliver.- Characters are top notch. They all have their own unique personality that make them entertaining to play as. I always look forward to seeing their personality shine on the battlefield. Even if you dont like playing as the character, trying them out only to hear their commentary is enough.- The amount of content you get is good. As of release, there are only a few maps to choose from for each multiplayer mode. While more are coming, the ones available are well designed to allow for alot of variation within the games. While I havent delved into campaign, its their for lore and more loot. From playing a little, its the type of gameplay you would normally get from borderlands in the form of smaller ""campaigns.""- The gameplay is where this game really shines. The devs spent alot of time making sure everything is balanced and it shows. Every character has their own strengths and weaknesses which provides for some unique variation of matches. When is comes to balance, the only issue is that some of the character's egos are bigger than the amount of damage they are willing to take.- This game is incredibly simple to master, which is a good thing. I imagine its because its an fps, so the controls are almost trivial. Even the abilities are easy to understand. Thus, players can still make an impact even if they havent played alot. If a team chooses to use strategy, more power to them.Overall, good game."
76561198015132229,Recommended,394230,22826496,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,GronkSpike,"Battleborn is probably one of the best games I have ever played. There are many characters and they all feel vastly different than one another. The fact that this game has great PVE with high replay ability makes it much more than just some FPS/MOBA. Playing with your friends is a blast and nothing feels better than unlocking more heroes or getting that sweet piece of legendary gear. Buy this game, you won't regret it."
76561198044033482,Recommended,394230,23265855,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Sunken Submariner,"For a quick version of this review:Battleborn is a very deep and strategic game including PvP with in-match character growth via their helix, long times to kill, mechanics that punish death, and a focus on PvE and tower defense amide the PvP.The PvE includes 8 missions that contain a mix of escort, protect the objective, and 'raid' (as in enemies to mini-boss to enemies to boss) mechanics.In public match making for PvE people vote on a random selection of four missions.There is progression system that includes unlocking characters and extra options on their helix tree.The five characters being added in the future and all future PvP related material can be accessed for free (but if you own the season pass you just skip the step of unlocking the characters).The major issues with this game are that it has optimization issues and when you first start out and the system doesn't have any data on you, you may end up in some one-sided matches.Personally I really like the game and feel like I got my full 60 dollars worth.Now for some extra details for those still reading:I definitely recommend this game, but at the same time I do not recommend it to everyone. In the PvP, this is not a typical team based FPS, and whatever you have learned in other FPS likely will not carry over into this game. It definitely has a learning curve, even for somebody like me who had a taste of it before buying during the open beta. As a team based FPS with MOBA inspired elements (the game is not a full MOBA itself) Battleborn is all about choosing your battles, staying with team mates, avoiding death at all costs (death is punished in this game with increasingly longer respawn timers), and always remaining aware of the AI controlled minions (ignore these little guys and you will lose every game even if have been steam rolling the enemy team in kills).The game comes with both a PvP mode and a PvE campaign. For me personally this is very nice because if I get tired of competitive PvP matches, I just switch over to the PvE and have fun blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up for a while (while making sure to keep an eye on the objectives of course, these missions to have some challenge to them).The missions of the PvP are not made to be played in a specific order besides doing the first 7 before the final mission against Rendain (In normal difficulty this is a seperate mission, but in advanced it gets mixed into the usual voting selection mentioned above) and as a result they do not have an over arching story but rather just the story of the mission itself.Also I should mention that the PvE missions are VERY full of Gearbox style humor, so just be prepared for that. They basically went full on silly and ridiculous for the writing on this one.While some people are turned off by progression systems, I personally find them a fun little bit of extra challenge, but I will say that for any worrying, unlocking the characters is not hard at all. And in case you do somehow have trouble, every character has two methods they can be unlocked by, the second being profile level. So even the characters who can be unlock by completely the advanced story mode and such can alternatively just be unlocked by inceasing your command rank which happens no matter what you play.The progression system, aside from unlocking characters, is also involved in unlocking ""mutations"" for each character's helix tree. All this means is that as you play a character, you unlock extra options to pick from as you level your character up each game (at the start of every PvE or PvP match you are at level 1). These mutations are often very useful, but they often won't redefine how you play a character but instead just give you another very useful option when playing. Also there will still likely be plenty of situations where you will choose one of the original two choices rather than the new mutation.Another important topic to touch on is the gear system. As you play you will eventually begin to collect gear which can be activated in matches with the in-match currency of shards. This gear will provide stat bonuses to your character, and later legendary quality gear can even give special unique effects. However the power of a gear piece is always balanced by the number of shards you must gather and then spend in order to activate it. In fact, walking into PvP with a loadout full of three legendary pieces of gear is often a very bad idea because you likely won't be able to collect enough shards before the match ends to even activate all of them (additionally you will likely also avoid using the buildables situated throughout each map which tend to be very important to victory). Additionally, it is impossible to activate pricier gear right off the bat in PvP because giant shards don't spawn until a few minutes in (and even then you have the enemy team to compete with when it comes to breaking and gathering them).I do feel like I should touch on some issues you have likely seen in other reviews and let you know which ones are no longer an issue as of the time of this review. First of all, the incursion mode exploit involving snipers on the map Overgrowth is no more. Second, the 5 minute prologue cutscene can be skipped if you do not wish to watch it. Third, after her third wave of nerfs, Galilea is no longer overpowered and can no longer 1v1 everyone and win (and in case you did not hear Ambra ceased being a problem quite some ago).I will admit that the game can certainly still use more optimization, though they are gradually working on and improving that. And finally the match making is not completely unbalanced, though when you are first starting out and the system does not have any data on you, yes it can tend to put you in somewhat onesided matches. But I can personally say that this definitely changes once you have a collection of matches completed, as I very rarely find myself in matches that feel one-sided in terms of player skill."
,Not Recommended,394230,24536901,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kid Charlemagne,"I feel bad.I wanted to like this game so badly, so so badly. I like Gearbox as developers, but this is just not good. Unfortunately Overwatch is just an infinitely better game, far more engaging, far more fun and like Dota 2 all the heroes are already unlocked, there is no having to unlock content you should already have access to.Battleborn is not fundamentally flawed, it has many good aspects, such as the coop storyline which is actually mildly interesting and was fun to play, however the online is just tedious and boring. Sure comparing it to Overwatch isn't necessarily fair but there are parallels.Battleborn just had a bad wrap from the start. Blizzard are a company which value quality over quantity so the fact they didn't rush Overwatch and spent years developing it is one of the reasons why it is so successful. Battleborn however I felt had no passion, as in the development team didn't care that much about the game and more about jumping in on the MOBA/Team Fortress style fad that's going on. Unfortunately Battleborn never stood a chance.As I said earlier about locked heroes from the start. This just makes the game more of a grind than anything for something you don't know if you'll even enjoy? You may finally unlock a character and feel that they don't live up to your expectations. I was just dissapointed that I couldn't access a certain hero without leveling my profile up which is bafflingly slow.I want to recommend this game. But I can't. Invest into Overwatch, it may lack a storyline but it's far more gratifying than Battleborn.Hopefully Borderlands 3 will live up to my expectations."
,Recommended,394230,22845130,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Normalised,"I only play PvP Meltdown and I love it.Its a refreshing change from my usual diet of aim heavy FPS games (Quake, Dirty Bomb etc..) although quite similar to Dirty Bomb in its own way with the combination of team composition, positioning and wave timing being important for success (at least in Meltdown)I love shooters but find MOBA's too boring, this takes the two styles and makes a whole new fun one of its own.-- EDIT After playing over another 100 hours --Still playing Meltdown and still enjoying it as much as the first week. Sure, there are a lot of issues that they need to look at :1. Matchmaking2. Frame rate for certain maps (and AMD cards in general)3. Scoring system encouraging kills rather than objectives (minions etc..)but the core gameplay is so good that I keep coming back night after night.There seems to be relatively few games these days where you can really mount an amazing comeback..You're over 100 minions down, 1 guy keeps calling a surrender vote, everyone else is saying keep calm, just get some levels and stick together and slowly but surely everyone starts to focus together, the waves get cleared, you pick off a few kills, the minion scores start to even up and you can feel the other team start to lose hope, they start throwing themselves at you but never quite getting enough kills to turn the tide of the comeback. In the last few minutes of the game the minion scores goes in our favour and its a glorious hard won victory. NEVER SURRENDER.If you're the kind of person who likes a game with layers and depth that really rewards how much time you put in I can't recommend this enough.(Again, this is all Meltdown, tbh I think it would have made a great game all by itself)"
76561198015702042,Recommended,394230,29394906,Posted: 21 January,all,Glue,"It's very sad how this game was OVERshadowed by OVERwatch... Get it...?The game itself is fantastic, much better than the people who hate it would state. The campaign itself isn't the spawn of Satan, the multiplayer is fun, and everything else is very neat.The downsides being that the game isn't very polished, nor is the optimization good.The winter update made things much better. Definately improves the experience for newer and veteran players.It's worth getting when it's on sale. Bought it for 12 dollars, regreted nothing."
,Recommended,394230,22784597,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Wilem,"For me Battleborn is a great coop shooter, and I'm loving every bit of it. Monster hordes, story dialogues, pretty maps, unlocks, challenges - it's just great.During the open PC beta I played about 70 hours of it and gladly purchased Digital Deluxe Edition.Bad stuff? Some maps that weren't in the early access didn't get well-tested and hence have problems. Also the game occasionally crashes. Sometimes it won't happen for hours and sometimes could crash as often as once per hour. Launch problems, I guess.I'd (and do) recommend this game to everyone."
76561197979937345,Recommended,394230,22818306,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bartimaeuso,"Fantastic MOBA/FPS hybrid.  The humor can be hit or miss for some, but I rather enjoy the light overall tone of the setting and characters.  The story missions are a fun side edition to the main focus, which is the online PvP aspects.  As far as characters go they cover a broad spectrum and one would be hard pressed to not find atleast a few that they truely enjoy playing.  I personally havn't had any performance issues while using an Nvidia 970 paired with an intel i7-6500U, but others have so be mindful of that.  Hopefully the game will get further optimization as it moves forward and matures.Overall I love this game and really hope for its success and proper support by Gearbox to keep future content coming."
,Recommended,394230,22821092,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DeathShiva,"I absolutely LOVE this game. 2K certainly did not disappoint when it came to creating this game. The characters are unique, fun, and the whole game has a good sense of humor to it keeping things interesting. Being made by 2K, the game does have a Borderlands feel to it, but different art style (no black outlines on characters, objects, scenary, etc.).I know a lot of people are saying ""I won't play Battleborn because I don't like MOBAs."" Well, that's where people are wrong. Battleborn has the OPTION for you to play it as a MOBA, but you don't have to. You can do story missions in public lobbies, with friends, or just by yourself. So there is PvE and PvP content. The PvP isn't just ""MOBA-styled"" either; there are different PvP games that you can play that make it less of a MOBA (like capture maps where you capture points instead of taking out enemy resources/defenses)."
,Recommended,394230,23268650,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,See you guys in Turbo Heaven,"I havn't reviewed many games but this is one I couldnt avoid.The thing about Battleborn is that, it's absolutely awesome. It's SO funny, SO much fun and the writing is SO interesting. The negative reviews it has received are largely due to issues that have already been addressed and fixed. Unfortunately, Battleborn has been marketed poorly and is struggling to find its feet, but I honestly believe it will only be a matter of time until the world realises it's every bit worth the money.9/10"
,Not Recommended,394230,30856403,Posted: 31 March,all,Rick41,Stopped playing this game because its not realy fun to play as single player.I think it would be great for multiple players to play but for single players its in my oppinion a waste of money sorry to say so
76561198089669718,Recommended,394230,22808712,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Everlicht,"Very amusing game, I enjoy it alot.Due to the PvE and PvP sides you can always choose what to do.You're not locked to one side, you can simply grind away against AI or enjoy a nice PvP match,"
,Recommended,394230,33210879,Posted: 3 July,all,PRECIZIONX,Great LAN party game.  If it didn't come out and become overshadowed by Overwatch it would probably be more widely played.  Storymode is great and the multiplayer battles are a good translation to make a MOBA/FPS/RPG.
,Recommended,394230,23645525,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Steak Boy,"""0/10 It's not literally Overwatch""-The General PublicMake no mistake, if this gaame were released further from Overwatch than it was, it'd be getting maybe a third the negative reviews it is."
,Recommended,394230,24415758,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,podsaurus,"This game is fun to play and it's unfortunate that is has been buried in negativity, not all unwarrented but there is a solid and enjoyable game underneath the problems. I would love to see a surge in the player count from new players or from old players coming back because there is a great game here and I would hate to see it go away too soon.So I believe I am ready to write a review for this game. It's been about two months and I feel that the game has progressively albit slowly gotten better. It is still an intense game visually speaking and there is no way (that I know of) to turn down or turn off effects from various abilities. This is especially bad for melee characters who can get lost in all of the effects blocking their view.Match making is a big problem for this game. But I believe that is due to there being such a low player count that it is difficult to find a game when teams are evenly matched. (yes I have sat for 15 to 20 minutes waiting to connect to a match) I would argue that that is a product of other things early on in the game's release such as being able to snipe a sentry to death on Temples in Incursion mode (which sent people into an uproar over the unfairness of it and people quit) and the complexity of this game that throws people for a loop. Far from all of them but bugs and glitches have been fixed.There is a lot of variety in the characters that you can play and their playstyles are all different. This can make for some very interesting team compositions. There is a lot of do to multiplayer matches so you're never bored. Collecting shards to upgrade things, killing minions, fighting and hiring thralls to help you, going after other players; there is a lot to do in a match. There are problems with the game yes but there is a good game here that I enjoy immensely."
76561198053201260,Recommended,394230,23625368,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Solless Vallient,"I really like Battleborn, really.   The characters are a little cheeky but that gives them a bit of personality, the gameplay setup is something I like as well.  1st person MOBA and all.   And I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a game that updates regularly and a team that does listen to community woes about some balancing.Con:  Community is unfortunately dying.  I wish it were not so because it's still a good game.   Why is it dying?  I want to say the reaction to microtransactions.  Not the microtranscations themselves, because they are after all COMPLETELY O-P-T-I-O-N-A-L.   But, people see that word and immediately do a 180 and proclaim they've been screwed.Just to point out something:  CoD has done this same crap for its last I don't know how many games now.  Along with a $60 game and another $50 season pass they would include microtransactions for skins! WHICH IS what Battleborn is doing now.   But no one wants to bash the big guy so they go after the little one."
76561198066232428,Recommended,394230,22967198,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ragnarocker,A game that's actually fun to play with friends.  Rare these days.
76561198049782905,Not Recommended,394230,23175913,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,KillstreakEngage,"I played Battleborn (Bb) in the beta and enjoyed it.  At first everyone was similar and match making was decent.I'm 2 weeks into the game and now it's atrocious.  You cant ever really find a match that isnt completely one sided.  Maybe 1 out of 10 games is close.The characters are creative but horribly imbalanced.There are 2 maps for pvp for each of the game modes, but 2 of the 6 maps are so ""detailed"" that even with a strong computer I lose frame rate to unplayable levels.Oh and, of course, there are hackers.I regret spending money on this game, let alone 60 dollars.  My mistake. Last one I will ever make with this company."
76561198043884573,Recommended,394230,32205419,Posted: 5 June,all,Kimuchi,"This is a really great game. The characters have actual personality and funny dialouge. The gameplay is great and I love that it has single player and Co-op missions as well, as I'm not a big PvP player. There is also community created events which adds alot to the overall feeling. Honestly if I could get a refund for Overwatch I'd pay twice for this game.However, there is currently a fairly low number of players, which is deeply disheartening. So if you're thinking about buying this; Please Do! I hope one day, this game will get the recognition it deserves.10/10 would save the universe as a magic ninja mushroom again"
,Recommended,394230,22792028,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bill Dollear,"Battleborn is a beautiful game with charming, heartfelt, funny characters.  Great work as usual, Gearbox."
,Recommended,394230,22871926,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kaiser Corgi,"I've enjoyed this game so far. Although I would recommend waiting until a sale, because at the time I personally don't think there's enough in the game for the 60 dosh price tag."
,Recommended,394230,24437801,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Meme Cat,"Really fun game, has enough content and replayability to warrant the $60 price tag."
,Recommended,394230,26638402,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,A Sp00ky Robut,"Hey, how about we just judge the game for what it is instead of incessantly comparing it to Overwatch? That'd be nice.In all seriousness, this game is absolutely superb. It takes the best elements of an FPS and of a MOBA and puts them together into an absolutely superb game."
,Recommended,394230,24170973,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MAST,Good:-A brilliant games-Very fun to play with friends-Nice Humor- Easy to play but hard to master.-A fun Campaign(Hope for more DLC story/mode/exclusive skin for Deluxe Owner)Con:-Low player base <- This Can Be Fixed By Change Your Region To US -New York-Some campaign mission are the the same mission all over again(2-3 mission)Note : Smart people will know that this game is nothing like Overwatch.Please Do The Research Before You Start Complaining.
,Recommended,394230,27907769,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Verrigan Holmes,"This is the most underrated release of 2016. So much work has gone into this game to make it great. It has interesting gameplay and a beautiful art direction, not to mention the abundance of unique and colorful characters. Buy this game and buy some copies for your friends. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,394230,23266037,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Cypher,"Basically it's an FPS/MOBA combination. If you've played League of Legends or anything similar, you will see the similarities. Gearbox seems pretty dedicated to the game and has already been patching. I don't regret buying it at all. It's a lot of fun."
76561197988293722,Recommended,394230,24436920,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,QueenMaeve,"First off, let me preface this by admitting that i was scepticle of battleborn at first. the negative press people on the internet gave it combined with comparisons to overwatch had me questioning if I should get it and combined with fears of if I would enjoy it long term had me put off purchasing it for a while until the steam sale occured and dropped the price to a more welcoming number.Having now given it a chance and played it both single player and with friends, I think I can correctly now say I was wrong and all my concerns were false. Battleborn is a fun game that's sadly underratted and unfairly compared to overwatch.I will admit it's flawed in small but critical areas, and there are some aspects I dislike but they're far from the be all end all terrible levels I expect/worried they'd be based on all the (inncorrect) trash talking people gve it. the quene system is still in need of some reworking though it seems gearbox is attempting to fix that (as of the writing of this review) and I wish I didn't need a always online connection for single player as my internet can be fickle at times.all things said, overall I like it immeansly! it's a fun as heck game and I so sadly underrated. and I do hope reading this will convince others to give it a chance like I did."
76561198083504507,Recommended,394230,24661516,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bio,"Great game, very underrated. Hilarious and memorable characters!"
76561198030791996,Recommended,394230,24481246,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,threeminus,"Very fun, well balanced FPS with lots of play styles to choose from.  The co-op works flawlessly, and the MOBA elements in versus are great.  The online community is one of the friendliest I've come across in years!"
76561198032304693,Recommended,394230,22805406,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vaelore,"If you enjoy the humour of Borderlands, like the cartoony art style (those cutescenes too!), and like an FPS, then you more than likely will enjoy Battleborn. Sure, at the time of this review I have about an hour of play time, but I can tell I am going to enjoy playing Battleborn both as a single player (but still online) game, and the multiplayer portion as well. Thinking that I will be putting more time into Battleborn once the open beta for Overwatch ends this week."
76561198005850576,Recommended,394230,22799004,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Visula.Gravios,"I initially was hesitant in buying this game due to its price but then again what the heck right.Gameplay is fast paced, enjoyable, totally easy to pick up.I've been playing borderlands quite awhile back then and the graphics really brought back memories.Something i totally didn't like is the fact that matchmaking with public is seriously crappy to the MAX!I've been trying to play versus/story mode and have waited up to an hour and nobody even shows up.It could be due to lack of players online or just that the matchmaking system is at fault.The game should really have a lobby chat similar to other games so at least we can get people in.But nonetheless, if you have the moolah to spare then i seriously suggest picking up this game and go for it!"
76561198059174782,Recommended,394230,23225004,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Tyree Jones,"Jesus Christ some people are an impantient bunch. They want a full fledged, fully fixed, all bugs gone, master piece. Is there anything wrong with that? No, there isn't, you should want the best from a game, especially one that started at $60, but it's not like the devs are sitting on their asses and not doing anything about it. The devs talk with their fanbase, take in ideas and problems, they talk and communicate and release a weekly plan for the game. There are, as of now, 26 characters to play as and making sure they all play their respective roles, and you know what? Most of them do, and the ones that don't, Gearbox has said they'll work on them. Matchmaking as well is being worked, they're fixing that to accomodate to people's Command Ranks. They're going to have different maps along with different map rotations, they're fixing the problems that are presented. They know the game wasn't recieved so well so they even lowered the price down. Most games nowadays have companies that make the game and forget about it, and yes, even triple a game titles do this too. But this is not one of those games, so to anyone reading, know that any problem people bring up is under Gearbox's attention."
76561198089832355,Recommended,394230,23283233,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,La Chappa,"The review I'm going to be making here is just based off personal experience:Matchmaking Times: I had people say to me ""People wait hours to get into a game"". I literally get in a game every 2 minutes, not even trying to joke there :P at first I had trouble I decided to switch my region over to USA- New York and I haven't had a problem I've only matchmaked in the pvp section side not yet in the story will update my review later. 6/10Performance: I get a solid 60 fps in multiplayer, on the prologue I was getting 60-20 for some reason I was going to refund the game, But I'd give it a chance and I feel that it ain't got the best optimization 4.5/10community: comparing this community to communities like Overwatch, csgo. This is not toxic at all, infact everybody here nearly is lovely, 9.5/10Gameplay: There's so much stuff in this game, than there isn't in overwatch which includes.. character progression, loot crates which you get stuff you dont already have, perks, skins, ranging from guns to melee weapons, This game is more of a strategic game like Dota, where as Overwatch is like call of duty."
76561198005338352,Recommended,394230,24137098,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BiG DaddY,"This game is great if you like playing team heavy games. many strategies to employ in order to win. I reccommend this game if you have a lot of patience because you will need it with all the waiting you'll be doing for matchmaking. There aren't many maps out yet and The average wait time for me to get into a game is approximately 10 mints just to give an idea. I'm sure in the future they will fix this issue otherwise this will be their downfall.ONLY BUY IF IT""S ON SALE not worth the full price at it's current state."
,Not Recommended,394230,26126820,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,HOTGUY6PACK,"The single player prologue was the best 25 minutes this game has to offer.  I could not find a team (which is required) for any campaign missions after that. Fine, whatever. Let's give PVP a go. My first pvp match is against five (max) Rank 100 players each with 300-500+ hours of playtime. We lost. Requeue. Couldn't find a match.I really want to like this game, and for 10 hours I tried, but it's frustratingly unpopulated. When I do get a match, it isn't with anyone of relative skill or rank to me. The writing, art style, and humor is really well done and the developers did a great job creating the world, but unfortunately it relies so heavily on a population that continues to shrink.TLDR: You are basically buying 25 mins worth of SP content unless you have 10 friends who will buy and play this game with you - and since you're looking at steam reviews for Battleborn, you probably dont have 10 friends."
,Recommended,394230,24105881,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,(NMYG) Wolfy British Guy,"First of all, let me state the obvious: This game is nothing like Overwatch. If anything, I'd say it was more like Super MNC, in the fact that it's a First Person MOBA. If people would just look past the whole ""Overwatch clone"" thing and give it a try, they might actually enjoy it.The PvE mode is fun, and you can play it with a group or solo if you wish, though I would recoomend playing it with a group.The queue time for PvP can take a while. Some people have complained that they've waited for upto 30 minutes for a game. Me? I've really only waited about 3-5 minutes on avereage, so it's best to play during peak times or on the weekends.Also, the notion that the game is ""dead"" is pretty misleading, given that I have little trouble finding games. I'm not sure if these people are playing at really odd times or are just REALLY impaitent.Yes, there is a microtransaction store in this, but it's only for cosmetic items, such as skins and taunts, and the store itself is burried away in the gear tab, so it isn't front and centre when you start the game up. Say what you will about microtransactions in paid games, but no one is forcing you to buy that stuff, so you can't complain.My only complaints are some optimisation issues, not to mention a pretty bad game crash when I first started the game up, but that was fixed after a system restart and hasn't happened again since (I think it was a Windows 10 problem more than anything).If you enjoy MOBAs or enjoyed the Borderlands series, you should deffinately give this game a look."
,Not Recommended,394230,23011230,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Eclipsed7,All these characters and no balancing for PVP is horrible.  Just wait for Overwatch.  Gearbox screwed up on so many levels on this game.   I gave it good try but its no good.  The mission levels are horribel and really wondered if this was same people that gave us Borderlands.. Horrible.
,Not Recommended,394230,32460019,Posted: 15 June,all,Vzhu,"Pre-ordered the game for full price. (59,99€)Playerbase is decreasing very quickly after release.Game goes on HUGE sale following few months.Playerbase keeps dying.More sales (around 10€)Game is dead.Proceeds f2p model.Pls give me my money back.."
,Recommended,394230,22784757,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,maDEMOman,Fun.
,Recommended,394230,22784665,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Misaki,This Game is a blast you need to buy it now its 100% worth the cost and if u have friends that have it lobby up and the game is 10x more fun! 10/10 one of the best games i have played in a long time
76561198201374926,Recommended,394230,22891707,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Seamsy,"Good game, but the matchmaking is pretty bad at the moment. A team of lvl 10's will face off against lvl 40's. Kind of annoying."
76561198065111543,Recommended,394230,23344563,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,coffeybeans,"At this point in time, I have bought this game twice (for the Xbox One and PC), and honestly I would buy it a third time.The game can start slow- each PVE mission can take upwards of 45 minutes solo, maybe 30 if you have a speedy matchmaking team. Even the shortest of PVP games can take near 20 min. I Think this turns away a lot of players used to speedy rounds in other games- Killing another player in PVP requires downing their shield (A bit like Halo, if you will) and their health; as opposed to just their health. PVE enemies work the same way.Other reviews I've read complain about long matchmaking queues, I honestly don't find them overly abhorrent. At the most, I've waited 3 minutes. This also fluctuates on the time of day you're playing the game and your wifi connectivity.Another thing I've seen complained about is the lag- while the style of the game appears pretty simple, There are a lot of effects and ""other visual stuff""- It takes a pretty beefy computer to run. Mine's a fairly tankish machine and I still had to turn the graphics down. (My tip there is to keep the Textures at a high setting and turn the View distance down; it still looks pretty good.) Wifi also takes a role here.-CHARACTERS-You start with 5 of 25 base characters, discluding the extra 5 that are coming out as DLC.The rest of the characters are unlockable through either raking up, or specific challenges (Like killing 800 of X enemy, or killing 50 players in PVP.) The fun thing is that the 5 characters you start with are no less engaging to play as the ones you can unlock later; and each character has unique, if not familiar, abilities.Being that there are 3 'classes'; Damage, Tank, and Support, two subclasses; Melee and Ranged, and 25 characters total, there is most likely at least one character for everyone- the trouble is simply spending the time to find (and unlock) the one you want! This can take a lot of time though- the challenges are not to be taken lightly.I've found it's better to test characters in a PVE solo match before attempting a public PVP/PVE after you unlock them to see if you really actually like that character's abilities, as you CANNOT swap mid-mission.-PVE-You can play the game's PVE missions by yourself or with a random matchmaking team, or in a private friend group. Missions are, again, pretty long, divided into stages of Wave Fights, Boss Fights, Mini-Boss Fights, Defense Points, etc. There are currently 8 missions in the game, with more said to be coming with the DLC.Characters in missions will constantly chatter; occasionally the player's character will chip in to the conversation. Each one is charming in their own ""Gearbox Way'; most of the humor is massively overblown, making it almost laughably bad in spots, but still fun to listen to.-PVP-There are 3 PVP modes: Meltdown, Incursion, and Capture.Meltdown is a mode where rather than directly going for players, you have to chase down the other team’s minions before they reach a location while guarding yours. Out of the 3, this is probably the most lighthearted game mode, given that it’s more PVE based than the other two.Incursion is a larger-scaled game where you must break through enemy lines to destroy stuff on the other side. These matches often take the longest, and are to me the most difficult. They’re most likely fit for more experienced PVPers.Capture is well.. Capture. There are three zones and two teams; the team holding the highest number  of zones for the longest amount of time wins. These matches tend to go quickly.---Inevitably, this game gets compared to Overwatch a LOT. While both (technically) fall into the same genre, they are incredibly different games, in much the way that perhaps World of Warcraft and Guild Wars 2 are.If you think the game might be worth a shot but aren’t sure, I would recommend waiting until a sale pops up (and to be fair, this game kind of goes on sale a lot). The Battleborn community is always in need of more players!"
76561198054983387,Recommended,394230,34363178,Posted: 19 August,all,Pixelicide,The campaign is amazing.The multiplayer I can't say. The one time I was able to play with someone they flaked.
,Recommended,394230,24415473,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DaemonMcRae,"I really like this game, honestly, and I don't regret pre-ordering the digital deluxe edition. I don't understand why it's getting a smuch hate as it is, especially since there's actually a lot more to do than in Overwatch, which it constantly gets compared to."
,Recommended,394230,22787424,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,What,Great meld of FPS and MOBA!
,Recommended,394230,22777643,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Epipenguin,"You liked borderlands, right?You've probably played any of the tons of MOBAs out there, right?Imagine if they were one.Battleborn."
,Recommended,394230,22882479,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jaiseck / GSecurity,"Battleborn is all about fun and teamplay.You will find different type of gameplay depending on the hero you play.You'll have alot of challenge, should it be PvP or PvE.That you like PvE challenges, PvP or PvPvE, you'll find what you're looking for.Batleborn is a shooter, yes, but with lot of humour and variety.For the people that compare this game to Overwatch, go get a brain : those two games have nothing in comon.For the QQ out there about the fact that you need to unlock the heroes (except the 6 first already unlocked), get a brain too, it's designed to have objectives and keep you playing for the long run and feel kind of rewarding. That, and the fact that this way, you'll learn the heroes and will not suck like brainless zombies ruining others game experience (yes I know, some people will always be brainless ^^)This games is refreshing and brings something ""new-ish"".This game may not be for everyone, if you look for a pure shooter like CS:GO, Overwatch etc... pass your way, it's not what you'll find here."
,Recommended,394230,22788760,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Zombie_Chan,"Didn't care about the game for a while. Tried the beta and got hooked. I wasted a whole weekend on just the beta.This game is the perfect blend of Shooters and Mobas. The characters feel fun and creative, the maps are colorful and the whole style just makes me think of Saturday Morning Cartoons. Though there may be some more balancing needed (which will always be needed for these kinds of games) it's not as bad as other games that's been out for years.The game also brings PvE which has a feel to dungeons in MMOs. You select the chapter, fight mobs, fight boss, fight mobs, fight boss, then fight final boss. It's a good way to get gear to take back to PvP.The game isn't without issues, I feel that sometimes the screen can feel a little cluttered and it does take a little bit to get use to it, but after that 5th match you no longer care, it's just chaotic fun. Hell I've had so much fun playing Benedict that I didn't even care that my team was losing.Battleborn is probably the most unique game to come out this year so far and with it's fun cartoony style and it's Borderland's humor, it's a good pick.Edit: Please nerf that Zelda Warrior"
76561198046448119,Recommended,394230,22787418,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Little Hero Dood (Whiskey),A Shoot'em up fun time. I enjoy it.
,Recommended,394230,22774992,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Graum,I've started having conversations with the characters I play.
,Recommended,394230,23328515,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,thecommunator,"Battleborn is completely underrated and is filled with amazing, fast paced, and stategic combat."
76561198026415194,Recommended,394230,32262192,Posted: 7 June,all,josue_musica96,"Seriously, ignore the haters. This is a pretty solid Moba and even tho its hard to learn at first, once you figure stuff up, everythin else just falls just into place.Give a shot, speacially now that is Free to play."
76561198005743573,Recommended,394230,23289073,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Shadowed,"This is my first review on Steam I and think it will be the last. I just can not keep quiet about this game and the injustice that happened to it in the last few weeks.I have to say that this game is extremly fun. The more I play the more I see I made the right choice. I returned Overwatch and got this instead. It is a shame that everyone jumped on the Blizzard hypetrain, don't get me wrong Overwatch is a nice game, but Battleborn is just better in so many ways. I am an ""old"" gamer (30+) and it saddens me to see again and again that games like this lose players to marketing titans like Blizz. Yes, it all comes down to marketing nowdays, it's just the way the world and capitalism work.In Battleborn, the characters and the skills they have are multiplied with the endless combinations you can think of when you level up. U can also add items you unlock, which is great. I like a challange and I love teamplay with actual objectives. Battleborn is a hidden (or should I say overlooked) gem of a game. Also the community is suprisingly mature and polite.If you like Smite (the only moba I play on a daily basis) + fps elements, then you will like this. Just give it time.I got this game when it was 40% off, for 30€ - a price tag this game should have from the relese in my opinion.Great game,Shadowed"
,Recommended,394230,22787242,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kerry Takeda,"Very fun game, I was thinking of either picking up this or Overwatch. To be honest I was leaning overwatch until I actually played both games. While Overwatch is a polished arena shooter, it lacked anything new. It was just really well done of its genre. On the other hand Battleborn mixed 2 genres that I love playing into one. Creating a fresh gameplay concept instead of a retread.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for something new and fresh."
,Recommended,394230,22805267,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bay6,"Very fun, easy to get into. Huge skill ceiling and lots of diversity in the characters. NERF GALILEA THO.Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,394230,22825007,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],They're both good...   but Battleborn is better.
76561198109397551,Recommended,394230,22903446,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ApeXRambo,"Great game, huge amount of characters to play from and the missions are fun."
76561197981853339,Recommended,394230,23286743,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Storenz,"Not a big fan of the moba department nor played any really, but Battleborn is very nicely done which is very nice. The Helix System is easy to use and is not that hard for someone like me a random gamer to pick up and play.^_^ very fun game ^_^"
,Recommended,394230,22784888,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Teh Radge,Top drawer material.  Been waiting for this game for months and it does not disapoint.
,Not Recommended,394230,29137760,Posted: 9 January,all,UNSKILLED 🌙,"TLDRI didn't feel like playing a MOBA during my experience, but much more a FPS. Battleborn is a quite strange attempt at mixing genres. The first contact you will have withthe gameis also the best. Incredible introduction, excellent music choice, it isneat.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=838563885and here. Because I can't stop watching it. I would highly suggest not to buy this game, unless you want to play the story mode with a friend for dirt-cheap.ProsAmbianceGraphics / ArtIntro videoCoopConsNo populationShortFOV is terribleMultiplayer unbalancedQueues are foreverFollow us here :Steamship Discord:https://discord.gg/zZ6sKvXSteamship Steam group :http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thesteamship----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Trust me, I really tried to love this gameStoryNothing really incredible on that side, can be fun to co-op with friends. Sadly, I wasn't able to. With only eight missions available, the story mode isn't the most entertaining nor re-playable part of that game. Very classic, you are destroying different elements, killing enemies for a good 30 minutes before finally getting to the boss. Really, nothing incredible.Otherwise, the characters are great, funny, have an incredible personality, graphics are comic-fun and the atmosphere remind you of an attempt to be Borderlands2.GameplayOne of the fun experience of Battleborn, is leveling up. Every new level, you will be asked to pick an improvement to one of the skill you already possess making you a little stronger everytime. It might go from changing your attack to boosting your stats or variations of the skills to finally unlock an ultimate once lvl 5.I would say that the FOV is a major issue in this game, your weapon seem to be taking more than 50% of your entire screen, making impossible to see other details or to pay attention to other stuff happening in game. You feel that element especially well in multiplayer.MultiplayerI believe there is only 3 different kind of map/modes to play multiplayer in Battleborn. A Conquest mode : capturing locations, Incursion (most moba element) : advancing your minions to push lanes, and finally Fusion who takes a big chunk of inspiration from Smite apparently. But I believe the worst part of multiplayer is how weak Battleborn makes you feel. You can crit, head shot, and attack enemies, it is barely worth the effort as they will barely receive any damage.Overall, I won't make a big description out of the multiplayer for the simple and good reason that, it is not really novative and take elements from Dota, LoL, Smite and so on. Furthermore, it is important to mention that the population of this game is very low, creating queue times that will last forever and resulting in a matchmaking absolutely not balanced (I just lost a game 500-20, I know i'm Unskilled, but still).Finally I would recommend to buy this game only for dirt-cheap, with a friend to only play the Story in coop mode."
,Recommended,394230,22805157,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,NuggetManCan,"No its not an overwatch clone, and yes it is really good. Well worth the buy."
,Recommended,394230,22775769,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,D3ATl-l,wow classic moba shooter. Easy to learn bt difficult to master. Something very new :)
,Recommended,394230,22855571,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mista Simple,"Classic Gearbox game with Borderlands-like humour and voice acting with great artstyle.Basically a MOBA with fps elements.Great solo/co-op missions to mess around with PvE modePvP mode is a blast.Character design, both model and voice-acting is great.This game could use more players but even with a small playerbase, they are still active."
76561198061556315,Recommended,394230,22891228,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sidewinder,"This is an extremely fun, fast, class based shooter.FPS and/or MOBA fans should defanitely check this out.Pros:- Good campaign with co-op mode and  varying difficulties, which adds good replay value.- SOLID voice acting all around and great humour.- Each hero feels unique and refreshing in his/her playstyle.- The campaign feels like a mix of Borderlands and Guild wars 2.- Balanced loot system- No microtransactions (yet)Cons:- PVP matchmaking seems non-existant. As someone who solo ques , constantly running into premades is very annoying.-  You get almost little to no experience when doing (and winning) PVP as compared to PVE. This will deter people who want to solely focus on PVP since leveling their account/hero will be absmally slow.- Too many people (including me) having FPS drop issues.- The games does very little to expain most of the PVP and map mechanics, making it harder for newer players.- Menu UI - You cannot search or sort heroes based on class among other things.- When in the heat of battle, things feel like a huge cluster f**k on-screenOverall, this feels like a solid game and is extremely fun when playing with friends. However, Gearbox needs to do A LOT to polish and balance the PVP in order to make the player-base grow.8/10"
76561198087287912,Recommended,394230,22835597,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,JexingLexter,Battleborn is a very exciting game that will always keep you hyper and even if you lose you will always know you can keep trying and NEVER give up :'D.
76561198066688540,Recommended,394230,22785643,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kain,"If ya liked monday night combat youll love this game, its an FPS through and through with elements of tower defense and moba lane pushing (in some modes).It has gearboxs trademark borderlands humor which gives life to the cast of unique characters.The story modes are rewarding to play with loot for all.The content policies are also nice, every thing that looks like a microtransaction in the game comes with the 60 bucks you pay. bank slots, extra loadouts, skins, and loot packs all can be earned or bought with in game currency you also earn by just playing the game. Free dlc with be coming out for at least the next year which includes characters, maps, and modes. Aswell as some cheap story mode dlc for 5 bucks a pop.Aside from a few expect bugs at launch and no deserter penalty in a game like this, i think this is a solid game that will be  beloved by many but maybe not known by a majority, to soon to say. So if you spend your money on it im sure there will always be a community to play with."
,Recommended,394230,22858419,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mezagong ♊,"Allright, time for a serious review.Mind you, i'm not a ""professional writer"" or any of that stuff, so imma just stick to the point.I've never played a MOBA game, other than a couple of minutes of dota, saw i didn't liked the style and left it there.This one is still a MOBA, but with the FPS implemented into it, a nice touch; already used, but nice.The chars are interesting, with their own backstory and lore challenges, and variations of their own skills which can be implemented into different styles of gameplayThe only flaw i see so far, is balance.PVE is way to difficult on Advanced Hardcore (basically you got 1 life, and you gotta play carefully; If you and your team dies the mission ends)PVP is just straight out of hell, with melee chars being overpowered, and ranged chars being underpowered depending on the map and the gamemode obviously, but still.It needs balance for the characters, and the players. Since in the queue you can find high level players, with their chars already maxed out with all the mutations and they can just demolish you and your team with a press of a button.Yes, every 4 levels or so, you get a mutation, which is a different type of a certain skill you can use in combat with different bonuses, and if used right can be deadly.My overall vote ? Looks way too high for some of you, but since it's my first MOBA i'll give it a solid 10, enjoyable, with 25 chars at the moment, lots of different types of combination for the teams, and just overall fun to play.I recommend it, of course, but until some of its flaws will get fixed, the players will have alot of complaints.We're still waitin on Borderlands 3 Gearbox. Yeah i said it. Get your asses programming you lazy ♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,394230,22905797,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,WolfMoonDawn,"Great game, Great graphics and highly recommened is you like FPS with a bit of MOBA thrown in.Just one thing. PLEASE FIX MATCHMAKING. Doing story solo is hard and I can wait for an hour but not find anyone for PvP."
,Recommended,394230,31958468,Posted: 25 May,all,☠-Notahealslut-☠,"As you may be able to tell by my profile picture, i love this game very much. Note that this is coming from someone who played alot of overwatch and to me it's no exaggeration to call battleborn superious over overwatch. True, overwatch had better marketting, more lively voice acting and a bigger team working on it but looking past that, battleborn has much more to offer. First, battleborn has a story mode wich overwatch lacks and has many PVE features for those that either want to avoid pvp gameplay or like me arent very good gamers. The characters dont feel cliche and werent designed to appeal desperately to specific crowds, instead they feel more organic and much more real. The dialogue itself too is very funny and even references to current internet memes correctly wich is a rare thing.But personally, what makes this game great to me is the leveling for specific characters. Cutting back to a more personal trait (the fact im not a very good player). In other games i oftenly ended up using items ment for defense on attack, and vice versa. But this game allows a player to pick a character designed for defense and upgrade them to become easier to use on attack. Take Galilea for example, obviously with her ability to block out damage and close quarter attack range she is ment for defense and ambushing, but her shield throw that lets one stun enemies can easily be upgraded to aid in an assault, making her offensive when upgraded correctly. While im certainly not denouncing overwatch or denying that battleborn has flaws (the deadly neurotoxin taunt for Attikus is specifically unfunny and immature, even by my standards.) i just find that this game is much more entertaining and friendly than overwatch wich leans heavily to competitive gameplay, wich is something blizzard tends to do.While it is still up for debate wich one is the 'best' to me this game easily beats overwatch due to a wider variety of characters and gamemodes, cartoon graphics and more casual gameplay."
,Recommended,394230,22904701,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Evilno,"While the game was amazingly fun the first week the PvP aspect of the game has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥since people have discovered the broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥characters (Kelvin).  The game is still fun, especially PvE and some PvP matches, but the game needs alot of work...."
76561197995957253,Recommended,394230,22855518,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Soul!,"Extremely fun multiplayer. Sadly compared to Overwatch because of some vague similarities. Couldn't be farther from the truth. Co op Campaign, multiple game types and a fairly robust roster of characters to choose from. The multiplayer has APECTS of MOBA gameplay in it like minions and towers, it also has features like merc recruitment (Like HoTS and the like). The color vomit can get a BIT frustrating at times but with enough practice you more or less get a feel for whats going on each match.I have heard multiplayer DLC will be free with the season pass emcompassing the new co op campaign missions and a few other things. Battleborn released after release will be abe to be unlocked once they come out for free via challenges.All in all a very overlooked gem with the entry price if you're interested in a unique experience."
,Recommended,394230,23190033,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Eternal,"Battleborn is my favorite game of 2016 so far.  I don't generally play FPS games, but the art style, MOBA components, and interest from my friend group sold me on this game.  This game has a similar blend of charm and humor that made the Borderlands titles so strong.  It has some quirks, but the Gearbox team has been vigilant on listening to community feedback and addressing concerns thus far.  For example, major geometry and design changes have been made to the MOBA-style Incursion map ""Overgrowth"" that fixed cheesy sniper strats.  GB has been quick on balance changes as well, and we've seen a few god tier characters brought into line without being ruined and sent into garbage tier (Ambra, Galilea, Miko).Character design is good, sound design (especially dialog) is enjoyable, and the game plays quite well.  Playing in a 2-5 player group is highly recommended.  The game is not free, which means you won't be nickled and dimed for skins, taunts, or new characters; everything is unlockable just by playing.  Characters that are still in development will also be available for free, which is nice.  This could have easily been a F2P title, but I'm glad that they didn't go this route.The game could definitely use improvements to matchmaking.  People complain about facing against high level players, but my rag-tag group of scrubs has beaten higher level groups before, it's not always a stomp.  A high level just means you've played more, and has almost nothing to do with matchmaking.  The game has some sort of MMR system, but it is hidden, which is probably for the best.  Apparently, ranked play is in development, but a couple months off.This is a bold game, and I'm happy to see titles like this get made and released despite the extreme competition available in the FPS and MOBA spaces.  This game is both, so it inevitably is compared to juggernauts like League of Legends and TF2/Overwatch.  I think that BB and Overwatch can peacefully co-exist, and TF2/Overwatch players that also like MOBAs will probably also like this game."
,Not Recommended,394230,23610218,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,NoggDog :|DoN|:,"The game itself is okay. Overshadowed by Blizzard's Overwatch, sure, but still a great combat comedy game.However, unfortunately, microtransactions are now present in the game.Normally, I don't really care about microtransactions, it's paid appearances. However, there is only one skin per character, and every single one of them is only a retexture. Some of the colors are just awful, too. Sure, there's room for expansion, but if you've played a Gearbox/2K game like Borderlands 2/the Pre-Sequel, you know that they don't really do paid cosmetics well, so retextures are probably the most we will get.The game was well and good without them, and having what they do already, it's just bad business practice."
,Recommended,394230,23280533,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,lil,Great game :-)
76561197960789224,Recommended,394230,22830595,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,RichDGaming,"I am so far about 23 hours into this game and I do enjoy it a lot. It reminds me a lot of Super Monday Night Combat. The humor is pretty damn good and the story is well written as well as the playable characters having their own story. I know additional content will be added to this game so I have already taken that into consideration on this review.The things I love about this game:-Co-op, Team based pvp and private solo play-Fleshed out universe and story driven characters-Easy to play but hard to master-humorThe things I am ok with:-The combat can be pretty hectic at times, tons of color and explosions.-The unlock system.The things I wish were better:-More options, such as scaling down the weapons modeals, they take up a lot of screen space.-Small technical issues, such as mouse lag.-More unique skins for our heroes.-Map voting for Story co-op.I know I could probably go on and on and add pro's and con's but I want to play more. All in all I think it is a solid investment at its asking price. I try to be smart with my money. But this game itch's a particular itch I didnt know I had. I definately recomend it to my friends.PS. And no its not even close to Overwatch, completely different in my honest opinion."
76561198024996344,Recommended,394230,23263719,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,LostSpirit96,"Overall I love Battleborn and have had lots of fun with this game, but it may not be a game for everyone. This game sets itself apart from others with a blend of FPS and MOBA elements to create an unique experience and does a good job implementing features of both genres. The Co-op story mode and PvP modes provide plenty of fun especially when you grab some friends jump into the game. A lot of effort has been put into the characters to give each their own personality and interactions with other characters flushed out the story behind each Battleborn. While I enjoy the game there are some issues with performance, matchmaking, and balancing that needs to be improved for a better experience in the future, but overall a great game."
76561198144761567,Recommended,394230,23263535,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Super Ultra Detective Naoto,"Have I played this game long enough to write a review? No. Will I ever? Most likely in a week or so, but hear me out on what I have to say.PvE and PvP are both really hot. I turned all the graphics and stuff down because my computer is a potato, but it still looked really nice. I even turned off particles, but you know what? It still looks really pretty. So much happens at all times, but after getting used to it, which takes little to no time, you will find it is pretty easy to watch/play."
76561198000572018,Recommended,394230,22833113,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Piprus,BADAAAASOMNES!
,Recommended,394230,23265334,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Exiled_Hellstorm,"I started off not wanting to get this game, but the open beta changed my opinion to give it a try. I logged at least 50+ hours into the open beta and this satisfied me so I purchased the game.If you are not a fan of MOBAs, Gearbox, Borderlands, FPSs or anything of that nature, do not get this game, otherwise you will end up writing a negative review because you did not look into the game.Moving on now:Pros:-Uniqueness of charactersEach character has a unique playing style that can be easily seen throughout the battlefield and in-game. You can also have a different ""feel"" for each character since the first person view of each character is different with what weapon they hold, what stance they have and what they see (just look at Toby's view). Also, the characters have unique personalities which sometimes can be rather difficult with a large cast of playable characters.-Aesthetic of the game is goodThe game holds the tried and true typical Gearbox aesthetic, explosions, cool guns, cartoonish art style, etc. which really does not create a sense of reality, which goes hand in hand with the humor and silliness that Gearbox has shown us thus far with games such as Borderlands.-GameplayGameplay feels smooth and nice. Even though there are a multitude of playable characters, I have not found one character I do not have fun with. Movement is good for a FPS, the shooting feels nice, and getting around all missions and maps feels smooth, not complaints here.Cons:Horribly unbalanced matchmaking:With all the games I have played, I have found certain characters to be too weak and too strong which makes the matchmaking not pleasant at times. Also, with the imbalanced teams, meaning 5 level 100s pitted against newer people to the game, it is hardly fair. I remember in the open beta there was a ranked queue for matchmaking, I really wish Gearbox would bring that back.-Short campaign:The campaign is a little short (which they are adding more missions with DLC) but it is replayable in my eyes since there is a lot of special dialogue with characters plus 25+ characters to play the game with. So it's perfectly fine with me.Heated topics and debates I have seen in the reviews:-Locked Characters at start:I know some people are ticked they just paid money for this game and there are locked characters, however I do not see an issue with this since that is the way to progress and become better at the game. Personally, I do like how characters are locked so I have a sense of accomplishment earning said characters and I can try them out as I go. Of course I do see that I could do that anyway by just going down the list of characters.-Comparing it to Overwatch:People, stop doing this. The games are two different games entirely, one is a MOBAFPS, and the other is an FPS like Team Fortress 2. They cannot be considered better than the other since they cannot be compared based upon different genres. Personally, I do like both games, both are really good.-Price drop after this past weekend:People who complain about this should note that they did have access to the game 3 weeks earlier than people who bought it on sale now. Also, this trend is increasing because it is a good marketing move in order to get people to purchase the game. Since this trend is apparent, people should wait to buy games rather than complaining about the price drop itself.-Free content: Gearbox clearly labeled that the free content would be multiplayer maps and characters (since the characters can be purchased with in-game money),""46,000 credits is such a huge price though"" what are you buying with those credits anyway? Loot packs that you can get with leveling up or playing the story? Just play the game, save up your credits and not complain, otherwise buy the DLC and get even more skins and taunts along with another story mission and a hero key good for ANY Battleborn.TL;DRThis game is nowhere near perfect, but I do recommend it to everyone who enjoys MOBAFPSs, Monday Night Combat, or Borderlands. It has some really cool characters, great asthetics, and fun gameplay. Although the matchmaking is a little frustrating at times I'm sure Gearbox is working to make it all the better with patches to come.8.5/10"
76561198006432208,Recommended,394230,23495156,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Abdelhazred,"Most of the issues I have with this game is the lack of players, which is only mostly their fault. Behind that it's the lack of maps, and horrible balance in PVP.However! I DO RECOMMEND this game IF you enjoy characters, backgrounds, chaos, quirkiness, dispair, and that unique bit of hope/lunacy the human element brings into a bad situation. It's just that doing the same missions over and over for character info or items is nauseating!I enjoy this game, but the grinding is awful. Especially considering you may need players to do it. Worth playing but needs fixin'."
,Recommended,394230,22814446,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Spitfire,The final release's performance is way better than the beta-build's - so there's no real reason not to buy it
76561198007352012,Recommended,394230,22821069,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,cosborne1432,"I really like this game.  The co-op campaign has varied, interesting environments, and a very Borderlands-esque sense of humor.  The PVP modes are (as you may have heard) quite MOBA-ish, which for me is a nice break from the team deathmatch dominated multiplayer of other shooters.  Also, despite the MOBA similarites, I haven't seen any of the toxicity that is stereotypically associated with Leage of Legends and its ilk."
,Recommended,394230,23279704,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ryan,"Honestly this game is great, and I have a lot of respect for GB as a game developer. However, I feel like this game has come out at a VERY inopportune time, a time when Blizzard (known for some rather... aggressive business tactics) is releasing a game that is somewhere near the same genre. This will likely cause the game to collapse before it even has a chance of flourishing.Although I don't think the games are nearly as comprable as Blizzard would have people believe, I feel that Battleborn is actually the better overall game when compared to Overwatch. I feel this way for a number of reasons, foremost of which is the fact that GB as a developer is more trustworthy to me. This might at first glance appear blasphemous: how could any developer be more trustworthy than Blizzard, the ""pinoneer in gaming?"" Well the short answer is that Blizzard went entirely off the deep end years ago, at least from my perspective. I could spend several paragraphs explaining this perspective, but a Blizzard tyrade isn't really the purpose of this review. So, Pros and Cons for Battleborn instead!Pros:-Made by the developers of Borderlands. This means great support, entertaining characters, fluid and easily understood mechanics, and above all HUMOR.-Story mode! For people that want to enjoy the game, but maybe don't have friends on to queue up for versus with or maybe just don't feel like dealing with community members this feature is very welcomed.-MOBA-style of versus games. This means the games are pretty quick and can be played even when you don't have much time to devote. These kinds of games have become favorite for the busy working class and students!-Balanced PvP (as much as can be expected from a new competitive game). I feel this point will find some contention, but I stand by it. There are VERY few underpowered characters, I've managed to do well with all of them with the exception of a few that don't fit my playstyle (looking at you Reyna and Ambra...). And there aren't really any blatantly overpowered characters, I've managed to deal with them all without ever being frustrated at the characters themselves. A lot of the ""unbalanced"" feeling likely stems from people not being familiar with the strengths and weakness of different characters more than anything else. This is VERY common in these types of games: the community needs time (sometimes lots of it) to learn how to deal with things properly before tierlists can be established.-Funny spiders.Cons:-A small and dwindling community. This will make queue times nightmarish and will likely cause the collapse of the game. It doesn't bode well that right after a 30% off sale I needed to wait in queues for up to 30 minutes... less than a month after the official release of the game. Edit: The queues have been getting MUCH better. I'm not sure if this is due to an update in their MM algorithm, or if people have started playing this game more, but in any case this is much less annoying now!-Matchmaking. This is an issue in EVERY game it seems. I frequently get placed with or against people that clearly have no business being there. I don't necessarily blame the game for this issue, I imagine this stems mostly from the previous con.-The story mode, while refreshing to see, is a bit... lame. It's fun to play through once, but isn't exactly something I want to play over and over again. It would have been nice to see these be a little bit more entertaining and varied, but I don't think it was the main focus of the game.-The loot system is pretty bad. It can be very difficult to find usable loadout gear, especially if you're only PvPing. This has frustrated many people...-Locked characters. I'm putting this as a con, though I personally didn't have an issue with it. Many of the characters are locked and you need to unlock them as you level up and progress in challenges. I thought this was refreshing compared to the money-grabbing methods of unlocking all of the characters used by most MOBAs. However, it can take a long time to unlock some characters this way. If you really wanted to play those characters (Ghalt...), you're pretty much out of luck unless you grind the challange away or level up.-Leveling up, both command and character. This can take a pretty long time unless you're PvEing exclusively. This is probably why so many level 100s (max levels) are quite terrible at the game when you see them in PvP: most of them haven't PvPed at all. This is really only a minor compaint, as after command 40 the command levels are fairly pointless for the time being, and character levels only matter if theirs a helix mutation you really need.-My most minor of complaints: The skins are pretty unimaginative. They're all free, yes, but it would have been nice to see some aesthetic changes that ranged beyond simple re-coloring of the character. I realize this isn't and shouldn't be a priority in a new (and struggling) game though.And that's everything! For those that don't want to read all that: basically this game is great and made by a trustworthy developer. However, the timing of this game will likely see it hit the graveyard before it can get the playerbase it deserves."
,Recommended,394230,22864384,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,히로,"Enjoyable enough, though I do admit that I regret paying the full $60 price tag. I would have been more content with a $40-$45 price tag. Though perhaps this is just my cheap nature that is the result of my inability to stay with one game for an extended period of time. I believe I'll get 30 hours out of this game, but I doubt any more than that.The game play is fun and addictive. I've never played any MOBA before, but I have still found myself enjoying this game. The story mode is alright and the multiplayer is pretty intense. I also absolutely adore the visuals. My 290x can run this game at beautiful settings, however my laptop that sports a 970M, seems to struggle to max out settings. Nvidias recommended resolution is at 900p. Looks fine I guess, but still a bit of a let down. Pretty colors, pretty world, awesome gameplay."
76561198012826305,Recommended,394230,22825507,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Jay2thaC,Played this game during Alpha and Beta. Im a happy its finally out and I can kick butt to my hearts content. So you on the field BattleBorn
76561198041073257,Recommended,394230,32569927,Posted: 19 June,all,The Lonely Ember,A fun and hilarious game that suffered from unfortunate timing and poor marketing.
,Not Recommended,394230,24591805,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,erebrus,"I want to like this game. I love the concept and I think the art and style is interesting. However, the gameplay is very lacklustre. You feel like a little sprite moving around. It's not like other games that when you shoot a gun, you felt that you shot a gun or - for the melee characters - that you feel you really hit and killed something. You just feel like a little sprite running around playing laser tag.Feedback is terrible in general. Not only what I have just described, but also visually it is very confusing."
,Recommended,394230,23264937,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Angrymon,"OK, So I bought the battleborn digital deluxe addition for $45 and for the price that includes even the season pass it is a pretty good game in of itself.Pros:- The characters- The asthetics and the intros- The price for the whole game (for me anyway)- some cool boss fights in campaign- co-op is pretty solid- multiplayer is pretty fun sometimes- Interesting loot system- The level system has to have even more useful traits like mutations that you unlock in gameCons:- the prolouge doesn't exactly teach you about the games mechanics very well- The Matchmaking balance is completely broken like you could be paired against someone who is level 30 or something that would always have better loot and more mutations than you so he picks you and your team off.- a paper thin story line- yep added in game purchases...... ♥♥♥♥- mission design is frustrating at times. I get what the game wanted to be in terms of campaign like a diablo/destinyish style of earning loot but the missions aren't developed enough to warrent that kind of attention in my opinion so it feels like you just choose missions just for mindless grinding (LIKE DESTINY WHICH IS NOT GOOD, PLEASE GEARBOX ADD SOMETHING TO THE EXPERIENCE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!!!!).-everything including the campaign is online only seriously ♥♥♥♥ those horrible ideas.-the fact that story public story's mssions are completely ♥♥♥♥ing random on public mode seriously who thought that this is a good idea in any capacity?- Lore of the characters locked behind challenges.- Matchmaking takes forever to get into, one trick to hasten it is to go to the steam page go to settings then downloads and select US servers in the download regions tab.Verdict: 7/10 (hopefully a 8 or even a 9 when they fix the balancing issues, add new characters, put in new mulitplayer modes and add a deeper story mode, Hell I would even give this an 8 alone if they fix the balance or at least allow people to pick missions on public servers)Advice: I would definatley reccomend this game at the price of $45 but I can see why people were so hesitant on buying it for $75 with the season pass. When you start the game you have to enter the prolouge so finish that first then you will be able to do multiplayer pvp. DON'T do multiplayer first thing after the prolouge you would go up against people at a higher level than you and better loot and you would die constantly and have a bad time. If you can grab some friends to play the campaign with you try finishing first in order to unlock characters and better loot, you should also probably play the game in advanced after you beat the campaign in order to get even better loot. Thankfully there isn't much campaign missions to go through since it has only 8 chapters and depending on your loot and mutations you could breeze through those rather easily.In any case this game has potential but it is absolutely not worth the $75 included with the season pass and those that bought that game at first with that price tag are probably disappointed with this. But regardless more people should buy this game while the price is lowered.Also if you feel my reivew has some inaccuracies feel free to call me out on it but I have only done two reviews and my writing isn't exactly the best so offer some constructive criticism ok?"
,Recommended,394230,22782934,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Wyratrux,"The skins variety is weak , they could have done a better job on the skins . There are a few chas that are OP but I hope they will fix it:) The PVP is fun , the story mode is actually hard sometimes. Overall the game is awesome 8.5/10"
,Recommended,394230,22781046,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kryptiik,This is game has been the most fun I have had in a long time. Great in pve and even better in pvp! Great Job devs.
,Recommended,394230,22842704,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ostwig,So far I have enjoyed this game. Storymode is fun and great place to familiarize yourself with character. Competitive play is loads of fun if you get into reasonably balanced game.
,Recommended,394230,22835326,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zumpano,"It's ok...I guess. Because of me playing the beta and loving it, this game grabbed my attention. And it worked. And it's not THAT great, but still fun to play.The campaign is short, and not that interesting (that opening cutscene tho). But the multiplayer is fun though and you'll be wasting your time on that. It has the Borderlands type of humor that we expect to see, and it does work. Gameplay is fun. It does not reach the same fun factor as the Borderlands games but it's still good.  AI is completely brain dead in the campaign though. Some enemies don't even move until they're like half a life left, and adding in more enemies does not make the game difficult, it just makes it annoying.This isn't as heavily praised as I gave to the Borderlands series, but it does not make it a bad game. Just an average one. It's still worth my recommendation though, just wait until it goes on sale or when there is a price drop for this title.Edit: It's now F2P. So if you want, try the game out yourself. While you won't be expecting something like Overwatch, it's still has a few things up its sleeves to keep you playing."
,Recommended,394230,30606962,Posted: 18 March,all,-W3E- The DJ,"Honestly, when I first saw this game, I thought it was going to be fun. Turns out, it is. I don't know why this game lost all of its hype. I know overwatch was the king when it came out, but I would like people to atleast give this game a try. It's a really fun game to play and the characters are also really diverse and fun to play. I haven't played this game for long, but right now I'm loving this game because how fun it feels and the characters."
,Recommended,394230,23273726,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Brolaire of Kickasstoria,"This is a great FPS/MOBA that got overshadowed by the only tangentally similar Overwatch. Completely different game and a lot of fun in it's own right. Has the goofy writing of the Borderland's series, well done hand-drawn special effects, and a number of interesting characters.The main drawback is the low population of the game at the moment, which is a real pity. As a multiplayer based game this can be a drawback to people, however as someone who lives in Japan I have had very little problem finding matches. The matchmaker suffers further from the low population, having a limited pool of players to draw from and thereby games of uneven skill level being present. There are some complaints on timegated content, however everything in the base game is unlocked through acheivements or play time similar to Super Smash Brothers."
,Not Recommended,394230,23920106,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dorgangoa,"I can't speak for the competitive multiplayer but I did enjoy my time playing the co-op story. However I find the addition of microtransactions(in the form of Platinum currency) to be unexcusable twice over. For one, it was my understanding that as a $60 at launch title the developers refused to add microtransactions to the game and instead have the in-game store run on currency found solely in-game(called Credits). Second, previous to the inclusion of this Platinum currency all cosmetic content could be earned through(incredibly long) grinding; now however, new cosmetics have been added that can only be bought through Platinum as well as extra inventory space previously expanded with credits now also Platinum exclusive. Don't get me wrong I love this game and wish it was doing so much better. But this is not being handled properly at all. I hope none of this gets carried to Borderlands 3.Bottom Line: Do you want to play a co-op shooter with friends? Get Borderlands. Do you want to play a competitive multiplayer shooter with fun and unique heroes? Get either TF2 or Overwatch."
76561198263081035,Recommended,394230,23220074,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,asinineGanglion,"Battleborn had me hooked during the beta. On a aesthetic point, the art style really works for me.  The characters are unique and have distinct personalities.  Playing your favorite character unlocks you interesting and often humorous lore. For a hero shooter it's clear gearbox cares about the characters they made which definitely Drew me in.From a gameplay standpoint it has a lot more layers than many give it credit for. A successful match is about playing your role and working with your team.  Helix bonuses and gear help you flesh out your playstyle, or react to the atmosphere.  Icould gush about specific characters and strategies.  But, regardless, there is a lot of depth to each character and team composition.All that said balance often feels off. Getting stomped is regrettable and usually a result of imbalanced characters and matchmaking.  Fortunately, patches roll out at lightning speed. Gearbox is attentive to players and seems to be ready to put work in.  All we need now is more players!"
76561198025148070,Recommended,394230,23265640,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,EclipsedHusky,"A great FPS. Every fight you get into with another player feels like an actual fight (aside from Stuns) Each character has their own skills and lore. You have to do various challenges to unlock the lore, but if you unlock all of a character's lore you get a special gear piece for that character!Also since there is a lot of confusion, this game has a Single player/coop mode, and 3 PVP modes. 4th PVP mode is in the works and will be a free add on down the road."
,Recommended,394230,22823216,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,KoolAidtheRed,"After playing both this, paragon and overwatch I have to say this is easily my favorite of the hero shooters thus far.The main reason being depth - in game modes, character designs (skill and cosmetic), customizations, not to mention it has a story mode.(will update as I play more)"
76561197997710290,Recommended,394230,22799211,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bucky With The Good Hair,"Duoing with a friend and enjoying the heck out of the story missions. Haven't played much pvp yet, but I'm in love with Caldarius, he plays like something out of 'Zone of The Enders', which kind of speaks highly to the games EXTREME hero diversity. One guy in a robot suit is an orbital frame, while another is a healing mushroom ninja that tosses out poison kunai, another is a Giant(ish) dwarf with a tree stump on his back with a crazy non stop in your face play style!The game is fun, has charisma and runs smoother than butter."
,Recommended,394230,22852090,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Lord King,"This game is absolutely fantastic. I spent this week testing all the upcoming games, Overwatch, Paladins, and Paragon. Every single one of them was an OK game, but each was missing something. Battleborn hit the mark perfectly. It's a fast paced FPS-MOBA with individual character progression, skins, achievements and titles, and an interesting PvE gameplay.The combat and playstyle is very smooth and organic, and each character (currently 25 available) has a unique play style that makes each play-through refreshing and interesting, combined with a levelling system that lets you customize each ability every time you play.The majority of downvotes are either complaints about 'repetitive' story (this is primarily a MOBA, and the missions are still fun even after multiple play throughs) and the fact that people somehow missed the fact that this is a MOBA and not Borderlands 3.As for the multiplayer, it consists of three gamemodes a capture point, Meltdown (minion push), and a standard MOBA type, but with a twist. I will not cover the capture point gamemode here as that is as you can imagine. Meltdown consists of two teams attempting to push waves of minions into the opposing team's portals in order to sacrifice them to appease a god. Their standard MOBA match consists of two giant siege-spider-tank things that must be destroyed in order to win, throughout the course of the match you can hire stronger minions by defeating them around the map, and purchase various towers such as a speed-boost and a health regen.The overall playstyle is very unique and cannot easily be compared to any game that is currently out. On the whole it is leagues above the other games I mentioned, although that is of course somewhat subjective.TL;DRBuy it, Try it, Refund it if you don't like it."
,Recommended,394230,24486917,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ZenoFi,"I really love Battleborn. The art style is amazing and the gameplay is a lot of fun. Honestly, the worst part about it is the lack of players for multiplayer, but at least there is plenty to do in story missions, and I have thoroughly enjoyed those. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,394230,22784211,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,WasabiLube,"This game feels like a lot of effort was put into it and I honestly believe it shows. The personalities of the characters, the storyline, the production, all scream like maximum effort was put into this idea. It's tons of fun and the modes are dynamic and interesting. You don't need to worry about the little things like in MOBA such as gold or mana, it's all cooldown based and timing.It also runs like a dream. My cpu is amd fx-6300 vishera with a gtx 970 and i get steady 100fps on Ultra. Very well polished and fun as hell. Buy it."
76561198002833147,Recommended,394230,22784189,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Chamberlan,"This game is a 10/10 for me. It suprised me. The Story isn't BORDERLANDS level, but its enjoyable. The characters are all fleshed out, with some sometimes smart, sometimes dirty humor. I laugh along with every story mission. The game can be tough on the Story missions at times on Normal...but thats a good thing. PVP has enough depth at the launch to keep you going. And enough Classes to keep things new. Balance is  good, as i've ever seen at a launch. ALL the classes play diffrently. Its good fun and worth the money. This is no ""THE DIVISION"""
,Recommended,394230,22780149,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,FloomingGonzo,"Changing review as i have now played for abit.... This game is so addictive such a great game! so much content, well worth the asking price.One small problem that will hopefully get fixed, is that it has some serious stutter problems online."
76561198059751719,Recommended,394230,22782940,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Endless Evolver,"I'm quite new to the pc gaming department so please bare with me:This game is beyond fun. It's one of those games that doesn't take itself too seriously but at the same time you must be serious when playing if you want to actually beat the levels (Referring to the story missions). Wih that being said, this game is heavily focused on playing as a team. With my time playing on pc (again, very new to playing pc) I don't see it being as easy to play effectively together as it is on consoles. And what i mean by this is not many people seem to use mics. Maybe i'm wrong and they are quiet or i have some setting not active, but not many people use mics when playing. Of course there is the option to type out stuff but unless you are super quick and can get it in here and there, you wont be able to type out to your teammates in the heat of things.Now again, none of this is negative against the game, it is just what i've noticed thus far. This game is ridiculously fun and by all means do not play this game if you are prone to seizures lol. (But seriously, lots of flashes and colors galore). Can't wait to unlock all the characters and give them a try. From what i see, all the characters are pretty unique in their own sense, but they are all similar as well. While they all have different powers, lots tend to have this one melee or special attack power while the other is a ""Damage in this specific area"" type power. The 10 step upgrade tree though is what makes them extremely unique and also fun to constantly go back with the same character multiple times to see if a different set up works for you. You can basically level up 10 times per match and with each level up you choose power up A or B which both do their own unique ability.While i agree with ign that the enemies just seem to be more so just enemies that charge and shoot and no real AI to them, idk if i would want them to be that smart lol. With as many enemies as they throw at you at once and their difficulty ranging from 2 hits to kill to 10-20+, i dont want them to try and dodge and flank me. Maybe its different on hardcore, i've yet to try it, but i assume it just means they will simply do more damage.So in summary, just buy the game if you enjoy super fast paced shooter games. I would recommend coming into this with a set group of friend that are also wanting to buy and play it, because you need a very focused team to get through some of these levels, but you might get lucky in matchmaking (As long as im not on your team xD). Easy controls to learn, great graphics, very fluid, and servers seem to not lag or cause any problems (Though i havent played at peak times such as at night and on weekends yet). Hope this gives you some sort of insight to the game. I highly recommend this game for a fun game with friends and just a good time, just dont come looking for something easy or some great story. You'll be a bit disappointed."
,Recommended,394230,26242095,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Fatman,"Battleborn is a very original game that is between an FPS and a MOBA. It brings to gether the elements I like from FPS games and traditional RTS games. The game is mostly focused on PVP, which has a high skill ceiling and tons of replayability due to the different characters. It also has a solo or coop PVE which is only 9 missions of about 30-40 minutes each. They are entertaining dungeon raids with good loot. The game has a small loyal following now. The community is friendly and helpful."
76561198072691689,Recommended,394230,32245325,Posted: 7 June,all,klutzykamakazi,Great game gearbox has made a lot of progress with regards to balancing characters and game modes. Hopefully going free to play will boost the player base.
76561198087162696,Recommended,394230,22830726,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SwordKirby4 | #E3Kirby 2018,"The game is very great for people who like indeft level of progression with fun gameplay and humerous characters with there own lore to the overall personallity of all. Also this is not like overwatch in the slightess, with battleborn theres a level of strategy in which you could go for the late game victory with the corolation of a army general (to me atleast with the army general). The game has cool charater skins that you could get by opening gear pack from sertain factions that do not require to be paid with real money (no microtranactions). Overall I enjoyed  battleborn and hope to see it grow in the neer future."
76561197960313223,Recommended,394230,23901476,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,m.e.x.,"One of the most difficult reviews - I give it a recommendation, but have to mention some potential for frustration as well:- 70h of gameplay so far and I had a lot of fun playing coop with a friend as well pvp, includung random matchmaking groups- Broad range of heros with very different play style - however there is quite a steep learning curve with every hero, helix build and item setup- Overall, gameplay requires some learning curve as well, and must people will die a lot in PVP at the beginning - each game mode, game mechanics and map require learning as well...- If you get a balanced game - it is a great experience and fun - but here startes the frustration: Matchmaking produced poor results leading to (very) unbalanced matches quite often- Overall matchmaking has its problems and can lead to frustration- Balancing of heroes and items is still ""work in progress"" and may lead to frustration here and there (but mostly, it is still lack of learning curve that leads to dying a lot).-  Still issues due to low player base; some issues if people leave games early or disconnect,...I am sure that I will spend further hours in this game, both in PVP and coop - will it be 200h I don't know yet :-).Overall, I clearly do not regret my purchase of Battleborn"
,Not Recommended,394230,25937800,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Seán,"I pre-ordered the deluxe edition of this game and I wanted it to be a success so much. It had so much potential. The multiplayer could have been fun but the devs seem to have given up on it. The occansional inclusion of new characters is not enough if they just ignore the stale meta of the game.ProsAmazing premise.Great voice acting.Good characters.ConsPoorly optimised.Too many unnecessary graphical effects.Unbalanced multiplayer.Boring story with very little resolution or depth.Lazy reuse of npc playermodels (some of which are textured with a single shade of grey and nothing else).A lot of little visual glitches and mistakes.The devs have to make this F2P or drastically reduce the price. However, I would rather if they actually worked to optimise the game and made the multiplayer refreshing."
,Recommended,394230,22813175,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Gygge,"Smite gameplay with gearbox humor.Great game if you are into that!Story can be soloed (easy to miss the button though if you want to start Story as a private game)Story have eight (8) missionsPros+ Variety in characters+ Easy to unlock characters (most)+ Lots of unlocksCons- Gear is not explained very well by the game, how they work and for what characters they would work(Attack speed affecting what attacks for example?)- No option to pre-select level up points (I want to pre-select my points at the start of a match for example)"
,Recommended,394230,32239828,Posted: 7 June,all,Spooky❥,"It's still underrated by everyone, but it's actually a really good game... Play this game pls ;-;Pros:- Lots of characters to choose from- Nice animations- It's very similiar to Borderlands- Does not always require money to buy in-game stuff- Has Lore missions- It became free- All Shift codes still work- Unique gameplayCons:- It still takes too long to find a match- The story isn't that interesting- Can't skip cutscenes after seeing them over 8799898 times- ""I accidentally pressed F""- Trying to revive your teammate, but you are lagging too much and he gets mad at you, yells at you and ragequits.- the Heliophage map is a complete jokeAdvance mode:- bosses only poke you into the pit- the Gunhulk has too much health and is weak af- Rendain won't stfu after they poke you into the pit- F*cking Verelsi and their weird purple explosive alienballs, throwing them across the whole map destroyingthe turrets- Rendain is a p*ssy, f*cking reinforcements"
,Not Recommended,394230,23572751,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Deo Fayte,"Full priced game adding microtransactions, nope I'm done."
,Recommended,394230,23230252,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Konyption,"Game is a total blast! As somebody who loved Monday Night Combat and SMNC, I had been waiting for somebody to revisit the shooter-moba hybrid genre and was very impressed with what Battleborn had to offer. Much more strategic than Overwatch, with a PVE capmaign that has great replay value and can be played fully cooperatively. Battleborn is a whole lot of bang for your buck!"
,Recommended,394230,22901155,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,LifeSmasher,Played LoL for 6 years and loved playing the borderlands series. MAtchmaking is super easy and haven't run into any flamers yet but that will come. I can play Coop if I dont want to do PvP anymore and its still just as fun. The loot systeam is awesome and there are just so many unlockables and I need them all!EDIT: No one plays this game anymore. matchmaking takes forever
,Recommended,394230,22782673,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Moof,requires friends for fun
,Recommended,394230,23316554,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Red Robot,Tons of variety. There's an absolute wealth of things to try out.Boasts a sizeable cast of wacky characters. (and still more to come!)A blend of the best parts of a moba with the adrenaline and intensity of an fps.Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,394230,25619830,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,stab in butt kitty,"Game is dead. Only way to revive it would be to make it F2P and the developers seem like they wont even consider that. Really stupid and embarrassing, as that's literally the only option they have left at this point."
,Recommended,394230,22781201,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dstar,"This is a review of only the story campaign since I don't really play competitive.Played the beta and I really enjoyed the action this game has to offer.  So many characters to choose from and so many different tactics to take when tackling a boss that its a little overwhelming.  That's not a bad thing though since I really like to sink a lot of hours in a game when I like it.I feel there is a lot of gamers out there that might be hesitant to buy  a AAA game for $60 so if you are not sure about spending so much then wait for a sale.  To those that are not afraid to spend the dosh on a AAA game this is honestly a very fun experience.  The dialogue is great, the action is chaotic, and the coop is fun but not tedious.  I am only a few hours in but I can already see myself enjoying this game with friends for a while.  How long I enjoy it depends on the games life cycle.  I sank 100 hours in on The Division and the updates literally killed my interest in that game so I ask myself this:  Do I like what I see right now?  Yes.  Will there be more expansions to keep me interested?  Yes.  What kind of end game does this game have? ???  The end game is usually the problem with games of this caliber where they are great but the end game sucks (See Divison).I am not sure how the end game will play out but for now I will continue to enjoy and explore everything this game has to offer.  I hope that this is the type of game that is prepared for folks like me that conquer games in a week or so because I really enjoy what I have seen so far.Graphics- 8.5Borderlands style of Art but with a little more animation and crispnessControls- 9.5Easy to pick up and play, but hard to master all characters.  I mean there is so many abilities!Playability- 10Graphics are fully adjustable and the action plays pretty consistent at 50fps-60fps, even at the most chaotic times.  I play on laptop and for some reason it doesn't even heat up my rig that much, maybe 10 degrees Celsius hotter than idle.  (GTX 960m 2 gb Vram I 5700HQ)Replay Value- To be determinedI said earlier in the review its all about the end game, but the road to get there must be fun to play over and over again because some friends will be behind me in the story."
76561198019107981,Recommended,394230,23830220,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cpt_Woody,"For starters this is not overwatch. A lot of people compared them and while they are both fps they are not the same game. If you want a dedicated pvp fps were all you do all day is group up with some other hi class peoeple and destroy other people around the world in pvp that can be done here but is better with overwatch. Battleborn is a gearbok game like Boarderlands It's the humor and charecters that sell it. Personally i've played through all of the missions at least half a dozen times and i keep finding new hidden scripting for dialoge and interactions with the enviroment and npcs. It's halarious it's fun and there is plenty of fun lore to learn about each charecter, get this game for the humor, for the lore, and for Arachnis Lord of all spiders!"
76561198068148982,Recommended,394230,30973148,Posted: 5 April,all,TheFishIsASpy,Most underrated game of all time.
76561197994419238,Recommended,394230,22888436,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,KACHOW Lightning McQueen,"Ahhh Battleborn. Ok, I was an overwatch fanboi before I heard of this game.Lets start at the beginning. I found this game from a youtuber and he was playing the open beta. I was like ""Whatever ill get it, it seems fun."" ... ever since the first game I played in the beta I screwed overwatch and watched the countdown till the game released. One of the best games I have ever played and in my opinion, it's worth every penny of that $60."
,Recommended,394230,24501501,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Robo Bug,Better game than its sales would indicate.
,Recommended,394230,32226824,Posted: 6 June,all,Mantis The Birb,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It's not like overwatch, it's much more like a moba, if you like overwatch and actual mobas, you're probably gonna love this game. Yes it is a hero shooter, but it actually has a little level system within each game, like a moba. The story is a lot of fun and the biggest downfall is that you have to actually be connected to the web to play the game at all. Now that it's partially free, I fully recommend it so much, that I believe it is absolutely worth at least TRYING to play. If you're a free member, then you will have a stellar time trying out the heroes you get in the cycle, but if you find no hero you want to play, you could probably wait for the cycle to pass and try out the next six heroes. I love this game, and despite my relatively few hours playing, I got really into it."
76561198033658480,Recommended,394230,22859756,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dirty D Dirt,"First, I have to say, I havent stayed up till 2:30am to play a game since Wow. That was like 10 years ago. This game has made me stay up. Worth it. Fun Fun Fun, even when you lose.Pros:FunGame load time isn't nearly as bad as the reviews say.FunCons:Match making is terrible. I dont think they regulate the levels when they pair people up. Single digit teams vs double digit teams regularly in my 7 hours. If you can still have fun losing this wont bother you. It doesnt for me at least for now.Worth the 60$ as much as wow is worth the 60$ plus 15 a month. Fun."
76561198063833488,Recommended,394230,23285948,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,kyuuren,"First of all I wanna say to all the people that changed their reviews from negative to positive: that's your fault for buying the game at release and that was your choice to support the game on release. It's not Gearbox's fault for lowering the price to ""compete"" with Overwatch or whatever reason they decided to have a sale 2 weeks after release.On another note, this game is pretty fantastic. If you're a fan of Borderlands, this is basically that in a multiplayer arena setting. The story is a bit cheesy I will admit and a bit long to complete, but the voice acting and humor is nothing less than what you would expect from a Gearbox game. That being said, some of the bosses in the story mission are really repetitive, tedious, and just plain annoying to fight. SPOILER ALERT: It gets boring having Isic rotate his impossible to hit legs, then hitting his core 4 to lower his life, and having to do that 4 times. It's very unfortunate that you have to stick with the same character you chose at the beginning, because if you choose a support like the new character Alani, you're screwed in the story as you do barely to no damage.Online is very intricate. The augments and display of abilities are more complex than that of Overwatch and can be intimidating for someone looking for a basic ""Hero FPS"" genre game. I am a fan of both Battleborn and Overwatch. If you like a more detailed MOBA-esque RPG Borderlands multiplayer type shooter, then Battleborn is for you. If you like Hero FPS, class based shooter with a simpler easy to grasp concept, then Overwatch is for you. Either way I play both and both are very good."
76561197963273347,Recommended,394230,23286479,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Stilongs,"I do not regret buying this game. It might not have as many players as it deserves, but if more people bought it, it would improve the overall experience immensly!This game is a bit of everything, but still filled with purpose. Mostly it is a MOBA with hero shooter elements.You start each game (story or PVP) with your character at level 1 and progressing towards level 10.  Each level you must choose an upgrade A or B to further customize your character build. You also get to equip 3 ""trinkets"" in your loadout that you can enable when you have collected enough shards. Shards is also used for turrets and other buildables around the map.As for the gameplay itself it is packed with humor, alot more than we've seen from the Borderlands series. I've never been bored in this game, and you always have a chance to get your s#!t together if you are losing a match and come back victorious!There might be some questions about how supportive the developers are towards the players, but the more voices we have the more they will listen. Please try it and see for yourself what great game this really is."
,Recommended,394230,22858278,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ragnasal,"I'm not going to lie. This game has a very Borderlands/Anthony Burch-tier humor style in its writing, and at some points it can be grating. And yet at other points, it can be fun and fitting. I consider it its lowest point in terms of story, which is sad considering the amount of effort Gearbox goes to force its humor in your face.There, now that my one major quirk with the game is taken care of; lets get on with the good parts.Hero Selection:Pretty damned amazing. You start off with a sizeable roster that is pretty varied in roles. Almost feels moba-ish, in which there's support, tanks, and DPS. Many of the characters in the game need to be unlocked, not from a paywall but from an achievement/challenge perspective. Usually it's pretty simple: Level your account to hit the rank needed to play the character, or do various secondary challenges (Kill 50 players, get Silver medals on all story missions, play five times as one faction) in order to unlock them.PVE:Story writing aside, I have quite a few complaints with how the mission roulette is set. You either have to play with a band of four people you know in order to select a mission you need to complete (Saboteur or Heliophage come to mind), or you need to solo queue and hope one of the three randomized missions that pops up is one of the few you need.Thankfully Gearbox countered this by letting you play a private session where you're able to select which story mission to progress from, where you're gated to the highest level mission you've completed. As of this review, I have still yet to complete Saboteur and Heliophage because I have no friends (kill me fam).PVP:What an absolute cluster♥♥♥♥. This is where class balance is shown to not have been a major consideration in Gearbox's head. Many heros perform underwhelmingly in PVP, while others can pretty much solo every class without a challenge.And what PVP modes they do have, they don't have a really intrinsic guide on what the bloody Hell you're supposed to be doing. Sure they give that mini-tutorial at the start of the match, but all the intricacies of the map are just left to the players best guess.Of all the PVP matches I've played, it's usually been either an hour long standoff in the middle of the map because their healers are just blatantly keeping everyone topped up forever, or its an absolute stomp because one team is missing a healer or tank.Solution: Buff everyone.TL;DR: The game has a wide selection of heroes to play, a decent loot system, a subpar PVE storyline, and absolutely craptastic PVP. Still a lot of persistent bugs and glitches that need to be ironed out as well as a major rebalancing of PVP. It is indeed still one of Gearbox's better releases if compared to Borderlands or (god's sake) Aliens: Colonial Marines.A good note is that it's less 'meme-y' than Borderlands, if that kind of humor makes you cringe."
,Recommended,394230,22823905,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,[D0D] Aozz101x,"Battleborn is a First Person Shooter Video Game. where you play as a bunch of heros and kill Rendain.although, the game does not end their, in the game you can play Multplayer with other people, I think my favorite Multplayer Mode is Meltdown.Battleborn is complete different then any MOBA (such as LoL, Dota 2, and Overwatch)Overall the game is a 8/10,"
76561198147795082,Recommended,394230,22855646,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,scouty dog,"THIS GAME IS PHENOMENAL, The characters are fun and intersting the gameplay is good. 9.5 of 10the thing is most people who plas as oscar mike are N00BZ"
76561198028945306,Recommended,394230,23321925,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Da5id,"Very fun game, I\'m not sure why it\'s getting so many negative reviews. I\'ve plsyed with about 1/3 of the charecters so far and I love every single one of them. Be mindful that this isn\'t just another FPS and you\'ll need to pay attention to the abilities and play styles of the charecters before you use them. That being said, I love how each charecter is so unique. The dialog is great too. You can definately tell it\'s from the developers of Borderlands."
76561198091327886,Recommended,394230,22787359,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Gettrancnlised,"It's like borderlands and DOTA had a baby, and it's beautiful."
,Recommended,394230,27728756,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,speedycheese,"Battleborn is hilarious. Easy to pick up and play/enjoy. But also has enough to keep you going, deep diving into the characters, and getting skilled with different playstyles on colorful, fun maps. Also the singleplayer campagn is wonderful. I love this game."
76561198075749223,Recommended,394230,22775413,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kebab,"Game needs some optimization for AMD users, but im enjoying it thoroughly.Ignore overwatch fanboys. this game is completely different."
,Recommended,394230,22884270,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Death Sequel,"Battleborn Multiplayer Gameplay ReviewThis will only be a multiplayer gameplay review. I have not completed the story, so I can not give a full review on it. However, the story definately deserves a 10/10 specifically for originality.Multiplayer Rating: 8.5/10ProsExcellent character designExclusive maps to each game modeGood combat mechanics (See recommendations and cons)Nice visuals for the genre (See recommendations)Unique and fun building mechanicMinions are spot-onConsThe game still feels like it's in the Beta stage (See summary)Good communication requires a headset (See recommendations)Often times, combat will feel like a controller is necessary (See recommendations)Regardless of accessories being being personally recommended, the game still feels more comfortable on PC rather than consoleRecommendationsThis is specifically aimed at the dev team for Battleborn and included for players' imaginations.Include a tactical map for objective planning and ping focused communicationSkills/Spells are often much too flashy to a point where damage-only abilities double as a blinding CCThe chatbox feels forced into the game as a third-party UI; find a way for it to blend better and be more accessibleAs the combat is focused on FPS mechanics, it is hard to react as quickly as a controller user; and with the visuals of blinding abilities, this can simply be fixed by adding a Third-Person camera option to better optimize combatOverall, the multiplayer still feels like it's in the beta stage. There are so many things that can be done to improve the player's experience other than the balancing of heroes; which quite frankly, will probably need updates pretty frequently if Gearbox decides to take the 'Unbalanced Balance' approach. I definately do not ever want to see that idea incorporated, but with the MOBA genre, it is an extremely popular trend. Just don't get your hopes up.I have also taken into consideration that this game is still new and will probably be in for an aging developmental process that MOBA gamers are familiar with; hence, the positive recommendation.Do not be afraid to get your hands on Battleborn so soon. It will take time, but I'm confident in Gearbox's ability to deliver an outstanding multiplayer game. If you are afraid to spend the $60 - $75, just give this game some time to grow. Come back in a couple months to catch up with its improvements so you can make your decision then."
,Recommended,394230,24354501,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Scumbag Doug,"Battleborn is probably my favourite game that is currently in my library.  I truly cannot understand why people are giving this game anything but positive reviews, but I will try and break my own down as fairly as possible.TL;DR This game is a romping good time with a vast array of heroes and the classic Gearbox touch that I loved from Borderlands.  The biggest negative is the depressingly low player population.For those who want an in-depth review, here we go:Graphics/Artwork:  It is clear from the beginning that Battleborn shares the same artistic genre as Borderlands, though with a different spin.  Shadercells abundant, the game is very much a moving comic book.  The game is visually attractive, there is no arguing that, though the myriad of colours that will erupt somewhere on the battlefield during even a single match may turn some players off.  Personally, I find it adds to the fast-paced, almost chaotic nature of the combat.Gameplay:  The game has both a story and a versus mode, both heavily reliant on the multiplayer/co-op aspect of the game (more on that later).  The story is not very long, and you can probably crank it out in a few hours if you went non-stop.  The writing and the dry, sarcastic humour of the story is fantastic.  I frequently found myself literally laughing out loud at some lines that are so casually thrown in by the heroes.  The multiplayer is split into three game modes, though more are promised in the future.  You have Capture, a domination-style match, Incursion, an escort the drones so you can kill your enemies' sentries, and Meltdown, the most MOBA-y of the three styles.  Each is fun in their own right, though each plays fundamentally differently.  It will take some time to figure out which one you prefer.  I see many people posting ""Sick, a MOBA shooter I am totally in"" which disuades those who just want the unique take on an FPS, or bums out the MOBA fans who don't like Capture or Incursion.  But trust me, everyone will find a game type they like.Heroes:  The best part of the game.  Battleborn currently boasts a roster of 26 heroes, and every single one is unique.  You have can play as a tank, healer, sniper, witch, knight, support, a rogue, fencer, a robot, a penguin riding in a mech suit, an ice golem, a mercenary, a bird-man, a smuggler, an elf-like archer, and the list goes on.  Every single hero has a unique personality and play style, and you will quickly find which ones are best for you.Leveling/Meta:  There are essentially two different forms of leveling up in this game.  During each mission or match, your hero will level up their specific mutation path, letting you choose from two (or sometimes three) perks.  You can reach level ten in each match, allowing for a unique play experience each time, though after you find your role you will often only tweak one or two each match.  Your heroes also level up outside of the match, up to level 12.  This allows you to unlock skins, taunts, loot packs, and mutations - which add a third option to certain levels when you level up in game.  This means that there is an actual sense of achievement for gaining experience at the end of a match, and you become stronger as a result.Microtransactions:  Purely cosmetic, as they should be.  You can pay for a nicer looking skin or a fun taunt, but everything you need can be purchased by playing and accumulating in-game currency.  I have not spent a single real dollar buying loot crates, and still have a heap of credits left.  However, when they released Alani, the first bonus hero, she was technically free, but cost ~40k credits.  Doable, but not really worth it.  Buying the season's pass gets you all future DLC and heroes, but at a real cost.  Still, the season's pass is cheaper than that of most other games, and we are already getting content for it.Community: We all know Gearbox rocks.  Borderlands and its sequels were amazing, and the studio behind them and Battleborn are one of the few that still respect and value their player base.  They release weekly updates showcasing fan art, members of the Battleborn community, and in-depth news and updates.  I have missed that feeling in most AAA games lately.The Bad:  Like I said earlier, the population of this game is painfully low, usually between 600-1000 players at any given time.  As a result, wait times for matches can be ridiculously long.  I got in a win streak with a random group, and noticed that in six or seven games I had played some of the same people twice.  Furthermore, players may find initial frustration when trying to find their role.  Not all heroes are meant to run in and deal massive damage quickly. My prefered role is a hero that can apply a massive overshield to herself and allies, while targetting enemies for extra damage.  But her own damage output is weak compared to many heroes.  The game is balanced if your team recognizes the need for both damage and support, but it can be frustrating when they don't do that.This game is fantastic, and it really does make me sad to see it misjudged and pushed aside.  It is a quality game with much more value than what is on the surface.  Do I recommend Battleborn?  Yes.  A thousand times yes.  If you like a unique take on an FPS with witty, fun characters that span a massive roster, a good story and some awesome multiplayer from a developer that has a proven track record, give Battleborn a try.  I will see you on the battlefield."
,Recommended,394230,22800215,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fanfarius,Insanely good.
,Recommended,394230,22948306,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jer_,"Monday Night Combat meets Borderlands...two of my favorite games, so, I meant that in a good way!"
76561198045311428,Recommended,394230,23416670,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Maloney Calzoney,"Its not overwatch. This game was very poorly marketed. It tried to make itself out as a competitor to overwatch, but it is a very different, and great game in its own right. Colorful, well written, and in depth, gameplay are what make it a unique experience, aswell as it's wonderful cast of characters. If you enjoy FPSs with moba elements, aswell as a full campaign, you might enjoy this game. my only issue with the game, is it's a little visually busy, but this mainly comes into play when watching the game be played."
,Recommended,394230,29379170,Posted: 20 January,all,Joey,"I haven't had as much fun in an online PvP since Loadout and after the MASSIVE winter update all my problems are gone. Performance has been impoved a lot, visual clutter got toned down a lot and it's over all just way better. They have put countless hours into it, as well as in all the new content they brought out since release.Wait times on Steam are SOMETIMES a bit long, because all the people that criticise the game for this are just driving potential players away even more, but there is a community driven Discord server with lots of helpful people always available!So, you want a DOTA-like FPS with per match leveling, a broad roster of characters with lots of lore to discover, a bunch of singleplayer/coop maps with a lot of replayability and just generally something different? Then give Battleborn a shot and don't get mislead by some of the huge amount of trolls and ill-informed haters."
76561198047108556,Recommended,394230,22821268,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ruh Kaan,10/10 its like bordelands and smite had a baby that was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
76561198027303142,Recommended,394230,28685148,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cemahkiin,Has improved a LOT!
76561198099357303,Recommended,394230,22819662,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Eagoth,"Do you like Team Fortress 2? Do you like Smite/LoL? Do you like Borderlands? Do you like comedy? Do you like to play solo? do you like to play co-op?If you answered yes to even just one of these questions then this game is the game for you. More than just a FPS it can be really anytype of game you want, a MOBA, co-op Campaign, it really is all that. In my 20 hours up to now I have had so much fun and met fun people.Coming from a known company that made Boderlands this game succeeds in living up to it's expectacions and more!Word of notice though, since the game is still new the queues are still pretty long but that is improving constantly as time goes by and more people buy this game but I think it´s important you know that before hand."
,Not Recommended,394230,23563597,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pir8Bob,"I bought Battleborn because ILOVEDBorderlands.  I figured, ""Same studio--I'll show my support and get a great game too.""  But Battleborn has been a big disappointment.  Not because it's not Borderlands--that wasn't the expectation (although from all the advertising they did from the Borderlands Twitter account, you could have gotten that impression).  It's a disappointment because most of the characters are locked in the beginning, the ""single-player"" portion is just a tiny co-op story you can play alone, and even ""character lore"" his trapped behind challenges that I don't see myself ever achieving.I should have spent my money on additional copies for Borderlands 2 and sent them to my friends.  Would have had a lot more fun."
76561198044342272,Not Recommended,394230,23945023,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,General Rot,"I love work geabox and 2k have done previously (borderlands specificly) and I was super excited for this game to come out, but I am left dissapointed.This game wasn't worth 60 and barely worth 30 on sale. I love the characters and universe but it feels abridged and I believe the team paniced when it came to crunch time realizing they were going to be up against Overwatch and choked.Perfromance is a pain and a half. Some levels run fabulous, but for most I have had to krank everything to minimum for my less then a year old computer to handle it; AND THERE IS NO VISUAL DIFFERENCE WHEN DONE SO.I don't play PvP often and it's only in games that were built well when i enjoy it. I do not enjoy the PvP and will not play it, so that knocks more value out of it.I love this world and these characters, but I feel it's too short and not enough content to justify any more then 20-30 bucks(extra content included!) Add more co-op levels and I will consider it even."
,Recommended,394230,22890505,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Starblastx,I'm alive!And my guts are back!Yaaaaaaaay!Whatever they paid these voice actors it wasn't enough.
76561198178065902,Recommended,394230,22967938,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BABYANT007,ok after reading the comments i was hesitant about the game but after playing it i have no idea what people are moaning at ok first thing first this is not overwatch this is not boaderlands this is BATTLEBORN so come play ignore the comments they mental8 story modes yea thats all they say but thats just normal mode then you do it again on normal hardcore and hard then hard hardcore so thats 32 times in the stroy alone there is no pay wall like most MOBA everything you can get is in game credits including market place for loadout gear game is balanced enought to not even notic unless its 2 on one then you have a slim chance of getting out alive but this is a team game can be done solo but not recommended unless you get a 1 v 1 then its fine but team work is a must.do i need say more nope except stop reading and start playing but like i sed this is not a reprint of a game boarderlands ect the company makes that game this is tottaly different so dont expect it.but im not here to say buy or not thats your option but just coz its a short game it has replay ability with or without friends yes you can do story with friends for harder levels and they are not short took me 79 mins for chapter 2 so your choice but the game is tottaly worth a look from my opinon and everyone else needs to stop comparing one game to another and enjoy it see you all online maggot's
,Recommended,394230,22789031,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Space Walrus,"Battleborn is a fun mix of MOBA and Borderlands. It's great for people who don't really enjoy the more traditional MOBA titles available. The singleplayer is fun and interesting, combining the MOBA style of starting fresh of abilities every match or mission with the fun shooting style of Borderlands and Borderlands 2. I highly recommend this game to anyone whom enjoys MOBAs, or enjoyed the Borderlands series but is looking for something somewhat similar with new mechanics.The campaign is fun both solo and co-op. It has enough interesting characters to hold your interest. It's story is told very much like Borderlands 2, with someone talking in your ear most of the time. It has Borderlands-esque boss intros with a freeze-frame and title card. The loot in the game has been changed significantly from any BL title, now coming in ""Packs."" You open these to create a loadout of three gear pieces which you can then purchase using ""shards"" once in a mission or multiplayer match. This fits the multiplayer focus of the game, and makes it fun to plan your purchases to be more effective throughout the mission.The multiplayer is the real gem of the game. It's phenomenal. It does everything right. With a whopping 25 ""Heroes"" to choose from, it won't be hard to find something new to try if you tire of one hero. Three gamemodes, each with two maps makes for a variety of fun to be had. Incursion, which is the most MOBA-like of the game modes is super fun and satisfying when played with a good team. You must push with your minion waves to destroy the two Sentry-Bots in the enemy's base before they do the same to you. In Meltdown you must send your minions to be sacrificed, earning points for each one that walks to their death. This gamemode features a more open map with a wider span of space to maneuver. The third is Capture. It's the only gamemode I have yet to play. You must defend your points while capturing the enemy's. Fairly self explainatory.Overall, I really enjoy this game so far and highly recommend it to anyone thinking about picking up a good multiplayer game that you can get competitive with or just chill out and play some campaign missions."
,Recommended,394230,23430737,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Chron0,"Great gameplay, unique and interesting characters, but......nobody is playing this game :'("
,Recommended,394230,22843895,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Teleportin' Tim,"If you enjoy Borderlands-style humor, tight gunplay, and a large variety of characters, this is a great buy."
,Recommended,394230,22908957,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,HintoRLZ,"A fantastic game that'd I go info lavish detail about, but I'm too busy playing it! Quick and dirty summary: It's like SMITE meets Borderlands. Only with a much better community!"
,Recommended,394230,22787316,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,papi chulo,"Favorite game so far this year. This game brings back a lot of memories from playing Borderlands 2 with my friends, So if you are a fan of the Borderlands game series this game is a must have. Hilarious dialogue, Cool characters, Good Graphics, and fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,394230,22973357,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KDD!^Mr.ZnO,"It must be called Stillborn, because it's already dead.Singleplayer is worthless. There are very few characters capable to do it.In my region multiplayer queues are very long, almost half an hour.And after it you've got balanced versus high-level team that dominates yours easily and your whole team of low-levels just leaves after 5 minutes of this humiliation and you must wait about 30 minutes again to repeat last step.And according to SteamSpy the concurrent audience getting smaller day by day, which tells that after few weeks it finally reaches close-to-zero value.I am very disappointed with this shameful waste of money."
,Not Recommended,394230,30218526,Posted: 27 February,all,MrX_TLO,"I bought Borderlands 1 & 2, all the DLC, the Pre-Sequal and was in the Battleborn beta but they ignored all the feedback on Battleborn.They never fixed matchmaking, item drops or gfx performance because they were too busy adding microtransactions and ugly skins to an $80 game (with Season Pass) and now they want to push an update that Steam says needs 30G to install but doesn't fix any of the complaints people have made for the past year.Do you know what happens when you make a patch that doesn't fix anything but takes 30G to install?People delete your game and tell everyone how clueless your company is.Unless the people in charge are fired, I'll never buy another product from this company."
76561198013848877,Recommended,394230,22858111,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ɥɐɹpʞoɹǝ99,"so here it is my thoughts on battle born and thoughts on battle born vs overwatch...first off battleborn is very fun to play. it has a payer vs player and a solo player or co op.visually it looks a lot like borderlands and plays alot like borderlands. expect the weapon accuracy to be just like borderlands. that is for bullet type weapon but it also has magic users and slashers. it has loadouts as where overwatch does not.player vs player mode has INCURSION, CAPTURE, MELTDOWN. on these modes there is two maps a piece. so a total of 6 maps with a no prefrence on a map vote in the beginning. some people have said they can not find matches. that when looking ti just sits and spins. this has not been the case for me. it in my oppinion and what i have seen is just as fast as overwatch in finding matches. i believe more maps on the way as well.story mode you can play solo or co op. the story mode has a total of 8 maps total.the story has evil destroying or taking planets and you need to defend them. will be more solo maps on the wayat the beginning of each match in vs or solo play there is a very short clip of anima  this hides the load up time.i have seen negative reviews just because of this. this to date my age is bogus at the very least to give a negative on a loading screen.  that dates their age lolso how does it play? again it looks like the borderlands game full of color and sprites. sprites are things like fire and twinkly dust particles ect. most just call sprite particles so there you have it. some say it has to much color i say to those people you have never played borderlands lol.the gane is not optimized very well at all. for all those that own the borderlands prequal will know what i am talking about here, it feels floaty. this could be because of my aging video card but i know this thing is not optimized very well.i have seen some say it does not run well on amd GPU's. then they list a CPU and warn people not to get the game.ok lets learn something here folks. GPU stands for Graphic Processing Unit and CPU stands for Central Processing Unit.either it does not run well with your CPU as some have listed or GPU not to say it cant be both but do not give out crappy information. fact is i have seen troubles from both camps AMD and INTL. that is because the game itself is again not optimized very well. if you have an older video card expect this floaty feeling to be a little worse.now with all this said remember this is a 2k game that playes like borderlands and that includes the ADULT humor.it has 25 characters right now but not all are playable from the start. you need to gain experience and do things to unlock the others. this contrary to the belief is easy. of course some will be harder then others but that is to be expected.pros. 25 characters, three diffrent game modes (solo, co op, vs), visually beautiful. loot based shooter.cons. not optimized (i expect this to be fixed), matching system does not work well in the fact that. i have played few games but the games i did play were way unbalanced. 5 vs 5 was 5 lvl players 4 through 9 the other side 12 through 28.yes we got our butts handed to us. so no not fair at all.thats is it and all there is.  would i buy this again? oh yeah quickly i love 2k games and been a borderlands fan since the beginning. all they need to do is optimize this game and it will be fine.now how does it stack up agaisnt overwatch?two diffrent games all together. yes both have 25 characters. both are shooters and have character stats. you can switch characters when you die and thats where it ends.let Bicuit tell you...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAMGrDUSGJUover watch is beautiful as well and will run on a taoster."
76561198255454294,Not Recommended,394230,23228732,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BK Chicken Tenders,"well, the game has been out for 23 days and is already on sale for 40 percent off. Here is just a quick Pros and ConsPros:-25 heroes-interesting multiplayerCons:-Short story-the short story has absolutely no plot-characters are all way too silly-Boss battle is lame and recycles old bosses-point a to point B linear crap-heroes are so diverse that you will not be able to play/ don't enjoy 60% of them(At least with me)-3 modes, 2 maps per mode-1 mode is for MLG Noscoperz (Capture)-Balance is not amazing-gear system is stupid-has a supply drop system just asking for microtransactions-Gear has very little impact on the match-Takes forever to geth some characters (Ghalt and Kleese)-Game feels like it should be free to play-should be in AlphaMay sound like I was a hater, but exact opposite up until launch. There is not enough content in the game, and a good chunk of the present content is not good. If they would have spent resources they put into the story and comic series into multiplayer maps and making heroes slightly more similar (I know I am talking about skill gap compression, but too many are just unplayable), this would be a great game. I would advise that you pass, even with this promotion. My advice is that you buy the Witcher 3 for 25 bucks instead."
76561198145292389,Recommended,394230,22946380,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BlazeDH,"Played the open beta couldn't keep the wollf sentry bought the full game couldn't rebuild him but got an achivement.But honestly a fun game though if you look at the negativte reviews they are mostly positive saying how good the game is but are put as negative because of bugs, glitches, lack of content, etc"
,Recommended,394230,31250619,Posted: 19 April,all,Rk_fraGGers,great game .. story is somewhat repetetive and booring in some sections but its enjoyable with some friends... i enjoyed majority of time in mm its damn good but right now its just not possible to have fun .. having the player base is just as low as 100 u will be hard to get any matches even if you find 1 chances are u will be paired against the players playing over 1k or even 2k hours or against newbees so its either get rekt or opponents will get rekt .. unbalanced mm but cant do anythng with that much low player base.... i still do recommend but with heavy discount which u will get here or somewhere else ... sad to see such a good game getting treatment like this ....
76561198002545469,Not Recommended,394230,23017242,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,St0rmwielder,"Great game, needs tons of performance and matchmaking fixing but this can be done in the near future. However, Do not buy this game if you live in China. There is no server here. Thank You Gearbox for caring about people in China so much."
,Not Recommended,394230,23388063,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Nok Tok,"This is a good game, a realy good game, but untill the matchmaking systems is fixed (or they introduce one) i would not recomend it for anyone who is not a pro.  It has a tendency to chuck a team of newbs in against a team of very skilled players, having been on both sides, its not that fun!"
,Recommended,394230,23213975,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,American Tragedy,"Well, well, well.. So let's see. As far as I can see it right now, after 80+ hours of gameplay, this game is pretty much amazing. There are still a lot of problems, lacks of content and connection errors sometimes, but anyway, who cares about it, when you have fun, playing with your friends the game from the creators of legendary Borderlands.Anyway, to sum up everything.Pros:+ Nice animated graphic+ Epic cutscenes in a story mode+ Borderlands inspired+ Challenging lores to complete+ Fun and entertaining gameplay+ 25 totally different and unique characters+ Story mode really worth playingCons:- NO RANKED GAMES. this is embarassing,hope this is not gonna last forever.- Sometimes matchmaking gets an unexpected error for no reason and this is annoying- Some people says it's unbalanced in PVP, but I can't say it's true- Only 8 missions in a story mode.. after enormous Borderlands world it looks very stupid and embarassing"
,Not Recommended,394230,23130463,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,mongonerd,"PLEASE NOTEThis is a generally good review, however I am not recommending it for the following reasons:- Poor Matchmaking- Inability to report potentially toxic players- Once a player leaves/is disconnected from a game, you are permanantly short a player leaving for an unenjoyable experienceWhile not a bad game, it's multiplayer seems lacking.  I am NOT referring to the lack of maps/characters.  The in game ""plan"" has stated that more are in the works.  I'm referring to the fact that the above flaws are in other games.  Just about every MOBA-esque game has some form of proper weighted matchmaking, not allowing full 5 man premades to go up against a full squad of randoms just because a couple of people grouped up.  Same could be applied to the reporting system, as it regulates the level of salt and vitriol in the community.  The ability to add players mid match was done by this game's predecessor, Monday Night Combat.  The joining players would simply get a credit/xp boost accordingly to the time into the match.Given these downsides, If the most egregous error of matchmaking was fixed, potentially with the adding of people. I would whole heartedly recommend this game.  If fixed while I am active in it's community, I will edit the review to reflect.The Positives include:- A phenomenal campaign, fully voice acted, quirky sense of humor, and decently written.- Rock solid net code, making a smooth experience.- Good in game voice comms, along with text chat, making it easy to communicate with your group.- Good lore for each character that you unlock while playing each characterWhile the PvP is horrendous with the community/matchmaking, the single player shines out, like the last star! It's funny challenging, and provides significant rewards with the credits and unboxing.  I consider this game decently bought if it was slightly cheaper ($40-$50) for the singleplayer/co-op alone.  For those who like a good cheesy story and great characters, pick it up, maybe on sale, if only for the chuckles and laughs you will get from characters responses in the story to their lore and voice clips.  I will continue to jump on for the single player, just to learn the lore of all these characters.  Sadly a fair portion of these challenges are linked to the multiplayer. I suppose I could try to use bots for that, but those games feel almost grindy.TL;DRMultiplayer matchmaking = Crap, Single player and lore = Awesome"
76561198004818404,Not Recommended,394230,23107530,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,{GScaleG} Braxia,"Bare with me please. This is my first review of a game:Battleborn, first and foremost, is a MOBA that attempts to be a shooter at the same time but fails at both. While it has it's fair share of strengths (most notably its signature Gearbox charm of a vibrant world and setting coupled with Borderlands brand humor) It's weaknesses far outweigh those strengths.The best way for me to review this would be to cover each of its key points seperately. It's competetive multiplayer, Overview of game mechanics, and It's singleplayer/Co-op story mode.1: The Game as a whole:Battleborn's core controls and mechanics are pretty solid, easily feeling like they were built off of that of Borderlands meaning for an easy to adjust to playstyle for fans of Gearbox. However Gearbox delved into melee based combat for a first person shooter. A difficult act to manage and they fell short. (Borderlands allowed players to focus on melee, but at least those characters could resort to range when needed)Now they did try, and had a good idea, They failed to see why that good intended idea fell short.  Too much happens on the screen, and if you want to play Melee (which is a large number of the 2 dozen character choices) You're going to have a bad time trying to follow what's happening. You can see everything your characters see, but that mean that often too much takes up the screen for you to reliably follow the action in front of you.  And while melee has a high damage output, this is only in a short burst against a single Target. This means that for the increased HP of enemies and the scaled up difficulty, you can't play melee unless you have a whole team to back you up.2: Competetive Multiplayer:Matchmaking is horrid. I am just going to state that first. But 20 minute wait times only to recieve an unbalanced team match up isn't truely a concern when compared to the rest.  The Competetive Multiplayer mode is where most the game's short comings come to light.Battleborn has three Multiplayer games modes, with mediocre map selection.  As a MOBA, in order to play Battleborn well you need to think and strategize as you would LOL, Heros of the Storm, or Dota. However, Battleborn looks and feels like a shooter instead. As a result you get the worst of both worlds instead of one.  On the MOBA side.  Too much is going on during combat, and this makes it even harder to plan and strategize because given a first person perspective of their character, the Player looses sight of important things they may see in any other Top down MOBA. Plus in a MOBA, players  often have to focus on how much damage one combo or maneuver will do. but Given the FPS aspects, that damage is no longer guaranteed. as it is very easy to miss a shot, rendering your MOBA stratgies nearly worthless.If you move to the shooter side though, The MOBA aspects ruin it just as shooter concepts  ruined the MOBA side.  A large portion of shooters are fast paced action, and Your attacks, since they have a chance to miss given your skill level, should hold weight when you land them. But instead in the typical MOBA Fashion, there are no true rapid kills. MY own experience would serve as a great example.I am an avid sniper, I have great aim and in Battleborn I am proud to say I rarely miss critical hit points. and the whole satisfaction of a sniper, is to stay back, and get one kill per shot fired. but thanks to Battleborn's MOBA side, my Rifle can't take anyone down in one shot, let alone several in most occassions. This means that all my sniper skills go to waste, and hold no weight in the tide of battle. This fact held true for several of the other characters I played as. It may play like a shooter, but your skills mean almost nothing.3: Single Player/Co-op story modeThe story mode is disappointing.  While it is the most fun aspect of the game, and I enjoy playing it with friends, it is still weak thanks to the rest of the game's shortcomings. The environments and maps are nice to look at, and I found myself enjoying mowing down the... less than varied enemy types. in the first 7 missions, each boss was different to enough of a degree that they felt fresh each time.  None of the missions felt too long  but some did feel they would get tedious seeing as they kept recycling many of the same elements over and over again.  However, the 8th mission was disappointing.  they give you a rather unforgiving time limit that is tough to make. and then the final boss is a cop out.Rather than give an interesting fight,  The battle just recycles the other 7 bosses from the game, and it becomes long and  annoying rather than fun. because what made each boss interesting becomes a painstakingly annoying  task when its paired with another boss with a similar concern. and the bosses were made tougher than their previous versions, making it even more frustrating.Back to the story, The characters all have their quirks, and the game has it's fair share of good humor. the plot falls short because Gearbox didn't really put much effort past the setting.  Each mission tries to pass as part of a bigger story, but it doesn't feel that way.  There is no timeline so missions can be done out of order, as you beat each one, you don't feel as if you have made ""progress"" in the story. leaving that aspect of the game unfullfilling.Now... I think I covered everything I wanted to say, and I hope people find this useful. forgive my poor structure and the like, as I said this is my first review for a game I had really expected more out of.(Addition from MeridianWarlord)Don't forget the part about the game being 90% locked behind a progression wall. The absolutely Horrendous matching system along with the fact you get matched against people that are anywhere from 70-100 lvls higher than you which means they have access to elite loot boxes when you dont for your item loadouts. The fact that you only get 6 characters at the beginning of the game and it literally takes HOURS to get the rest. Not bad for a full priced AAA game if you ask me. But don't you think it sounds a great deal like a free to play platform? But thats right, we all picked up this lovely gem for $60 bucks. Hey isnt Overwatch only 40 and you get all the characters right away? wow maybe this game doesnt look so great when its put that way."
,Recommended,394230,23140151,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Careless,"This game is great. I really enjoy the first person MOBA feel and how the characters seem to have a little personality to them. The game runs great and is fun to play. It is a bit grindy so if you don't like grinding then I wouldn't recommend this game. The story mode is hard enough and lasts a good amount of time but the online matchmaking takes FOREVER to find a match. I would give it an 8/10. It has it's flaws but, then again, So do all games.Edit: I also don't think it's worth $79.99 CDN. If you can't really waste the money, don't try and save up. It's worth $40 - $50 at most."
,Recommended,394230,30927011,Posted: 3 April,all,petskuletsku,Amazing game i rly dont get why its so underrated.
76561198118969670,Not Recommended,394230,23247866,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Josith,"Decent game FOR THE SALE PRICE WHICH HAS BEEN INTRODUCED LITERALLY 3 WEEKS INTO RELEASE.You can now get the game + all future planned DLC for 25% off the release price. So this gets an enthused thumbs-down.  The standalone season pass isnt even on sale, so the current sale (May 26th) is a 360-degree F-you to early buyers. Disgusted."
,Not Recommended,394230,23245214,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,lewdeh,"I have an obscene amount of time played in Borderlands (700 hours in Borderlands 2 alone; hopefully a lot of that was in the background!) and was a pre-order, season pass purchaser of this game. I enjoyed my 50 hours or so of play but feel like so much of it was spent idling waiting for matches. I don't want to sit for 10 minutes at a loading screen to play cooperatively with one random player, or even worse, to do the same and play with (or against) a team with a 500% average level differential.I really wanted to like this game."
,Recommended,394230,32396674,Posted: 13 June,all,Thungarr,"Fantastic game. Matchmaking is rather lengthy sometimes, but the overall experience is goofy, violent fun.Fire the marketing committee and keep it coming.Should never be considered competition for Overwatch or a TF2 slayer,but for a Hero shooter released somewhat as filler between The Pre-Sequel and BL3 it's an amazing find on PC and console"
76561198092250640,Recommended,394230,32231464,Posted: 6 June,all,PaPokeman,I enjoyed it upon release and now it is free so go ahead and try it. Fast and frantic combat is enjoyable.
76561198080229447,Recommended,394230,32305813,Posted: 9 June,all,Gattus Vult,"Contrary to popular belief , this game is far from an Overwatch clone , and while it can be confusing for beginners at first , and the times to get useful items are far from short , it is a pretty solid game , only major downside being that up until his F2P release , very few people actually played the game , resulting in endless queue times and ultimately people quitting .The game is fun , especially with friends , all the characters are over the top in a fun way , and while there are some that are not as funny as intended , the roster doesn't feel dull like a generic shooter .I just wish more people would have played it at release , instead of waiting for it to be F2p."
76561198121375155,Recommended,394230,32230575,Posted: 6 June,all,BOB_nachiketaom,"Awesome game! Guys... this is a full blown, high graphics AAA game gone free to play. A must try! Awesome PVP and Co-Op."
,Recommended,394230,23145732,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lightning Apple,"Having played Gearbox games for the last several years, I was quickly drawn to Battleborn as soon as the open Beta was relesed. Now there aren't a whole lot of maps or game modes yet, but that seems to have become the norm for shooter. Despite this, Gearbox claims they plan on fixing major issues and have released a patch roughly once a week. With a high amount of support that this game is recieving, and with a new character already about to be released in the upcomming week. Although for some the game will have improved drastically with the coming updates of the game, it is still enjoyable as it is now."
76561198017130726,Recommended,394230,22789358,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Maximillions,Great game - completely different vibe than overwatch.  The different characters play a lot differently which is a plus.
,Recommended,394230,22834672,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Gorebane44,No it's not overwatch.  This game feels more like borderlands in a moba setting.   The humor in the story missions is good enough that even after the 15th time hearing the same line on a single mission its still funny.  Kinda like how in Borderlands 2 jack talks about the Butt Stallion and that line I heard probably well over 1k times over the 1k+ hours I put inthat game and still die laughing everyytime I hear it =).  Also if you dont like playing against players you can play against bots with friends in the competitive modes.
76561198012905577,Recommended,394230,23263011,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Caustic,"I love how this game has the layer of shooters on top of the customization of MOBAs.You can't really think of it as one or the other, as you require the finesse of the first and the patience of the second.The helix system is a little clunky, slowing down the battle as you need to find a safe spot to choose your next perk, but I like how it greatly changes how you play the game. I can gear a healer towards a DPS build or maximize it as a support depending on how I want to play a match.I also really like the way it paints a picture of the world through the context. You get a sense that this is a crew of losers and rejects based on their designs and animations. It makes me think ""What if Masters of The Universe was based off of your old doodles from middle school.""What's really cool though is how subtle and expressive the characters dialogue can be. I found out a lot about Atticus, the rebel thrall, and Toby, the heavily armed penguin just based on their flavor dialogue during the fights. If Atticus fights other thralls during the story mode, he'll bemoan his actions and try to justify them as he kills his own people by the score. Toby, if he gets into a fight with Benedict, will reveal that he used to serve under him and resents him for it.It strikes an amazing balance between character and gameplay that you don't see enough of.My main gripe would have to be that there is too much space between spawn and the minion spawn. It takes a bit too long to get back to the fight sometimes."
76561198113282727,Recommended,394230,22832469,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,nwilli100,"Imagine if DOTA was a shooter and less ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Now throw in a myriad of well-balanced and well-varied characters, a fantastic sense of humor, 6-maps across 3 PvP game modes (with more to come) and ~4-6 hours of 1-4 player PvE campaign.Seriously this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you can afford it, buy it. If you can't afford it, put it on your wishlist and pick it up"
76561198119496147,Recommended,394230,22833560,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,The Sunken Hero,"Battleborn, to me, is like Gearbox was challenged to make a Destiny-esque game with classic Borderlands texturing. And I love it."
76561198043783754,Recommended,394230,23144756,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Black Devil Baby,"This game has so much depth, never gets boring to play for me, theres so many ways to play the game.  I haven't really exerpience any of the major issues others talk about, and the developers are really active.  Would definiately recommend this game for someone who has gotten tired of League of Legends or Smite."
,Recommended,394230,24667804,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ketsum,This game is great and people need to stop comparing to a certain other game that came out around the same time they are different games with different play styles.
,Recommended,394230,26528913,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shadeystorm,This is a really good game.I wish more people did play it.Was a bit over shadowed with when it came out.I do agree that it took gearbox a long time to start doing anything with it after release.But it has gotten better. I dont see why more arent playing it.
76561197961495250,Recommended,394230,29366499,Posted: 19 January,all,SneakyBuffalo,"This review is easy. Battleborn is an incredible game that is suffering a lack of playerbase.Some compare it to Overwatch, but that's a shame, really, because they can't be directly compared. While Battleborn does have a similar First-Person MOBA aspect, it also has an entire story mode, a set of stand-alone missions, and a deep and satisfying achievement/lore system. All modes can be completed solo, as a pre-made team, or with random players.Throughout all of its modes, the real strength of Battleborn is its incredible amount of detail, polish. and stunningly perfect voice acting. For instance, each of the 7 Story Mode maps have at least 4 or 5 completely different sets of dialogue, and certain Battleborn, if you or a teammate is playing them, have their own set of dialog that adds into each base map dialog. And, of course, the game is steeped in the same Borderlands-style humor.The issue is the playerbase. There just aren't enough people playing to support such a large game. It's sad really, but most of the regulars are hoping they release a free-to-play mode to attract more players.Although I love Battleborn, it's difficult to recommend it right now unless you're OK with a mostly single-player experience, or have a group of friends to play with. If Gearbox does manage to solve the playerbase problem, I would change my recommendation to an unwavering recommendation."
76561198046555855,Recommended,394230,29366589,Posted: 19 January,all,Sir Austzilla,"I love this game with my heart and ♥♥♥♥ing soul. It is a soild game with great mechanics, fun as hell teamplay, great character design, and funny (if a bit anoying) personality and charm. The actual dev's who have made this game put love and wortk into it, and have been improving it since launch.This is where the problems come in though, as 2k and Gearbox as a whole havew given up on it, giving it no sales, no promotion at all, and relesaing next to overwathc for this game to be ♥♥♥♥ing burried.However, this new winter update has added allot of cool fetures bringing me and allot of people back. This game hsa nearly died but please, give it a chance, it is worth your attention.If the idea of an FPS/MOBA hybrid interests you even in the least, please pick this game up at it's now reasonably priced 30$, I and others will be palying. It's understandable if you wirte it off as dead and don't want to take the gamble, but if you do, it is a damn fun time."
,Recommended,394230,32232769,Posted: 6 June,all,No Fun In Sight,"Уверен, что провал игры на старте был связан именно из-за бизнес-модели, выбранной разрабами. Бесплатная игра с микротранзакциями - найс, а разрабы ее, кажется, за 30 зелени продавали. Впрочем, за некоторые игры я предпочитю заплатить и иметь весь контент, чем часами сидеть и фармить внутриигровую валюту, чтоб купить что-то, что в итоге мне не понравится. В итоге, купил по серьезной скидке.В игре чувствуется сильное влияние ""Бордерлендс"", а мне борда очень нравится. ПвП здесь мне тоже нравится, без этих ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ьных толканий тележек. Из минусов могу отметить разве что короткую кампанию и мертвое комьюнити. Игра была дорогая, и многие предпочитали взять раскрученный рекламой порновотч.Если нравятся борды с их стилем комикса, паладины и порновотч - рекомендую. И, в отличие от последнего, тут много харизматичных героев."
,Recommended,394230,32489382,Posted: 16 June,all,Rebel Owl,"Battleborn is a rather unique take on the FPS-Moba hybrid games. Unlike Overwatch and Paladins, it does not have a large playerbase or even a good competitive gamemode. What does Battleborn have, though?Just to list some of the things Battleborn has that OW and Paladins does not:*It has one of the funnest co-op stories as long as you play it with friends. It is comparable to the Borderlands storylines with how they play.*Every champion has a massive amount of lore, backstory, and personality. You see the CoD experience character, Oscar Mike? He's more interesting than you might think. Considering characters are one of my favorite things in games, this is a huge selling point for me. Paladins and OW doesn't compare at all to Battleborn for lore.*Comedy is thrown all throughout the game. Puns? Yes, they are in it, but not to the extreme of Paladins. Typical Gearbox fashion to have a large amount of funny moments. Oscar Mike vs. The Battleschool is the best example of this.*Burds. You can play as a penguin in a mech suit. Need I say more?*Boss Battles. Just like Borderlands, there are boss battles in the story missions that drop a ton of loot that can help you even in PvP.*Equippable gear. Unlike OW and more like Paladins, there are items that can change the game by equipping them. You can make Galilea blind people by smacking them in the face, Benedict reset his cooldowns near instantly and become a real birb, or even become a regenerating high hp tank.*Taunting. The taunts in this game have a special camera that makes them far more interesting to use. If you blow someone up, both your victim and yourself will have this special taunt-camera as you do it. Some may say it's annoying, but I personally love it. The Toby ones are the absolute best.*Flair. Gear can have cosmetics attached to them that work with ALL CHARACTERS. Yes, even the armored Battleborn.And so much more, too. I didn't even get into the Helix system or the Moba-like maps in PvP.Why do I like Battleborn more than the competitors despite the lack of people behind it? I like it due to what it is compared to them. Despite the high PC requirements, it runs smoothly on my computer that only barely makes the requirements (just remember to turn down resolution, kids). The Battleborn play in a unique way compared to the other games as well, even Oscar Mike. Ultimates are made in a unique way, too. They're just normal skills that have long cooldowns instead of being game-winning, damage-charged skills. Due to how the game is, you can be a support that wins a 1v1 against a tank. The fields are completely even, and the game is not defined by the characters countering each other.Do the visuals need cleaned up? In typical Gearbox fashion, this is true. A lot is always happening on the screen with very little indication of what anything means. It could take a bit for anyone trying the 'free trial' to learn due to only playing PvP. The main selling point of Battleborn is the co-op, not the PvP. I play it as such, the co-op is currently the best part of the game. If you have a group of friends that aren't addicted to Overwatch, I'd suggest playing this with them. Trust me when I say the Overwatch crowd despises this game, I've already tried to get some of them to play the free trial. Battleborn is a unique take on this genre, and can be very fun as long as you aren't by yourself. Just don't expect many cool skins due to a lack of a playerbase. There's only about 3 per character.Verdict:Battleborn is a great game that is severely unplayed because of both the TF2 crowd and Overwatch crowd giving it a bad rep. If you have a great group of friends like me, this game can be a blast to play. Co-op is perhaps the most fun in the world you can have with friends, and the PvP can as well. Try the free trial out, and see if you like the PvP. If you enjoyed the minion-killing of most PvP gamemodes, you'd love the rest of the game as well.Grab some friends and try it out. The game only gets so much bad-rep due to no one playing it, which can only be changed by new people coming in. Just make sure you meet those minimum requirements.7 / 10 - It needs more players for better gameplay and a cleanup of some of the visuals. It's a great game as long as you have friends to play it with, especially the story."
,Recommended,394230,30475886,Posted: 12 March,all,Claw MacKain,"Sadly releasing a week before Overwatch when OW was being overhyped is what killed this game. And some people think this as bing an OW ripoff, which it's not. Yes, it's a FPS Hero Shooter, but it's also a MOBA with RPG elements. And unlike Overwatch this has a story mode you can play with as well as side missions known as Operations, which means you can either play this game solo or with friends.One downside of the game is that even when playing solo, you have to be online. As if you lose connection for any reason, you lose connection to your game session and will have to start all over again on the mission you were playing. But even so this game is very fun and has that Borderlands humor to it.And if you want to play PvE or PvP it's easy to find people to play either via Matchmaking, which could take a few minutes, or use the Discord group dedicated to this game.So do I regret getting this in preorder? Not at all. Would I recommend people playing this? Yes! God yes, we need more people and it's a fun game that should be played!"
76561197984834335,Recommended,394230,22800710,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Xano,"Like Smite but better.I have been looking forward to this game for awhile now. I did not really do any research before I bought or play any betas, I just saw it was released and bought it. I understood it was basically a first person MOBA made by the same company as borderlands.Essentially what I have found is an extremely addicting and fun game. I have played LoL for a long time and was always looking for a new MOBA. I tried Smite but I found the characters boring and the game not very unique.This fixes all of that. Every hero is unique and has a role. There has only been one character I have found to be borderline ""OP"", everything else is relatively balanced. The game has several game modes with Incursion being my favorite.Incursion is tradtional MOBA gameplay. Creeps follow paths. Instead of towers you have sentries which can move and shoot in their arena. There is no ""jungle"" but you can kill Thrall NPC's which then turn to your side and push for you. You can purchase and build turrets, extra minions, and speed boosters. You can find these yellow crystals which are the equivalent of your gold. These build things and allow you to activate your 3 preset items you equiped before the game.As you level you also have what is called the Helix progression. This is what helps make you unique. For example there is a hero that can overcharge and give allies shields. You can focus on her support role and increase her shield giving abilities with the Helix or you can go the damage route and increase her ability to deal damage to enemy and enable her to tear through enemy shields extremely quickly. Just because you play a certain character doesn't mean you have to play them a specific way.The best part. It requires actual skill. You can have the best strategy ever in games like DoTA and LoL and it does't require much raw skill. This game you will get destroyed if you cannot hit your enemy with your shots. There are no auto attacks, you have to manually aim every attack.I really think it is worth the money. If you are looking for a team based game with a lot of character give it a try. I have thousands of hours on TF2 and this is the closest thing I have played that has given me that amount of enjoyment again."
,Recommended,394230,22863546,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Sarcastick,"Granted yes I can see why this gets heavily compared to Overwatch but I feel like this it's under-sexualised cousin with loads more quirky characters and each character feels equally powerful and each character's strengths and weaknesses are fair (e.g. Montana: lots of health, high damage, medium defence, absolutely massive target and slow walking speed as compared to Miko: medium amount of health, fast walking speed, small target, medium damage, and ok defence)But I loved this game, can't wait to play more of it"
76561198208571427,Recommended,394230,22789571,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,nixblood,"Great game, awesome coop experience, really fun pvp, encourages taunting after killing someone. Would recommend!~"
,Recommended,394230,24602126,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Dr. Doop,This game is anything but dead to be honest .. not sure where people get off saying that it is .. i have done several online multiplayer games and i have not had a problem yet with finding a game!The pvp modes in the game are fun but doesnt bring much to the game that other FPS games dont have to offer. You still get killed from across the map by a sniper or you get the person charging in and killing everyone ..Single player is fun as well and can be quite challenging depending on what you set your difficulty on. If you dont want to roll your face on your keyboard and kill everything then turn up the difficulty .. you would instead be banging your head on the keyboard from frustration lol..Only thing i dont like is that you have a limited number of deaths before you fail the mission in single player mode. This is a bit aggravating especially if your playing in higher difficulty settings.I dont consider this a MOBA as much as just another common FPS shooter like say borderlands or call of duty but with just a total different approach. The only thing that is remotely MOBA about this game is the online pvp game mode Melt Down with the minions .. and even that isnt much of anything because you can just build turrets and wont ever have to help the minions and just focus on the other players.. The story behind the game is well done and the starting cinematic is pretty awesome and made like a comic book kinda which is a good touch. The visuals are absolutely beautiful and the game takes a lot of resources to run because of it and there is a lot of minor details in the environment that just make it look so pretty and badass.The characters are fun to play as well and you can also use SHIFT codes to get free skins and other neat stuff for the game. The devs are constantly updating the game and posting codes on twitter on a regular basis and the in-game content reflects it. People just never gave the game a chance when it launched because failwatch came out at the same time and unfortunately battleborn never had the amount of hype that blizzard put out with tv spots constantly..Overwatch cant even touch this game with the amount of content and potential the game actual has.. So it has a cash shop... i never spent a dime on it and i have some pretty epic stuff already on my characters and if you notice my play time is barely under 6 hours .. that means it doesnt take long to get what you  want if you just play the game.In closing: Dont listen to the negative nelly's this game is worth a play at full price or on sale which ever you decide is your best option you wont get bored and you will enjoy the game. If you hurry you can even catch the game onwww.humblebundle.comand even get some free gold coins to spend on the cash shop and other goodies for just 15$ not to mention all the other games you get from the other tiers!! Try it out!!
,Not Recommended,394230,26166251,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,HiDefAmp,"This game is selling for $60 more than it is worth and then tacks on microtransactions to add insult to injury. Gearbox and/or 2K intended for this game to be F2P from the beginning and decided to charge players to help them beta-test it before mass release.Battleborn has sold nearly 300,000 copies yet the average player count at any given time is only 300. The vast majority of people who bought the game no longer play it. I tried playing the newly released DLC last night and it took 15 minutes to find a single player and we were stuck with a 2 person team instead of the nominal 3 person team. The actual mission took 30 minutes to complete. If you buy this game, expect to spend ~33% of your play time in queues. I highly suspect that the reason that the new DLC uses only 3 players instead of 5 is to reduce queueing times.I consider the core co-op gameplay solid but horribly diluted by the incessant drive to collect ""loot"" from containers scattered around the level in inconvenient nooks and cranny holes. If you want to achieve a high score and optimize your level progression, it's impossible to focus on simply killing the enemies and completing objectives. It's often incentivized for players to ignore objectives to the detriment of their team in pursuit of claiming loot for themselves and I have lost many games because of it. The items gained from the loot serve mainly to take up space in a horribly undersized inventory with less storage space than a 1970s floppy disk. Gearbox badly needs to examine loot systems in other games that do not distract from core gameplay and appropriately complement player progression.Beware the few hangers-on who still play regularly and have developed Stockholm syndrome from Gearbox's abusive and exploitative practices. They brigade these reviews and fill them with misinformation. There are Reddit threads where they desperately coordinate to keep the positive review ratio above 50% to deceive others into sharing their misery.It's a competitive marketplace and there are many similar games that offer a far superior value proposition than Battleborn.Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,394230,23274020,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Fevered,"An incredibly fun and unique game. I've truly enjoyed playing it, and will continue to keep playing. It gets far more criticism than it deserves.Cons:- Optimization. Unfortunately, you are going to need newer hardware to play this game. Gearbox has stated that they are working on this.- On-screen effects. It can be a little disorienting at times. However, it's not nearly as bad once you get used to it. Gearbox has stated that they are working on this.- Lack of variety in campaign. I do find the story fun in multiplayer, but it could certainly use more variety. Single player is a little boring for sure.- Player numbers. *THIS IS AN ISSUE IF YOU ARE OUTSIDE OF THE US OR EU* As of right now (May 29th), there are thousands of people playing. I live in the US, and I've never had an issue finding a match or teammates for the campaign. Match queues have been very quick.- No good tutorial for multiplayer in the game. If you want to be competent in multiplayer, you'll have to do a little research. Luckily, the game does allow you to practice against teams of bots. I highly recommend practice before jumping into online matches.Neutral:- It's a complex game. Make no mistake, this is a MOBA (most multiplayer modes at least). If you go into it playing team deathmatch, you are going to have a bad time. That being said, it's deep and rewarding once you know the rules. It also manages to be fast paced and very fun. I personally love this aspect of the game.- Grindy. If you want lots of gear, expect to play the campaign a lot. You also have to level up to unlock many of the various characters in the game. Some may love it, others hate it.- It's new. There are some balance issues and bugs. Some characters are strong and a few are weak. This is to be expected, and gearbox releases new patches (hotfixes) weekly. Right now, I feel that the balance is actually pretty decent.Pros:- Fun. Battleborn is a game that doesn't take itself that seriously. You won't find a long-winded ultra-tense MOBA here. While the game is deep, it still manages to be hectic and super fun. It's a rare combination.- Character design. The characters in this game are awesome. I've played most of them, and they all have unique and interesting skill sets. Whatever playstyle you enjoy, you'll find a character that suits you.- New content and frequent updates. Gearbox devs are active in the community and listen to feedback. At this time, there are at least four new characters coming in future updates. One has already arrived (Alani).- Unique. Battleborn's charm and gameplay are refreshing. I am not a fan of MOBAs in general. However, I feel that Battleborn hits the right mix of FPS and MOBA elements. I loved Monday Night Combat. This game scratches that itch.- Graphics. The environments in the game look great.- Multiplayer. So far, I've had a lot of fun in multiplayer. You get occassional quitters (early surrender) and toxic players, but that is any multiplayer game.Overall:I highly recommend it. Check out some Youtube videos or streamers on Twitch. If it looks like fun, buy it! Just make sure you have a good enough machine to run it on."
,Recommended,394230,23642958,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Shitzel,"Ok where to start, this game is good and all but it's having a rough start. The gameplay is fun and is good when yo udont have much to do for a while. The thing is that there is a lack of players, I find this due to that the game is a whooping $60 when atm it should be no more that $30. The game takes alot of farming to get good gear and to level up characters, while you need to play with peopel to get better items and more xp. As you can see the lack of players affects this. Also It would be better if the developers put new maps and missions vs AI, Maybe a moon or somethign as a new world to fight on as there are only 3 Ekkinar, Tempast, and Bliss atm. Right now this game is a 6.5/10 for me when the developers fix the problems with Micro-transactions being in a $60 game and add more than just skins and taunts that can only be bought then I could give this game and 8-8.5/10. Overwatch is a tough competition for many games these days and I'd hate to see BB go out so quickly just because the developers went in the wrong direction."
76561198119524162,Recommended,394230,23273517,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,President Potato,Good
76561197995958259,Recommended,394230,22805029,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,redguard153,"I was unfortunately part of the camp that initially thought this was an Overwatch clone. The only thing they share is the fact they're first person ""Hero"" shooters. That's it. Gameplay is totally different, Co-op is really fun, along with multiplayer. Characters level in each game similar to a MOBA, and there are minions and other MOBA elements, but it's an FPS at it's core. If you're looking for a good, fast-paced and class-driven FPS, this is a great choice!Update: Buy the game for Toby and Orendi. Seriously."
76561198002682943,Recommended,394230,23237987,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ansumana,"The game is undeniably fun.It didn't give me the best first impression, and after playing a bit in two different beta periods I gave up on the game entirely.  But my friend talked me into playing it with them, and I'm glad they did.A lot of reviews have already talked about the MOBA/PvP modes, but I'm really loving the co-op.  The mechanics are great, and each of the 8 stages plays out like a mini-dungeon run featuring either point defense/horde, escort, or just great boss fights.  The MOBA-style in-mission leveling and variety of characters keeps each run feeling fresh, and the advanced difficulty runs are just challenging enough to keep things interesting.Add that to the pretty fun PvP modes, and it's a great package for the price.My only complaint would be that the humor is, in my opinion, a little forced.  But it has its moments.  The character unlocks might not be popular, but I think they're a solid carrot that keeps that ""just one more run"" high going.Overall a great game and a steal on sale."
,Recommended,394230,22918833,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Difference Maker,Strong sense of humorCreative characterGreat game for you and friendsYou play cause you want to and unlock things while doing so not playing to unlock things in the game
76561197992030321,Recommended,394230,32317371,Posted: 10 June,all,GregJA,"Battleborn is very well done, sadly it was overshadowed at release but the devs have put a lot of effort in improving the entire game, all while adding the content they promised.This game is definitely worth the price, or at least it is very much worth your time to play the Free Trial and don't try to compare it to other games. This game if anything, is a great game to play when you want to change things up a bit.fans of Overwatch/paladins will really enjoy playing this. Besides it is now F2P multiplayer so there is nothing to lose giving it a shot."
,Recommended,394230,24525671,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Claytone,"I gon say you what, this here is a good game"
,Recommended,394230,22773055,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Alto,"The game is fun, comedy is ok, and the characters are awesome. A lot of heros to try out and master. The campaign can be played solo or with others and takes some time to compleat. The graphics and art style is great it just works.OnlineOnline you are put in teams of five in three different  game modes. Incursion will have you destroying each others sentry bots. Capture is controlling certain areas in the map. Then in Meltdown you will escort minions to sacrificial altars giving you points. You can also play the campaign online.I really enjoyed the game but I recommend playing with friends as a team. Everyone I know is a console gamer so I don't have anyone to play with on PC. I have only won 7 games online but I'm still having fun and I will continue playing.Nvidia GTX 7708GB RamIntel Core i7"
,Recommended,394230,22776450,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,meanstreak,"most fun i've had in a long, long time."
76561197964957305,Recommended,394230,22779338,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Burn in heaven,"fps kind of has it's own style of game play going on like it reminds me of LOL but it's not really.Pretty funny humor too, I laughed a few times but ultimatly the game seems to have somthing foreveryone.so far only three modes besides story mode.Capture, its reminds me of TF2 point controle, hardly has minions in these matchsIncursion, You escort minions to dystroy the enemys gaint sentry bot as the enemy does the same.Meltdown, same escort minions but to a grinder where they give you points to win.I like the charactors a lot it seems like they put a lot of little dtail into them, when you pick a charactor and then decided not to go with them, they do a dissapointed animation.Every charactor can do somthing no other charactor can do kinda, like glind all over the map, teliport, or go invis, one char goes invis with a decoy replacing her.But the basic charactors classes are Tank, DPS, healer. With a mix and match of the three thats basicly it but it seems to be more then ""just a tank"" or ""dps"". that's as far as i can explain that."
,Recommended,394230,22779523,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kakashi,Read about this in a game informer back in 2014. Couldn't wait for it. It has finally arrived and I couldn't be more pleased with the game. It was exactly what I was expecting from Gearbox.
76561198182024227,Recommended,394230,22783171,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,jbrasseye1,"A great fun game that I recommend to anyone who likes what I call ""Bubble Gum "" , games. Just pick up and play either on your own or with others. Don't get me wrong there are levels of character complexity to this game , which will take time to master and understand fully. Don't over look this game ! An abundance of color , fun and humour awaits those who play the game. ENJOY !"
,Recommended,394230,22783264,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Neet Freak Ken,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fun.It's got all of the aspects of a MOBA you'd expect, and it's also got other fun game modes like Capture the Point (Domination from COD).The single player is SUPER fun and very replayable, and you can play with any character you want.A+ ♥♥♥♥ing game knocked it out of the park."
,Recommended,394230,22778176,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Elizabeth Olsen,has some bugs and fps drops but great overall
,Recommended,394230,22779634,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tom,Uhh...izz gud
,Recommended,394230,32553458,Posted: 18 June,all,IndianaGames,"People need to start playing this game ESPECIALLY now that it's free.I'm going to make it my duty to suggest this to everyone I meet in Team Fortress 2, Paladins, Overwatch, etc. because they WILL enjoy it.Try the game out if you're reading this and enjoy good class-based, fps, objective games. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,394230,30588728,Posted: 18 March,all,janzocker1,THIS GAME IS SOOOOO UNDERRATED
76561198131390918,Recommended,394230,32319358,Posted: 10 June,all,Havoc,"sooooooo amazing no people. Change it please, Download it and try it out it just came out at the wrong time!!"
,Recommended,394230,23017415,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ran,"The Game is well done, I know there are some bugs here and there, also some performance issues, but Just give it some time, the game isn't that old and they sure are gonna fix alot. don't just hate on a new game because there are bugs, you have no idea how many other games start with alot of bugs and performance issues too. Yet again, give this game a try if you like shooters/mobas."
,Not Recommended,394230,26331490,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,t0m_a,"English (french below)I finally can express how I feel about Gearbox's Battleborn. It took me two weeks after 24 hours of game running on two days only.(Yes, cause it's THAT bad)Andlike Zorg in 1997... I AM... VERY... DISAPOINTED . !FIrst, I didn't compare it to Overwatch or any other MOBA or MOBA shooter.I bought it because of its characters cast and because it promised to be fun. And guess what... it is not.Beyond Marquis (the sociopathic german robot, Phoebe's former buttler) and Toby (the destroyer cute penguin in a Mecha death suit) the cast aren't that funny, neither fun to play or even interesting to discover and learn in terms of background story.The missions are linear, repetitive and eventually boring because they are totally shallow. The game isn't gore even a little bit, isn't trashy a little bit appart from Marquis' lines and globally lacks a lot of personnality.Surprising for:A game with that graphical universe promessesA game heavilly based on its characters rosterA game by mothaflipping Gearbox ! (the guys how gave us, hum, sold us, the Borderlands!)But that's not even the worse part about this game that I paid 12 bucks with the season pass after it was officially released...It's technical BS !!!As many people I am far over the recommended hardware specs and still I experienced the most awful frame drops I ever had since I played games on Windows 98 ! That makes that game actually impossible to realliably and funnily play online with the so called new PvP modes.(Or even the old ones for that matter)Can I remind you that the whole game is about playing it online like any MOBA? Yes, because it's boring in solo mode, not fun anyway and meant to be a online game that you can't even play offline in solo because of the logon mechanism.By the way, I tried every single configuration tweaks or resets I could find and rely on as not random BS that a guy who doesn't know his sh*** wrote on the Internet or Steam columns. (Cause, you know, am just an IT guys since ten years now so...) And then : Nothing did the trick !Apparently some people had better luck reinstalling Windows completely, Steam and the game afterwards.There's no way I reset my whole system for a defective product out of fourty which did not  even had these perfs and tech issues in the first place when the beta was released.So it's a steady NO GO. Gearbox, I love your work on Borderlands 1 and 2 (like it on TPS)PLEASE DON'T SCREW THE NEXT OPUS RIGHT UP LIKE YOU DID WITH THIS POOR GAME.Thank youBisous!PS: No, reaaaaaaally guy, don't buy it. It'll be F2P sooner or later. Like Marcus Kincaid moto : NO REFUND !French version of that review:If you don't catch anything written above, please stop buying games, close your computer, and GTFO to get english lessons ! Bisous #2Ah and yes, don't buy this game either."
76561198090760671,Recommended,394230,32444794,Posted: 15 June,all,FiDOpi,"A little history:This game was announced 2 years before Overwatch was even in development.  After following the trajectory and participating in both alpha and beta builds, I was instantly in love.  The tragedy is that while most people saw this game as a cash grab alternative to Overwatch, the reality was that Overwatch was the cash grab title.  Blizzard responded to Battleborn's pre-release marketing to recreate a mix of a storyless battleborn melded with team fortress 2... and then used their big money marketing to out-sell and kill the Battleborn community.Don't listen to the hype around OW.  Blizzard still hasn't figured out how to create a proper MMR algorithm anyways.Play battleborn.  Laugh at Attikus.  Laugh at Boldur.  Lose your breath in tears of joy and amusement as you battle with Geoff.  This game wasn't meant to be strictly competitive, it offers the entire experience of a proper campaign PLUS end game PvE options as well as a complex and well balanced PvP system.________________________________________________________________________________Now for the rough parts.  Yes, the UI on melee characters can make the experience somewhat dizzying until you get used to it.Yes, new players will be thrown into matches with players who have been around since the  beta once they have leveled past 25 and are forced to queue in the standard matchmaking modes.Yes, there is a pretty high learning curve.____________________________________________________________________________But try it.  This is one of the best games to come out in recent memory, and I have played a combined 500 hours across all platforms (pc, ps4, and xbox 1).  There is nothing like it on the market today, and it's a truly unique experience.  If you can deal with grinding, and learning each character, and combining PvE with PvP,  you're in the right place.  If you're looking for a simple point and shoot with little complexity, go play Overwatch with the rest of the bads.  I'll be fighting for the last star.Hopefully will see you on the battlefields!"
76561198082696810,Recommended,394230,26018927,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Qaza Raspel,Fun Hero Shooter! Tons of fun heroes to play as. Unfortunately low playerbase but otherwise the game is a lot of fun. I reccommend if the price drops or it goes on sale!
76561198010088832,Recommended,394230,22788490,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,dawid_01,Great game something fresh. Alot of heroes to choose with different playstyles. Multiplayer is great. 8/10
,Recommended,394230,22920449,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SparkStorm,amazing.
76561198070357964,Recommended,394230,22817024,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,cROOck,"Way better than any current moba, worth the price tag.The story mode gives many possibilities as a bonus. What does Overwatch have? Nothing of the sort."
76561197971089934,Recommended,394230,22789704,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,*A-B* *StAtiC*9*,"*So Far, Soooooo Good!*TLDR: Battleborn is a great competitve FPS, full of various flavors of combat, skill building, and strategy. If you like Borderlands, the humor is there, if you enjoy a fast paced kill-fest, this is for you, if you get off on the MOBA equipment meta-game, you might want to stick with LOL, HON, or Smite. Overall, a fantastic effort by Gearbox. 8/10.I had had my eye on Battleborn for a number of months before the open beta. As a veteran of numerous FPS's and MOBA's, the combination of the two had me salivating to say the least. In all fairness, I pre-ordered before the open beta; what can I say? I like to roll the dice every once in a while. I'm happy to report that they came up 7s this time! While I'm not too terribly big on co-op multiplayer, the missions offer something to play with my friends that are, and further, it entices them to come into the online arena to use the loot the gather in the co-op missions.The PvP is fast paced and fun. Though there may be some balance issues to be worked out, and perhaps the overall player ""score"" should maybe be relabled ""threat"" (apparently your score has really no value outside of increasing your spawn time when killed, as read on reddit, not confirmed) overall the matches are frentic with an air of strategery that you scarcely can find in any other modern FPS. Match this with the inherent Gearbox style and you have yourself a winner that is bound to eat up at least a hundred hours of my time. If you're on the fence, jump off. This game will grab you and keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,394230,23143371,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Master Makarov,"This games major flaw was being overshadowed by Overwatch. This game is so much fun, and with a few flaws they are working on, is the most fun Moba I've ever played.However this is coming from someone who hates most Mobas. I also don't like TF2 and yet this combines the aspects of both and makes it work.The characters are literally the best part as you can spend 50 hours mastering a character then move on to another. So the replayability is amazing. There are only a few gamemodes and maps, but its so much fun.The only thing that sucks is the small player base."
,Recommended,394230,22826244,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,polyphosphate phosphotransferase,"The core gameplay is really fun, and there is a lot of variety coming from different characters and builds that have huge impact on gameplay."
76561198148523719,Recommended,394230,23216276,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Dossic,Enjoying the hell out of this game!
76561198024845522,Recommended,394230,22882756,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Inviktys,"I'm really enjoying this game!**My time played is not reflective of the many hours I poured into the Open Beta**This truly is a great fusion of Borderlands action, style, and humor (which I enjoy) with a MOBA/Competitive multiplayer focus. I hated MOBA'S as very dull and annoying games but Battleborn is the pentultimate exception!The PVE mode (Story Campaign) is really really cool. 5 heroes (or yourself in offline play) will complete objectives across beautiful (if you, like me, enjoy this art style) sprawling maps. Now the maps are linear in nature, moving from point a to but the battles carry that defining Borderlands quality of terrain variety and fast paced gunplay that enables players to dodge and weave between enemies while dishing out their own attacks or retreating for a second to catch your breath. The missions are the same, but having played through them multiple times I have not yet grown bored because it's always a challenge, always a way to show how much of a badass you are.PVP Includes three gamemodes that are MOBA modes, a lane movement where you try to destroy the enemies sentry, a escort mode where you deliver your robots to be sacrificed to a god, and an area capture mode. These carry the hall marks of moba's with merc recruitment, tower building, and coordinated plays but with, again, that penchant for chaotically wonderful Borderlands gunplay.Now the game is an investment at 60 bucks and requires mission completions to unlock characters so that can very much be a turn off. Look for it on sale if you can because it is a great shooter and a great competitive game!"
76561198015380198,Recommended,394230,22805779,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bergamont,"One of the most fun multiplayer games i have had the pleasure of playing in a long while, i was skeptical at first from the very first reveal trailer but now im glad to have tried the game out and enjoyed every hour of my time with it. You can read about it in the reviews or watch gameplay related videos but in the end it would be best to try this gem out for yourself when given the chance."
76561198045174287,Recommended,394230,23242216,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Tokenaru,"I didnt know what to expect coming into Battleborn, I dare say I like it alot, dont let the nay sayers in the forums/reviews dissaude you game is a gem."
76561198081971805,Recommended,394230,32275501,Posted: 8 June,all,#TEAMGERALT,The game got better
76561198109248256,Recommended,394230,22774120,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TheFleaMan,"Just wow, even the roles I usually dislike like sniper or healer are so much fun, just wow.Also like a lot of people, I was having framerate issues, the only thing that worked to fix it was lowering the resolution."
,Recommended,394230,22780947,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,cfin,"If you loved Borderlands, buy this game right meow."
,Recommended,394230,32237748,Posted: 7 June,all,Vector,Cool Game
76561198084262780,Recommended,394230,30455866,Posted: 11 March,all,choppingblock,I love playing this game.   The Characters have great personalities.  It is enjoyable learning and getting to know each one.  The game is very fun to play when you think you are about to lose you can turn the entire match around and WIN.  But..............not very many people play so waits are very long.
76561197991296494,Recommended,394230,32309599,Posted: 9 June,all,Vladiator,Please play this game. It deserves way more attention than it gets. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,394230,22820892,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Shawn72193,Better than Overwatch. Overwatch got boring after about and hour or two (kinda annoyed i pre-purchased the origins edition)Back to BattlebornHas a very stong Moba like feel to it in PvPPlus The campain missions have a lot of what i loved about the bordkands series9/10Orendi all day
,Recommended,394230,22810968,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,«Kageoni»,"Typical funny Gearbox humor, those who liked the humor in Borderlands will most likly enjoy the dialogs in this game"
76561198303230019,Recommended,394230,30580181,Posted: 17 March,all,[DJENN]  R_i_N,pros: animation style is like border landsalot of charactersnot a pay to winhas a campaign un like most hero shootersvery fun i have seen some people with 1k and above hrsstill releases contentcons:expensiveparitally dead :(
,Recommended,394230,23227904,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Smeowgol,"This is an amazing game; I play a lot of dota and I've kinda grown tired of it and haven't enjoyed the direction its been going lately. Battleborn checks a lot of the same boxes of what I find fun in dota, but in a totally fresh way. If you liked borderlands you'll love this game!"
76561198017154509,Recommended,394230,22804672,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Buttstalion,would be a near perfect game if they fix the random crashing
,Recommended,394230,22804515,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,sixthLEGION,"Overall, fun game. Has some balancing issues but overall fun to play the PvE and PvP sections"
,Recommended,394230,32229587,Posted: 6 June,all,Lorphex,"I LOVE THIS GAMEIt has a fantastic sense of humor, it's hilariously fun, it's great with friends, surprisingly intuitive, and fairly balanced.My only gripe with this game is that the community is dying. And it snowballs, the less people play, the people that do play say ""well, I can't find a game, so why should I play?"" So the number of players keeps going down. Hopefully this free trial can help the game back on its feet."
,Recommended,394230,23244684,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DieTokolosh,"Would highly reccomend this game. Unique and varied characters, great community and overall just a heck of a lot of fun to play :)"
76561198058072975,Recommended,394230,22798768,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bunny w/Backpack,"I like the game, it's fun."
,Recommended,394230,22890335,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,L3G3NDARYxLIME,"So imagine this: Smite, Borderlands, and Warframe have a baby. They slap that baby's♥♥♥♥♥with a $60 price tag, and call it Battleborn. It is truly a good game, that brings in some of the best of the FPS and MOBA gameplay I've seen in a while. Well worth the money."
76561197974010066,Recommended,394230,24013616,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Darkstarz,so far i haven't played the game much due to working so much but so far it is like a MOBA Borderlands and i find it extremely fun and for the 47$ cad for digital deluxe during steam sale can't go wrong there either
,Recommended,394230,23187954,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Albysaurus,Really fun game. Took me a little while to get into it as I went into it half expecting Borderlands. It's not that. It's very different but still great!The key is finding a character that works with you and play around with all the different characters. :)Also significantly more fun playing with friends/a team.Have a gander.
,Not Recommended,394230,24241555,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HotThoth,If you use this game's matchmaking you are likely to match with low levels without any experience. And about 50% of your games will have a leaver before 3 minutes into the game. Your opponents will most likely be premade teams of a few max levels.
,Recommended,394230,22781438,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,_Facepuff,it will be big......I just know it
,Recommended,394230,23348829,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Sixna,"Having reached the 250 hour mark, I've decided it is high time for a review after having experienced a solid sum of this game.-----To start, Battleborn is a mix of content that is rewarding for you to mix PvE and PvP content. While one can purely participate in PvP content, you'll be missing out on some nice pieces of gear which gets used in both forms of content.PvE:Currently, we have access to 8 story mode missions and an additional solo Prologue to introduce you to the game.Each one centers in on the progression of the story against the star-stealing Varelsi and Rendain's Jennerit army.These missions take place in a variety of different environments, map layouts, and hosts a number of different enemy types.Most objectives will involve escorting large sentires, who are more than capable of defending themselves at times, or the defense of a stationary objective.The game's difficulty scales with how many players are on your team, so going in alone will be easier than going in with a 5-man group.Difficulty can go higher by utilizing Advanced difficulty, which handles enemy damage/health/spawn patterns differently.There is also Hardcore mode, which removes Extra Lives and making you play cautiously.5 additional story mode missions will be added overtime through the season pass too.----------PvP: Currently we have 3 PvP modes and 2 maps per mode.Capture: Three points exist on the map to be controlled by the teams, there is limited currency available on these maps and many people will use lower-ranked gear to compensate for this.Incursion: Each team has two sentries that guard a part of their base. Teams are to push through enemy defenses and destroy the enemy sentry. Getting mercenaries to aid in your push is vital, along with appropriate timing and a good balance of offense/defense. There is often an abundance of currency available and you can use your best gear loadouts.Meltdown: You must escort your minions to specific areas to sacrifice them, gaining favor with Minrec. This is a balance of protecting your own minions, while destroying the enemy minions before they reach their destination. Two lanes will exist, leading to teams needing to divide their forces appropriately to ensure both lanes are protected. Currency is also abundant here, allowing you to bring good loadouts.Gearbox has already stated they will be releasing more maps and game modes in the future. They've revealed some concept art for map designs.5 new heroes are being added over time, these heroes will be available to everyone, but must be unlocked.We already have one added, Alani.-------Balancing:Gearbox has handled balancing characters with a steady hand. They are careful not to fall into the hole like many other PvP games do, where they overnerf a character and destroy their viability. Instead, Gearbox makes adjustments over time and sees the community reaction, then adjusts further if they feel it is needed. This progressive balancing has made me greatly appreciate their methods, as one of my favorite characters was subject to this balance. Ambra is still as viable as ever and still remains very strong.So if you're afraid a favorite character of yours will be subject to overzealous nerfs, do not fear. Gearbox has taken the right approach in how to balance.--------Matchmaking:I'm seeing a lot of negativity over this, and I feel like it was unwarranted, because it is something that can and HAS been improved on.Matchmaking utilizes an invisible ELO rating for players, but did not originally account for Command Rank(which only reflects how -LONG- you have played the game).This led to people who are command rank 10, who have a somewhat unimpressive ELO getting paired with people of command rank 70 with similar ELO.While this still sometimes occurs, it is rare that they are not equally skilled.Matchmaking has seen quite a few improvements so far and it has done well for improving the quality of each match.Premades now have a priority to be paired with other premades; preventing ""pubstomps"" from being common place and instead putting you up against a team with equally reliable communication.Matchmaking itself has improved as well, leading to more equally skilled teams in public matches. This has been great for me, as I commonly queue alone or with a single friend.------Characters:Gearbox did a superb job here, creating a wide array of characters with countless personality, background lore, and playstyles. We have disruptors, support, tanks, brawlers, assassins, rescuers, snipers, and territorials. And with some of these roles being mixed into single characters, this leads to even more unique plays by these Battleborn.Lore:Every character has specific lore challenges attached to their character. By finishing off a challenge for their lore, you gain access to tidbits of lore about the character. Each character has a unique audio log to unlock too. By unlocking all lore challenges for a character, you gain access to a piece of gear tailored specifically for that character. They're often quite strong or they change how you play.Helix:The helix system is what allows you to further define your build every time you level up. It gives you 2 choices each level, or 3 if you unlock a mutation(done by playing a character often). These choices augment abilities that affect how they can function, ultimately allowing you to fine-tune your role.Customization:Currently there are 5+ taunts for every character in the game, some are unlocked through playing the character often, one is always from lore, and the others come from Loot Packs which you can earn or buy for ingame currency.There are also skins which change up the colors for each character, some are from Loot Packs, most are from playing a character often. While these are just recolors, players have found new skins that are called ""Tier 2"" by Gearbox. These skins are more unique as they do more than just a simple recolor. Gearbox has also mentioned creating Tier 3 skins, which may change the character appearance greatly.------Final thoughts:Currently, I'm deeply enjoying this game and am happy with my purchase. I paid full price for the Digital Deluxe and would do it again in a heart beat.My only gripes currently would be quite minimal.Some players sometimes treat PvP matches like Team Deathmatch, which causes the actual objectives to be ignored. While they may get a fancy K/D ratio, the team will ultimately lose. But this is simply how some people operate, you'll find this behavior in -every- game.A bit more communication about upcoming changes would be great, especially if they're posted for people to clearly see.Most people didn't know about the matchmaking improvements, as they weren't posted everywhere for people to see. This could quell some of the doomsayers who assume nothing has changed. As well as let the community know what Gearbox's next step(s) are for everything they're doing.Overall, I believe this is a great game and recommend anyone who loves Gearbox's humor, wild character design, and gameplay to give this game a shot. It's a solid title that has been overshadowed by competitor marketing and has a great community behind it.Thanks for reading my review and I hope it helps you make your purchasing decision."
76561197960671023,Recommended,394230,23354679,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Aca Maca,"Awesome game, just needs more people playing!"
76561198074082784,Recommended,394230,22861411,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Thulsa Doom,"normal difficulty is too hard on some missions and match maker is slow sometimes, other than that , its a fun game"
76561198066124166,Recommended,394230,22782693,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ｗｏｌｏｌｏ,Rest in peace people with epilepsy
,Recommended,394230,22916272,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Beam,"Good game, really underrated. I have both Overatch and Battleborn and trust me they are different yet really fun in their own way. FYI You dont need the DLC for the future multiplayer maps or heroes they come free, you just unlock them quicker."
76561198096911771,Recommended,394230,24233563,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,4N15H,Everything Is Good.Other Than Matchmaking server in india.no one is ever paired on this server.For Coop - Russia And Uk Servers Are Best To Play From India.
,Recommended,394230,24232912,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"It's a solid game and contrary to popular belief, plays nothing like Overwatch. The only similarity it may possibly share are the character lineups, but that's something to be expected from any 'arena shooter revolving around classes/heroes. If anything, the game plays more like Borderlands combined with several MOBA elements.I was actually in the midst of writing a wall of text but it was slowly turning into a fullblown essay which mainly derived from my frustration with this game; which is not something I want this 'review' to focus on. So I'm going to keep it very brief and concise for a change.Cons (applies mostly to PvP):- Questionable to Horrible matchmaking.- Spamfest of skills often obscuring screen like magic gnomes joypuking on your face.- Friendly and hostile units blocking your sight and colliding with your skills.- Somewhat difficult to track your target(s) because of the above two points.- Disconnects/Leavers that leave an entire team crippled in versus.- Absolutely nothing to compensate for the above point.- People who play this game thinking it's Overwatch.- Questionable character balance.- Campaign somehwat easy (even on advanced) only getting difficult in 4-5 player parties.- Lack of players for campaign matchmaking making full/filled parties really rare.- Campaign is forgettable and short; doesn't really capture any attention to the story.- Probably more..Pros:+ Despite the cons, the Campaign is enjoyable action-wise.+ The characters, their different or similar personalities and voice lines.+ Interesting and clean artstyle.+ Great soundtrack.+ The humor which relates to the character voice lines really.+ Oscar Mike & Whiskey Foxtrot.+ Orendi & Shayne/Aurox.+ Okay now I'm just naming irrelevant things to extend this 'pros' list..So yeah.. when it comes to quantity or severity, the cons outweigh the pros from my (current) perspective. That doesn't mean it's a bad game... right? So would I recommend this game.. For it's full price, definitely not. Not to mention there's still the season pass that will add new story missions and characters. Or even the microtransactions for 'special' skins and taunts.. ..not sure what they were thinking adding those to this full retail game especially in it's current state.Even though it's nothing like Overwatch.. this game in it's 'fullest' is priced at a higher value than even their Origins edition (which are mainly skins). That would indicate either the campaign or the difference in games is enough to justify a higher price tag, which obviously isn't the case in my honest opinion; by far.Putting it bluntly.. Get the digital deluxe edition when it's on a decent sale and I'd say it's fair enough of a deal to get your money's worth especially if you're into Borderlands' gameplay. And solely on that condition will I leave this recommendation on a 'Yes' note."
76561198195067567,Recommended,394230,22807960,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,JoblessSausage,Like Borderlands?U'll love Battleborn
,Recommended,394230,23425557,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,La-Li-Lu-Le-Lo,"I love this game so much. While there are things that make me grumble on occasion, they aren't things that happen often or can be patched out. So, here's the rundown.Pros:-Super fun PvE campaigns, with Advanced difficulties. They're also relatively forgiving if you want to try out a new character since most people on your team will know what they are doing.-Every character feels uniquely different, and has a full fledged skill tree for every match to try new builds, unlockable skills, unlockable lore, and unlockable taunts, and not all of them are show in the command menu.-Speaking of lore, all the characters are very well developed! Their lore will explain how they became such badasses and their trials before you met them like Rath, or reveal things like Oscar Mike's terrible fear of spiders.-Very humorous, and all thecharacters have dozens of different lines. Even the campaign dialogue will change depending on the characters present.-Tons of replayability due to the unlocks.-PvP is challenging but satisfying when you win.-The soundtrack is pretty damn good.-Fast paced crazy action, just like Borderlands.Cons:-Sometimes enemies will bug out and be stuck behind a wall, where you can't kill them. This can prevent progress, but can usually be solved by AOE abilites, waiting, or in the case of timed levels walking away.-PvP is HARD when you first start. Expect to die a lot.-Not everyone thinks to be mindful of their teammates and stick together, or they stand in front of you where you can't shoot around them. This game is very cooperative in every aspect but single player, so you can't leave your healers and snipers out in the open.-Getting pushed into a wall by an Attikus and Kelvin then pummeled sucks, because you're literally stuck between a rock and a hard place.-Melee tanks are a little squishy, so you have to be very mindful of staying in motion.-Poor optimization. I run this on medium settings and still get  big FPS drops on certain levels, (*cough* I'm looking at you Saboteur...) whereas I can run MGSV on high and never get any drops except for maybe like 30 seconds rarely.I'm hoping I wrote about an equal amount for both, as I can't really tell on my phone. But really, give this game a chance, even if you wait for a free weekend, a sale, or even have a friend that owns it share their steam library with you. It has a solid story, varied game play, and is just made to be fun."
,Recommended,394230,22804245,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sgt.Pepper,Reasons this game is awesome:- Looks and feels like Borderlands (there is that Borderlandy humor too!)- Amazing characters with different abilities that make you badass!!!- Easy to learn compared to other mobas (ALOT easier than DotA)- Its fast paced but also requires tactics and teamplay- THE FKN INTRO IS AMAZING!!! Seriously make this an anime series- Cool soundtrack- Different maps with different modes (its not just a moba)- Has nothing to do with Smite or Paragon but it feels like Overwatch with a little twist of moba elementsOverall....BUY IT!!!!(will keep updating my review as I put more time into the game)
76561198006610180,Recommended,394230,23468439,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,G1_Leozack,"Enjoyable game, nice mechanics! It does take some getting used to, but that goes for most things in life. If you like shooters, RPG, allout-brawl, SF and all that, you should definitely give this a try!"
76561198193774471,Not Recommended,394230,22775728,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sylvester Stallone,"Lovely game, but don't buy it yet if you have AMD GPU. I have a very good rig with xfire asus HD 7870 V2 (2 x 2 gb vram) and in open spaces it drops down to 30 fps, while in multiplayer i get 120 fps. Settings on low/medium,"
76561198097401950,Recommended,394230,22899319,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,IronRush,Really amazing game! And different like some people are insisting... this game is completely different from Overwatch.I appreciated a lot the PT-BR localization also. Great job and is the first 2K game with this support.
,Recommended,394230,30685265,Posted: 23 March,all,P!EW00T,This game is very fun to play.it has many characters with different skills & styles.overall this game has a simple look which i liked most.worth to buy :D
,Not Recommended,394230,32999196,Posted: 29 June,all,another_you.mp3,this game is dead.spend 20 mins waiting for a match - map selection - the game was off.10/10
76561198058494357,Recommended,394230,23747213,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LadAussie,"About Bloody time!!After the poor match makeing and timeing of the realese this gem of a game gets the second chance it deserves. Make use of the free to play and make up your own minds about the game, no more of this fanboy crap that plauged its release.For all you aussies and kiwis out there, give ""ANZ battleborn discord"" a quick google and come join the family :)"
,Recommended,394230,29390083,Posted: 20 January,all,ZeroEfficiency,Not like Overwatch.
76561198027388592,Not Recommended,394230,23047861,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Quezovercoatl,"I was excited for the release of this game to be released, but it just doesn't live up to expectations.The coop is OK for the first couple of playthroughs, but it quickly becomes tired.  There are way better coop games out there that cost a lot less money.  Any of the Borderlands games (also made by gearbox) will provide a better coop experience than this game.  There are a total of eight story missions, and each one takes 20-30 minutes to play through.  So that's about 8 hours worth of gameplay before it get's boring.In a full priced game I would expect to be able to play all of the characters from the beginning, but that's not the case here.  You have to reach a certain level for your account, or achieve certain milestones, to unlock most of the characters.  I would expect that kind of grind from a free to play title.On top of that the characters are not very satisfying to play.  Their skills feel...meh, but hey at least the cool down timers are short so you can spam them relentlessly.The PVP portion of the game....well just....no.  There are plenty of reviews and discussion threads that point out the many flaws (and there are MANY) in that game mode so I'll spare you.  There are too many other MOBAs out there that are well done and satisfying to play.In short, don't waste your time or money on this game."
76561198046037720,Recommended,394230,22781092,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Asphine Nytrix,Battleborn is love.You like MOBA?You like shooters?You like something  new? mashed together?You like jokes eg. Borderlands?A lot of people compare this to Overwatch which is very big mistake.Buy it now.
,Recommended,394230,22774132,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Earth Rick C-137,"I bought this game with literally no idea what it was like. I had not joined any beta, or even watched any videos. i saw some online ads, and read previous steam reviews and decided to try it.First impression,it has the same constant banter and witty jokes (that personally makes me laugh out loud frequently) as the borderlands series. Reminding me of Handsome Jack from borderlands (maybe same voice actor?) which is not surprising since the same developer made both games.Game is beautiful, lots of bright colors and interesting environments/enemies.The mechanics and controls are great, so far i have no complaints. If you like fps games with funny characters you should defintely get it.There is emphasis on online coop or pvp multiplayer, but I played for several hours solo and it was great.There are a ton of characters to choose from which all seem to have different play styles and strategies.Super fun and addicting 10/10"
76561197990204206,Recommended,394230,22775482,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BeeRye,"Imagine Borderlands, with more creative ability-based combat in a pseudo-moba (mostly) dedicated PvP setting. Yeah. Also there's a co-op story with 8 missions + prologue that can each last up to an hour on challenge mode. And there's loot you can bring into PvP with you.You can tell Gearbox really dumped their hearts and souls into making this new IP, Borderlands humour and all, and I think they deserve to be appreciated for that. It's a shame this game will be dismissed by so many because of Overwatch, a game whose gameplay may be slightly more polished, but pales in comparison in terms of complexity and mechanical depth.Solid game. Recommended."
76561198027941552,Recommended,394230,23351891,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,CrowShark,"Here's the gist of my first impression :The game resembles Borderlands, in it's artwork(graphics) style and humour!THE CHARACTERS SWEAR !!! (They are bleeped, but still hilarious)Good first person FPS/MOBA style game with various modes, including story mode(all modes are co-op).Great game for casual and competitive gamers of this genre( however people will b*tch and moan about competitive play, that's just cause they suck).All in all, I am satisfied by this game. The story mode isn't very long(a little under 10 missions), though I think they are planning on adding missions for that. Definitely worth getting the season pass if you're going to play more than 5 hours a week, but that's just me."
,Recommended,394230,23553740,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Retro36,"With some time (and still building) spent BattleBorn I think I'm ready to write a review for this game.It's different, and is packed full of the 2K humour we've come to love, and although there are some negatives of this game (like all games) it is outbalanced by a lot of positives and things to love.This review is split into:Things to love.Things to not loveright now.Things to not love.Things to love:The indepth character lore, and backstory.'Crazy' and new characters that you would not expect, like a humanoid mushroom.Story is both competitive solo but also in coop, adds a new dimension for team-missions.Characters are well balanced with new 'mutations' through the helix available to the player every new level, adds a more interesting game play, as every game can be different.Gear system is both rewarding and enjoyable, as you can earn things both through PvE and PvP.The gamemodes and maps are lovable, I myself played Meltdown for a lot of my play-time, and have now discovered incursion and love it just as much, so there's a very high-quality bar set.The qwerky nature of the game, the art-style, and the music is just all fantastic and it all comes together fabulously.The community, not yet have I found someone who is rude or vulgar, everyone is generally well-spoken and nice.- There's obviously a lot more to love, but there's just not enough space to put it.Things to not loveright now:These are some points that the game doesn't quite have yet, although is clearly working on it.The biggest thing to not love 'right now', is the player count. The game does cost a lot of money, that's clear to see, and as a result there's usually a low player count playing the game when not in peak-time.This is a big problem because you can end up waiting for PvP matches for a long time,howeverI think this will gradually improve over time, as the price decreases and even the potential F2P becomes a reality.Some characters are still slightly overpowered when on their own, however the game is constantly being updated and balances are being made all the time.Things to not loveThe price-tag, it's a big pill to swallow. However I purchased the game for full retail-price along with the season-pass and I've not regretted it yet at all. I think it's definitely an investment but I see the potential for BattleBorn.*Personally* I don't enjoy the fact you cannot see enemey team hero-choices before the match starts, however this does add a unique feel for the game, because you need to think a lot of, ""Well What if..."", makes the game more strategic.The lack of a global-chat in PvP, however this could be seen as good as there's less ""♥♥♥♥♥ing"" between teams.Of course this is a review with a lot of personal-opinions so I do apologise if you do not agree with some (all) points said in this review.Finally, overall.I see BattleBorn as an 'investment', while I absolutely love all of the characters, their backstories, their gameplay, and more, it's a very real reality that the game is underplayed and as a result waiting times can be elongated into potentially tens of minutes, however the 'investment' comes into play because we're able to play the game right now, and I believe over time it will gain it's player-base and become more popular, and I'm hopping on the BattleBorn train for that time."
76561198152900854,Recommended,394230,32207108,Posted: 5 June,all,chug life,"tbh one of the best games ive tried but the community is completely dead,i think the game would be huge if it was a f2p"
,Recommended,394230,32207819,Posted: 5 June,all,Aivri,"This game had the misfortune of being released in a similar timeframe like Overwatch. A lot of people fall prey to the misconception, that it's the same as OW, mainly due to it being a hero shooter. That's the only explicitly similar thing to OW.I have thoroughly enjoyed the story mode, which manages to capture some of the trademark Borderlands 2 humor. The PVP mode is a bit lacking curretly, as one can wait a long time to be matched with the remainder of the team."
,Recommended,394230,23981865,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Deferion,"honestly this game only has two problems, matchmaking and microtransaction, but i for one don't care if a game has microtransactions for PURELY COSMETIC ITEMS which is what this game has, and the matchmaking can only be improved with more people playing the game, but that wont happen so long as people ignore this game and continue buying overwatch the unbalanced mess that it is, you probably wont enjoy yourself if its just you playing the game, but if you have friends to play with it becomes much easier to find matches.in short, people compare this to overwatch and complain about microtransacions, the game is pretty good aside."
,Recommended,394230,22922355,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,I have the zucc,"Such a shame Battleborn is misinterpreted as Overwatch's younger brother. It's a continuation of Gearbox's trademark humour, but in an FPS MOBA style. Without the mass advertising that Blizzard can afford to pump into their IPs, I fear this gem will be forgotten"
76561198037784636,Not Recommended,394230,30565340,Posted: 17 March,all,Paladin,"had potential didn't go much of anywhere the hype died really quick, maybe buy it when its on sale just for story missions or something thats what most of my playtime was"
,Not Recommended,394230,29178866,Posted: 11 January,all,DFBlades,"I'd say this game was good, except that the community doesn't exist.I was one of the original 12,000 players at launch, so let me tell you my story.Have you ever held a child in your hands. You only got to know the kid for a few weeks, but somehow he grew on you. As time went on you began to see the little twerb as a son. There were times the kid frustrated you, but generally he sparked your life. After those few weeks he suddenly broke into fever. Only a few days to live says the doctor. You hold this child near as the kid release his last breath. You struggle to hold back your tears, you find a new kid to love called Overwatch, but it's not the same... This new kid will never make you as proud as the one you had to bury."
,Not Recommended,394230,23594947,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dr Fizzy Pops,Pros*Art*Gameplay*Character RosterCons*Lack of players*Horrible matchmaking*Lack of content
76561197987815992,Recommended,394230,22823059,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Aeekto,"You ever thought...""Why the hell do all the moba-like games take themselves so serious?"",""Why can´t there be some humor like.... borderlands for example?"",""Why is there no dungeoncrawler-like PvE with all the awesome different characters we have in this moba-like game?""""Why are all my heroes damn mutes and actually don´t feel alive and talk on their own for example?""?Here is the answer on all of that:BATTLEBORN!It´s fun, addictive, cool different characters with their own backgroundstory and bevavior (even midgame by cool talks if they died, did something awesome, killed someone or just spotted an enemy... they call them even out.... seriously, they feel so damn alive)."
76561197996378078,Recommended,394230,22964941,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Sushi Ork,"This is a great game with a great sense of humor! All the characters feel unique and the company behind it already has balance changes, new heroes, new maps, and DLC's all planned for the future which I personally can't wait for. Fast paced action that sucks you in with memorable characters often make you unaware of the time you've spent playing each mission."
76561197981237730,Recommended,394230,22828205,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Demon,Excellent game. Give it a shot!
,Recommended,394230,23866280,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DAKKA DAKKA DESU~,"i really like this gamei really, really like this gamesadly, not a lot of other people do.battleborn, made by gearbox, randy pitchford, alienmarines duke nukem blah blah blahpros:high skill ceiling=lots of replayabilityseveral (decently original) gamemodes, two of which are pretty good and one of which is simply okplayer base is generally nontoxicthe characters (for the most part) are interesting, engaging, funny (again, for the most part), well written (araaaaaachniiiiiis), and fun to play with and against (except benedumb. benedumb needs to be removed, caldy is the only king of the skies)cons:small, SMALL player base (guess why)blizzard choked them out intentionally, despite the games being completely seperate and differentweird performance issuessome very hit or miss dialogue (mellka, looking at you)they added microtransactions for purely cosmetic items, a month or so after the games launch. kinda gross.neutral:unlocking characters and gear stuff can be a grind, although all but a handfull are very easy challenges (i.e. play 5 games as x faction)"
,Recommended,394230,23940489,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SgtPistol,"Great game, tons of fun.  The main point of the negative reviews appears to be regarding matchmaking times, which are scheduled to be fixed the day after this is posted.  Seriously, give the game a try."
76561198052228911,Recommended,394230,22952404,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,MM74,"Thumbs up for this game.I play PvE only and a lot of people say this is a PvP Multiplayer game with some underwhelming PvE and solo-play elements.I personally disagree, but it depends on your playstyle I guess. I can only play 1-2h per day and usually I play 1-2 maps. I do not need a big story and the solo gameplay is fine for me. Always something that keeps me engaged to replay the maps...go for silver/gold, unlock heroes, grind some loot and experience, etc.. Some may find that shallow, I find it satisfying and engaging enough.Multiplayer PvE is great, no problems so far with random groups. Playing with friends is a blast of course!I only have a medicore system and game runs smooth on high settings.Pros:- Heroes offer a vast variety of playstyles: Sniper, Tank, Melee, Hybrid...you name it they have it- You need to adapt your playstyle for each hero- satisfiyng grind for loot, lvl-ups, rewrds, unlocks, ratings, etc.- easy to play and get into, but challenging on higher difficulty/hardcore- good gunplay and shooter mechanics- solo play und multiplayer PvE is fun to play (for me)Cons:- some escort missions can be stressful/tricky on the first attempts- 8 Maps only for PvE so far (more to come, but DLC policy)- pay for DLC´sVerdict:Is it worth the price? For me yes, because I get enough out of it (and thats solo and PvE only). But I can also see some flaws and it is far from perfect, but really great fun to play so far. If you are unsure wait for a discount, if you also like to play PvP then go for it, obviously most people think it shines even more on that side.I do despise the pay-for-DLC-policy, but I will wait to judge on that until they show up and then try to get them on a good discount."
,Recommended,394230,22934769,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Courtney,"Battleborn is one of the coolest games I've played. I love Gearbox and everything that they've made (Borderlands, Borderlands 2, and Borderlands the Pre-Sequel). I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to have some fast-paced PVP/PVE with the Borderlands humor, or enjoy some hilarious story-mode with the missions.Great job Gearbox and making a game that feels like it belongs in the Borderlands world. It'll keep me busy until Borderlands 3 comes out."
76561198257697597,Not Recommended,394230,30602367,Posted: 18 March,all,Doctor Ury,"I wasn't expecting a lot from this game, but it was on sale so I thought I might as well try it out, but it was a mistake. It is boring, like somone tried to mix borderlands with overwatch, then♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. The story mode is bad and repetitive, and the characters aren't that different from each other. The fighting mechanique is simple and slow, 1 mission by yourself could take 1 hour, and it is without save points. If you don't buy the deluxe edition, then you have to grind and unlock the heroes you want.If you're thinking about perchasing this game, don't. Buy borderlands instead; it's got better jokes, storylines and side missions."
,Recommended,394230,22874760,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Angry Gerbil,"Great game, Terrible community.I see way too many players come in and treat this game like its your average FPS and not a moba. They just run in and die and not even try to retreat to base to heal not realizing its feeding the other team... Also they seem to completely ignore crystals and and minions all together.If your looking in to this game PLEASE do your homework on how MOBA's work if you do not know already.Story mode is pretty fun and challenging. Good fun in a group especially.Overall its good but the community really REALLY needs to develop, which im sure it will in time."
76561198036251286,Recommended,394230,23339978,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Tangible Raptor,I love this game! I can't reccomend it enough
,Recommended,394230,23869760,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Melon King,"I know a lot of people won't see this or won't care, but I have to much time on my hands. This game...man, what can I say that hasn't been said already. My opinion on this game is that it has a lot of potential. For me, the game is still in beta(I know it's not, but let me live in my fantasy damn it). I want/need more stuff to be added if I'm ever going to stick with the game. But I feel like we are good with characters, I absolutely love them. Besides all that, I never cared about the multiplayer orginaly, but Gearbox only gave about 5 or 6 story missions, and this is coming the people who made one of the best stories ever with the Borderlands series. And now that I only have the multiplayer, I can only describe the multiplayer as...well...too simple. I want more maps, more gamemodes, and more effort.If I could describe Battleborn in one sentence it would be this : It's hard to love, but it's way harder to hate."
76561198073608159,Recommended,394230,24025032,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Twanger,"I don't know what everyone is on about, but this game is awesome. It's got balanced but fun characters, a story which is a little short but still pretty good, an online multiplayer (that is way more than 1k people) that has a friendly community and a competitive aspect. You should definitely play this game."
76561198066029966,Recommended,394230,22788316,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MojoGarrett,"Absolutely fantastic!11/10I personally havent had any fps issues.. or any issues of any kind really.Very fun and enjoyable, community seems good so far too.Oh and the narration of this game is really witty and funny just like boarderlands!"
,Recommended,394230,28520263,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DR.CEREAL,- Gamers that own Overwatch and have not played this or owned this at all should cut off the crap and play this. Overwatch is way behind this AWESOME title and it's very sad that many players like throwing negative reviews without not even knowing about this game at all. You will not regret getting this game to your library! 300% recommended this!
,Recommended,394230,30343171,Posted: 5 March,all,Secular_Gamer,I love Battleborn! 10/10 <3
76561198153025196,Recommended,394230,22913340,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ShadowCraft,Fun to play. Campaign missions are long.Asian servers seem to be deserted.Matchmaking is a pain.  :/
,Recommended,394230,22782121,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Hbools,Battleborn has depth both in co-op and PVP. I'm very impressed and have been loving it so far.
76561198080015272,Recommended,394230,23284081,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mortanica,"This game got an incredible potential. It's such a shame that lots of people disliked this game without playing, and some others who chose Overwatch doesn't even have a clue that this exists.(This is a serious issue and is killing Battleborn's playerbase.) Give this game a chance, it deserves the very best and you'll like it."
,Not Recommended,394230,23026478,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,hotmomjugs,"Very little contentmatch makeing is brokencharacters are unbalanced and some chars you will never get played in a pvp matchpve only has 8 levelsthe game has many good things but right now it isnt worth 60$the game will probably become free with in game purchases, wait for this game to become free before playing it"
,Recommended,394230,22844420,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,D4,"Finally started to patch out the game.The game itself is pretty good:Solid gameplay (Has an arcady/fast paced feel to it)Colourful stylish graphicsBadass animationsGreat voice actors (Though feels like they over-doing it at times)Great humour (Very gearbox-ish)A full campaign: Solo and/or co-op (up to 5 players)PvP 5 v 5 Moba, Goes into 3 game modes: Capture point, Meltdown (Minion escort to enemy tower) and Incursion (Attack and defend bases)Lot of unique and different characters with their own personalities and abilitiesLoot system that enhances different stats (some can give downsides and/or higher cost)Not pay to win (Nothing to buy with real money so you only have to play to get everything)There are some issues though.Story/campaign!While this game has campaign, it just doesn't feel important, infact, feels tacked on.I expected better story telling from gearbox but about half feels like filler.There are many sections where you have to protect or escort stuff.Difficulty spikes at the end.It's good to try out heroes though or if you're into ""score attack"".Loot!While there is lot of loot with random stats...it's not really interesting, bunch of ""stickers"" that give stat boosts.It's online only!Yeah, even for campaign...nothing you can do about it.Music!It has it's moments...but very forgettable.PvP!Announcer sometimes say who is summoned or base is being attacked etc., you can still be rather clueless if you won't look at the map non-stop. Also, there is lack of feedback when anyone dies (it's displayed on top of screen but it's not really noticable).Constantly farming crystals can be tedious.Character balance issue: Galilea, Miko as an example.There is a lenghty wait time in the lobby to play with other people, sometimes server can just not respond and put you into infinite voting cycle, as well as after end of match you just finished...doesn't count that match at all (very rarely happens).(fixed)Few maps can really hurt FPS.(fixed)Game Itself is a good time, not much else to say."
76561198157203294,Recommended,394230,23029430,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,PheonixRYSE,"I can shoot stuff with guns 10/10   can double jump as a vampire thats not a vampire? life is good, mushrooms that throw knives? yup. a F***ING hawk with a rocket launcher. H*LL yea. all this game needs now is matchmaking for PVE and to let me ban marquis in incursion"
,Not Recommended,394230,22971085,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,nyfienyne,"I really wanted to love this game but I can't. The matchmaking is ridiculously unbalanced. I'm also one of the players who is experiencing heavy rubber-banding. I have a superior computer with top of the line hardware in every department, amazing internet connection, and up to date drivers. However, even with optimization and low graphical settings I still get the game killing rubber-banding, teleporting me all over the map constantly."
76561198022022582,Not Recommended,394230,22959850,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,algo232,"at the time being, absolutly now balance in the matchmaking, winning is pure luck, no skill."
76561197963664525,Not Recommended,394230,23389363,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Terkala,"It's like Team Fortress. Except not well balanced.It's like a MOBA, except there is no competitive scene.It has co-op, that exclusively gives you items for PvP.It has PvP, that gives you none of the items required to be good in PvP.It's really just a failure on pretty much every aspect of game design."
,Not Recommended,394230,22961359,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,OlaOlaOla,"It's probably a great game for you if you love first person shooter MOBAs. If you're MOBA-curious, this game is not gonna make you fall in love with the genre.Pros:+It's beautiful. Especially the characters are stunning. They all have fantastic details, great personalities and charming banter. It's like a comedy version of Borderlands, with loony AIs, gentleman robots and space elves.+The co-op campaign is rather fun (if short).+The intro video and cut scenes are cartoonish and great fun to watch.Cons:-It's a game about 1) PVP - using your three abilities to punish the opposing players in three game modes 2) PvE - Using your three abilities to beat a rather easy coop campaign with.. six stages? Five? You can complete them all in 3 hours and from then on it's just repetition.-Matchmaking is random. Utterly random. You can end up with five lvl 2 teammates trying to kill all lvl30+ opponents. It's oh so random. Oh, and if someone decides to flee your lowbie team before the match starts, then, well, that's YOUR problem.-This might be just me, but I sort of resent the fact that the single player campaign has NOTHING to do with the PvP. The single player campaign is campy but fun story about freeing heroes and saving the last remnants of the universe. And then you... start killing those heroes you just saved in a really weird arena setting where you have to hold flags or sacrifice robots? It's as if you played through the first chapter of Borderlands and then suddely the game turned into an arena shooter.Nah, I call humbug. If you KNOW that're going to love this game, then you probably already own it (and love it). If you find yourself sitting on the fence, just remain there. Don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,394230,22993370,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Illius,"Look, full disclosure. I'm ""Not Recommending"" the game NOT because it's not fun. I enjoy it. It's fun, especially when you play with friends. I'm ""Not Recommending"" it because there are way too many glaring issues that make the price simply ridiculous. Alright? On with the review.Battleborn is a Hero Shooter where you pick one of many characters, each with their own role to the team. There are various forms to play (which I'll go over each indivdually soon):PvP:-Meltdown; where you escort minions to the enemy base, trying to score more points before your opponent to reach a goal or have more points at time out.-Incursion: you push into enemy territory to destroy their Sentry Robots.-Capture Zones: Multiple capture areas appear, and you must control them to gain points, and first team to reach enough points wins.In total at time of writing there are 2 maps for each mode.And then there's PvE Campaign, with multiple chapters going across the story.In terms of raw gameplay, it plays decently well. Each character has their role, and they do it well. I personally wouldn't mind at least 1 more healer support (out of the supports in the game, only 1 is reliable at healing, others seem to be simply outshined by this 1), but other than some clunky kits character kits generally just make sense.However that's raw gameplay. Actual interactions with the game is different.First I'll go over the PvP:-For me, Meltdown is the only game-mode that plays well (and even then, one map feels as though it has a weird layout, but that may be just me). You have an advantage on your end of the map and need to take the risk to shove in, while maintaining general map control. It plays well and has a nice objective form, allowing every hero to shine at some point in the map.-Incursion feels like it promotes snowballing way too much. You get 2 Sentry Robots, but I find that unless you kill the opponents within a short time frame of your own dying, if you lose your outer robot, you lose all map control. This is due to a few reasons: First you lose the easy access to money and buildings. Two, you can buy out opponent buildings in their base (a non-existant issue in Meltdown), meaning that you get even more map control. Three: You get a massive height advantage which anybody who's played hero shooters before will tell you is crippling. Four: Destroying a Sentry Unit spawns stronger minions, making your push even harder, despite having to go farther. Despite the fact you are at your own base you have almost every disadvantage possible if you lose your Sentry, including you can't even take your own personal objectives (Such as mercenary camps) simply because they destroyed your first unit. Overall it feels like while it had promise there are too many issues that it makes one push a game decider even though you don't have to push far.-Capture Zones just doesn't seem to fit well into the game for me. Given that most characters are offense or hold oriented (even if they are supporting, they support the above two), it feels weird having to DEFEND and objective instead of counter pushing, in a game like this.Now for campaign. To me it's simply a mess. The first chapter is interesting, but after that it starts getting repetitive. Out of the 8 chapters, 2 are escort missions (Because those are fun, right?) and 3 are Defense Missions (you gotta hold an area). Bosses tend to drag out a LOT, and you get a scoring system (which is needed to unlock characters, unless you wanna grind levels out to get a full roster...) that doesn't seem reliable. I could do it flawlessly and get a worse score than screwing up multiple ways for ""reasons"".In terms of a story, it's simply boring to me. The basic story is ""Rendain has drug many stars into a void, and is going for the last one that everybody is at"", which is interesting, but after that you have ""We have built a machine, defend it"" ""We gotta save a prisoner"" ""Get this robot to the portal""... it's bland. Which is sad because they proved they had a potential for great story through the lore (which is a delight to read, let me say). The dialogue is pretty golden in the campaign, but while I get a good laugh, I find that I just... am not interested in the story which is bad for a story driven mode.In terms of music... I can't remember even the title theme. It's suiting, not memorable music through the game.The Gear System needs a special mention. You get gear by playing, and you can use the in-round currency to buy it to buff yourself for the rest of the round. The only problem is... you get no guarantees on what gear you can get. This means for optimal loadouts you are relying not on skill, or knowledge but rather luck. You should never have to rely on luck in a competitive game to be able to do as well as you can.In terms of graphics, don't let the minimum requirements fool you. So many maps can and WILL cause visual lag on even pretty high end computers. It is poorly optimized, and it doesn't help when there is a large amount of visual noise making it hard to see what you are attempting to shoot at. Even a simple grenade can cause a massive fire-ball followed by a plume of smoke, and that can lose enemies more often than should.That all said, the game itself has a very nice art style overall and it's a pleasure too look at outside of fire-fights.Matchmaking is also weird. You don't exactly ""Choose"" what maps you want to play. Rather you choose a game-mode (Including Campaign), and join with people who then vote to decide which map they want to play. While not inherently a bad thing, it does NOT work in Campaign, since excluding the final chapter you are both relying on luck to show a campaign you wish to do, and then that everybody wants to do that same campaign as well.In terms of humor this game has quirky humor, but it almost always gets a chuckle out of me. They even thought of stuff such as attempting to access certain things before you are supposed to, which is pretty clever.SummaryA very fun game with a thouroughly enjoyable roster of characters who each have their own charm, It has some pretty quirky and entertaining humor as well. However Battleborn has a lot of issues to cause the price to be a major detriment. Most game-modes are poorly designed overall, and the campaign feels more like a chore to play. There is poor visual optimization, and the music is forgetable at best. I'd recommend it at anything but full price. There are too many problems that this game is not worth it at current price."
76561198353543846,Recommended,394230,28665337,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ConkurIV,"A great game with good character design and game mechanics, but it got drowned out by the Overwatch hype and not enough active players to keep it going.I've heard there's only about a hundred players left so finding matches is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ If this had come out a few months after its original release date and the game designers hadn't rushed it, then maybe this would have had a chance of being succesful."
,Not Recommended,394230,23246338,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Nrask,honestly the game is super fun and I love the mechanics of it. the reason I can't recommend it is because of the FPS drops and performance issues. I play games a lot more demanding than this one so there's no reason this game should be performing so badly.
,Recommended,394230,22880990,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dipper Pines,"For the price (I pre-Ordered the Digital Deluxe edition) I find BattleBorn completely worth it (Although my FPS was trash, I found a few fixes which I will address later) The humor, gameplay and replayability with the gear and XP leveling is completely up my alley. I love the colours and the astonishing beauty of this game (Even on low, lol) I would definitely reccomend this game.FOR THOSE OF YOU WITH BAD/TERRIBLE FPSI would reccomend changing your PoplarEngine.ini file (Documents\My Games\Battleborn\PoplarGame\Config) with these edits:MaxParticleResize=100bSmoothFrameRate=FALSEDynamicLights=TrueDynamicShadows=FalseLightEnvironmentShadows=FalseMotionBlur=FalseDepthOfField=FalseAmbientOcclusion=FalsebAllowLightShafts=FalseDistortion=FalseFilteredDistortion=FalseDropParticleDistortion=FalseLensFlares=FalseFogVolumes=FalseAllowRadialBlur=FalseParticleLODBias=0DetailMode=0MaxAnisotropy=16FXAA=FalseLowering your view distance also helps.And those of you with AMD cards, change your PhysX to medium(I got much better FPS when I did with my AMD card) as this will make it pull from your graphics card and not your processor as is what happens when you set it to low. Also setting anisotropic filtering to 16x and not 0 got me better performance. Not saying this will work for you, but it did for me. Happy Playing! (btw Screw Galilea rn)"
76561197982904096,Not Recommended,394230,22908104,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Huol,"This game is fun in PvE and completely broken in PvP.* The PvP balance is horrendous between characters and the matchmaking system does not work (level 2-10 teams versus level 30-40 much ?).* If your Steam connexion die, you get booted from your game* Not much maps to start with :/I shouldn't have bought this game...Sad :-("
76561198145307472,Recommended,394230,23015450,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Megidolaon,"I really love this game, the characters, and just the feel of the game in general.On that note though there are some problems (coughs) matchmaking (coughs).Also, this is no where close to overwatch and don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.8/10"
,Recommended,394230,22855120,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Broseph Stalin,"It is a fun game, kinda a borderlands team fortress mix"
,Not Recommended,394230,23234171,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Shady,"The queue times are 45 min plus, then when you do get a game you are paired against level 100 players and lose in 5 mins. Most of the characters are locked so those players at 100 are using characters that aren't even available to you.That being said the main campain was fun, all the characters that i played have great personality and well voice acted.But for god sakes can i not wait an hour just to get obliterated by high skill players."
,Not Recommended,394230,22874420,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pablow Dickasso,"5/10This will sound too harsh, but I would probably return this game if I could. The mechanics are interesting and they have combined a lot of awesome aspects from the genre to give it a good structure, collectable items, free skins, etc. Given time I'm sure it will become more polished and expand but as it stands, wait. I am terrible at this game to be fair, but match making is flat out terrible. level 20+ teams should not be fighting against people who are sub level 10. I want to like this game, I am trying. The storymode, which consists of 8-9 different 30min missions, is fun enough when you are in a full group.. But then again, you can drop with no penalty and start up a different game.Overall gameplay is pretty much chaos though. If you're great at knocking off crits and kiting, you'll be heavily rewarded. If not, you're terrible and deserve to go 0-10 because you screwed up early in the match and died trying to finish off the ranged with 10 hp and you're a stoopid melee and now you're level 3 while the other team has 2 level 7s who run a train on your whole team. Don't know how the XP works, but it's not my friend.(Also, the dialogue is funny-ish. If you were expecting borderlands-esque humor, it's there... everyone is Jack and each line attempts to be a one liner.)"
76561198018382606,Not Recommended,394230,23305314,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Negronomikon,"As a big ""former"" Gearbox fan, this game was a huge dissapointment to me.First of all,there's little to do.8 boring solo/co-op missions with no real plot.Just some Tower Defence maps with a bit of running.Bosses are boring and it was a torment to actually beat those 8 levels.And I really hoped for new missions after I finished the last one, but no...Then, I turned my attention to multiplayer, I cared the least about.3 modes, 2 maps on each and only 1 of 6 is actually interesting and playable.Opening new characters in a 60$ game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but not AS frustrating as a fact that most of them are either can't do s**t or boring as f**k.So you gain progress only to realise that it's better to be stuck with earlier characters.Lot's of bugs,FPS drops on a way-better-than-average PC.And the most fatal flaw in my opinion is that this game tries to be every genre at once,while failing at every single one.Want a good TD,then buy Orcs must die or Dungeon defenders.Want a good MOBA - DotA,HoN,LoL or HotSWant a good coop - Borderlands.Want a good Battleborn -OverwatchP.S Thanks for -40% after 3 weeks from release,guys.I guess you guys really care about all those who pre-ordered your piece-o-junk game.Keep up the good work.After such a throw, I'm not buying any Gearbox game,even if it's gonna be Borderlands 3."
76561197993912406,Not Recommended,394230,23090285,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,pdub,"Not worth $60. Level design feels like it was made for an isometric; the scaling just feels off for a FPS perspective. Campaign can only be played progressively in a private match, which means solo if you have no one to play with. Public campaign play is only a single selected map, from a choice of 3 of the 8 total 'campaign' maps. There's no real story or arc just reasons to have waves of enemies and boss fights, but the short animation was a fun touch. The balanced matches in PvP are too few and playing in an unbalanced match is just frustrating. Characters are locked behind a progression wall, like in a F2P game. No ultrawide monitor support - the game plays OK but menus are baked at 1920x1080. There are moments of fun, especially with the right group. Sadly, in pick-up games you can't progress with the same people to next levels.It's just awkward and uncohesive; I'd get a refund if I could and wait until it was $15. There's a good game there, its just lacking a lot of polish."
,Recommended,394230,22858617,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DivineCondor,"Battleborn, a FPS-MOBA by Gearbox, the makers of the Borderlands Series. Thereby it presents you with the same fun humor we came to love from Borderlands.The Game has so far been an amazing experience. I've bought the €64.99 Digital Deluxe (Game+Season Pass) editionand it was definitely worth my money.The game is set in a universe that slowly gets swallowed by ""The Void"", an unknown force which is not really explained. With only one star remaining 5 faction gather around this star to fight of the Void.But, one of these factions, The Jennerit, sides with the Void to secure their own survival. This faction will be our main enemy troughout the campaign.That said, the game comes with a story mode and multiplayer.Let's begin with the story mode. Of course we should not expect some Telltale story telling, neither should you expect a linear story. The missions are all separate, independent missions accompagnied by some back story.You could better describe it as a dungeon raid from MMO's, where you enter as a party of five (or less), complete some objectives and fight a final boss.In my opinion this was the best way to go, as it makes it much more fun to replay the missions and try them on another difficulty level. And I suggest you replay them, because just like in dungeons in MMO's they drop loot, which can be used in the multiplayer. They also give you credits, an ingame currency (don't worry, there is no cash shop), and you can  complete challenges to unlock more Battleborn.My overall score for Story Mode: 7.5/10That brings us to multiplayer, the real selling point of the game.Currently (08-05-2016, DD-MM-YYYY) there a 3 game modes in the game (not including multiplayer story mode): Incursion, Capture and Meltdown (you can read what they are in the game's description).Each mode has currently 2 different maps to chose from. I wish there where more maps, but I expect some to come out as dlc and included in the season pass.There are also 25 characters to chose from (and 5 more announced). Most of them are locked via challenges, unlock them with relative ease.As for the gameplay, I greatly enjoy it. The Characters are very well done, all very unique with really satisfying skills. When you start a match, your character starts at level 1. Throughout the match you level him to level 10 and each level you can choose an extra passive skill. When you play a character you also level it outside of the match, you go can up to level 15 and it unlocks skins, taunts and up to 5 extra passive skills you can choose from during a match. (It may seem it will give other players a benefit, but in the end you can only have up to 10 passive active skills and they don't have that much of an impact.)The game also has a loadout system. It allows creating a loadout with 3 pieces of gear (collected through missions, or bought by credits), these gear pieces give little bonuses like movement speed, crit, healing etc. in story missions and multiplayer matches. Again it may seem like it will give people with better gear a benefit, but again, they don't have much impact. On top of that, during a match you need to buy your gear pieces with shards (something like gold in Dota) and of course the best pieces of gear cost the most.So overall the multiplayer is amazing. There is only one problem, some battleborn (only 2) are a little unbalancedand are significant stronger than other, I expect it will be fixed in the upcoming patch, but it still is a error thatshould not have been made.My overall score for Multiplayer: 8.5/10I really recommend this game, and suggest if you pick it up, to get the season pass as well in order the benefit from all the dlc's."
76561198045703375,Not Recommended,394230,23090785,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Speederclaw,"Multiplayer is a disaster, missions turn into grindfests and lore challenges are a joke."
76561198269459693,Not Recommended,394230,23101232,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ryan,"Battleborn, while offering brief glimpses of entertainment, is generally a flop of a game.I wish I could get a refund on the $60 I spent on it for myself and the other copy I purchased for a friend.It's not an intrinsically bad game, but the fatal mistake Battleborn continually makes is that it tries to be good at too many things at once. Rather than focusing on PVP or a solid PVE-Campaign, Battleborn attempts to be good at both, but fails to do so with either.The PVP is grossly unbalanced, as many of the other reviews have pointed out. Some classes are wildly more powerful than others. As of the latest patch, a ""tank"" class (Isic) is capable of doing more damage than most of the actual damage classes. Other characters can run up to you and kill you before you're even capable of responding in an effective manner.I've found the PVE campaign to be a boring grindfest of the same types of mobs over and over. There are maybe 5 or 6 actual enemy NPC's you will fight throughout the entire game. Really pathetic.This game is certainly not worth the $60.00 price tag. It feels like an Early Access game. The patch roll-outs seem really slow, and I'm not really sure as to whether or not Gearbox cares about what players are saying or not. Although some attempts to balance classes seem to have been made, the pace with which these updates are being applied is dismal.Overall, I cannot recommend Battleborn in its current state. If you're looking for a solid class-based multiplayer shooter, go with Overwatch or Team Fortress 2. If you're looking for a third / first person MOBA, go with Smite. Battleborn attempts to blend both genres but fails to do it. Spend your money elsewhere."
76561198018505090,Not Recommended,394230,23248403,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,KiLLeR,Game doesnt offer balanced match making every game is noobs vs veterans its boring.
76561198131522848,Not Recommended,394230,23074919,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,duffexport,"It pains me to give this game a thumbs down, since the basic mechanics of the game are very good. But its flaws just utterly hinder any enjoyment you can get from this game.Let's start with what the game does well. You have 25 characters which all have their unique twist and don't just feel like a reskin of the same 3-4 characters. You have melee, sniper, support, healer, skirmisher, flying characters, high DPS, defenders, tanks and all kinds of in between characters to this.  Discovering all the different characters is quite a lot of fun, The PvP, when well matched, is one of the most entertaining ones I have seen due to the wide variety of characters. There's also the voice acting. Hey it's Gearbox, you expect great voice acting, you get awesome voice acting. Hearing a german aristocrat say ""I declare war on all liberal arts major"" is just awesome.Now for what the game does not so well. The PvE, while pretty fun, is just 8 maps of defend the checkpoint against the same 3-4 enemies. It's miles off from what Borderlands was. I personally don't think this is much of an issue, because it's still quite amusing to kill hordes of enemies and it's a great way to discover how a character play mechanics work. However, some people, understandably, find this off-putting especially for a Gearbox release.Finally for the major flaws of the game. This is what, sadly, destroys all the work the developers put into character building: the matchmaking. It has 3 major issues.1. The algorithm is god awful. You get matched in with ANYONE. This means level 8 gets matched with level 76. I know level doesn't directly affect your character, but come on, some who player 300+ hours matched against someone who just bought the game is extremely unfair. I played over 30 hours and more than 80% of the time I'm getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by people who have been playing the game since the alpha.2. The lack of player population. Well this is in part due to the first point. It's also been extremely poorly marketed. I bought the game at launch and after 1 week the waiting time is around 10 minutes during peak play time and 15-30 minutes in off time.3. If someone disconects duing matchmaking; tough luck you know play 4 v 5. And if you rage quit, well ♥♥♥♥ you got to wait 30 minutes as a godam penalty now. If you want to stop getting analy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game you need to covince 3 out of the 5 players to surrender and let me tell, some people would rather give up their first born than surrender a game where you are 200 points behind.So when you buy the game, here's what you have to look up to: spend 20 minutes waiting for a game where you will be matched against some one who has already invested 200 hours in this. After a good 10 minutes of getting your faced bashed like there is no tomorrow, you will ask for surrender just to get hit by a wall of ""Just learn how to play"". You will think, this was only one bad experience so you will try again. After sinking 20-30 hours into this game, you will realize you spent more time waiting to play or respawn then actually playing the game and just give up.Thing is, the base game is awesome. It's just not ready to be played. I feel like Gearbox just released as fast as possible to try to beat Overwatch. However, by doing so, they actually killed the game. I highly doubt there will be anyone left playing this game after Overwatch comes out."
,Recommended,394230,30711927,Posted: 24 March,all,Ryu_BL2,"its a fun game. cool boss fights, multiplayer and so on... the bad part is that there is nobody who plays this game and the operations cost too much...What i mean is that we need to support this game and maybe they are going to make better updates and more characters."
76561198058938853,Recommended,394230,24668987,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,KingOfAcesX,very very very poor release date choice  caused this game to die on release.its a great game.  its just too many people compared it to overwatch when its nothing like it. blame youtubers.very charming with alot of replayablity in  changing up your playstyle and unlocking new skills and charactersmaybe we'll see it make a come back.
,Recommended,394230,24644475,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dinosour49,"This game is good, but it has its issues like every other game. The characters are pretty cool and funny, give it time and I'm sure this game will be much better then its current state when its all patched up."
76561198045815632,Recommended,394230,24678107,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Rabid Chinchilla,Battleborn is extremely fun to play with a good comedic story and lots of fun ways to play with each character. With the influx of news players the matchmaking isn't so slow but the matching making is a tad unbalanced but it makes for interesting games and pushes you to improve.For maximum enjoyment grab a friend and play to your hearts content.
76561198097283510,Recommended,394230,28924545,Posted: 1 January,all,Jungle Oracle Main,"Pros: Amazing Gameplay. Decent campaign content. Strong character roster (which can all be unlocked through gameplay). Skin and equipment drops pretty much every mission. unique skills that look nice. Voice acting and character quality is on par or exceeds borderlands and is in the same vein of humor.Cons: Competing with overwatch. Repetitive defend missions. Some of the grind objectives are just agonizingly difficult/long. Community is very small making some queue times unplayable. Hitboxes for the characters can be wonky causing shots to miss and characters to stick against certain in world objects.Verdict: Buy it on sale, a larger community would make this game shine. Otherwise avoid just because its not worth the hefty pricetag with the community in the shape it is. I hope they go free to play to save this gem."
76561198122346578,Recommended,394230,28842165,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gundoggu,this game is great but the multiplayer is just frustrating to do.
,Recommended,394230,22795561,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jam,I like it.
,Recommended,394230,23771139,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Howard Jones,"I am both excited and sad to see this game go into a free to play model. Even with its few gameplay flaws it is still a great game. The thing that hurt this game the most is that it was a follow up to borderlands 2. The comments here really prove this point. Most people found their way here because of that love for gearbox and the borderlands franchise. But that same love has turned toxic. Battleborn is not the next borderlands game... and thats a good thing! I have the highest respect for Gearbox Software and all the people who work there. Battleborn proves that gearbox is not another game company who wants to milk the consumer with a ""new"" game every year with the same mechanics. (Example of this, look at other shooters or even sports games) They are willing to take a risk on a new IP and that takes a ton of balls.It is a safe argument that Battleborn has many similarities to Overwatch but there are far more differences. Overwatch does have a better PvP (in my opinion), but thats alright! Does that mean the PvP in Battleborn is bad? Not at all! Gearbox took the risk of not only focusing on PvP but also adding a funny story mode chalked full of character. A story which shows off the anti hero comedy we know of Gearbox from the borderlands series. The story is really amazing for what it is. Unfortunately it keeps getting compared to borderlands in the wrong ways and gets negitive reputation. Battleborn does not let the player roam free like borderlands where the player can traverse the whole game world. What they do instead is focus more on a linear narrative approach that ALSO works with their always online PvP. This design choice i have seen many people complain about but this is not borderlands. They found a way to take the humor and charm of the borderlands games while conformimg to the new games restrictions. If you look at it like this it becomes easy to see they did an excelent job creating not only a good story, but also some great sphincter clenching combat. All the features cramed into this game while working in an always online enviroment is amazing.It makes me sad to see so much negitivity to a good game for the wrong reasons. So much that it is practically forced to go to a free to play model. The silver lining is that perhaps now people will get a chance to play this game who otherwise would not.If you disagree with me i would enjoy hearing your reason. Feel free to reply to my comment.If you think Battleborn is a good game leave your favorite quote in response. Ill leave mine here.. ""My♥♥♥♥♥.. their handing it to me!"" Geoff"
76561198096519001,Recommended,394230,32389562,Posted: 13 June,all,Link117,this is a vary good game i gotit full price wich is befor it went down it was well worth the mony now its free to play i am not mad of this it just means more peaple to play with wich = more fun why not try it if you dont like it you dont need to buy the full game or continu to play it
,Recommended,394230,32298238,Posted: 9 June,all,BlindLuck,I still don't know why people thought this was just like Overwatch at launch.  But gamers aren't usually smart so I guess it makes sense.
,Recommended,394230,32674799,Posted: 23 June,all,Khyrai,great game
,Recommended,394230,32579406,Posted: 19 June,all,Doctor Alphieus,"The game is quite excellent, it's only crime being less polished than overwatch and released in the same release window. Jeff Kaplan seems to take a perverse pleasure in running an event every time battleborn attempts to revitalize itself, further crippling the otherwise stellar game."
,Recommended,394230,32860805,Posted: 27 June,all,ValorPrime,"Really a fun game. You will find that most of my pros and cons are consistant with other like: the story, coustimazation and, characters are all enjoyable. The Q times are long because few people play. I say that it's really worth your time and if you get a couple of friends you should try it out."
,Recommended,394230,23145525,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,corrupted,Some sharp edges but good game overall.
,Recommended,394230,23277689,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Cheezy,"Wonderful hybrid of genres. Team based. character based. first person shooter. MOBA.  good humour from what you expect from gearbox. must be online to play.single player, co op, or pvp.  so op gameplay actually adds a challenge to the gameplay as well.a little bit of a grind to unlock all characters and abilities but still fun to play."
,Recommended,394230,23146365,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Polyintrinsic,"This game is great. Playing versus gets my MOBA itch stracted without having to wade into the toxic wastes of LoL or DOTA or HoS. Writing is amazing, ive never laughed to myself while playing a game before."
,Recommended,394230,23145441,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,RogueEcho,Solid game borrowing MMO raide and MOBA elements with just a dash of twitch-shooters.
,Recommended,394230,23263248,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Xhante Etnahx,This is a pretty fun game from the 3 hours I've played it. The characters are awesome and since I'm a fan of Borderlands this game is a hit for me. The only problem with this game is that it takes awhile to find people to play with. Otherwise that it's a great game.
,Recommended,394230,23145256,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Crash,"It's not perfect.But it's funny and it's fun.Dynamic gameplay and plenty of characters can keep the game intresting, and the writing is top tier."
,Recommended,394230,23145765,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Guruman,A very nice surprise I have so much fun and I will keep going
76561197967519488,Recommended,394230,23144963,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,LazurusKFP,"I love this game!Exterme depth in characters both in what you can unlock and ways they can be played through the helix system.  Humor is traditional gearbox's other offerings, and will often keep you comming back to story mode for more.  Great variety of modes of play ranging from the MOBA esc meltdown, to the more frantic capture modes a story mode and incursion.   All modes allow you to make progress and transfer to the online play."
,Recommended,394230,23145400,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,JackDrengen,"Fun shooting things. Needs more game modes and maps, though."
76561198000263622,Recommended,394230,23145763,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,gtmax500,"Really enjoy the multiplayer, the story isn't too bad either."
,Recommended,394230,23146578,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GodOfThunder44,Good mix of FPS and MOBA elements.
,Not Recommended,394230,26141614,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,BecauseRaisins,"a decent game that has been completely buried by awful writing (most levels are 70% talking), poor level design (other 30% is guarding objectives) and♥♥♥♥♥♥serversi'm not joking about the talking part, if you kill everything too quickly you are forced to sit there while someone overexaggarates something for up to 5 minutes"
,Not Recommended,394230,26118224,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,☆ I'M MADAFAKING JUSTIN YAO,"-EDIT ; 2017-Even after all these new players coming in, finding a match still takes hours and hours of queuing time. At least for me, I can almost queue for an entire day with not a single match found. Really wished I refunded this, but apparently Steam's customer service runs on a bot because my approximately 18 hours of queue time equates to me playing this game. Do yourself a favour and buy a better game. Like Overwatch for one.-MAIN REVIEW-Played the beta, liked it, pre-ordered. After a few months, regretted.Like what many other reviews have pointed out, this game is kinda dead, player-wise. You'd be lucking if you were playing with another online person and not a bot. With that out of the way, here's the review.Battleborn, brought to you by the peeps that brought us Borderlands, has their signature way of telling a story. Story's nice and all, but short, and soon feels like a grind. Missions start out easy to solo, but later on gets waaaaaay harder (In my opinion, soz' I'm a noob) and by the time you reach the final story mission (With that final boss fight) you will need to really know how to use your character / items / skill tree build to actually clear it on your own.The game is quite smooth, has the Borderland-ish feels and graphics, never encountered any game-breaking bugs (Still did encounter some small bugs though) and it's actually a pretty nice game. The only downside to this game is it's high price and low marketing, resulting in lesser and lesser players coming back or wanting to play this game, which in turn results in EVEN lesser and lesser players quitting this game just because there's no one to play with in the first place.Would really wish I could give a neutral review, but Steam doesn't have that option. So I'll make it a negative one and I suggest waiting until it's on a sale (Like now, at the time that I'm writing this it's at 67% discount) and / or buy it when you have friends that want / have the game."
,Recommended,394230,35212759,Posted: 25 September,all,Tiяit chan,Amazing game :)
76561198127726736,Recommended,394230,35190033,Posted: 24 September,all,Doug the Doug-Less,"Good game, no players though.I got this game a few weeks after launch. There was a good number of players, half a year later and i was being matched with the same 20 odd players. The game its self is generaly fine, reasonably well designed maps, good story modes felt a bit repetative at times but thats what hapens when the objectives are either defend point, kill boss/grunts and break object. The characters, their skills, the leveling and gear systems. Not far of being perfect.Taking the characters and universe and flinging it into a game thats more PvE focused with PvP as a side thing, would be briliant. like borderlands but with with biger teams and PvP.I wouldnt say you should get Battleborn, unless it goes fully F2P, then you should atleast try it.I do like this game its got plenty of content as it goes for upgrades, characters and gear. But I was searching for a match of Bots and I strugled to find more than two players, searching for over half and hour.Im giving it a review, But only on the anbsolutely miniscule chance that Gearbox, reads it and atlest considers doing something more with the characters they created.This game will be fully dead by the winter holiday. That is sad, but it was set to die from the begining. It was fun while it lasted and all. But unless you know a good hundred or more people to populate it. Id save your money for BL3 or something like that."
,Not Recommended,394230,23355173,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Andy,they make it a free to play and dont give any conpistion to people that put money into it.so your better off playing a better free to play game.i payed 59.99 to buy this game on my birthday and i think its a waist of good money.this game also lacks replay ability. it seems only good for half of the actual gameplay.
76561198075028658,Recommended,394230,27706838,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Admiral Something Or Other,"This game is super fun! I paid full price for both it and the season pass and I'm in love. The sale is a great time to get it if you're on the fence.The characters are unique, each with their own play style, but none of them feel beyond me. The story is interesting and compelling, while the pvp mode is exciting and engaging. Even when I lose I still have fun!Please buy this game - it's really fun and the community is great!!"
,Recommended,394230,26846964,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpideroftheBRAAAINZZ!!! [G-Corp],I highly recommend this game.  It's like Overwatch and Paladins had a baby.
,Recommended,394230,26036334,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ColoJoe,"Really enjoyed the campaign, the diverse characters, unlocking, leveling, and the different PvP maps and game types."
,Recommended,394230,26040849,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Doctor Mosquito M.D.,"It's been a while, but I have to say that I feel some people still aren't giving the game enough credit for what it was--/is/ to this day.2K screwed the pooch on Battleborn, but its developers are still plugging away at the game, hoping to please whatever crowd they have left. It's dedication, and it's something that's pretty respectable in this day and age with developers abandoning their projects as soon as they're out the door.Battleborn is a MOBA, plain and simple, but it also possesses a fairly interesting story mode with a new Operation dropping soon (Oct. 13). It's some of the most fun I've ever had in a game like it, and all it needs is a sizable number of people willing to play it.Recently, an anonymous source tipped off Kotaku and Polygon that there's a chance it's going free to play by the end of the year. Of course, Randy Pitchfork denied this, but . . . when has anything he's ever said been proven to be true? He said that The Pre-Sequel would never, ever, not in a million years go to next gen consoles, but it did. High hopes in that regard. The source also noted that Gearbox wanted it to be free to play to begin with, but 2K ""suggested"" pricing it for $60 dollars, and in that state, I can't say I recommend it right this second.I'm cautiously optimistic. If you see it with 40% off, I'd say go for it, but you really might be better off waiting for it to go FTP."
,Recommended,394230,27688064,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mikotoxx,"Um ótimo jogo, seu modo história é consideravelmente dificil. Infelizmente seu modo Online quase não há jogadores; porém seu sistema de batalhas é muito bom;  recomendo um ótimo jogo para passar o tempo"
76561198159180079,Recommended,394230,30501634,Posted: 13 March,all,Arrow,This game has a small playerbase and that sucks. however that should not effect your decision on buying the game. It is extremely fun and drastically different than anything it could be compared to.
76561198028458503,Recommended,394230,23148039,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,williamdegaul,"Overwatch beta reinforced why I liked Battleborn better: The humor, the community, and incursion is a really solid MOBA translation to FPS"
76561198066591819,Recommended,394230,22815390,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rhymz,Play this or dont .... serriously play this or dont.... idc i play this and  i dontIts fun fast paced and the Dialouge IS SOO BORDERLANDS its epic purely epic
,Recommended,394230,22818300,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Andoo,League of Legends as and FPS. 9.9/10
,Recommended,394230,23142057,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,castavernas,Great game that uniquely blends MOBA and FPS elements into a fast paced fun strategy shooter.
76561198120883776,Recommended,394230,22800610,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bektos,"BattleBorn is a very fun/ funny game that I have been waiting months for, and let me tell you it didn't disappoint. The characters are awsome and the story line is well told, it's definitely not Borderlands 3 but it is a game that anyone can get into and have a great time playing."
,Recommended,394230,22800225,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[NA]Ash,"Battleborn is so jam packed with innovation and creativity that the game can in no way be easily summarized. What I CAN say is that each of the playable heroes (25 at launch) are all a joy to play. I can't fathom the amount of work that went into building and creating so many playable characters, each with their own signature play-mechanics. Gearbox once again blends genres to create something utterly unique and fun to play.If there you don't like the way a particular character performs, simply try a new one. You're bound to land on a character that suits your play-style eventually!"
,Recommended,394230,22805079,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Zaddy,Its a great class based game. Definetly worth your money.
76561198027823803,Recommended,394230,23146995,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jotunn,"Do you like FPSes? Do you prefer a more tactical and strategic game, rather than a twitch shooter? Do you like MOBAs? Do you like PvE Raid Bosses?  Do you a bit of like melee in your FPS? Ever wanted to dash over and deliver a WWF clothesline to that ****ing sniper right in his camping face?  If you answered yes to any of these, please continue...In PvE, you will fight raid bosses with multiple phases, minion summons, self-heals that you need to counter, invulnerable phases, etc.  A few missions have ""Defend the point"" style horde mode, if that's your thing.In PvP, K/D means almost nothing, working with your team to achieve your goal means everything.If all that sounds appealing, definitely give the game a go.  It's immensely fun, if a bit imperfect in a few areas.Devs are very active on their Forums and Reddit pages,  acknowledging the areas that need tweaking and giving weekly status updates.  It's refreshing to see devs this dedicated to their game.In the meantime, the imperfections aren't enough to ruin the game.  Not by a long shot.The cast of characters is amazing.  We've got a human-sized bird weiding a rocket launcher, a femme fatal spy with deadly fans, a masked luchadore, a high society gentlemen robot sniper, a sentient mushroom, a standard FPS Assault Rifle guy, and everything in between.The humor in the game is top notch, and the voice acting is a step above that.  Every one of the 25 characters (with 5 more being added for free btw) has multiple unique dialog options for each of the 25 potential opponents (including seeing and/or killing themselves on the opposing team. ""Doppelganger down.  Little freaked out though."")  Each of the 25 also has unique lines for teleporting back to base, killing an enemy mid-teleport, killing an enemy while they're perusing their level-up options, dominating an enemy, getting dominated, and on and on.  The level of detail here is insane.  And awesome.  Insanely awesome.With devs this responsive, and attention to detail this great, and how much fun the game already is ... I'd give it 8/10 in it's current form, with potential for 10/10, easily."
76561198017327479,Recommended,394230,23281360,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,PAINKILLER,"bad optimization,low fps on high end pcother than that its great"
,Recommended,394230,23146917,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ARCang3L,"Good mix of a lot of things I like in games.Gearbox Humour is worth the price.No regrets.Should be a little less than $60, maybe 30-40."
,Recommended,394230,23279725,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,festeringMongoose,"Yeah, alright, it so isn't worth the $80 dollars that some people wasted (like me). Yeah, the story mode is kinda meh and isn't all that spectacular. But it's not like the characters are incredibally unbalanced and the roster of characters are all unique and fun to play. If you like PVP, FPS, or MOBAS. You should definitely give this game a shot. Even though it says FREE TRIAL it's not limited you can play forever and you can unlock everything just by playing the game so other than it eating up a whole 25GB you really aren't losing anything by trying out the free game. I repeat FREE."
76561197972398393,Recommended,394230,26079003,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Crispy_T,"While this came out when Overwatch did, and they have some surface similarities, this is a different game, This has the Gearbox sense of humor, but the ambiance does not gel as well as Overwatch. This is a more strategic game than Overwatch.  I've really enjoyed the FPS. Overall I have enjoyed my time in this game."
76561198220414065,Recommended,394230,26590079,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hammy,"I love this game but if it was cheaper and was released sooner i think it would be more players, but i hope it get's more luck :D."
76561198306428653,Recommended,394230,29436168,Posted: 22 January,all,TeMPo,this game is amazing love it wish there where more people online but there is a against ai which makes it fun i have this game on my xbox to would
,Recommended,394230,27248278,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Веселый озорной,"I love you, Gearbox, but constant 14 fps makes our relationship very complicated."
,Recommended,394230,27937105,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Highway to Heaven,"a hidden gem, provided you don't use amd.jeff cucklan singlehandedly killed fps games.  never forget this."
,Recommended,394230,28001265,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ChaosDX,Great storyHilarious DialogueTons of playable characters each with their own combat style and personalityHours of replay value for your and your friends in both co-op and competitive playBasically Borderlands if you ever wanted Borderlands to be a MOBA.
,Recommended,394230,22804862,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,S0nicLightning,"Fantasitc MOBA FPS from the creators of Borderlands. Defentialy worth all $60.Edit: as of 8/8 I still find this to be completely true, it's a real shame the game died as quick as it did, could have been a new amazing multiplayer game"
76561198205359448,Recommended,394230,24770227,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Almighty Tallest Red,"This game is amazing, it has so many fun and different characters which provide diverse gameplay styles and strategies"
76561198132099380,Recommended,394230,32825370,Posted: 26 June,all,Fibb,"The only reason this game is mixed right now is that people who complain about the lack of people playing think the best way to solve it is to rate the game badly.To complain about a problem without proposing a solution is called ♥♥♥♥♥ingThe game has a lot to offer now that multiplayer became free to play recently; a taste of what to expect in upcoming gameplay. you have several modes with numerous heroes to choose from, each with in-depth lore to unlock by playing as them and skins and mods you unlock through gameplay and opening loot crates.This game can be just as popular as any hero shooter, it just needs to be shown some love."
76561197992668925,Not Recommended,394230,26333507,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DOOD,"This game is really fun, it's a nice blend of games like DOTA and FPS Genre, it has interesting characters and a self-referential sense of humour. The only problem I had with it was that it is too visually busy sometimes (which is a pretty minor complain all things considered)So, why am I not recommending this game? It is simply dead, it released at a very bad time, and it released at a premium price point. It simple got swept by Overwatch. They are different games, but they compete for the same customer base, and the truth is Overwatch is a more enjoyable game overal. The rounds are shorter and there is less downtime, shorter kill time and high skill-cap for characters makes it possible for individuals to swing matches, it's more visualy pleasing etc. I struggle to find a reason to play Battleborn instead of Overwatch, and I'm afraid there is none for me. Oh, there's also Paladins which is free to play, and it's almost, if not just as fun as Battleborn.So, despite Battleborn being a good game, I cannot recommend it to anybody, because the alternative is just so much more fun."
,Recommended,394230,27002302,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stick EJ,"On its own, the game is really good. It's just that it gets compared to Overwatch a lot."
,Recommended,394230,27587577,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,knife emoji,"Battleborn is honestly much, much better than all the hate makes it out to be. It's fun to play and replay, I can't get tired of it because the dialogue changes and there's so much opportunity with using different characters. As someone who has trouble with PVP, the Coop. part of it made it a blessing for me and it ended in hours of laughter and fun. The music is catchy, the dialogue is hilarious and the characters are just a bunch of lovable and relatable nerds.While I'm a bit disappointed at buying the deluxe edition since it doesn't end in much, I'm not really mad at the matchmaking. I don't mind waiting that much; and I know it's because there's so little people playing. More people need to give this game a chance and not give up so quickly when something goes wrong. Battleborn had a rough start, but it definitely deserve a good place. Content is still coming in and the devs are nice and listening, from fixing frame rate to giving us quality content.Definitely my favourite game now. No regret in buying it."
,Recommended,394230,26222136,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zatharax,"""Todays weather is cloudy with a chance of SICK♥♥♥♥♥SPACE LAZERS"" - Oscar Mike 10/10"
,Recommended,394230,22797865,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ectocooler_,"Review in progress.This review is with less than 24 hours of play.  This review can change with more playtime.Gearbox has put together a very competent Frankenstein's monster.If you enjoy the quirky - if not at times cringeworthy - sense of humor and aesthetic of the borderlands games, the PVE dungeons in Destiny and Hero based MOBA games, then this game is probably for you.Battleborn is a jack of all trades that doesn't do the best at any one thing - compared to each contemporary in that genre - but as a sum-of-all-parts it's a great package that will keep you addicted.PVP plays as an objective based MOBA with a substantial upgrade path from level 1 - 10 in each match and limited item customization via items you can bring into the game and use currency you build during a match to activate.It plays a lot like a first person MOBA but is still different enough to entice people, like myself, who are not big MOBA fans.  It's truly a hybrid between the world of first person shooters and MOBA games in a way that rewards skilled FPS players but doesn't overly punish people who prefer isometric 3rd person action/strategy games.On the flip side, if you're a skilled FPS player who thinks he's going to go it alone - rambo style - then you're in for a rude awakening because teamwork is definitely the key.This is true in PVP and PVE which plays a lot like a strike in Destiny.  PVE levels are 5 player co-op missions that take roughly 45 minutes to complete.  They're easy enough that you won't feel frustrated by your teammates if they refuse to work as a team but difficult enough that you WILL fail if everyone is off doing their own thing.  The challenge comes in meeting objectives rather than being killed by enemy NPCs and my group failed to defend genermcjiggerwattchamacallits at least 2 - failing the entire mission - because we allowed ourselves to scatter off.Littered through out the levels are upgrade pods that will allow you to purchase, with money you get from killing enemies/from the environment, different types of turrets, traps, and UAVs that help you.Speaking of which, you WILL need to make use of these in order to win the levels and determinig which of these to spend your currency on, and at what time, is where the challenge comes into play.If you scoffed each time Dinklebot said ""hold off these enemies while I scan this wall"" then you'll be disappointed to know that many of the levels have multiple parts where you're doing just that.  Only, in Battleborn you're protecting a device from destruction.When you mix the constant waves of enemies with the upgradable traps/turrets, it feels a lot like a first person tower defense game.Battleborn truly is a hybrid of all sorts."
,Recommended,394230,24193678,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mitharan,"The game is fairly balanced among Heroes. It does have rock paper scissors moments, but that's why it's a team game. Strategy can beat a good player. The game modes are distinct from each other and each have different ways the team should be built. I have favorite heroes depending on the map or the team or even just what I feel like playing. The story modes are simple but still enough to learn abilities and just have fun with friends.In general, I feel like there are 2 types of people who outright dislike the game. Those who jumped on Overwatch without playing this (they are different styles of games). And those who wanted Borderlands 3 and didn't really understand the goal of this game.There are flaws, but I don't find them to be with the game itself. The community is small which does make bad queue times. That's a self fulfilling prophecy. People don't get it simply for a queue time so they never get better. The gear system does require some grinding, but unless you're playing at super high ELO gear doesn't matter. My friend just started playing and we've won more than we've lost.In the end, play the game. It's fun, it has goals to work toward even though you can play just a game or two and not have to marathon it. Though you can do that too."
76561198252902920,Recommended,394230,32423514,Posted: 14 June,all,Honeybadger44,"This game is a ton of fun, it had an unfortunate release date, and sadly never recovered.  The player base is very low now, but it is such an awesome game. It absolutely can still be played single player PvE but this is just part of the experience Gearbox had originally intended.  I just wish more people took interest when it came out, then this game would be seen in a whole new light."
76561198253219531,Recommended,394230,29431372,Posted: 22 January,all,urX,"I tried this because Overwatch is getting stale and the development team sucks, so I wanted to see what the ""dark side"" looks like and I am not that familiar with MOBAs, so it's nothing new. Also, lets be real for a minute, Overwatch has a  huge number of players, but but the meta rarely changes, many classes are unviable, and the development team is anything but agile to even address minor things or even acknowledge problems, plus they have an in-house gaming engine which probably excaberates things.PROS:* I like what the game looks like, it looks cartoony and stupid in pictures but playing it, it's diferent. you gotta experience it* I had one incredible Incursion game as Kleese and was like ""YES, this could be my next main game IF THERE WERE MORE PEOPLE ONLINE"".* The character cast seems quite varied and I've already found several characters I really like playing, like Ambra and Kleese* A lot of characters have pretty cool styles, like Orendi. The graphics for skills are also visually interesting.* With the Helix Treeand the gear you can get, there is more strategy than using basic skills over and over, only problem is that the gear can kidn of unbalance things if you think about it.CONS:* This game is on life support for real, less than 1 year and it's already figthing signs of death. Needs a lot more players!* Chaos Rumble mode (right now) is trash, you will get stomped or have no idea what is going on, plus there is Beatrix OVERLOAD. 0% fun.* You get to vote on what modes to play and honestly I hate it. It's endless Incursion, which gets boring. Everybody only does Incursion it seems like.* PvE seems simplistic and just way too easy (haven't tried advanced mode yet)* Versus Draft mode is just poorly designed with it's long, drawn out character pick/ban screen... 4 minutes just staring at the character selection screen and there's no tutorial for it or anything so I accidentally banned somebody's Orendi.* A lot of the character selection screens need to be redesigned, why are we selecting charcters with the R key or sometimes with the left click, but can't rechoose unless we click backspace? It's like they took something so basic and just made it complicated for no reason. PLUS THE WAIT TIME IS RIDICULOUS... sorry, but there is no need. Copy Overwatch or GTFO, it's not that complicated.* The tutorial room is poor and includes a 60 second timer to go in and no way to change characters, really really bad. Even Overwatch's training room is better and that one is considered less than basic.* The interface was recently revamped but still needs work IMO.Overwatch and this game really are total opposites. Overwatch has the player base, instant gratification with hero kills being more common and feeling more satisfying, and a higher level of general game polish that Battleborn needs, where Battleborn simply has more things (abilities, the helix tree, PvP modes that feature bots, story mode). In an ideal world, while they are both different kinds of games, Battleborn could give Overwatch some competition because it's also fun in a different way. If the playerbase was only there... I'll recommend it just because I want to see it grow."
76561198018013143,Not Recommended,394230,25936243,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Praetor Shinzon,Great game but my advice is not to buy it. Most the time nobody is playing. You get lucky now and then. 60 bucks though for very small community is not worth it.*update* Games dead. Very sad. They should just give it away for free.
76561197999999443,Recommended,394230,29474629,Posted: 24 January,all,ShadyIMG,"The winter update has improved it a lot since you don't have to unlock every character and then some.My major problem is the quest system as it basically says ""Do PvP or miss out on rewards."" Which sucks cause new players, like me, are constntly going up against players who are rank 100+ in PvP and my team is full of new players. Not only that the lvl 100s don't even ahve to try. They can pikc five of one BB and end up winning anyway. So unbalanced.This game gets my vote still cause there's a lot to do."
,Recommended,394230,28656337,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kaiie,"This game was absolutely fantastic in it's prime. Unfortunately it did very poorly due to an improper release time, and poor reviews / comparisons to other games from many companies.I think this game would be considerably enjoyable if you can get a group of friends together to play, but unfortunately the game's population has simply died / left, and with it, the spirit of the game.I sincerely recommend this game for how good it is, but unfortunately there's way too few playing it anymore."
76561198095977812,Recommended,394230,33435248,Posted: 10 July,all,MonkeyCraft3,"Honestly, a fantastic and unique multiplayer experience. Truly interesting and unique gamemodes combined with a very diverse character lineup creates a fantastic and enjoyable experience, especially now that it's free."
76561198002140811,Recommended,394230,28598151,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Captain Black,Great co-op fun! Levelling method is interesting and makes swapping character to suit stage of the story much more viable without grinding.
,Recommended,394230,26511409,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sad Panda,"Fun, I'm not into many games of this nature or style but this has kept me entertained thus far. Enjoy the art in it as well. If you can grab it on sale at some point that's what i'd recommend taking advantage of."
,Recommended,394230,22790119,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,orkanone,"Absolutely recommend this, I haven't had this much fun with a multiplayer in ages. With about 30 hours in open beta and ctt to add to my current playtime I feel like I have barely scratched the surface of this game."
,Recommended,394230,22808602,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Clebi,Great game! Definitely worth buying.
,Recommended,394230,32230860,Posted: 6 June,all,he,"Simply amazing.Very different from nearly every game out there, so it's hard to draw comparisons. Think of it as if TF2 and LoL had a baby, except somehow the baby had superpowers, and should have become famous, but their parents were also superheroes so everyone forgot about the baby.Or something like that."
76561198059025351,Not Recommended,394230,27680518,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Venom0451™,A great game ruined by its release date and laughable marketing
76561198027157161,Recommended,394230,23260462,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Kingpin504,"When I started out playing battleborn I really wasn't a big fan. I thought the characters were weird and that all of the matches were pretty one sided, but the more I played the more I enjoyed it. It's definetly a game that has a hurdle to get over. Once you get over that hurdle, it becomes a great experience."
,Recommended,394230,26066010,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,▶EliteMaster◀,i really like this game i just have to play it alone in bot games cuz 1. every game i find whole enemy team is 100lvl or i can't find game at all 2. i only have two friends who own this but other one is too busy playing CS and other one doesen't want to play with out his friends who doesen't own this and he can't get the game cuz it's little over priced but i still love the game play and i'd say that it was worth the money still but i just want to open lore challenges but i can't open them in bot games while no player games are foundable...
,Recommended,394230,29468756,Posted: 24 January,all,The Faither,"Hi Folks, not really a review. Just wanted to say that the update is HUGE, matchmaking is decent and you can give it a try again. Still not so many players unfortunately, but honestly I don't think that's ever going to change..."
76561198046239543,Recommended,394230,32304121,Posted: 9 June,all,Deadbeat Senpai,"This game isn't Overwatch. Stop comparing it to Overwatch. If you want to play Overwatch, then go♥♥♥♥♥♥♥play Overwatch, otherwise, stop comparing the 2, and form your own opinion, you braindead, sheeple. Play it, if you don't like it, then stop, but if you come in expecting overwatch, you deserve EVERY OUNCE of dissapointment you get. ALL OF IT. I swear, people can't form an opinion without comparing it to something anymore. Then when you play a game that is completly original, you come and say ""Oh, it's too strange because I can't mindlessly compare it to something else."" Grow an imagination and look at it without your hate.And if you don't like it, THEN hate it. Hate it all you like. I played this game before I played overwatch and guess what. I hate em both, not cuz they are anything alike, but because I like neither of them. Try it, you might like it."
76561198031437960,Recommended,394230,22920412,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,fishpro661199,EPICNESS!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,394230,23224261,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,specs808,"I'm a big fan of Battleborn. I'm new to MOBAs, but I'm really enjoying the genre blending to create a fun, team-based shooter with tons of depth and replayability. There is a bit of a learning curve, but once you learn the objectives, you'll start getting the hang of it."
,Recommended,394230,23769408,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Circus Haus,"This game seriously does not deserve all the hatred people have been giving it. i have played many games with many people (it did take a while to find them since the base amount of players is low) and it's really fun. i feel people want to compare it to Overwactch, which is like comparing an iphone to a potado, they are nothing alike besides the fact you can play as multiple heroes, who have different skill trees. battleborn has a co-op campagin and different PVP mods that i havent played because im not a big PVP person, but both are different from what overwatch has to offer, and while it is on sale i highly suggest you pick it up"
,Recommended,394230,27937249,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,no quarter,Don't listen to the Overwatch shills that won't give Battleborn a chance. This game is great. Never follow the sheeple.
76561198086982633,Recommended,394230,24009992,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,johannes_mirror,It's Borderlands as a MOBA?!!!
76561198075992327,Recommended,394230,22894968,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Neverm0re,Borderlands humor combined with a unique take on existing genres. I love it.
,Recommended,394230,28637151,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SeriousPenguins,In this game they have co-op missions ! So that you can experience the story with your friends! One of the best co-op games I've ever played!
,Not Recommended,394230,23589285,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,A Capivara *Despacito*,♥♥♥♥ that matchmaking. 45 min search and not a single soul (pvp or missions co-op).
76561198030621615,Recommended,394230,22793355,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fredo319,So far so good. The game is difficult but really fun!!!!
,Recommended,394230,23239594,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,Any game with a Ginyu Force style intro before every mission has my heart on a plate.10/10 Oscar Mike loving space lasers!
76561198001140487,Recommended,394230,22826322,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Tinkles (Rasmus),"It's really good! once you start to learn it! only big con i got atm is preformance im useing duel 980ti's on 3440x1440 and sometimes i run down to 40-50fps in story mode... big problem there is the sli scaling, my secound gpu is only being used to 35-40% so once they get that up to 60-70% it should be fine. But anyways they need to work on preformance all over the game."
76561198093819274,Recommended,394230,24303105,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cookie,"The game clearly has flaws, you can't deny it. But the times when I can actually play the game it is genuinely a great time. It has that classic Borderlands/Borderlands 2 humor with a very interesting and diverse cast.Is it worth $60? Not really. If you can pick it up for $30 or less I'd say get it. If you have other people you can play it with you will have a great time."
,Recommended,394230,32635827,Posted: 21 June,all,Volt,"While overshadowed by Blizzards Overwatch on release, Battleborn is a solid game that brings MOBA styled gameplay to a Hero-FPS with plenty to offer in classes, PvE, and PvP.https://youtu.be/3CTmZ7I7ER4"
76561198085418558,Recommended,394230,23191447,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,SillySixShooter,The campaign is tacked on. The characters are silly but to the point where they are harder to point our on psrsonality.But! The gameplay and the fun ease into mechanics and strata keep me coming back. If you rant a moba that's easy to pick up and put down and pick up another 4 times then yes this game is worth while but it no frown faces if you wanna wait for a sale first if you're really unsure.
76561198065519943,Recommended,394230,23224937,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,jvjd,"The game is great, the characters are fun to play and the lore achieves give you something to great to aim forThe story missions gets kinda repetitive but since pvp is there it should not matter much right RIGHT??WrongMatchmaking is poor, says estimated ""short "", 45 minutes wait no dice, i barely get one person to play with on story missions let alone  5 v 5 pvp matchesI don't understand why this game hasn't kicked off in my region fortunately it wasn't really expensive for me  due to regional pricingi guess ill have to just wait till this game gets players or actually socialize *shudderfor premade group via other means"
,Recommended,394230,22825782,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Warfinn,It's fun
76561198127548279,Recommended,394230,23762670,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ship wreck,i had a great expirnce.
76561197998655376,Recommended,394230,23279243,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Shadex,"Battleborn is a brilliant game played by too many of the wrong people.The timing is unfortunate in its release along side Overwatch and I think a lot of people just ended up in the wrong game. I own both of them and have played them both pretty extensively. I enjoy them both but for completely different reasons. Getting the most out of either required that you know what you are getting into so as not to feel shorted once either delivers exactly what they said they would.Battleborn is strategic where as Overwatch is tactical.A lot of planning has to be done prior to the match starting. Characters and load out choices cannot be changed once the match starts. The TTK in BB is much longer than OW giving players more time to use abilities, counter enemies, and work the battlefield. The inclusion of various structures around the arena adds another level of strategy as players must choose whether to stay and help on the front lines, or fall back to enlist NPCs, construct support stations, spawn special units, or simply use their collected shards to activate their gear.Overwatch is a highly visceral, extremely fast paced pit fight where TTK is quite often instantaneous. Each character has a maximum of around three abilities that do not change making the game more similar to an arcade style shooter. Characters can be swapped out mid-match as players jockey for the best team counter composition but the way you play them is always the same.Battleborn is chess where OW is checkers.BB is a very involved experience that can overwhelm players with choices while OW is a get in and get out quick fix intended to sate the appetite of a particular demographic of players. This is not wrong and I myself continue to log into OW when that is the itch I am looking to scratch. However, BB on the other hand is where I go when I am looking for a more filling, cerebral experience.We are in a time in the gaming industry when fast, easy gratification is the selling point and Blizzard is no fool. They crafted Overwatch and then distilled it down to the purest form of this ideal and wrapped it in a highly polished layer of sex knowing that it would sell like crazy to a market where anything involving more than two steps or 5 minutes is considered too hard, or in need of a ""quality of life"" nerf. This is why they have simple sexy characters, all there at the launch, no development, and never a match that lasts more than 5 minutes.Battleborn is there for those looking for something different. The fact that BB has a story, gear to work for, load outs to consider, strategies to think about, these are all things that were not meant for the OW players and shouldn't be. They are both brilliant games, and Battleborn gets a lot of bad press recently because it is not OW. Personally I am glad. I love their off sense of humor (Orendi cracks me up), their quirky characters, the story, and simple joy you can tell went into making this game. It is fun plain and simple. OW is very in your face all the time. The community seems more hardcore and I have found much more caustic than Battleborn.So there you have it. If you are looking for a light hearted jiggle and the time to think and make mistakes, looking for a great story, off the wall characters, and more to think about than should I hit button A or B, then Battleborn is exactly what you are looking for. If you are looking to be the best of the best and you will play 8+ hours a day if that is what it takes to be that no matter what then OW may be more your cup of tea. I have been playing FPS games since Quake CTF and I am good, not amazing, good and I can tell you, OW is a serious challenge. Battleborn is just... fun. Some times you want one, sometimes the other. But there is definitely room for both and Battleborn is amazingly crafted, well thought out, and well worth the look."
76561197986648420,Recommended,394230,28197717,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Smoth,The initial tutorial mission(prologue) was lack luster with a character whose attitude comes off like a petulant child but don't like that foul your taste for the game.Past that there is a a game with a lot of character and a great deal of interesting characters. Beautiful levels and a rewarding progress system.you needn't play with others if you do not want to but it is a lot of fun!
,Not Recommended,394230,23784764,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,REDBEARD,"Pretty disapointing overall. The touted PvE experience has some of the worst dialed in cringe worthy lines Ive seen from a AAA studio. They use one voice actor for half the characters and its the same one from all the borderland games. The PvP experiece fails to utalize design advancements in match making that are just plain standard in most fps now, its like match making 1999 edition.  There is no guidance given in team structure so most new players drag down your team.  Classic MOBA frustrations only in your face so its extra annoying.  Not to mention the literal 100s of hours you would have to put in to unlock the build you actually would like to play with.Edit 7/1: Still feels like a call of duty match, Its better but not worth 70 dollars"
,Recommended,394230,22782876,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dik-Dik,9/11get rektn00bs
,Recommended,394230,23808588,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,alphakater,This game is what Overwatch was announced to be. A great strategic 3rd person multiplayer online game! It's much better balanced than the blizzard equivalent and the solo missions give it the little thing that every other game in this genre is missing. Sadly just a few ppl play it. If they would get a bigger player base this game would be a new standart for online shooters
,Recommended,394230,23355823,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,✥ Landgravine of Vitzendale,"A new main passtime while on Steam.A couple of issues because of my region (SAm), at first, but they can be easily mended in a way.Really enjoying it, so far.. Interesting gameplay, flowing nicely and it brings great characters to click with - just wish there was as much lewd material of it as Analwatch has.The game is great on its own, anywho! And recommended!"
76561198150287035,Recommended,394230,23547533,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SilverFang,Theres honestly nothing wrong with this game its fun to play and the battleborn characters are all unique I love playing it so give this game a chance
76561198049595687,Recommended,394230,22780737,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Boss Bawss,Totes fun y'all.
76561198038793183,Recommended,394230,23805633,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Killer Platypus,"This game is fun, as long as matchmaking doesn't take too long."
76561198098778067,Recommended,394230,28611746,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Galanii,"Borderwatch, nah, its more like a moba than overwatch"
,Recommended,394230,22797876,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Skrillcon,Give it a shot. There's always the refund system if you don't like it but I can guarantee that won't be necessary. Don't forget to eat!
,Recommended,394230,22799573,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,David v2,Very fun game. Good campaign but difficult multiplayer.
,Recommended,394230,27794762,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Atok,"Battleborn is a FUN game.Doesn't matter what the genral opinion of Gearbox is in the present, this game is not short in quality. This game was compared with OW so much when they are not in the same category. OW is an FPS with barely some MOBA features ( skills and ults); while BB is a MOBA with some FPS features (Cooldowns, experience & levels, PVE objectives in a PVP gamemode, etc).The PC game population just went with the general criticism made about this game being a ""OW clone"" when they are not even alike.This game definitely deserved the chance, but it is it's own publisher fault why this game marketing failed (mostly).If the subjective opinions are left out, it would be easier to notice how technically the game is not really bad and really very fun!"
,Recommended,394230,32010483,Posted: 27 May,all,Fitz,"Honestly, wasn't sure what to expect. I heard mixed reviews and haven't seen much hype around it.  THOROUGHLY IMPRESSED. I enjoy it very much and it's very different from Overwatch/Paladins.  Definitely worth the buy and I love the playstyle, as well as the heroes.MORE PEOPLE NEED TO PLAY."
,Recommended,394230,29937666,Posted: 15 February,all,Deadmen23-3,BATTLEBORN is actuallly a good game but i have to say the guy is really ment to be played with firends i mean playing by yourself gets realling boring. however the game has a good amount of heroes right now so fun could be had.and to the overwatch vs battleborn thing ...i ahve nothing to say that this game is more of a boaderlands games then anything if i were to say overwatch clone look at paladins
76561197992200829,Recommended,394230,22779095,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,LunaticWoda,PROS:Original game play mechanicsFun for Pros or casualsFast pacedLots of interesting charactersGood in-game humorLove/HateHow fats paced the game can getArt styleCONS:Lots of idiots in the game :P
76561198085893844,Recommended,394230,30677383,Posted: 22 March,all,ProfessorAres,Honestly a very fun game havent played online yet but story is thoroughly enjoyable
,Recommended,394230,22903161,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[TSS]Nadeau5,Fun
76561197994007187,Not Recommended,394230,26024868,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Blackstar,They waited till the game was dead to bring out DLC. Even OW got a TF2 like Man V Machine mode out before DLC story in Battleborn.Don't buy into a game that has is pretty dead.
76561198230331936,Recommended,394230,29431209,Posted: 22 January,all,TazeBlaze,its fun
76561198018929551,Recommended,394230,29383137,Posted: 20 January,all,iSitAllDay,its still a fun game. still has the humor you expect from the makers of borderlands. and No it is not a overwatch clone.
76561198055536248,Recommended,394230,22933390,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mystic General,"So when I first heard of Battleborn, I was: ""This looks cool, but I want Borderlands 3.""After about only nine hours into the game, I've been able to understand why people hate it so much.So I'll be nice and tell you all the 5 reasons why everyone ""HATES!"" this game.1. Best Game of 2016.2. Same as 1.3. Same as 2.4. Same as 3.5. Same as 4.Bonus: The characters are so much fun to try out, they all have great lines, and voice actors.I'm looking at you Orendi, and Rath.So in all the wrong ways, this game might actually be bad.But because 98% of Gearbox fans Play this none stop, I think it's safe to say:""You Done Did Good Gearbox, You Done Did Good."""
,Recommended,394230,22924018,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ConstructionTim,Awesome game with great variety in character. I do wish that they had more then 8 story missions to play but the dlc is releasing more soon. I would give it a 8.5 out of 10.
76561198035813888,Recommended,394230,22934249,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,I should be drawing!,"I do not play moba's nor fps's, nor am I playing overwatch. I am a somewhat casual gamer who plays strictly for fun!I simply tried this during the open beta and found something very fun indeed, it was hard at first and took some learning but eventually I became comfortable with it and I have experinced much joy hence!Frankly the combat is at a wonderful pace, characters are just hearty enough to make a mistake or two, early level anyway. Abilities are unique and very effectual if applied with the propper context, like real combat, you must be smart!And the game forces you to learn, sometimes in matches you cant win or seemingly but I have made comebacks from hell in incursion and this game plays smoothly and tight as destiny which I've spent many hours with.Many people like to compare this game to other currently on the market and submit that for each thing Battleborn does there is a game which may satisfy you better, that is hogwash good sirs! As no game has for me.I submit that Battleborn is at it's core a polished fiesta of fun characters and in depth inspired game play that offers hours of time/minion/baby slaying with no regrets!"
,Recommended,394230,30630258,Posted: 19 March,all,Zninjaboy,"i love this game i think its good, it has few cons i just wish more people would play."
76561198096524678,Recommended,394230,22872389,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,pyromancer28,"A fun shooter that does a great job of integrating MOBA elements. Has a full campain, though it acts as something more episodic than having a full continuous story. It keeps the gearbox sense of humor from borderlands and the quips between characters are enjoyable to hear. If you specifically hate MOBAs, you probably will dislike this game, but it does remove a lot of the features that, atleast I think, cause some people to hate them."
,Recommended,394230,22872619,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kage Creed,"If you like flying around and kicking♥♥♥♥♥ this is the game for you. I know some people have been complaining about issues with AMD GPU's but I'm rocking a GTX 970 so I'm excluded. Besides that, the humor is awesome and the game has tons of replayability between the story missions and versus mode."
76561198027412251,Recommended,394230,23027414,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Cryptology00,This game got me into SMITE.
,Recommended,394230,23230625,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sphinx,Far exceeded my expectations. Single player which seems to be dieing out is excellent. Coop is just as fun if not better. Has bots for mulltiplayer which is also something youy dont see as much anymore. Tons of characters to choose from and unlock. No micro transactions. I havent even touched on the pvp part but its also very good just not my thing. I like pvp games that include some ai enemies as well and this game does that. Characters are very unique and with over 25 of them that says something. Its having a slow start because of overwatch im guessing because I got it on sale for 35 USD. Its worth much more than this.
76561198137166173,Recommended,394230,23377698,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,は,"Truely one of my favorite games so far, the story missions are really fun to do with other people and the PvP matches are really fun aswell. The only criticism would be the waiting times for games they can sometimes seem to drag on forever. But, other than that its amazing♥♥♥♥♥♥10"
76561198100781720,Recommended,394230,23475925,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Handsome Jack,"Battleborn is a fun fusion between an fps and a MOBA. That may set some poeple off, but it's well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,394230,23043117,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Horny Basty,Borderlands humor♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a good FPS MOBA game = Battleborn10/10 would let humor♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,394230,23600608,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ZSNO,"It's currently priced way too high for the minimal amount of content that is currently in the game. The singleplayer/coop campaign was fun, but the multiplayer only has 2 maps for each of the 3 gamemodes for a total of 6 maps. Maybe in the future it'll be worth the price."
,Recommended,394230,26444625,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Battlenaut,"If you decide to play this, get some friends.  You'll have a blast and there's so much to do and see.  And if you enjoy it, wait until you play the sequels, they improve the formula even more!"
76561198079372588,Recommended,394230,22792939,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,eapenster,Definitly the most fun game out from the trio ..overwatch paragon and battleborn.. Each charecter is completly unique to play with the story mode is in your face funny and its a lot of fun to play with friends.. The first day i got it . I wound up playing it for 17 hours now i am trying to stay away. Only issue i had with the game is if you set your downlaod region to india or some of the other countrys you wont find players. so you have to set your download server to a palce like LUXEMBERG and then you get players to play with in seconds. The comunity is quite friendly and not angry gamers and multiplayer pvp is a lot of fun to play. Just watch out for Samurai Vegita Rath his power level is over 9000
,Recommended,394230,22884773,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lord Qudd,Think DOTA2 in first person.  Add in Borderlands writing and art style.  It's a great deal of fun.
,Recommended,394230,23457896,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Romulus,i dont understand the hate behind this game other than the long wait times to join a multiplayer game but im guessing its because not enough people have bought the game... its a shame this game isnt taking off like i had hoped
76561198158126770,Recommended,394230,23158512,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Arteriiez[just call me matt],"A very enjoyable game. Ever since they have made borderlands they have been always for there fans, and already they have been updating and improving their game plus if you look up there community page they plan on releasing plenty of free updates including maps and more so its still worth it just have to give it time."
76561198165255752,Recommended,394230,22801081,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ʕ·͡ᴥ·ʔ Ch-Chi-Chia,"Heaps of fun. If you enjoyed Borderlands, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,394230,23155275,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ReieaMk3,"The gameplay is amazing!  Each character plays very differently,  and it's hard to choose my favorite. Only gripe is that they're needs to be more story missions and maps. Overall I really like this game."
,Recommended,394230,23968294,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,inexist93,"I love playing all the borderlands games and this game adds to my favorites list, I expect great things from this game.MOBA meets borderlands I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,394230,24113509,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,A Y M A N,Great game. Some of the characters are in-balanced but its amazing. The characters have too much health but its very addictive and the pvp is so much fun. Who would not love a fps with unique skills and collectables :D
76561198042256472,Recommended,394230,34220911,Posted: 13 August,all,L0fth0use,"When the game Battleborn was released it was great, I always enjoyed playing it bt then it started, yep! The que to wait to join a game, it got so bad i didnt go back to it until a big update..I started playing and it was going ok and then,yep you guessed it, the waiting game to join got so bad i had to leave it again.I tried again today and i waited and wated for a match and nothing. such a shame as £24.99 is a lot of cash to just sit in your list doing nothing..If the next update inludes this fix i will be back but until then.....Gameplay 10/10, To be kept ocupied 10/10, Value for money a big fat ZERO"
76561198318192844,Not Recommended,394230,29039891,Posted: 5 January,all,ThatBakerMan,"It's actually a good game but the playerbase is just too small......also, can't teabag."
,Not Recommended,394230,23561742,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MrEnglish (Goose),"Really wanting to like this game, but it just isn't happening.It seems like there is a lot of potential here, but I'm just not enjoying it compared to LoL or HotS as MOBAs, or other FPS games. Not to mention the various bugs I've encountered in various parts of the game, the performance issues on certain maps... I could go on, but I won't. I got the digital deluxe edition with the season pass, and not really sure at this point what I should have expected to get with the announce of major marketplace changes (read: microtransactions in a game I paid for already) and no mention of what it means for season pass holders, or solid timeline dates for further character releases.The style of the game is very on point, and the story is very rich and I wish I could have more of that, but it just seems a lot more wasted potential there."
76561198117441730,Not Recommended,394230,30764024,Posted: 26 March,all,Ultra trash 1995,This game was not fun. Battleborn seemed okay at first but constant game breaking glitches ruined the experience. The multiplayer is dull and if you do not have friends to play with you better hope the random people you get paired up with want to play the same missions as you. Overall Battleborn was a huge letdown and just a unpleasent experience.
,Recommended,394230,23209644,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Red,I'm addicted. In a good way.
76561198006577734,Not Recommended,394230,23569827,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,71Dana,"If you are an Australian, or likely to connect to the same servers, DON'T buy this game, sadly there are NO players.This is another great game that the community abandoned.  I guess todays gamers can't stand complexity.Limited maps, and poor matchmaking information didn't help either."
,Recommended,394230,29463292,Posted: 24 January,all,LOLI RAVIOLI,FREE TO PLAY
,Recommended,394230,30210271,Posted: 26 February,all,Sikowny,"This game has a lot to offer, you just gotta pick it up and try it. The more the merrier.There's not a lot of people playing, but that's becuase no one knows how much fun they could have.If you dont like the PvP, play some story missions. They're fun to do anytime you like."
,Recommended,394230,22773558,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Toozday's Child,"A great hero shooter with a fully-sleshed out campaign in addition to multiplayer, and with the excellent humor we've come to expect form the Borderlands team."
,Recommended,394230,22773012,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Toasterbagl,"Below Is my review from Release. I' just game back to the game hoping to jump into a match and enjoy. I was dissapointed. I remember the game being hilarious and very entertaining. Sadly, it would seem this game has no community anymore. I would highly encourage 2k to give players a reason to come back so I can continue to enjoy the game. I doubt that will happen.PROVE ME WRONG 2K!!!!!!!-----------------------------------------------------------------Ill start with the negatives.I disagree with this games art style. I find it to flashy, over stimulating (to be point of border line motion sickness) and too saturated with intense colors. The cut scenes are 2D animated, and I have some trouble relating emotionally to some of the music choices. I've had minor technical issues that are still there from open beta. If you wait 6 months to a year, this game could easily have been designed as a free to play game, and will probably make that transition.With the previously stated complaints out of the way, I have this left to say.I LOVE this game. I know I just typed a paragraph about the things I hate, but this game is so ****ing fun. And the writing and dialogue between characters is really well done. I was in the open beta, and snap-bought the Digital Delux on Steam.  A week ago I asked for a vacation day at work so I could play during the release. I DO NOT regret it."
76561198109731381,Recommended,394230,22889672,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,¤PgC¤™Trafalgar Law,It's basically a FPS Dota 2!I like it
76561198049646261,Recommended,394230,23356432,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Snapcap,"I was fortunate enough to buy this game on sale, and at the price point I paid for it, I am very pleased.  I do understand those that were upset after paying full price, and see it go on sale. This happens not just in games, but in all free market products, but it still is aggravating.  This is my first Borderland's franchise purchase.The postives:1. The Art style is stunning and a real joy to play in.1. The story liines are fun, For me they alone justify the price. There are diferent mods offering some replaybility.3. The voice acting is fantastic.4. The game runs very well. I'm running an i5-4689k paried with 32g and R9 Fury card and I'm at the 60fps constantlyCons:1. The AI is dumb. So much so that, fighing with the bots is not the least bit challenging.2. Could use a slight blalnce pass. Some characters shine, right now and some ohters not so much.3. The PVP is fun, despite the beforemention balance issue, it's fun and challenging. I have never played a MOBA style game to compare it with, but is very interesting.Overall, I would say it's worth the price on sale."
76561197982067351,Recommended,394230,32212366,Posted: 5 June,all,DarkiLordito,"Great game, few players. Personally i got 60+ hours just on the singleplayer, so i'm definitely recommending it.The gameplay can be a bit repetetive, as most of the campaign revolves around killing waves of enemies, but i personally find it very fun. The skills each character can upgrade are very varied and add a lot of replayability, especially when paired up with gears.I find the multiplayer to be way more fun then the singleplayer. The modes are based around working with your team to complete objectives, while trying to kill the enemies. The thing i like the most is how getting kills isn't more important then, for example, destroying bots or sentries. Teamwork, collecting shards, building and escorting bots is essencial and really fun, definitely my favorite part of the multiplayer. I don't know how easy it is to find matches, so be wary. (There's also no servers on south america)"
,Recommended,394230,22794048,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Hibernia,This game is sooooooo much fun. Totally worth every penny. The story is engaging and the multiplayer is even more exciting.  Be prepared to be addicted.P.S. I saw some reviews about AMD GPUs having issues. I have a MSI R9 390 and have had absolutely no issues.
76561198043831590,Not Recommended,394230,25268997,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Soyson3,"I played this game more than 500 hours. This is a really fun game, but it has died.If you are a solo, there's no support and no chance to enjoy"
76561198040128516,Not Recommended,394230,23590775,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[iTG] Vehnom,"Alright. I got this game on pre-order with all the goodies that came along with it.Initally- it was awesome. Loved it, we got in groups pretty fast and that was fun. But, after doing the same missions twenty thousand times, you get bored.Then Overwatch came out and the player base tanked.I had high hopes for this game because it comes from the creators of Borderlands! One of my all time favorite games!But they really need to roll out some new maps and missions because doing the same stuff over, and over and over and over and over and over, gets really boring really fast.Initally I would have said- yes buy this game!But now-- a month later same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over, nope. don't bother."
,Recommended,394230,23438663,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,methos_fisto,"excellent mix of FPS and MOBA tropes, for an average to bad ""pure FPS"" player like me the moba aspects (minions , buildables, charachter evolution during the match) allow to always participate and have something useful to do.No need to be a real sniper with lightning reflexes to play and enjoy the game.The only drawback, too few people gave it a chance and the community is thin (too much comparisons with overwatch who rolled over it in terms of marketing)"
76561198252164240,Recommended,394230,24225101,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GreenLightnan,It's a lot of fun to play. I just wish there was more people playing it.
,Not Recommended,394230,29127916,Posted: 8 January,all,Pizzaguy121,"Do not buy full price. $60 is not worth a lack of multiplayer community.  2/3 of the people who still play this game only play the campaign. Only buy this game if it's only sale. And never buy this solo, you NEED to bring your friends, I would compare it to payday to bring your friends but payday is good.The campaign is fun atleast."
76561197991481675,Recommended,394230,22786373,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Terodar,"Excellent game, imagine playing borderlands but then also having the option to play dota or domination with the same characters."
,Not Recommended,394230,23331571,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,[72Vs] Hentai,"alright, now im not saying this is a bad game here. but me as a player who likes to do a fair bit solo finds this game to bet very very boring. imagine a borderlands without the excessive guns. and enemies with 10X health. after a good 45-50 minutes of pumping lead into the 3 bosses i fought i found it all painfully lack luster.im sure with friends you can get a good laugh or two in while taking these Bozos out, but if youre more of a solo kinda guy i do not recomend."
76561198004596171,Recommended,394230,22883574,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lord Tragicz,"I love this game! It is a great mix of fps, moba and hero shooter. The battle born are really cool and unique. It is also really funny. Well it is from the creators of Borderlands. It has so much going on that I can't wait to watch this game get bigger and better! Come on in and go crazy!"
75561198059783995,Not Recommended,394230,25611993,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Professorkls,The game is DEAD.
76561198053219148,Not Recommended,394230,23927132,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Choco,"Takes too long to find a game, used to be able to find a game within 5-10 mins. Now even after 45mins of searching, still unable to gather enough players to start an actual game. More like i'm playing a waiting game instead."
,Recommended,394230,29674051,Posted: 3 February,all,Mr. Salad,"I may or may not be the first to say this but I feel that in a way this game SHOULD go free 2 play becouse it would open up for more people to jump in rather then having to buy it. sorry to say this but not many are willing to spend their money on battleborn for obvious reasones *coagh* Overwatch *Coagh* but it dosnt necessarely mean its a bad game far from it. So far the game features a coopretive campaign with some operations and 3 gamemods that are pvp/pve hybrid. it uses a leveling system were you can spend your ""levelpoints"" on augmentations. these augmentations will either buff or change the way your abilities and weapons will handle. so far I haven't encountered any overpowered augment that completely breaks the match in a way. the pvp is pretty balanced and I didnt run into any sort of character that would forever be hated or is just simply unbalanced. looking at you Blizzard *coagh* Bastion *coagh* Mei *coagh*Pros: suprisingly fun to play, pretty neat characters, An actual sorta complete story, No Lootbox RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Cons: Not very well optimized, some missions in the campaign can feel a bit repeatative, its somewhat hard to find a match but not impossible did manage to find some in just a few minutes of search.I'd give it a 8/10. not the best out there. but it deserves more then just being called a Ripoff.And one final note: Randy Pitchford Please stop making an♥♥♥♥♥of yourself. you already embaressed yourself on reddit you don't have to make it far worse then it already are -.-"""
,Not Recommended,394230,24194529,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Neuro,"Terrible balancing patches.  A PvE campaign that's super short and not all that replayable.  Mind-numbingly ridiculous changes to the way PvP game modes are chosen.  Stupid map voting system.I bought the digital deluxe edition of this game at launch and thought it was really fun.  While certain aspects weren't perfect, I thought things would improve as the game matured and the devs had time to improve things.  I was wrong.  Everything just got worse, and I mean everything.  Game performance seemed to go from great during beta to only mediocre with crazy FPS drops in certain places.  Heroes who didn't need nerfs got them...and not small nerfs either.  Heroes who needed buffs didn't see any tuning passes at all.  The game went from letting you choose your PvP game type to letting you choose between only competitive matchmaking and casual matchmaking so that game mode was determined entirely by a stupid map vote.Then they added a cash shop.  Having to unlock heroes despite paying nearly $100 for the digital deluxe was dumb too.  All in all, I'm so disappointed in this game and the direction it took.  What started as a fun game with a lot of promise and room for improvement turned into a total turd that made every wrong move possible."
76561198079436078,Not Recommended,394230,23625226,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Scoobs,"A good game overall, really enjoy the amount of detail put into each hero. The combat is fun and skill based but still easy to grasp for newer players, however, there seem to be just a lack of content compared to the price of the game. The story mode is fun... for about an hour, it seems to be the same mission repaeted over and over, fight from point to point, escort, and defend against waves. The multiplayer is very fun and engaging, but this is still a very new game and already its taking me 7 or more minutes to fill a match, and the gamemode i like to play (incursion) only has 2 maps. Just not good value here, fun but empty servers keep me from enjoying it. Oh uh, also the matchmaker likes to watch lvl 1-4 suffer at the hands of lvl100's not sure whats up with that."
,Not Recommended,394230,23566995,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Oxycodone,"This isn't Gearbox and 2K's finest work. Borderlands and Borderlands 2 were both amazing, The Pre Sequel was diabolical, and Battleborn is starting to slide towards it.There are positives; the game's writing is top notch, i love the art style, gameplay is fun and the heroes are imaginative.However for a full price game, the content is far too repetitive (although better than Overwatch), the fact you have to grind for heroes is ridiculous considering how much i paid for the game in the first place, the PvP is pretty much dead as of making this review, and the few that are left are either hackers or very high level. And now they introduce microtransactions?If this game gets heavily discounted at some point in the future, then i'd reccomend buying it, until then i'd stay away and go play DOOM. (Not Overwatch, as that's even more overpriced than this right now)"
,Recommended,394230,22773778,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,thisfuckinguy,Dope
,Recommended,394230,22772283,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ǝⅎᴉʅ ʎɯ puǝ,Played it for an hour.Got hooked.Played versus.Matched against the same dudes 3 times.Still fun.Also ehm... For some reason one of the missions was kinda weird seeing as the npc had no animations?Still fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥though. Gives off the borderlands vibe but with even greater voice acting and more characters.Less explosions though :(
76561197971181521,Recommended,394230,24134940,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Stabjack,Decent if you have a decent team.
,Recommended,394230,23153222,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,0ccasionaltroll,"Once again, Gearbox has put out a product with amazing characters, fun dialogue, and an action-packed world.with the match lengths running between 15-30 minutes on average, I'd recommend this game for play sessions to the tune of an hour or two at a time so you don't burn out too quickly, but it is insanely fun!"
,Recommended,394230,23349023,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Rawesome,"This is a great game that just didn't advertise itself as well as Overwatch. I have played both games, it's safe to say the only thing they have in common is they are hero based. For that reason, I don't believe they should be competing games even though the media is always comparing. Buy both! Battleborn deserves your money! My friends and I have a blast playing through the story missions on co-op and the competitive matches are so varied because of all the great heroes. I find myself wanting to try all of them and i don't really have a clear favorite. Even the community plays varied characters and there isn't really one character that someone always tried to get. I don't normally get into these types a games, but its a good competitive balance. It saddens me to see so many negative reviews of such an entertaining and unique game. Thank you Gearbox and 2K! I'm sorry people can't see what a great game you've made."
,Recommended,394230,22773751,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,DarthDonnell,Amazing game. Reminds me alot of Awesomenauts but just 1000x better. Very funny characters. The gameplay is smooth. It's a nice and steady fast paced game. Everything about it is very enjoyable and fun and it's different from the usual FPS games. 10/10
76561198050509706,Recommended,394230,22806800,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Hollywood Heartthrob Matt Dillon,Great game. Will be playing for quite a while.
,Recommended,394230,23443857,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,The Albatross,"Great art, very unique game mechanics.  A must have for any competitive game player."
76561198198134162,Recommended,394230,24347558,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Aeric,"Love the game, wish more people played on pc. ;w;"
76561198125921080,Recommended,394230,29368184,Posted: 19 January,all,teke,"pretty good game.got a bad rep when it started out, but with the price drops and the developers not abandoning it, even making massive updates, its more than worth it.9/10"
,Recommended,394230,27125033,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MisterSisterFister,this is by far one of the most fun games i have every played. it has hours of fun by your self or with friends on pvp or pve no matter what its always a blast to play!  sure there are not many players anymore but my hope is that some of you will purchase this game and make the player base higher and join the already super fun comunity! ^w^
76561197993266879,Not Recommended,394230,23042722,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,THE DUTCHMAN,"Boring, repetitive, totally not fun. I wish I had spent my money elsewhere."
,Recommended,394230,22870884,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VenomousBean,Montana spanking himself makes this game a 10/10
76561198024996313,Recommended,394230,22875165,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,mistehmen,"This is a great game.The visuals are colorful but neat and very distinctive.The Single-player mode can also be played in coop or multiplayer.Nice progression system for very detailed characters.The multiplayer is different from anything else you have played before.Its fast but not so much to make your head spin and you can be a very team-oriented player or a lone-wolf that secures camps, currency, turrets, etc.Every PvP match has been unique and can range from getting crushed in 5 minutes to a very intense back-and-forth nailbitter.You must at least try this game once. Its unique and well polished.It might not be for everyone, but it sure as hell is worth getting a good look at."
76561197983872312,Recommended,394230,22948716,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Nick,really well done
76561198046808398,Recommended,394230,23909881,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Smol Clod,"First and foremost I do reccomend Battleborn however I will mention some negative things about it that might turn some people off but really shouldn't.Pros:-This game is a FPS MOBA that works well and knows what it is.-The Devs are active players of the game and often respond to people's questions on forums and message boards.-There is a large cast of characters and all new characters added will be free.-The game is very humorus with both quips, one liners, and meta humor.-The story mode's dialoge changes each time you play and the players character will occasionally respond to the current situation.-The gameplay is fast paced and deep.-Plenty to do to keep someone playing.Cons:-In PVP some characters are still unbalanced.-A large amount of the gear feels the same and many legendaries don't have the best bonuses.-Not the best matchmaking times.-Not the best matchmaking (just finds players not specifics).TL;DR: Fun game especially with friends, interesting and fast gameplay. Difficult to grasp at first with minor balancing issues."
,Recommended,394230,30003727,Posted: 18 February,all,Kacie,"This game is actually really amazing. It's sad that the player base is so small. I really wish more people would give it the chance it deserves. Please, buy it, you won't hate it. Hell, even look for Gamestop or Humble Bundle promos to get it for really cheap. Just support the devs. This game is nothing like Overwatch. Do not compare the two.  It literally is mostly a Campaign game and then has the feature for versus. Getting costmetics for the characters is fairly easy with SHiFT codes every couple weeks or simply getting theme from legendary lootboxes occasionally, including taunts. But yeah, aside from all that. Just play it."
,Recommended,394230,27354371,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MeRRR,This game is fun. You should play it if you like fun games. I like fun games and I play it.
,Recommended,394230,22917802,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[WEA] Abdul,Very fun game if they keep going with new hero updates this can have an amazing future.
,Not Recommended,394230,34848860,Posted: 9 September,all,Krusty,abandoned
76561198121759640,Recommended,394230,28296775,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Um Num The Majestic Donut,"This is an amazing game and everyone should try it, its nothing like Overwatch"
,Recommended,394230,24977419,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jaune,"If Overwatch is annoying for you with the balance issues, and you want something to actually do in the game instead of farming for boxes full of cosmetics you already owns, give this game a try. Long life, mindful play, story mode. By the creator of Borderlands, you already know the gameplay is awesome !"
76561198149688508,Not Recommended,394230,29518260,Posted: 27 January,all,Puppetface,"So let me start this out by mentioning first off that this game was enjoyable to me.So lets talk about the fact this game started off as a 60 friken dollar(US) game launching at the exact time as blizzard, a much larger company with a greater history of enjoyable games, however they're not remotely comparable in gameplay, they are atleast comparable in the fact they're both a hero shooter. Blizzard had their advanced version of the game (Origins) avaliable for the base price of this game, while blizzard's base on Overwatch was 40bucks, so already this game loses out on being the more costly game, top this off with the fact that in their great wisdom they went ahead and launched the game alot earlyer then intended shipping out an unfinished game in hopes of getting it out before blizzard's great release.you got an unfinished game with a 60 buck price tag that had THE ♥♥♥♥♥EST MARKETING TEAM TO DATE.I hadn't heard of this game though any ad, or any commercial, i heard it though a family member who had been tracking the game for half a year or something before it came out, seriously, marketing team blew the donkey on this one.Lets move on to the actual game, first off, it's neat, a cool skill tree for every character, each character had alot of voice lines and several lines they would spit out during certain moments in the campaign missions, it had a decent amount of RPG feel to it that was really nice that felt similar to borderlands 2 but faster pace. The pvp was really neat and honestly one of the more balanced moba-like experiences that i had where i didn't want to rip all my hair out and glue it to the dog before running out into the nearest street quacking at cars. During the beta there were some cases in which a hero would be slightly too powerful with a certain item loadout but when that happened, devs would normally disable whatever weapon or item passive that was causing certain heroes to be alittle too strong, they were really quick with it normally!They recently made improvement attempting to pull numbers back to the game, all 25 core heroes are now free, base game lowered to 30bucks, improved HUD, Quest system added, new battleborn. but now i have a new gripe microtransactions ok, so i know i shouldn't really be complaining after they listened to the community and fixed so much, but it's like imagine being an old player(like me who played during betas) who spent that 60 bucks, you come back to the game and find like a good 2 changes(the price changes doesn't effect old players who've already bought the game, nor is a new battleborn something that is going to pull old players back to the game) and see they've added a premium currency for people to buy and have given you nothing for having spent that 60 bucks before they hacked the price in half because the game was slowly starting to die, this honestly does nothing but develops alot of bitterness in old players, We bought your game when it was unfinished for an unholy 60bucks, promised to see it though, told our friends to give it a look, and you add microtransactions and unlock all of the 25 core heroes we spent time progressing to unlock because you want some last effort to pull players in.all and all, get the game if you want to support more of the devs♥♥♥♥♥♥poor planning and enjoy borderlands 2 fart humor or maybe if you enjoy sitting in lobbies, that is also a great reason to get this game."
76561198079521157,Recommended,394230,22797949,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rats Rats Rats,10 out of 10 would fight crazed bloodthirsty robots again.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome
,Recommended,394230,22774806,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TheD.VaThatCrapsInTheHood,"Very solid gameplay. Evidently, the gameplay-mechanics have had some serious work done on them, the helix-skill-system works as marketed, and the gun-play has a nice, somewhat organic, feel to it. Additionally, both the in-game, animated 3D, and 'especially' the hand-drawn anime-styled chinematics, are among the most well-made I've ever seen, and are very immersive.As a point of reference as to the general feel of the gameplay; the online game-modes and overall experience is quite reminiscent of games like Team Fortress 2, Super Monday Night Combat, and the upcomming game, Overwatch, by Blizzard. The campaign, on the other hand, is more reminiscent of games in the Borderlands IP, which should not come to anyone's big suprise, given that Battleborn is made by the same developer. The feel of coop-story-mode is quite a break from the norm too; there is a wide variety of experiences provided, linear story missions, boss-battles, and the tower-defence experiences, which especially, make for a real blast.If you like Borderlands, SMNC, or Overwatch, I would definately recommend that you take a shot at Battleborn. It is a really solid game."
76561198056429996,Recommended,394230,22773035,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,EbilReaper,The beta was really fun and so is the actual game! Actually it's even more fun! I can't get enough of this game! I love the campaign it's really fun with or without other people. The online matchmaking is super fun especially with friends even without friends it's a good challenge and a lot of fun! 10/10 in my opinion.
76561198012253984,Recommended,394230,22772962,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,OldManWilly,Just a amazing game... That is all.
,Recommended,394230,22777429,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,AssAssinVince~Desu,love it
76561197983418885,Not Recommended,394230,23608949,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,tauemperor,"TLDR: One of those times where I love the game, but the developers are coloring my opinion. I love this game and its gameplay, but Gearbox has been screwing the pooch so bad I have to give it a negative review :(This game is one of those few times where the gameplay itself is amazing and fun to me, but the way the developers are handling the game is warping my view of it. This game was already highly priced at 60 dollars, slightly too high in my opinion, but I purchased it anyways. Within a week and 1/2 of purchase the game was on sale at 40%, the developers gave no real discussion with the playerbase and left me feeling slapped in the face. After no real talk with the playerbase we receive a newsletter that let's us know that they will sell you skins now with no ingame currency options!!! That is so offensive I have to give this game a negative review; I have already spent 80 dollars on this game and 20 on a season pass so to try and further charge me after everything else leaves me very angry, feeling insulted, and making me actively choose to not give any money or time to Gearbox until I hear something has changed or been acknowledged."
,Recommended,394230,22790026,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Thiede,Like Boderlands and Smite had a beautiful baby.
76561197997788148,Recommended,394230,22809012,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DontEatSmurfs,"the game is fun but before buying think about this first, dont buy this if you dont care about pvp, this game is meant to be played meshing some PVE with the PVP, this game is not another moba...you need to AIM your gun, there are critical hits if you lend shots at enemy head and different dmg by limb you are shooting, its highly skill based and if you think you just need to point your gun and shoot ...i have bad news you fella....otherwise this game is a nice buy, i loved playing the beta and im loving playing it now, the cheesy lines that the BBs say and the crazy maps was enough to hook me since from the beggining, if you are questioning yourself about buying this, go watch some videos, this game really needs more attention than what its getting right now"
76561198274534224,Not Recommended,394230,22991254,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,supermcnugget,fix your matchmaking game is so crap me my friends lvl 10 and we go up against lvl 60s what in the world id that 5 ppl lvl 10 against 5 ppl lvl 60 wth
76561198139409864,Recommended,394230,23877244,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LordOfAnarchy,"Why do people keep comparing Overwatch and Battleborn?!? These are 2 completely different games. I play both and find that they are each different in their own ways. Sure Battleborn is a little rough around the edges, but what game isn't when all you do is look at what is wrong with it or what it could have been. Normally I would just sit back and stay quiet, but right now I'm tired of all the crap that this wonderful game and Gearbox are getting. I can honestly say that I am waiting with bated breath for what Battleborn and its community will become in the future."
76561198139470112,Recommended,394230,29480080,Posted: 25 January,all,harambear,honestly battleborn is amazing it is really a miracle it didnt win against overwatch but has one glaring problem player base the matchmaking takes so long its almost unforgivable the main reason i see the game getting bad reveiws is mainly this problem witch is kind of wierd seeing as not many people are playing it because of this mixed review so in a nutshell stop giving the game bad reviews or it will have even ledd people playing
,Recommended,394230,22964383,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,"dr. slit juice, MD",This game is so so so much fun. Especially to play with others. A MOBA and FPS combination that plays in its own way. Not comparible to Overwatch. It's a different experience. So many different ways to play with the various heroes. The graphics are reminiscent of Legend of Zelda Windwaker. Such a cool game. Also Del raps on it.
,Not Recommended,394230,22992200,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jinoshi,"Right from the get-go the game felt like it was grindey, I had an issue where keyboard and mouse controls responsiveness was slow by half a second which is very bad in a FPS style game, and the vibrant 2d style graphics draw attention away from the main focus of the game so it became annoying too play. Ended up returning after around an hour."
,Not Recommended,394230,23968632,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,bigsexy,I fart in the general direction of the developers of this game. This game had so much potential! To bad their is some sort of mind fu*k*ry going on at Gearbox softsh*t they released an ALPHA game. 2 non exciting maps each for 3 styles of game play(...umm... what only 2 you say?)everyone hates the other maps and other game styles SO now its just 1 map(ohk)that you keep playing forever.Then they drip feed you constant fixes/character OP fixes and wait whats this new characters? but what? I have earn them? with in game coins? by playing this sh!t game?! But I can buy them with my hard earned money that I already wasted on this game?!Delete
,Recommended,394230,29686653,Posted: 3 February,all,Typhlosionater,"10/10I absolutely love this game; it's fun, addictive, has got great characters and good story something which most games of this kind don't have which is a nice change of pace plus it allows you to learn characters and become connected with them, the style is charming yet still cool looking and the it has a nice amount of humor, which I love in games. The only bad thing I can think of is that it's hard to find a match because not many people play it, that's not a complaint, it's just I wish more people would play it because it's an amazing game, too bad it was basically ignored thanks to the overwatch.Thank you gearbox and 2k games for making and sticking by this game even after overwatch."
76561198020564174,Not Recommended,394230,27335858,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eryn X Tiara,I love the game but don't buy it if you have an AMD gfx card.
,Recommended,394230,29399131,Posted: 21 January,all,lowbrassdude,"If this recent update has proved anything it's that developers do listen to gamers and are willing to make a game that was almost as good as Overwatch, into a game that is just as good if not better than Overwatch. The new updates on the menu, characters, campaigns and whatnot are fantastic. If you enjoy games like Team Fortress, Smite, Overwatch, Borderlands, Paladins or any well made MOBA, please pick this game up. The price point is perfect and we need a larger player population!"
,Not Recommended,394230,26985324,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Cute Kitty,"It's a beautiful game and a wonderful change of direction for Gearbox, however thanks to some screw ups in the matchmaking the game falters. I won't mention the complaints about optimization or displays, since I personally had no difficulty and I won't act like I have.It is to my great discomfort that I must not recommend this game to others. My first and foremost accusation would be to the PR personnel who decided to throw Battleborn out at the same time as Overwatch; thereby competing against Blizzard, even if this was intentional or not. Back in those days it seemed that everyone was comparing Overwatch and Battleborn, despite the two being totally different genres. Anyways, I insist that I'm not pro Blizzard and anti-Gearbox.My second complaint is a rather common one if you read through the forums. Matchmaking. It's absoutely hideous. What few players exist in Battleborn at this point compared to Day 1 are confined regionally, rather than an unrestricted matchmaking system. If anything could change the downwards spiral at this point, it'd be fixing the Matchmaking. Unfortunately no word on a fix from Gearbox has reached me so I guess this is set in stone.Final words. Look at the prices. What was originally 75-80 dollars for me on day one is now 16.49 at 78% off. The prices alone show you how poorly this game is going. Aside from the disappointment of seeing something I loved and enjoyed, made friends through and actually wrote a guide on crumble to dust before my eyes via the passage of time...... I'm just going to leave things like that. I've got a carton of ice cream waiting for me somewhere."
,Recommended,394230,25580855,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Renegade,Really good game i love playing it just need a larger community playing it and this isnt because its a bad game it came out when overwatch came out i also love overwatch am lvl 137 in overwatch so i can say with certainty this game is nothing like overwatch it is its own unique original ideas the story is fun and funny the modes are fun they the devs just to market this game now that overwatch hype has simmered down coming back out with people trying to play would get the player base up and it would be perfect the only flaw in this game is player base size thats litterally it so maybe taking time to do advertisments get steam to put it on front store page and try to get hype to play it would do this game justice .
,Recommended,394230,22919336,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,JessTheHobbit ♡,"So far 4 hrs on game. 10/10 so far. I haven't played many MOBA games, but this one I am quite enjoying. I mostly brought due to the fact I am a huge fan of borderlands and just knew this would be great since after all the creators created this game!Brought the digital deluxe, so I am looking forward to the DLC's. I was in need of a game I could play for a while. This forsure will be it! Looking forward to playing many more hours :-)"
,Recommended,394230,22920728,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SendRopePlz,"this game is amazing in my opinion. i really enjoy the humor, the characters are interesting, plus whats not to like? its made by the creators of BORDERLANDS (bias i know but hear me out). either way the game has 2 maps per game mode with characters more badass than even i thought. plus i enjoy the game. oh and anything about an OP character is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, everyone can be beaten with every character. i killed galilea with miko, so its dam easy"
76561198024920910,Recommended,394230,22776487,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ThePuddingDead,"I can't say I'm one for writing reviews of anything really.  But honestly, Gearbox and 2K earned my two cents worth of words.I've been burned by pre-orders before, and since then I've always believed that those practices should be answered by the choice of the customers wallets.  And for 6 years, I've stayed away from anything involving pre-orders.  But Gearbox and 2K earned it doing several good moves that showed that really SHINED with this new IP.Battleborn is a fascinating mix between MOBA-esque elements of co-op, combined with fast-paced FPS action.  The title itself bleeds style; from the artstyle, the universe, the characters, the soundtrack and the spectacular writing.  If anyone that reads this has played the Borderlands games in the past, you will feel right at home with it's style of humor.  What keeps those that are in it FOR the writing is the fact that it doesn't grow old and in fact feels fresh and new for each mission, so the jokes don't get repeated for sometime, creating more memorable moments with each play.Now when it comes to the subject of whether this title is worth the $60+ price tag, it honestly feels like it is.  From the fully voiced, mission based storyline, which can be played both SINGLE PLAYER AND CO-OP, to the expansive multiplayer experience offering 3 modes of play, with 25 characters total to build up your roster, each with there own roles and playstyles to try out, to the fact THE SERVERS ACTUALLY WORK ON LAUNCH with few if ANY dc's, it's been a very worthwhile experience.The only few downsides I can say that ARE present is there are a few bugs, one involving bugging out a final boss on a stage I experienced in hour 4 of playing, some minor graphical errors like a purple box over some UI elements in the chat, but that is all I have experienced thus far from my own playthrough, which of course doesn't speak for everyone else.All in all, I'm EXTREMELY satisfied with my purchase, and to anyone else that reads this, if this review helps you decide on whether or not this new IP is right for you, I wholeheartedly applaud you.  And if it doesn't, don't just take MY word for it, I HIGHLY recommend watching Totalbiscuits' Youtube review taken while the game was going through it's Open Beta stage.  He's a very educated gentlman on the subject of these things and he goes indepth with his discussion.  I'll provide the link in the bottom of my review.Thank you for your time and consideration and happy hunting! ;Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PVYZGOJrH4"
,Recommended,394230,23898090,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Storm,"More people need to play this game. Look there are reasons for why (most) of the problems are the way they are. I bought this game the first day it came out and was it worth it? You bet your candy a** it was. Was it tedious to unlock the characters? No, not really, it was me playing the game with characters that I probably would've played firsthand even if givin the option of all the others. Now I get it if people don't want to unlock the characters and you just want to play without the hassle, and I can understand that, but you honestly just can't say a game is bad with that as a reason.I know the balancing isn't too well done but c'mon, games like tf2 are still patching things in game because it's not perfect. No multiplayer is perfect. And the matchmaking with the levels is just something that the devs have to fix in time, but they can't do anything about the time for finding a game! I mean when only so many people are playing a game, only so many matches are going to be availible, and if you let those people who gave this game a couple of trys repel you from buying it, then your making it worse than it already was.Look all in all, it isn't a bad game. A game is like an investment, the more people spend in it, the more the devs will spend time in it (hopefully). It's your choice but I recommend it. Get it on sale if you arn't sure and after the first match, don't quit, because then you've just wasted time, money, and energy."
01110111011000010,Recommended,394230,22924931,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Energy Drink,"Honestly I had alot of fun with this game. I find the game very charming and pretty to look at and I especially like the humor in it. I'm a fan of the Borderlands series so I didn't see a way how I couldn't like it.Every character has their own unique personality and skills. I find the characters to be pretty solid. You may not like them or find them generic at first, but I found that people warm up to them over time.Some people would compare this to another game such as Overwatch, but this isn't the case at all. As I've played both I can safely say that they are VERY different games with their own thing going for them. There's no need to compare them.Campaign is basically like Borderlands without the loot and way more characters. The Helix upgrade system is pretty nice especially for multiple playthroughs of levels. Also not to mention that every time you start up a mission again, there's different voice lines to hear, which is one of my favorite things about the campaign.Some people might find the campaign weird or not fun for various reasons. I find it pretty fun. I love the characters and bosses during the campaign and definitely ask people to give it a try.Moving on, Multiplayer has;Capture: Your basic Capture Point/Domination type game mode.Incursion: A game mode where you and your team push to destroy 2 objectives which are giant sentries with shields on them. Generally needing minions to bring down the shield while the players kill it with focus fire to win.And Meltdown: A game mode where you escort minions into the enemy's base to be sacrificed for points.I enjoy playing every game mode but by far my favorite has to be Incursion mode as I find it to have the most replayability.Multiplayer is the general MOBA setup of 5 VS 5 set ups going at eachother with varying teams of characters. You need a bit of team coordination or you're going to end up getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked. But for the most part it has a familiar play to your average MOBA game such as League of Legends or DOTA. Outplay opponents with your use of skill synergies and farm up XP for pushes and engagements.I find every character excels in some way at doing certain things, and with that I find that there isn't too much that's severely imbalanced, at the time of this review, the only one I can really say is too strong would be Galilea for various reasons. I haven't felt that anybody is broken otherwise.There's supposed to be an update soon to fix imbalances and such. The game is still pretty fresh, give them some time fix it up a bit. I know nowadays people aren't a fan of rough releases and such, but have some patience. Stuff will be fixed if enough people point it out. Even giant companies who release games on much larger scales have day 1 problems due to unforseen circumstances.If there's any cons to put about the game, it'd definitely lie with the strange gear system and the character unlocks.I don't find the gear system to be terrible, I just find it's strange to have your gear rely on RNG boxes you buy or pick up during campaign.I'm usually not too opposed to unlocking things in-game as it has something to work towards, but characters shouldn't have such high requirements in some cases. Being a game you have to buy for 60 dollars, it's strange to see a game with nearly every character locked right away. I'm not too picky, but easier ways to obtain characters you WANT to play early on would definitely benefit it.I have to say, the game is definitely hit or miss with people. I find the game very fun though and give it my full support and hope to see the game shine through eventually. As I said before, people should just have a bit of patience when it comes to new releases."
,Not Recommended,394230,22981714,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Lokly,"Months later, i have to say this:-------------Battleborn? More like Stillborn, ~120 players per day. PER DAY.People are adressing whats wrong, people are willing to point the flaws, but they (devs) just would not listen, apparently they don't want to save their game.I am in so much fear for Borderlands, considering how mediocre was The Pre-Sequel..-------------Ok, so i've edited my review, maybe now it will be more clear what i want to say about this game.Main issues:1. Oversaturation of colors makes it hard to play for me, i have something wrong with my right eye and it gets tired too hard (it gets tired even if i drive in the evening from the lights around me).2. Playing a melee battleborn in a multiplayer mode is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because it is unreadable most of the time. As an avid moba player i find this unacceptable.3. FPS issues are still there, they are unbearable in one single player mission, somewhat bearable in others, and mostly decent in multiplayer. Phenom 2 1075, HD 7970, 8gb ram.4. I've never encountered a hacker while i was playing but reading subreddit makes me sad that there are hackers. I thought that would become an issue since you are using the same engine as in Bornderlands.5. Single player campaign is a marketing move and a joke, it doesn't stand up to what it was hyped for. The only two legit interesting missions we already seen during free play time. Every mission after that isn't good at all.6. I had to replay co-op campaign three times because one enemy monster fell under the texture and we could not kill him (Talking about playing the game for 8 hours here, lmao).7. Sound is poor. Music isn't setting the tone and can't support the pace. Sometimes it is too quiet for no reason. In game sound doesn't speak to the player about what is going on around him. In other co-op (moba mostly) games sound helps the player to recieve important information about current state of the battle, in battleborn this isn't working at all.So other minor issues:Matchmaking isn't here, if it is - it doesn't work. How does score system works is a riddle too, it's hard to keep myself in game if i have only 2 score points while at the same time i've been runing around objectives like a dingo while also saving my teammates as Boulder.  Some mechanics were never explained to the player which makes it even harder to learn to play. Hero unlocking systen isn't justified and it reminds me of Call of Duty MW 1 and 2, which was 10 years ago and was fine back then, but now it doesn't do any good for the game. By the way why am i forced to watch intro cuntscene and play prologue again after i log in from my laptop? And as a final note some legendary items are plain broken, which makes some battleborn broken especially against inexperienced players."
,Recommended,394230,23632833,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Stratty,Wait...this ain't Overwatch.I still like it though.
76561198108298917,Not Recommended,394230,26699044,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Hard Thinker,"this game is dead, the quies are way to long and if you DO get to play, you will be destroyed by people who spent way to much time on that game. The only sollution I see is this game becomes Free to Play nothing else, otherwise the biggest 2K project is going to become their bigest failure.  Im not sorry"
76561198027180760,Recommended,394230,27559884,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Squanch,"If you were convinced that this game was just an Overwatch copy like I was, WOW is that wrong. What an amazing game! If you are contemplating this game, DO IT, you won't regret. At least I certainly haven’t."
,Not Recommended,394230,34459121,Posted: 24 August,all,Brightlight,It's dead dont bother been since release
,Recommended,394230,30682052,Posted: 23 March,all,DEath_KIzer,"DOnt compair this game with paladins or overwatch. IT is a unique game in its like. I've enjoyed the prologue part, graphics is good, lighthings looks juicy. One think i feel bad is that no player is there to play pvp. Buy the game when in sale so that it would worth your money :D."
76561198028313354,Not Recommended,394230,23279793,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,FUUUUUUUU,"PVE is fun but If you want to play for PVP is not worth is sadly unbalanced heros, match makeing makeing unbalanced teams, and lack of content it was a waste of $60 should of waited for when it went on sale"
76561197962920169,Not Recommended,394230,23983343,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Arthonor,"The storyline/campaign is not there, it's a scam.Money back please.A few raids with random talk across the shooting, is NOT a storyline!"
76561197994307915,Not Recommended,394230,23570463,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Grundy,"I pre-ordered this game and have been postive from the start.The lag never bothered me, the broken PvP never bothered me and all the hate the game got never bothered me.I chose this game over 'the other game' because the other game had micro-transactions and even though the devs didn't say it clearly, they heavily implied that there would be no micro-transactions.Guess what? They are implementing micro-transactions.This is what bothers me.How long will it be legal for game companies to keep lying to us, the paying customer, and changing their business model way after we are able to refund the procuct?As customers who bought this game under certain pretenses should be refunded when the company decides to back pedal and change their business model.Everyone that simply says, “it is only cosmetic changes” are ignorant to the fact that these are in fact micro-transactions and many customers bought this game to avoid micro-transactions.I will never buy or support another Gearbox Software product ever again."
,Not Recommended,394230,22948499,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Quarantine,"Game sucks. Matchmaking is absolutely horrid, level 1s get paired up against full team of level 30+ chars. Story mode is pure chaos and not enjoyable at all, which is the main way to unlock new characters. Complete waste of $60, this game should cost $20 max. If you buy it prepare to be disappointed, it has great potential but the gameplay is ridiculously cartoony that has mechanics so different from any other shooter out there. The characters (heroes) are incredibly unbalanced and you only have an option for a few different choices or your going to have a bad time."
76561198131173945,Recommended,394230,23225712,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MikeyMaster96,"I have put 40+ hours into the game now and I think that's enough time give me credit to write an educated review.The Good:Art style-The art style of the game is bright and colourful  and I love it. It's just a really nice environment to play a game in.Heroes- I really like the variety of heroes available. I like everything about them from their design to their gameplay abilities to their character personalities. The character personalities that stood out to me were Oscar Mike, ISIC and Marquis. I felt these characters had the most unique and memorable personalities in the game. (On a side note, my favourite characters ATM are Whiskey Foxtrot, ISIC and Shayne and Aurox).No In-Game Transactions- You can unlock every hero, skin and other unlockable in this game without having to ever spend a penny. I don't see how this can be a bad thing.The Bad:Poor AMD preformance- I have heard reports from the depths of the internet that players using AMD graphics cards experience at times quite severe framerate issues. I use an AMD graphics card and it is no different for me. Even though I have multiple of the settings turned down to the lowest setting, various parts of the game were damn near uplayable. The story mission ""The Saboteur"" was especially bad for this. However, for the most part, the game is just about playable. I have been making do with this ""Just about playable"" preformance.Matchmaking- Ok, I am going to be honest here. The matchmaking is sh*t. There have been many times when I have gone into a multiplayer lobby and our team dosen't have anyone over level 35 where the enemy team will have multiple players who are level 60+ and maybe a few level 100s. Not only is the level matching terrible, but so is the skill matching.   This fact leads me onto my next point.Multiplayer Game Modes- Since the beta, my favourite game mode has been Meltdown. Having played League of Legends for a long time before beginning with Battleborn, this seemed like the most appealing and enjoyable game mode for me. At first it was and I was happy. But now, I am very unhappy with Meltdown. Games can be won or lost in a very short amount of time. Almost unfairly so. My current losing spree with Meltdown is 6 games and each one is the same: all of my team except me runs to the other lane from me so I am fending off a wave of minions and whatever enemies turn up to fight me. They usually end up dominating me as their skill is higher from the skill imbalance of the matchmaking. These enemy players, having gotten fed off of me, then proceed to gravitate to the other lane to get the rest of their team fed. Then our side of the map gets overrun, enemy minions getting sacrificed like crazy and we are so far behind that we just end up surrendering. All of this happens in the space of 10 mins. And I do recognise that what I have just said can factor in my skill as a player and that I could just be a crap player, but it seems that I am consistently matched against teams full of people who are better at the game than me.Repetitive story missions- I will say that Battleborn does have a good story to it but the story levels are done quite poorly. The levels are quite repetitive and do not offer anything new. This is how the story level ""The Renegade"" went: go to this place while killing an enemy here and there, defend this thing from enemies, go to another place and kill more enemies here and there, defend another thing from enemies, go to yet another place while killing yet more enemies, I think you get the point.If you have taken the time to read this all the way through, thank you. If not, here is a TLDR:The art style is great, awesome character design and variety, no in-game transactions are fantastic, AMD graphics users beware: you will most likley have graphics issues, matchmaking is pure sh*t, the multiplayer game modes need work and the story missions are repetitive.While Battleborn in its current state has clear and large issues, they do not stop me from enjoying Battleborn. I find that sampling each character in the different game modes is an enjoyable experience. I do like Battleborn and I do reccomend it, but it is far from perfect."
76561198031535125,Not Recommended,394230,23234056,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,adder_inf,"If they fix the bugs this could be a fun game, but not recommended until then.Lost 2/4 missions due to the boss plain bugging out, let me tell you it is quite fun to have to find a cliff to jump off of until you are out of lives because the boss is invincible.Again this could be fun but needs some massive bug killing first."
,Recommended,394230,22854777,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,jai,Good variety of characters. Interesting storyline.Fun fast pvp.😄
,Recommended,394230,22784707,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,OMGdoughnut,"Get off the fence and buy this game! Gearbox's radical sense of humour shines once again in a Borderlands/MOBA'esque setting!Only played a few hours of it but having a ton of fun. Even made a couple of new friends :3.Only issue I have is that in all the games I played, at least one member of the team disconnects. Not sure if that's because A) They didn't realise how awesome we were. B) We're actually quite poop or C) There's issues with the network.Either way, jolly fun!10/10"
76561197972331640,Not Recommended,394230,22994322,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Woolfe,"I really really wanted to like this game. But sadly, after trying to give it a good go, I have to say it was a HORRIBLE let down. the Single Player campaign, while fun, is nothing more than training missions with a poor excuse for a story linking them together; it was very very short at that.The Multiplayer is a joke and a let down. Match making is atrocious, the games are never balanced and if you don't get lucky right off the bat with a few kills, it seems you just fall farther and farther behind, to the point where it becomes pointless to even try to help. I've played plenty of MOBA style games, and I have to say I've not been nearly as disappointed with any of them in comparison... and they were CONSIDERABLY cheaper at that.3/10.... so wouldn't even gift this game to my worst enemy. Even they don't deserve to play this garbage. Not wroth the price tag, or the learning curve to really get good at it. Frustrations mounted so fast..."
76561198074626791,Not Recommended,394230,23899935,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vulcan Raven,the game is so dead that now it has a 50% discount
,Not Recommended,394230,23015751,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Gadzooks,"The game is goodThe game is funI cannot in sound mind recommend it however.Why? Simple. The games match making system is soooo horribly broken right now, you dont get to experience the ""good"" and ""fun"" part of the game very often.In co-op mode, you will find yourself only being matched with 1 or 2 other players a lot of the time, rather than a full group.And in competitive play, well... take a look at this screenshot to see how broken match making is.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=685572212And before you reply with ""Level doesnt mean anything""... WRONG. Here is how level means something.1. High rank typically means more experience playing the game modes. Knowing what you are supposed to be doing on a map is 50% of playing the game (the other 50% is skill). A team of all sub level 15s is very unlikely to know what the hell they are doing.2. Higher level players have most likely ranked up their preferred characters, unlocking the few extra helix upgrades for them. This isnt very likely for a lower level player.3. Higher level players have more time/experience put into playing their character, and experience playing against OTHER characters, and this makes a HUGE difference.4. Higher level also means you have opened more loot packs, which means you have had a much higher chance at getting optimal items for the match. Some level 10 players might not even HAVE some of the item bonuses yet.All of these things, ESPECIALLY #1 and 3, makes a competitive match like that set up in my screenshot, an AWFUL game. Typically, the lower level team will surrender 5 minutes in because they just get rolled due to lack of experience. If you do on rare chance end up on the higher level team, your game still gets cut short (ie: not fun) becuase the other team surrenders. Ether way, short games where the other team gives up IS NOT FUN.So until they fix the broken match making system, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198052139191,Not Recommended,394230,23503283,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Zanpa,"Gearbox tried to do a good pvp game, it has the ingredients but the results are not what you would expect from the creators of borderlands.Don't buy it until they've fixed the matchmaking and bugs. If they want to do so..."
76561198010298790,Not Recommended,394230,28314658,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,doez nuts,"good game, player base is WAAAAAY too low. have had the game for about a week now, havent found a single game yet."
,Recommended,394230,26307989,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Powerlust,"Honestly such a fun game, great characters and dialogue. The gameplay is fps style and has a co-op story/missions mode but also has pvp for team based fighting with others.Lots of varied playing styles with the different characters. Vibrant enviroments that are so pretty to look at.It's really good, worth a check out, but match making can take ages now compared to when it was new. It got overshadowed by the likes of Overwatch with the similar release dates, which is a shame, but it still manages to hold up a dedicated userbase... It's just best you try to find some potential team mates on groups too in case you're having a 'slow' day for matchmaking."
,Not Recommended,394230,25989734,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Stalinbrad,"I was really, really stoked for this game before it came out because I love gearbox, and I was enchanted with the characters. A lot of people don't really like the humor of the borderlands games or the storywriting behind them? But I did. I love the characters in Battleborn, and surprisingly the most -generic- looking one of them all, Oscar Mike, I think is probably my favorite. He's put into an interesting position that really only works with a universe that is as absurd as the battleborn universe. I enjoyed the story. I thought a lot of the co-op campaign was fun.But. Battleborn is a MOBA that does nothing to expand upon the concept of a moba in an interesting way. The main point of the game is absolutely the competitive multiplayer, and it's a damned shame it was handled so poorly. I think it might be because Battleborn was also intended for consoles,(Wherein you have a lot of players who would be turned off by the idea of dealing with a lot of the things MOBAs typically juggle.) but it has a sort of setup like HotS, where you have options, but they're very constraining. You have abilities and you can improve upon them and specialize them for certain things, but at most, your abilities' mutations will give you one utility or the other, and otherwise, won't have a significant impact. You can also buy equipment, but the most you can purchase is three, which are determined by loadouts. Loadouts can be changed on the main menu before you start a game. So basically, counter-building is non-existent unless you -expect- to see a certain hero and even then, it's basically betting on someone existing. This might seem like a minor gripe, but having the ability to choose things on the fly adds depths to mobas, in my opinion. Building to counter your opponents or press your advantage can have interesting effects.Of the gamemodes offered, the most unique boils down to a sort of frantic escort mission in which you're feeding robotic minions to the mouth of a giant trash compactor to please an insane AI. It's kind of goofy sounding, but in practice, it's a really frustrating gamemode that has a lot of stalemate problems, and again, is more or less just defending points and clearing minion waves while fighting another team that's trying to do the same thing. There's also a point capture mode and your standard push-the-towers down mode, though instead of there being three or two or five lanes, there's just the one. It makes sense for the way combat in Battleborn is set up, at least. The problem is, none of these gamemodes do anything interesting. There's no interesting tactics. There's not a lot of wiggle-room for this or that. It's monotonous and unsatisfying. At times, it feels more like the enemy team is just antagonizing you on your way to a goal than opposing you.Again, all of this leads to this: What is the point of this game? What exactly is Battleborn attempting to achieve? What about this experience is supposed to be unique and desirable? I can't see any of that. Slap that on a sixty dollar price tag, or seventy five dollar pricetag for the digital deluxe with the season pass and you've got a very unattractive package.The problem with Battleborn is that everything wrong with it is at the core of the experience. In order to fix this game, you'd need to rework and rebalance basically everything. So I don't see it getting any better any time soon which, again, is a damned shame. I really do find the characters endearing and interesting for the most part, and I think the designs of the battleborn are just fantastic.I know this game already has plenty of negative reviews, but I wanted to offer my two cents on it all. It's not that game sucks or lacks effort for me. I don't see this as a cash grab. It's just a big letdown, and Gearbox stepped into an arena they had absolutely no idea how to survive in."
,Recommended,394230,28750692,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TinyTerrorist,"Battleborn is a great game, but it is not worth the money unless it is on sale."
76561198083576371,Not Recommended,394230,26482067,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Evil Befall,"dont expect much from this game ;  gearbox doesnt even care about  pc players you have a complain about cheaters bugs you need to go to the gearbox forum   they wont respond on steam  this game has  no protection  against cheaters with aimbot  .  the achievment  to unlock character  legendary gear are stupid  you be forced to  pvp  if you want every character spefic if you like it or not  ,  but hey what do you expect from gearbox   ? they said  that they gonna beat overwatch    and they added    micro transactions  , if you realy want a great shooter game with cheat protection and no grinding  ,then play overwatch  because  this game is dead"
76561198148343893,Recommended,394230,28749677,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,xX_SWAGNEMITE420_Xx,love it!
,Recommended,394230,23330654,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,RoundTheBend,THIS IS NOT AN OVERWATCH CLONE. I\'ve played this game on PS4 and ♥♥♥♥ing LOVED it. I whole heartendly suggest it. My only issue is that my computer didn\'t run it at a good frame rate.
34200224201688735,Recommended,394230,24287345,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,tinyrick,very fun game even with friends and has a funny and good story line
,Recommended,394230,22849445,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,thealphajerk_,"it's just a fps aaa version of awesomenauts , but to me that's a good thing."
,Not Recommended,394230,26696224,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kapilathor,So i want to start by saying that i could not get a refund on this game just because i played more then 2 hours. I had so much hope for this game that it is not even funny. Do you think that a community can be really bad just at the start of a game ? Well Battleborne will prove that it can. I am just going to give my rating and be done with this game. If you have any questions how I gave any rating feel free to comment. Please keep in mind that this is my personal preferences:Story: 7Gameplay: 8Voice Acting/Music: 8Graphics: 8Depth: 4Flexibility: 3Reward System: 3Community: 1Total: 5.2/10
,Recommended,394230,22775367,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,SvenBrandt99,Amazinggg!!!!
76561197966549287,Not Recommended,394230,23042364,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Loop da loop,"Potentially fun, but the fact that it was such a poor launch with exploits, balancing, performance and terrible matchmaking issues has put me off.It might sort itself out given more time, but the issues should have been addressed prior to launch. There is no way I could recomend this to people in good faith."
,Recommended,394230,22870941,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Smash,BEST MOBA EVER!It's a work in progress but it's extremely balanced.Sure there needs to be some buffed characters/nurfed characters but other than that it's a really fun game to play with friends.
76561198047261425,Recommended,394230,23046615,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,C2MC,"I'm not a very long or in-depth reviewy guy so here's my two cents. Battleborn is getting a lot of flak over matchmaking issues and whatnot, and maybe it deserves it. But what it doesn't deserve is a very low player base and some very nitpicky reviews. You like Gearbox? You like stupid humour? You like a variety of characters to test buids on? You like to cram your fists/bullets into another player's face? Play Battleborn. It's a lot of fun, story or PvP. Party up with friends, have a good time.*Edited because I can't write three sentences without typos."
76561198029008889,Recommended,394230,22816086,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ralathar44,"So far so good. Battleborn is a hero shooter that leans more heavily towards the MOBA direction but includes a fully featured and chock full of personality co-op story mode as well. The humor is on point, the characters are fun, and the action is frantic. It's a nice spin on the MOBA concept and it's good to have a slightly slower paced competitive game out there, the amount of instant kills in games these days is a bit much so it's nice to see teamwork and strategy matter a bit more than ""we attacked first"".So far so good. Had a blast and laughed my butt off :)."
76561198013806823,Recommended,394230,23025969,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The Prestige,"Story Mode: Super boring, not fun, repetitive. Only reason to go through the story mode is to complete challenges and unlock stuff for multiplayer.Multiplayer: 3 modes and 2 maps for each mode, total 6 maps as of launch. 25 characters to play, but 20 of them need to be unlocked. You can unlock characters either from playing the story mode or ranking up.All in all I am happy about buying Battleborn. It has humor, style, and a lot to unlock. If you don't mind grinding and playing against players who may have already grinded, you'll have a great time. If you can't get over the fact that some players will have a slight edge over you because they've already grinded, then you may want to look over this. But to be honest, the edge the enemy MAY have over you will not be substantial enough to win the game from the start."
76561198001295935,Recommended,394230,23149070,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,trensomniac,great game
,Recommended,394230,23149640,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Trre,I love this game. Great for people who enjoy Moba style but dont want to invest hundreds of hours trying to become good at it.
,Recommended,394230,23279581,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Eternal Sigma,"Honestly, there's not much to say about Battleborn. It's a mix between a MOBA and an FPS... kinda. It has the kind of character leveling system, minion system, and gamemode system as a MOBA like Dota, but it has the feeling of playing a first person shooter, because it is one (duh). But reguardless it's not garbage, nor is it great. It's just average. Thank god it's not as bad as colonial marines, but it's not as good as borderlands. It's not the diamond in the rock, it's the silver. Good, but not exactly what you're looking for. (how many more comparisons can i make? Too many.)It's DEFINATELY NOT like overwatch. It may have a similar art style, but it's JUST the art style. It's not a team-based compeditive shooter. It's more than that."
76561198200303957,Recommended,394230,22981341,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,YangBestGrill,"Co-Op Story Mode: 10/10. I find it rather fun and teammates are typically good at helping each other out. DLC with additional characters and missions will help flesh this out in the future.Versus Mode: 3/10. Sure you got the shooting and thats all fine and dandy. But if there are people in this game level 30+ who claim to have extensive knowledge of MOBA's and not know what the merc camp does, it completely defeats the purpose of the game. I don't care if you're the best damn Oscar Mike. If all you're doing is getting kills and not taking objectives do not play this damn mode.Overall 6/10. Stay for the Co-Op. Wait for Overwatch if you want good competitive hero based shooting."
76561198069734094,Recommended,394230,23002868,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,RrevlisDiamond,"Pros:To be short, Battleborn is fantastic. It brings great aspects of Borderlands like Lore and unique characters and gear to a wonderful mashup of eight story missions and three (five more coming) MOBA-like 5v5 multiplayer. I have four friends that also play it and coordination is a devastating advantage in multiplayer like all multiplayer.Cons:nothing really. there will always be jerks in multiplayer but after one match you'll most likely never meet them again. And difficulty is very balanced except for maybe the final mission.aslo Ambra is my favorite Battleborn"
76561198152271012,Recommended,394230,23009537,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,HOOPLE125,It has a fun single player but the multiplayer is not balenced
,Recommended,394230,23143924,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mister Chippy,"They went way overboard with the particle effects, the UI could use a lot of cleaning up, but buried underneath all the mess is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,394230,23148978,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Witty Hi52u @ Twitch.tv,Like a FPS League with better characters
76561198007193058,Recommended,394230,23149204,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ColonelWang,"Floating swords man, that's all I need"
,Recommended,394230,23193343,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rivers,"I was lucky enough to get into the open beta and try this game out before paying or else I'm not sure if I would have picked it up. Especially with all these negative reviews, but don't let naysayers disuade you away from this gem.  The game has two distinct play modes featuring a PvE co-op or solo campaign mode that includes a regular mode, hardcore difficulty (1 death) Advanced  difficulty and also a Hardcore Advanced. The campaign includes I believe 8 or so levels to indulge in. Each of which is roughly 30-60 minutes to complete. Items also drop in the campaign from ""bosses"" which can be used in the campaign or also used in the PvP which is the second gamemode. The multiplayer PvP has three game modes with two maps for each mode. Modes are essentially a ""territory"" mode where you hold zones to gain points. ""Incursion"" which is your MOBA gamemode more or less where you push your AI controlled bots to destroy the other teams ""sentries"" to win. The last mode is ""Meltdown"" Which is simliar to Incursion, but your goal is to push your AI minions to a mutual point on the map where they suicide for points while stopping the other team's minions. While playing in any of these modes you select from a pool of 25+ heroes to play as. Each hero has their own basic attacks or abilities (left click/right click) then three unique abilities (Q,E, and F keys) When starting each new match you level your hero from 1 to a max of level 10. As you play each hero you also level them up to unlock new ability choices in your ""helix."" Your helix allows you to choose between 2-3 choices as you level up within the match. I would further elloborate but I feel as those it gets more confusing to explain and easier to understand if you play instead. The game both PvE and PvP is loaded with that Borderlands esque humor and will keep you entertained for hours. A lot of the negative reviews I've read nitpick one thing or two. Yeah this game isn't perfect by any means, but I've found it to be well worth the money so far."
,Recommended,394230,23193376,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Pump jockey! Works for tips!,"Amazingly fun. Lots of unique characters, constant balance updates, and a tremendous variety of gameplay options available. Not to mention the clever and fun Gearbox character writing.Shooter and MOBA vets will enjoy this."
,Recommended,394230,23313634,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ophexis,"I've been having a lot of fun playing Battleborn. I love playing through the campaigns with my friends, we've played multiple times through each chapter and we've enjoyed it everytime. Trying out new characters is super fun as well, and the game is beautiful. The skies look amazing, the special effects are really neat, and I've really enjoyed the lore unlocked through challenges. imo it might not be worth the full price, but on sale it's definitely worth it, especially if you have friends around to play with.That said, if you didn't enjoy Borderlands' style of writing, you won't enjoy it here, because it's very similar, but I don't personally mind.Ì've definitely had a drop of framerate in some areas, but not enough for the game to be unplayable for me, but hopefully it will be adressed soon because I can see it being a problem.Obviously it's not a perfect game, but I enjoy it a lot and I've had tons of fun so far.edit: I still think very highly of this game. The microtransactions mostly apply to optional skin and taunts so far. The DLC operations are a lot of fun and feature varied and very pretty environment. We've also been enjoying most of the new characters, with a few of them becoming characters I play with frequently.My friends and I still play regularly and have been enjoying all the updates!"
76561198039315602,Recommended,394230,23462758,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Warfyr,"I am going to keep this review simple and honest because there are plenty of long winded sociopaths on here already.Game is good - PVE good - pvp mostly good - coop everything good - lvl up characters good - unlock gear and titles goodOptimized it is not - I heard runs better on GTX - it is (for me) mostly memory leak errors  that have actually improved since last patch. (resetting game or pc fixes it for a the next like 4-8 hoursBiggest con? lack of player base right now. (I am not kidding this is the biggest issue by far)Biggest pro - tons to do, you don't HAVE to pvp and in fact some of the fun is chasing legendary items in the harder PVE modes with friends.PVP? - it is hit and miss, in lage part due to community size. I dont care what any one has told you or ♥♥♥♥♥ed about, I have had MANY good pvp fights and comebacks from almost losing.I bought the game whe it was discounted to 34$ and I have not one single regret about that considering my time of writing playtime is 124 hours. The devs are doing good work to make this better and I see improvements rolling out pretty often and quickly so in another month or so I think the game will be where it needs to be in order to have a true competitive scene (ranked matchmaking). Until then have fun, lvl♥♥♥♥♥♥up, grab a friend and learn the ropes."
76561197993375908,Recommended,394230,23900736,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ender,"the game is alot of fun. it may be dying due to overwatch but it was alot of fun. if you like dota like games then i would go with this one, overwatch just doesnt scratch that itch."
76561198133796918,Recommended,394230,22833400,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,HEK,This game is amazing... No microtrasnactions amazingly addictive gameplay too good to be true 😁
,Recommended,394230,22833769,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,The Last Taco Bender,Fun as all fudge!
,Recommended,394230,22974963,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Free 2 Buy,"10/10  This game is not perfect but hot damn its very good.  I am so tired of people acting like thave to decide whether to play this or Overwatch.  If you like both, just buy both.  But 99% of negative reviews on youtube and such for this game are people who are either Blizzard fanboys or didn't take the time to do everything that Battleborn has to offer.  BUY THIS GAME!!!"
76561198047119410,Recommended,394230,23014091,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ovoexo,"First off I want to say this is my very first publicly written review ever. With that being said, this game is fun. It has a great campaign mode that seems like a bonus to a pvp multiplayer game. That's where this game shines is the pvp multiplayer in my opinion. It seems pretty clear that's the direction this game wants to go is to be a competitive esports game. So if you don't like pvp I wouldn't say this game is worth the money. Not knocking on the campaign mode but it is a little short and not much substance in that aspect. But they do plan on adding more campaign content and heroes."
76561197970467547,Recommended,394230,23076828,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Seina,"It's really fun. A ton of characters, all with totally unique playstyles.Been playing it a ton, and I still haven't even tried a few of them yet. Weird leveling mechanic (starts over every mission/match), but it makes sense once you see it in action. Gear is fun to get, but system works in a way that it might be better to just use a bunch of 'common' gear, especially in pvp (gear requires resources to 'activate', the better the gear, the more expensive; some combinations on 'common' gear can actually cost 0, most 'legendary' gear costs 1800, so you really don't want to bring along all high-end stuff or you won't get to use it until the match is over anyways).People can, like with any multiplayer-focused game, be jerks. That's the internet. I *did* notice a serious uptick in the stupid when the Overwatch beta ended, and I'm hoping the launch drags them back there again.Overall, I can recommend it for a fun time."
,Recommended,394230,23148566,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,"Like, No Duh.","I've been enjoying the game quite a bit, though there are some problems. Co-op I've been enjoying, looking forward to more tweaks as the game continues to mature.PVP: Ranked play is needed. Some of the levels need tweaking. Character balance adjustments are also needed. Having players drop off early on in the game is incredibly frustrating and almost a certain loss."
76561198061531793,Recommended,394230,23152128,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Leeloo | Stank Delicious,Great Game.  Lots of fun.  Some matchmaking issues when i started but I think they may have tweaked a few things or the playerbase has increased because it is fine now.
76561198064654041,Recommended,394230,23259510,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Devil's Grasp,"All right so Battleborn is a MOBA with single-player campaign as well. Multiplayer in PVE aspects are highly encouraged as shown through lore challenges and in-game interactions. Getting into the good and bad of Battleborn:The Good:Obviously this is a Gearbox title with their art style and humor. If you are a fan of the Borderlands series games you will fit right in with the jokes and crazy character designs. As you play through PvE there are random dialogue options that play so generally back to back maps will actually have different conversations, to a certain degree. These conversations also change based on the heroes in the party at the time, as they will also comment on the situations. For PvP when spotting an enemy player your character will generally have something to say. For example Oscar Mike when seeing an enemy Montana will something along the lines of ""Mutant Lumberjack Spotted."" The atmosphere of the game is quite fun and the diversity of characters is great. Leveling system is also fun. In a single storymode you will generally get to at least lvl 9, but mostly 10 (which is the max). The Helix system allows you pick one of two augments to your skills/attacks. Also with enough playtime as a certain character you will increase their character rank and unlock Mutations which give you a third choice on certain skills. The community is generally helpful as there are some challenges, more on that below, where you have to play with certain other Battleborn, and generally if you ask someone will help. There are tons of other great things you will find in the game if you just scratch the surface.The  BadLore challenges. I am not saying Lore challenges in general are bad. Completing certain tasks allows you to learn more about the character you are controlling and delve deeper into this games story. The problem arises when you have to do PvP specific challenges. More specifically kill certain characters X amount of times. This creates tension as you que again and again only to find the enemy team does not have the player you wish to kill on it. By the off chance they have the character on it you have to deliver the final blow. Assists do not count. Also certain characters are so rare to find now. Take Ambra for example. Part of Galilea's lore is to kill Ambra 25 times. At first this was not hard as Ambra was a common damage/healer hybrid, however, with the addition of Alani (damage/healer hybrid), who also has to kill Ambra 25 times, Ambra has become quite rare. There are several reasons for this but will not dive into them now as there is a character limit on reviews. The problem that does occur here is that you are trying to kill one enemy player instead of trying to win the match so you get tunnel visioned as you weigh your teamates victory against your lore that you are desperately trying to complete. Specific challenges like this do not further cooperative matches but rather destroy them. On the other hand other characters' lore challenges are really easy and can be done solo or group PvE, which honestly all should have the option to do solo or at least in PvE.Another sad reality is these ""free Battleborn"" are not free. After each match you get around, let's say 600 credits, I know you can get more but you can also get less. For Alani and the planned release of Peddles or whatever ""Snake Guy"" I will call him, you can either use a Hero key, if you have the season pass, or unlock them for like 42,500 credits. There is no problem with grinding, I get that. I have played multiple MMOs. I am no stranger to hours upon hours of farming. However, with a stunted playerbase making such a steep price for another character sucks for newcomers.Matchmaking: I, personally, have not had a real problem with ques however pitting newcomers against seasoned vets of the game does suck. Many a match I have had a full team of high levels and the enemy teams highest commander rank is 16. Now does this mean we will win? No, however, we would be a disgrace if we lost. It just means my team has had tons of playtime with characters, unlocking powerful mutations and having good sets of gear to activate. Also high levels, lvl 40+, have access to all hereos but a lvl 4 only has access to starter characters. Now apparently there is a fix for this coming out, sometime, but until then matches generally go one of two ways. You get wrecked, or you completly wreck the other team. Which is why there is a decline in Solo que because you want to win so you do premades.As for the declining player population, I think the game is just in a rough patch for the time being. So long as fixes get implemented, and way better advertising, the game still has a chance to flourish. For the price drop well......You win some, you lose some. It sucks but that is how the real world works. No one is going to give you a cookie just because you payed full price and then there was a price drop, generally anyway.Overall, I recommend Battleborn because it is a fun game, and would like to see more newcomers. The advertising for this title was lacking as it should have shown more of the Gearbox humor in it. Battleborn just desperately needs a little polishing to match-making and character lore and I think Gearbox fans will enjoy it.I know there is a declining player count for this game but if changes are made it could easily come out of this rough patch. Besides the game has not been out all that long yet so only time and Gearbox's actions will tell."
,Recommended,394230,23265631,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,EtreSerBe,"I totally recommend this game, yes, most of what you have read MIGHT be true, but, Battleborn is and incredibly replayable title, I have played with almost every character, most of them are great, it will have FIVE free (or almost free) characters and is in constant improvement. I think it is a shame that bad advertising and the influence of Overwatch are keeping people from looking at this nice piece of software in here.Take a leap, the story has flaws, yes; but the multiplayer, aside from the lack of players, is an overly enjoyable game, in which I have had ZERO trolls, no flamers and a few good laughs. If you already have this game and are looking for hope, recommend it too, because, that's what will really define a game: Its community, and Battleborn is just the kind of game aiming for that."
76561198004568914,Recommended,394230,23498517,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,gojira_zilla,"REVIEW UPDATED:  Changed form Not Recommended to RECOMENDED!!!  As of June 11, 2016.The Problem was I had my PhysX set to ON in the options for the game.   If anyone else experienced the same thing (See old Review Below for reference), turn OFF PhysX option in the game's option menu.  Now running full resolution, full shader on high... all maxed settings and no framerate issues occur.  I will leave the old review below to help out anyone else that may have had similar problem with nVidia PhysX option.  Thank you Gearbox this is the new love of my life! ;)OLD REVIEW BELOW IS FOR REFERENCE ONLY; PRIMARILY TO HELP ANYONE ELSE OUT.(OLD REVIEW)`I really want to recommend this game.... BUT, there seems to be a major problem with the horrendous frame rates on my PC.  I have an AMD 8 core cpu / 16 Gigs DDR3 3300 / 3-Way sli... my machine is fast, the mobo is matches the DDR3 ram speeds.   All other new games seems to work fine except for Battleborn!!!!In multiplayer, the frame rate starts fine in the begining, HOWEVER, when players are near (close range especially), the frame rate drops to 4-20 FPS erratically.  One second I'm killing someone, the next, the screen freezes... then automatic-magic death!  If this is happening to other PC players, pls post it to let Gearbox know!  Believe me, I'm not hating on this game... I absolutely love the gameplay concept... I mean I really LOVE this game... but with such an erractic fps optimization, it brings me to near tears.  Seriously, have I mentioned how much I LOVE this game???  I do (not being sarcastic too!).Please Gearbox, I'm begging you, please fix the PC optimiization... also while you're at it, can you do something about the long waiting queues for multiplayer matches???   Sometimes the wait is 20+mins.As of it's current state, I reluctantly cannot recommend this game that I truly LOVE... sigh.... seriously... fix this game, Gearbox.  :(And here's the most pathetic part, I will probabaly still play it with all it's downfalls... ugh... I must be a masochist!   :/`"
,Recommended,394230,22834497,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,fischfun,This is a great game. If you like sarcastic comedy like portal but with guns explosions and other awesome crap than this is good for you. I never write reviews but I thought I just HAD to write one for this. If your on the fence then buy it and try it then request a refund or something. I know that you won't do that. You will keep it and play it and love it for the rst of your life. Try it. I dare you.
,Recommended,394230,23479757,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,CJ The Expert,"I have had an immense amount of fun with this game. Queue times can be a bit long, but that's far outweighed by how great the game is. The amount of content is outright absurd. It's rare that I DON'T hear a new vioce line in a match, even if it's a story mission I've played a ton, or I'm playing as a character I've had a ton of games with.In short: Queue times are a little long, but 145% worth it."
76561198070676518,Recommended,394230,26492897,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Zavulon,Versus public option now only has one mode Quick match instead of the previous choices which were only 2 and before that 3 modes...
,Recommended,394230,23647147,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Luckshot,This is a solid co-op experience with plenty of replayability accompanied by enormous humor and vibrant color.  I have 40 hours in this game and can easily say it's worth every penny spent.
76561198106655775,Recommended,394230,27945798,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Average Karp,Overwatch has turned the BattleBorn game to a wait 2 min before you find a game... But still i enjoy this game alottt
76561198066252242,Recommended,394230,26595781,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,lucidafflictions,This game makes me sad. i dont think theres anything like it out there and its a ton of fun for me personally so i feel even worse that there isnt enough players to make it fun. its sooooooooooooooo goooood when you can find a low latency game and i love it more than any other game out there when taht does happen but. god it needs more players.
,Recommended,394230,32302009,Posted: 9 June,all,Karate,"An incredible game handicapped by poor marketing/PR and it's proximity to Overwatch.  I played the beta and at launch and had a blast; I only quit because the playerbase tanked and I got tired of spending what little time I had sitting in queue or playing the same few people over and over.The game has some balance problems but if F2P can turn the playerbase around I think people will see that it's not nearly as bad as they think.  This game deserves to be more popular than it is, it's so sad what's happend since it launched."
,Recommended,394230,23759371,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GoldenDazeElf,"If you were a fan of the Borderlands series, this is definitely a game you should check out. They have the same, corny humor, with fun loving characters.  Each character has there own abilities, so it tailors to a large audience of style.  The stories are enjoyable and entertaining.  Follow the dev's twitters for free perks. These guys have always been givers.  I have fun playing the stories online with friends."
,Recommended,394230,24530505,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"It is a great game, that more people need to play.If you own this game and have thought, ""maybe i should play that again!""Just do it!"
76561198097674558,Recommended,394230,24696740,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Fat_Jewish_Duck,"I really enjoyed this game. The gameplay was fun and strategically moba kinda thing. But what this game got, as every Gearbox game got, was humor and well created characters. They all look diffrent and unique and got their own personality. each also got their own playstyle and ability's you can upgrade as you level up in the match.The sad part is that I dont play the game that much !!!WAIT dont go yet!!! The reason is that it takes 5-10 min to find a match.I would say if you want a good First Person Shooter MOBA game with humor, that takes place in another world, I personally would recommend it.Be aware if you gonna play it alone. The match makeing can be boring and feel long if you dont have a friend or something to do while searching for a match. So maybe buy on sale if you can wait then.I hope I helped you and good luck with the decision XDThanks for reading :D"
,Recommended,394230,23045408,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Treep,"Loving the game. Solo, multi, story, and comp. My BIGGEST gripe about it is that, in the spam of 1 week, Steam has randomly kicked me from its servers 4 times midgame. That kind of garbage and ruin ANY game.I recommend BB, and demand steam gets its crap together"
76561198028528839,Recommended,394230,23151204,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ophashias,"The matchmaking times are a bit long at the moment during times when most people aren't online.Other than that Battleborn is fun, fast paced, and has lots of variety in their objectives.Really enjoy the dynamics they've set up for team members to support eachother.You definitely have to play smart, and if members of the enemy team are making bad decisions, you can capitalize on it.Really stoked to see what happens at higher leagues of play."
76561197970818678,Recommended,394230,23246413,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Nypyren?!?!,"Huh.  I typed in a very detailed review going over all the details of the game that the marketing team couldn't be bothered to explain... and Steam's site just abruptly discarded the whole review.  Too complex for the site to handle?Which is kind of tragic irony considering that's a good analog to what's happening to this game's player base.I like this game a lot, but investing lots of time into it while the player base self-destructs, (like my review) and is siphoned off into simpler and easier-to-understand games like Overwatch, is risky.If you have friends to play with, this game is great.  If you don't, it's hell.  Base your purchase on this alone."
76561198304443331,Recommended,394230,23264824,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Duke Perfection,It be very good
,Recommended,394230,23370327,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Drasern,"A great mix between MOBA and shooter. Fills the void left by the decline of Super Monday Night Combat.It's important to play this like you would LoL or Dota, rather than CS or CoD. Levels make a big difference to your fighting power, so you need to stay near minions to get experience and money. Minions are also an essentail component to victory, make sure you kill their minions and protect your own."
76561197970543509,Recommended,394230,23148023,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,series of tubes,"It's not overwatch. It needs some tweaks, but for what it is it's damn good fun."
,Recommended,394230,23147117,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,PancakeSnake,"Played this game on a whim and fell in love with it and i want other people to give it a shot, beats the one dimensional overwatch anyday imo."
76561198031519356,Recommended,394230,23147914,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,|DDoW|Jaggedicee,Have played quite a bit since release and I'm stunned with how well put together this game is
,Recommended,394230,23047793,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Random Zombie,"Battleborn is a pretty fun PVE game. The characters are varied and unique enough to make you want to work on unlocking them all. The intro animation is amazing and worth the price of admission. The PVP is awful. No matter which mode you choose, the matchmaking will make the game unfun. Either you end up with the idiots that don't know how to play, or against them. I've had maybe 3-5 matches where either side could have possibly won. The rest were complete stomps one way or the other. Until they fix matchmaking there's no reason to play PVP."
,Recommended,394230,23147778,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mordecus,"Don't always believe what the internet tells you. I personally enjoy Battleborn more than Overwatch; and the only reason the two games are getting mentioned in the same sentence is that they're both hero-based first person shooters. Aside from that similarity, they are very different games. Overwatch matches are like a Big Mac - fast, looks good before the first bite; but after you finished the meal you can feel the onset of mild indigestion, the meat sweats and the self-loathing. By contrast, Battleborn is like a charcutterie board - varied, refined, and requires much more careful planning as you wolf down morsels."
76561198132170686,Recommended,394230,23719118,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Lil Pank,This is a great game overall coming from a great company. The graphics look stunning even on my computer. On top of that you can tell how much work was put into the development of the characters and the story. It is great to know that I can tell where all of our heros come from (their lore) and how the factions work. The characters are also very balanced (except Galilia but she got nerfed several time) and the flow of the abilities on each character works very well. The audio is another good thing because the music is great depending on the situation and when you really need it there is comedy (which is all the time). Overall this game just makes me feel like a true badass!
76561197999978495,Recommended,394230,23159317,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,boyd,"Extremely fun game. I've spent almost all my hours playing meltdown on US East. I have no problems finding a game and now that I'm past the level 1-20 group the matchmaking has been spot on. Game is polished in terms of gameplay and balance, rewards skilled play and tactical thinking. I am just crazy impressed with this game. It has literally replaced Dota 2 for me as my MOBA of choice. Cannot recommend highly enough."
,Recommended,394230,27522668,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Leatherface,"Great game, especially love the online mode and co-op story playthrough, but has a small community, so be prepared to wait for a match. Still haven't found anyone to play ""The Heliophage"" with yet. Great game but lacks a lot of community support (and a community, for that matter.) I belive the only reason this game was pushed under the radar when it come out was because of one, single game: Overwatch. And, it dosen't matter what people say, IT IS NOT THE SAME AS OVERWATCH! The only similarities these games share are classes, micro-transactions and release date. THAT'S IT!"
,Recommended,394230,23498512,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,XxGenesis,DO not bother with the negative commentsthis game is absolutely amazing and astonishing art worki love this gamehaving 20 hours to play this game im sure i wont stop playing this game is a perfect game with perfect community
76561198023634138,Recommended,394230,22980834,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Officer Doofy,"I feel like switching it up and♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off with the comment for Battleborn. I am in favor of battleborn over overwatch.First off ♥♥♥♥ IGN AND NEVER GO THERE TO DECIDE IF YOU SHOULD LIKE A GAME OR NOT THROUGH THEIR RATING SYSTEM. I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH! THEY RATED A ♥♥♥♥ING CALL OF MOUNTIAN DUTY GAME ON THE NINTENDO DS HIGHER THAN BATTLEBORN. JUST.................♥♥♥♥ EM. ♥♥♥♥ EM SO HARD. IM DONE COMPARING MY OPINION WITH SOMEONE THAT GETS PAID TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT WHILE MOST OF US HAVE REAL JOBS AND DON'T SUCK AT EM.The fanbases for both of these games is like comparing PC to Apple.Battleborn is more on the technical side of an fps, Overwatch kept it safe, simple and very polishedI've played both games Overwatch(OW) through beta and bought Battleborn(BB). I do not regret buying BB for a single minute. I was a huge fan of the Borderlands series and this game has a familiar feel to their style. I was impressed that Blizzard actually made a fun fps thats pretty fluid. I also felt as gameplay goes that I've played overwatch a thousand times somewhere else, wether it be capture points or protect something that slowly moves across the map. Gearbox went another direction and ventured out once again, making a first person shooter where your decisions on how to choose certains skills and traits rpg style over others to help you progress through a game. Teamwork is more vital in BB than in OW imo. I honeslty thought there was going to be more strategy in Overwatch, judging by Blizzards record. OW reminds me of ""Apple"". It's made for people who like to think, but not too much and don't like getting too technical. BB you can enhance your character if you want to put the numbers in it by weighing your pros and cons through gear and skills.  It's for someone who like's to custominze their pc for their own wants and needs to get the best experience they feel they can get. BB has way more content. I think it will pick up more when it goes on sale.I don't feel like getting into characters too much, but I like BB's better. More unique with great voice acting. I only remember playing as Bastion in OW. Latta beeps and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm a lame person and feel cheesy when I still laugh at some of the dialogue in BB. I mean that in a good way.But I won't tell you what to get. That choice is yours. My choice is for BB. I don't think OW has a lasting appeal to it. If it does, great. Guess the lesson would be never to venture far from something that's already been done before."
45454545454545454,Recommended,394230,32881406,Posted: 27 June,all,🎭MoonEggBell🎭,Nice
,Recommended,394230,22832674,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Shotgun,I love everything about this game.
,Recommended,394230,27039010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Q.,"Rather than addressing the dying community, let's pretend like there are millions of active players and maybe they'll show up."
76561198048998962,Recommended,394230,23201613,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ryot,"Awesome, super fun game."
,Recommended,394230,23319308,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Xaeius,"Battleborn is one of the better FPS games to come out. It has a very wonderful feel to the game and is enjoyable. The problem with the game is that it came out at the very wrong time. With Overwatch kicking it in the head, Paladins stepped in and took the Free To Player spot that could've been Battleborn."
76561198095648814,Not Recommended,394230,24308150,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,sneaky ducky,"Personally the only fun times i had in this game was when I played with friends, dont bother playing it if you intend to play solo."
76561198096411860,Recommended,394230,32289515,Posted: 9 June,all,"Frey, Jäger","At first, the game was infected with bugs and high online, some were complaining about their PCs not being able to run it properly, but it lived to our day. But after the July of 2016, the sad part of this story has begun: online has gone dead. There were some remnants left out in the wasteland, and there were no place for newbies, since everybody except them knew the rules and could exploit them. We have stayed for all the pros of this game. But even then, people have started leaving the game. At the moment of the beginning of the free trial, there were about 100 people playing. Now, there are more, but this still does not give us hope of reviving the game.Pros:- This is NOT Overwatch. Whoever believed that the games were almost exactly the same can go out and try, because I imply that they are NOT ALIKE.- MOBA-like mechanics in some modes. For all of those who has left DotA (and I respect you for that) - you shall feel like home, but only in FP.- Characters. This game was made by creators of the all-loving BORDERLANDS, for god's sake. So you can expect nothing less but a lot of crazyness about the Battleborn themselves and enviroment they fight in general.- No ""Pay-to-win"" mechanics. I have NO IDEA how dumb must be people that post something like ""another P2W dead game, not interested in paying"" on the forums. Since when cosmetics are something that makes you better? (TF2 excluded, out there it means ""prestige"", which is almost ""skill"")- Multi-genre gameplay. Characters are completely different: some use rifles, some use chaos magic, some use their fists/jaws/melee weapons, and that is just 3-4 of them. Think about it: here you can take your vengeance upon generic ""Ash Williams with the boomstick"" with medieval weapons.- Character quotes and voiceover. Completely worth it.- Customisation. If you find it unnecessary, you might add it to cons category. Otherwise, it is a big part of the game.- Lore and story. Sure, if you came here for something like a BioShock story (or Witcher 3 story, which I cannot understand - that is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story), then you will not appreciate that. But for a multiplayer FPS there is much to read, discover and listen about.Cons:- Low online. Still. That is why WE, the old-timers, need you support in reviving this game.- ""Anti-noob"" feature. Not a real thing, but made by players. If you are not a fast learner, cannot take a few defeats and are not able to quickly adapt to anything you see, you will suffer.- Matchmaking. Same with con #2: if you cannot adapt quickly, you will die, and then die many more times, because the chance of having a veteran on your team is SLIGHTLY lower that having him against you. Trust me, I have checked.- Too much bright lights and colors. Epileptics, beware.- Battleborn restrictions. Unless you have paid the price, you can only play 6 Battleborn out of 30, which seems sort of crippling for me. On one side, you do not have to unlock them like we did, by completing challenges. On the other side, 6 out of 30 is.... kind of not much.- Trolls, or ""ill-minded veterans"". Unlike some of us, there are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who LOVE to taunt after every kill. IF you see a person named ""hup"" - expect him to taunt you every goddamn time he kills you.- OP characters. There is at least 1 OP character at the moment, with each patch/Battleplan it changes. For a long time it was Galilea, El Dragon (now grinded to dust), and each and every one of the Season Pass characters (Alani, Kid Ultra, Pendles, Beatrix and Ernest) after their own release. Now, it is almost fully balanced. You don't have to endure getting killed by Galilea and her pocket medic all the time like we used to.HELP US REVIVE THE GAME! JOIN THE BATTLEBORN!"
76561198055381197,Recommended,394230,22792649,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,GosuTomTom,"The game is a lot of fun. Not everything is perfect, but it's worth $60. If you want an online pvp/coop Borderlands, with over the top all different characters, and a smart PvP (not just shooting at people), this game is for you. Give it a try if you can !Solid 8/10.EDIT : No, queues are not that long.EDIT August 2017 : PvP is dead, still a very enjoyable and funny game but released at the wrong time. Blizzard made it into a rivalry between BB (MOBA FPS with story) and Overwatch (Arena shooter without story) even though they are very different and succeeded I guess. You can get it arount 5 bucks during sales which is a steal."
76561198040930066,Recommended,394230,30927506,Posted: 3 April,all,Roynicorn,"First things first, if you want to play alone in PVP, you will have problems, because there are very few active player and you will wait for a long time till you find a match.BUT this does not make this a bad game and it does not deserve the negative reviews (nobody plays it don't buy it), since that is NOT the games fault, it is to blame on bad release timing, being released at the same time as Overwatch and often being compared to it...Battleborn is a really good game, with a good Story Mode and very fun Gamemodes against both bots and other player (if you find some).The characters are very creative and give a great variety to it, no character is like another, they all feel different and play different, the Level-Up-System and Item-load-out in Battleborn adds to that.You can play every character in hundreds of different ways and allways find something new and enjoyable with them. Any character can easily be a support, a ""pusher"", a damage-dealer, etc.The game is influenced by both shooter and Moba games, having modes and elements of both genres.The game keeps true to the Borderlands humor we know from well Borderlands and has a enjoyable storymode, that might proove chalenging if you are on your own.In short: If you like Borderlands and want something while waiting for Borderlands 3, try this; if you like heroe shooter and want something different to the others, try this game; if you like mobas, but also the FP-perspective, try this game.Really try to give this game a chance, watch gameplay videos or Let's Plays, try to see for yourself how you like it and don't handle it as ""a failure"", because it isn't."
,Recommended,394230,31187255,Posted: 16 April,all,FlammableDUCK123,"I very much enjoy battleborn, its just a shame about its minimal playerbase.When it first came out, battleborn was often confused as an overwatch clone as they were released at about the same time, this is absolutely not the case.Battleborn is in fact quite unique, and I would consider it one of the best first person (kind of MOBA) out there.The characters all have different, well designed abilities and personalilites, and games take a comfortable half an hour each time. What is fantastic about battleborn is its simplicity, allowing the few abilities available to be used tactically.There are times in other games where the player can feel buried in items, abilities and synergies, but battleborn puts emphasis on gaining mastery over a few abilities and using them well, which is a refreshing change.There are some issues with the game, as there are undoubtedly some unblalanced characters. There was also a lack of maps, and as I mentioned before, the playerbase is sadly very low, so it can be EXTREMELY tricky to find a game at this stage. The PvE is also quite poor, as it can be pretty boring. Due to the low amount of players, buying the game at this stage might require a lot of waiting for PvP, so look at the PvE too."
,Recommended,394230,32839233,Posted: 26 June,all,HHGamers,"The game is extremely fun and would defintly suggest giving it a chance, especially since its free now."
76561198117401069,Recommended,394230,32843698,Posted: 26 June,all,Spent,I like it allot but when it came out it just kinda got overshadowed by every other game that came out.
76561198007663277,Recommended,394230,22918902,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jewel_Runner_VR,"League of Legends meets Borderlands, Tons of replayability!"
,Recommended,394230,29754468,Posted: 6 February,all,TheCoolCore,"Battleborn is a great game, sadly it couldn't carve its niche, and playerbase is realy low."
76561198012420940,Recommended,394230,29744789,Posted: 6 February,all,Sir Reginald Fluffybutt,"uh yeah where to start, fun to start with until you realise pve is just an aside and the actual game is all aboout the pvp which is a ghost town, have fun waiting half an hoour to come against a team of pros and have you team vote to quit afte 5 mintes because they get behind.The characters and visuals are amazing and it is such a shame that this  game coudn't even compare to the borderlands experience when is pve, not that it was supposed to but, with the sense of humour and tone that the developers hve yu just can't help thinking ""this is just like borderlands"" except it isn't and yu just want to go and play borderlands 2 after 20 mins or so, as for the pve it does everything 1,000,000 times better.Pvp was fun when you weren't sat there for half an hour to get dumped back to the lobby becuse one of the 4 people who joined you left and restarted the whole shebang, the maps were nice if too few and you oonly ever got to pplay the few that i am guessing were the tourney maps due to the voting process, thiis was helped along by the random game mode option in a later update but it was still a ghost town.i really think overwatch and the devs adding I.A.P before they added DLC put huge nails in the coffin for this title which is a shame because the vibrant and excellent worlds, characters, skills and game were ruined by greed, lack of good dlc, which although planned seems to have been an after thought since none of it made before the game died a death and now it seems too late.if you have patience and enjoy moba games then check this out, if your hoping for a pve romp like borderlands, go get borderlands. i reccomend it because there is good stuff in there but it just wasn't as good as it could have been and the pve although gorgeous was blatantly an afterthought i terms of level design and story also because they charcter lore was all tied in with online mp for most chars and was just annoying when you been palying a few weeks and no one uses those heroes because they poo."
,Recommended,394230,32657104,Posted: 22 June,all,Am-bear,It's a fun game but matchmaking takes forever. More people need to play this!
,Recommended,394230,22869063,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,vampiredmage,Right now not ♥♥♥♥ign impressed nobody knows how to play the game propely every team ive ever gotten im the only mother ♥♥♥♥er out there doing the god damn objectives as such i havent won a single pvp game every one is currently treating this game like its ♥♥♥♥ing call of duty and its not and players keep playing it like its overwatch when its nothing like overwatch only when people realize that its nto an overwatch clone will the gameplay be any good
,Recommended,394230,23273600,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,IronPan😃,Good Game on the level of Overwatch. sick gameee
76561198050993067,Recommended,394230,22801649,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Scottytwoshoes,Great game!!
76561198096316632,Recommended,394230,22802194,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Wintercat,"Wonderful game Gearbox does not disappoint with its classic humor and art style. Counting the beta I have about 30 hours in the game and I've enjoyed every bit. The multiplayer is fun with its three game modes and the champion is well polished and full of story. The characters are not perfectly balenced but during the beta they quickly adjusted certain characters so I would expect that to continure. It seems the only consistant negative remark has been technical difficulties I would assume those will also be fixed although I personally have not had any to begin with. Overall the humor, fun, action in this game come together beautifully I highly recommend to anyone be it borderlands fans or someone new to this company."
,Recommended,394230,24736214,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ghorat,"The Game is Awesome, excelent voice acting, the Humor is legend on this game company, The game offers alot. But one thing that bothers me, GEARBOX is a buggy company like Bethesda they make awesome games, but take little time to test them fix bug and something very important, OPTIMASE the graphic quality. If you don't optimaze your game, so that everyone can run the game on almost any PC, you loose client and the only clients that will play the game will be hight end PC players, and to be real there are more Low spect players than high end pcs players. So i think thats why this game is low on population. If you have a PC that run games at med setting well don't try this game you will drop FPS at any place. Oh and one thing if you are a AMD Player HAHAHAH dont even think about it, this game is a Intel GPU game, sorry if im wrong but all i see on forums are AMD guys criticazing how bad the game runs on their pcs."
,Recommended,394230,28658304,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BLU_Collar,"I own the game on ps4, and bought it again on PC. It may not have sold well initially, but Battleborn is a very good game.I urge everyone to give it a chance, and if not now, then wait until they release the free trail version. I think that the game needs more attention, but it is a very good game."
76561198127862135,Recommended,394230,30474967,Posted: 12 March,all,angrydalek,It's an incredibly fun game with a lot of really cool and appealing characters. Even though it's hard to find a multiplayer match single raids are great and give you feeling of satisfaction.
,Not Recommended,394230,24065072,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[AnL] c0ll3ctiv3²,"I didn't see any reviews that really summed it up accurately so here goes:Overall, this felt like I got the same amount of content as the Tina Tina expansion, for 3x the cost.1) It's mostly arena and 'defend the tower' episodes.2) The game may as well have been released episodically.  Each episode is 30min-1 hour playing solo, or 15-30 min in a group.3) There's only 8 episodes.Basically, it was built to have a story as an option but was hoping people would be sold on the PvP aspects.  Even if it's not open world, from the folks who did Borderlands, you'd expect more play time for the solo mission.  In BL, you could always coop and go from arena to arena, including in the expansions.    Other than the fact that there's 18 people you can eventually choose from, it's just... You can get a lot more game for a lot less money.    Unless the season pass starts kicking out 12-episode storylines and they promise 5 of them, I'd take your money elsewhere.The one exception would be if you have friends who all agree to play together.  If you're all really into it and don't mind playing the same 8 maps over and over, it might not be terrible....but only if you get it on summer sale."
76561198215887220,Recommended,394230,30751115,Posted: 26 March,all,radams97,"ah battleborn, the game people love to hate on. but why? yes the playerbase isnt great, but overall its a damn good game with interesting charecters and a variety of game modes. comparisons between this and overwatch are common, but the reality is these are two different games, the only similarity is the ability based fps system. seriously though, i would recomend this game, only by encouraging people to play it can it get a larger playerbase, at the moment, games can be found, it just takes a while, but by taking up the game that will be resolved. i reccomend people at least give this a go, if you dont enjoy it, get a refund, but if you like fps games and/or mobas this may just be a game for you."
76561197960412546,Not Recommended,394230,23795274,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Matrielle of Clan Rat,"While this game has / had a lot of potential, it is plagued by a lot of issues. A smite clone where you have to farm dull PvE mission to acquire gear. You spend hours on a single hero to unlock every ""helix"" variant. The matchmaking is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing I ever seen, new players be prepared to be stomped by max level full premade. Don't you dare complain about those points on different boards or you'll be bash by its blind fanatic fanboys.TLDR : Do not buy even for $30"
,Recommended,394230,31888082,Posted: 21 May,all,Himsa,"Amazing game, just had crappy timing. Would need basically a huge patch with advertisement to get people to atleast remember this game. Might get things back..... This was by far way better than OW"
76561197993231847,Not Recommended,394230,26120731,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mr9266,"I have never written a review in all my years of gaming but I feel I have no choice. I purchased the deluxe edition the week it came out with high hopes....boy was I stupid.  For starters, poor matchmaking, 5 lvl 100 versus a group that doesn’t even total lvl 100 added together.  This happens time and time again.  After probably thousands of complaints, their resolve was just to remove the level display for the player so that you wouldn’t know what levels you are up against.  Complete laziness.  The character releases are slow as heck and are lackluster.  No one is playing anymore despite the $20 sale price on many occasions.  This game could have been great but is just shy of being developed by digital homicide."
76561198095411310,Recommended,394230,24111226,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,rfmv123,"Battleborn is a great game with an aweful release date. As of now it is Underwatch. If it had released a year later or earlier this game would be amazingly popular, but it got old quick Overwatch is more popular. Don't get me wrong, it is extremely fun and there are tons of characters to unlock, not to mention the hilarious campaign mode, but it gets old after a while because there are only two multiplayer maps that are any good, and you'll pick your favorite characters pretty quick and stick to them for the most part. I still have to give this game a positive review, because this game is still great fun even with its flaws. I honestly think that if you are considering buying this game that you should wait for it to go on sale because this doesn't feel like a 60 dollar game. This game should cost between 15 and 30 dollars for the amount of replayability."
,Not Recommended,394230,26121040,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Magpie1991,"I was a bit late to the party on this game. If the playerbase was a little larger, this might be better, but unfortunately, by this point the numbers are so thin any hope of an even match is lost. Lot's of characters but personally I found only a few I enjoyed playing. The amount of time spent waiting for groups, waiting for the levle to be picked, waiting for the server, waiting for the characters to be picked is excessive. The story is a bit short but kills a few hours if you like a character shooter.Probably best to buy on sale with a group of friends."
,Recommended,394230,28446659,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,xMarrk,"If you guys want an honest review, away from these others or the troll reviews then here it is.For the most part I played battleborn through its first week of release, we encountered zero mechanical glitches or errors however there was a few issues to come to fruition.First of all the large unskippable cutscenes that were at first impressive but quickly became tedious and almost as if they were tacked on loosely to remind us all that we're played Battleborn.Secondly the god awful frame-rate, now whether this has been improved on or will be improved on is another matter but generally a game of this size and stature should be able to hold a solid 60FPS given the nature of the current market.Finally, THIS IS NOT OVERWATCH, although many elements may seem 'similar' to overwatch, this game has many features that make it individual, for example the single or co-op story mode, its own full selection of original characters with personalities that are both believable and entertaining and a multiplayer mode that stands out from the standard multiplayer found in most other MOBA / FPS cross-overs.Unfortunately due to the times of release and the stature of 2k compared to Blizzard entertainment this game was destined to fall by the wayside due to a much more refined product (Overwatch).That does not take away from the fact that for the hours I put into this game I thoroughly enjoyed the experience and am more than happy to return to the game periodically however there hasn't been too much going on to pull me back to battleborn; (lack of decent marketing maybe?)RatingsGameplay :- 7/10Performance :- 5/10Story / Characters :- 7/10Multiplayer :- 6/10Its worth buying, but don't play full price for it."
,Not Recommended,394230,23995218,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,73MPL4R,"It's a good enough game, but releasing it so close to Overwatch, arguably a much better game, was basically suicideDitch the microtransactions, ditch the annoying grindfest, put actual effort into getting your playerbase back, and then I'll change my rating. Until then, gonna have to give this a thumbs down"
76561198043753709,Recommended,394230,22790764,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,gerrypipes,Played as an engineer penguin.
76561198096810760,Recommended,394230,29575573,Posted: 29 January,all,~Octopai~,"This game is actually pretty cool, it just had a pretty rough start. If you want a comparison to overwatch, then this game is a bit more complex believe it or not. If you want to give this game a shot I recomend you wait for a sale because this game has a small, yet dedicated community. This game is really fun and I'd love to see a larger number of players come back to this game."
,Recommended,394230,29859304,Posted: 11 February,all,SHPEE,"Honset to God fell in love with this game. Initially bought under everyone elses' thoughts; ""Oh it's just an Overwatch clone."" It really, really is not. Intelligent character design, great story, and a fun in-match leveling system. Couldn't recommend this game enough to anyone. If not to play, then to show proof that it is it's own game and great fun."
76561198203461668,Recommended,394230,29831681,Posted: 10 February,all,toto,Diamondmust have in your librarylow player base
,Recommended,394230,31220474,Posted: 18 April,all,SiriusAng,"I really like this game. First i think this is something i test and then delete. Most of the games i play only hour or two. But today record say 38,7 hours, for me it is huge. So if you like co-up and want to change character/playstyle every 30min try this. :)Edit: After 169 hour.. and i think i have addicted now. I know some people don´t like small player base, but i really enjoy it. I know many of the european daily players and it is more fun when we know other players styles and skills (of course it make game harder). But luckily pro-players are really nice and helpfull and they welcome noobs in private games also."
,Recommended,394230,31514917,Posted: 2 May,all,Mermaider,It's a great game...theres just no one playing it so it takes forever to get into a match...if they dropped the price i guarantee more people would buy it.
76561197974355935,Not Recommended,394230,29023167,Posted: 4 January,all,ruperthere,"The game looks great but due to terrible performance it is not worth playing, I will stick with borderlands 2 instead unless this can be addressed."
76561198039449024,Not Recommended,394230,28952503,Posted: 2 January,all,Taze,"I cannot in good faith recommend this game.i have put tons of time into it, but unfortunatly the online multiplayer is tiny, you will be waiting in que for over 25 mins for a game, an when you get a game the chances of it being balanced is pretty much 0.gearbox/2k really chose a terrible time to release this game, along with some bad bugs at launch. However most of those bugs have been addressed an gearbox are still releasing content for this title, still supporting it.What is left behind is a great game, with a non existent player base.This game could be revived with a free to play model, an i hope they do, because it is a fantastic game that got 'meme'd' into destruction.However for now, i would not pick this up, IF this title ever goes Free-to-play i 100% recommend you check it out."
,Recommended,394230,29042646,Posted: 5 January,all,Ghoul,"So, this is one of the most fun shooters I've ever played. People like to compare it to overwatch/Palidins, but it's really not very like those games. The single player content in Battleborn is surprisingly quite good, and the versus multiplayer is actually a blast. The only downside to this game is the playerbase, as it's quite small finding a game can take anywhere from a minute or two, to upwards of ten. But honestly, I'd still say give game a shot, it will never grow if more people don't."
,Not Recommended,394230,23606469,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,حلال,"Battleborn has potential.....if it was a Free-To-Play game. Performance felt half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the Beta stage, and the matchmaking system is a disappointment as it can't find you people to play with (unless you wait for hours).If you don't live in the US, get Overwatch instead. With an optimized matchmaking, and a huge playerbase, you'll get more that what you've paid for."
,Not Recommended,394230,23607372,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Tenchi123,"I would have recommended this game until mircotransactions.....since you know cool skins, but I have no way to unlock them through game play.......but nope need to pay for it even though I got the season pass and so far nothing to show for well other then I have a gold hexagon...weeee......"
,Not Recommended,394230,23036929,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Toranar,"Look. I really really want to like this game. The gunplay can be good, the jokes are funny. But overall? I can't reccomend it.Why?Because most of the characters will take days to unlock, which means if you're playstyle is that of one of the upper tier characters you have no reason to ever play this game to the point where it'd even resemble fun.I'm also inclined to warn you that matchmaking tends to suck, as you'll often have one team clearly much farther ahead of the other in skill (or to phrase it differently, you'll usually see a team of level 10's fighting nothing but people at 50+)But the visuals are good, the story missions are fun, the comedy tends to be funny (though not for everyone clearly)Whereas the gunplay can be spotty, getting decent equipment is luck of the draw, and most of the community prefers to pull a surrender after 4 minutes of playing rather than finishing the game.Maybe it'll be better later on, but for right now I can't give it a solid reccomendation."
76561197998935647,Not Recommended,394230,23643504,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,The Empty Space,"I really wish I could recommend this, but I can't. Matchmaking is laughable, and the community is almost nonexistent. There are some cool mechanics and characters, but not enough to put with the bad multiplayer."
76561198059255660,Not Recommended,394230,23024694,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,☠Zyklon B☠,"If you are not serious player or you are just looking time to have fun with your friends with new moba game, then this game is for you. This game is horrible unbalanced, Items Make You way stronger than players with no right items, Melee damage is quadruble to the Ranged damage dealers...After 6 hours of Multiplayer versus I grew tired of facerolling tanks dealing more damage than ranged dps. I grew tired that Multiplayer map design is terrible They give serious disadvantages to the team on the defence....About 2 hours in Singleplayer... yes this game has single player :D . It was +OK  Bosses were hardish even in normal, with mike i even ended up dieing like 2 times... But For Moba game that works around Character balance, Map design, i would say NO just big fat NO ! Do it again and do it better.  ( Sorry for typos, english is not my language)"
,Recommended,394230,23212889,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Skyhawk,Battleborn is a great game that has everything I want and more!
,Not Recommended,394230,23944373,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gamerblue,"This game started out real promising. I love Gearbox and the Borderlands series. I played it alot when it first came out and it has alot of issues. I hate to compare it to Overwatch since they are so different but after playing OW I noticed alot of issues that should have been addressed. Queue times are insane. Takes forever to get into a match then a match last 20+ minutes. Its like raiding in an MMO, be prepared to make a serious time investment. Unlike OW you have to unlock characters you want to play which is a huge chore. Now that OW has killed most of the player base (its not even in top 100 steam games) the community has become extremely toxic. Everyone tries to surrender games as soon as they start losing. Its just not fun to play anymore (not even bringing up lag issues lately)P.S. - adding paid microtransactions before you even realease the season pass DLC is like a nail in the coffin. Just dont."
,Not Recommended,394230,28972691,Posted: 3 January,all,nae nae connoisseur,"game is dead, don't get it, only about 20 people play it, 70 minute queue times, ♥♥♥♥ that"
76561198119061616,Recommended,394230,23474070,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MrJGhost,If you play by yourself 6/10... if you play with friends 8/10... and add +1 if you loved any of the Borderlands games(yes even the pre-sequal).
76561198008204201,Not Recommended,394230,23724304,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mr. Popo,"Pains me to do this...really does, but I'm giving this game a negative review. I intially gave it a glowing positive review because I saw the potential of this game and I've watched as Gearbox just...didn't even try to capture it. Instead they make it worse and drove the player base away.Yes this is about the micro-transactions, yes I get I don't have to buy them, yes I get its just cosmetic. I don't care. This game doesn't need that garbage! It needs content, better matchmaking, more maps...something other than what were getting! This would've been ok to release after some of the season pass was released, you have yet to release the first part of it and your trying to milk the cash cow? Really?The sad part is that this game is very enjoyable, good community, interesting characters and plenty of stuff to discover. The fact that its just being poorly taken care of is whats driving players like me to give it that thumbs down. Hope that this game gets some proper love and care, then Ill change my review. Till then my interest is lost on this game."
,Recommended,394230,34751820,Posted: 5 September,all,[1Z]RaeBaer,"""I will not rest until every SHIRT ON THIS PLANET IS TUCKED THE ♥♥♥♥ IN!!""- Ambra"
76561197962167336,Recommended,394230,35074867,Posted: 19 September,all,John JOHNSON,"I like this game. Cool gameplay, characters, mechanics.I have the full deluxe edition, and it's unfortunate there are no players.I hope they make this fully free to play for all, and give a bunch of stuff out for the previous supporters. *Sigh*, it's a cool game, just no one plays for some odd reason.Where Paragon, Paladins have succeeded, this game failed. It could just be people are not fans of tthe feel of this game's mechanics and graphics, as well as timing.I hope they make this game fully free so we can get more players in. I just want to play bot battles."
,Not Recommended,394230,30205799,Posted: 26 February,all,Bear-Zerker,"Can't even play it in single player, since the difficulty doesn't scale.... and guess what?  Hardly anybody is playing at all, so it's become a waiting sim.  The game had potential.  HAD."
,Recommended,394230,22807446,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Talon Wren,"Pretty fun game. What I love about it aside from the individual flavor of characters (lore and how different they feel) is how you have a fully fleshed campign that actually has different dialog as you replay it and even react to what chars you pick sometimes and has them say things according to thier character.Aside from that anyone who's not ready to pvp can easily go story mode with others and practice with thier characters, get the feel of them, and enjoy the story.For pvp for the most part it seems pretty decently balanced. There are a few characters i personally think need tweaking but all in all they are a minor bugbear becuase my beef isnt that bad. Incursion mode is my favorite mode so far.All in all it's a win in my book, and apparently theres alot more to come. So we'll see what the future brings.Also, penguin in a mech suit?! A luchadore with robotic arms that spits out confetti with his name on it when he body slams?! Yeah..  Nuff said x3 Love it"
,Recommended,394230,24216184,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rill,"I love this game, its is such fun to play, a challenge on the harder settings (cos i'm not terribly good), there is a pvp option if you like that but i much prefer the story mode gameplay, entertaining dialogue which makes me laugh everytime i hear it. If you see it on sale or its just gone payday and you are wanting something to spend that cash that is burning a hole then i would say get it....get it now! :D"
,Not Recommended,394230,24069894,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"Battleborn ReviewLet me just plainly state that this game is boring. Thats literally the most simplest way i can explain this game in its entirety. Why buy this game when you can go and play Overwatch for the same price with so much more to do?PRO'S:Unique CharactersGood graphicsMaps are interestingCON'S:-Boring gameplay, theres 3 gamemods and 6 maps.-The lack of maps gives this game a few hours of good fun until it becomes repetitive.-AMD gpu's don't run this game well at all.-The campaign is bullet sponge garbage-The campaigns story is laughably bad.Conclusion,Maybe buy it on sale if you have friends to play with, as of updating this review (Jul 2nd 2017) the game is pretty much dead."
76561198094005024,Recommended,394230,24996177,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Vreya,"Let's be honest this game isn't for everybody but there's a lot of heart and soul in Battleborn if you truly give it a try it doesn't disappoint. Behind the cartoon graphics (very much like Borderlands) and overwhelming amount of partical effects on your screen is a truly in-depth next gen game. The amount of titles, achievements, character levelling and in game customisation via the item and helix system makes for truly customisable gameplay and strategy. The game does have issues, the graphics aren't up-to-scratch (this is done on purpose tho) and the gameplay isn't for everybody as for a FPS there's rather large learning curve.Yet this game truly has so much to offer and if you give yourself the chance to learn the helix system, learn the characters and enjoy the fresh and vibrant world either with your friends or against the world this game has a lot to offer. This game is for people who like games who take a chance on a concept and run with it, it's explosive and volatile but the payoff is a game I will be playing for years to come.See the game for what it has to offer not the fad of the week, give it a shot it's worth it."
,Recommended,394230,25978149,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,nisheethsaxena,Decent shooter. Really tough solo. Long and gruesome timebound stages. If you get it on discount try it. If you have friends on steam... which i unfortunately do not... then its a one time game only for private story... which is decent enough.. . Gameplay mechanic is solid. i got it for lest than 10 $ here in India. Worth my time for sure.
,Recommended,394230,24913638,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Trapstar,"i like the game, it just takes so long to find a game now feelsbadman"
,Recommended,394230,31685884,Posted: 11 May,all,atinybitmad,"Despite all the negative reviews I still think this game has a lot of potential and I love it :) The Story Mode is really cool and also the operations! There are still many things that can be done to help this game, but all in all I can recommend it."
,Not Recommended,394230,23592567,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Maldevich,Not recommended!- Not optimization- Low or should i say dead matchmaking- My 1st greatest regret buying a game
,Not Recommended,394230,25390521,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Bubba,"Lack of content thats all I need to say. Would have liked more story mode, more loot, more multiplayer gamemodes and maps, just more stuff. Thats all it needs."
,Not Recommended,394230,23432650,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Skooma_Salesman,"The game itself is very good. But the performance problems, fps drops, matchmaking delays are just too much. DO NOT buy this game on PC. Especially if you are playing from asia/sea."
76561198017756830,Not Recommended,394230,25184632,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Admiral,"this game has solid mecanics and great gameplay, it is unfortunate that every time i open it to play I am frustrated with a vast amount of tecnical issues and it has become unplayable."
76561198072103064,Recommended,394230,28702100,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Incident Report,"I bought this game during the sale because I was curious about why it was being compared to Overwatch. I had heard that this game had a story mode, which immediately I found jarring because that struck me as enough of a difference to warrant it to be thought of as its own thing.I am reviewing this as someone who has not touched the PvP yet, because when I buy games I want to see that they're worth it regardless of the state of its servers/online community. Admittedly I am not far through the story yet, but having done two of the optional missions and the first few story ones I really like this game a lot, and the dialogue is in the same style as that of the Borderlands writing. I'm going to be referring to it much more in relation to Borderlands than Overwatch because really that's the better comparison.Gameplay:It is basically Borderlands in terms of picking a character who will have a different ability and different skills to pick from, but instead of one ability it's three, and instead of retaining your level between missions you start at level one each time and have to upgrade as you go through each level. That's where the MOBA inspiration comes from, and about the only place that I see the connection to Overwatch in that they were both based on MOBAs.The running around and shooting things is the same as any fast paced FPS, just with your special abilities thrown in with their cooldowns... there's not really a lot else to say.In terms of the characters themselves: I don't know if my keys came from getting the Digital Deluxe edition or not, but basically you start with 10 of the cast unlocked, and can unlock the others by meeting the challenge requirements or spending a key on them. But if you unlock someone with a key, and then complete the necessary challenge, they give you your key back again to use on someone else if you want to try a new character out.I wouldn't get this game unless on sale because I really do not like the pricing on new release games, but at around $20 it's worth it."
,Recommended,394230,28723038,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,HashtagNolo,"Honestly a lot better than I thought it was going to be. Cool characters, fun gameplay. It's definitely not borderlands, but it's fun for what it is. Might have been a little disappointed if I'd bought it at full price (if for no other reason than the lack of active community rn), but definitely worth the $15 I spent on it. Would be even better if more people bought and played it."
,Recommended,394230,23222669,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Lightor36,"Much fun, many likes."
,Recommended,394230,31166443,Posted: 15 April,all,LeonardLeonard,Good game but highly underrated the servers are good and community good the only problem is no people in servers other then that chracters are balanced
76561197991145928,Recommended,394230,26741951,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hiro Agonist,"Amazing game that fell prey to some tragic marketing and competition.If you enjoy MOBAs and FPS titles, this is the perfect fusion you have been dreaming of.  The game mechanics are awesome, with extremely interesting and diverse skillsets and leveling options for each character, the combat is fast paced and tight, and if you appreciate the humor of Borderlands titles the story/characters are epic.However; the launch of this game was spectacularly botched.  Blizzard ""happened"" to launch their hero shooter simultaneously, which deeply ate into the player base.  Then you must consider Battleborn was released at AAA title price, but the various characters were locked from the beginning except for 5.  This was done to gradually introduce players to the characters, but people associated it with free to play rosters in such games as DOTA2 and League of Legends, so this decision displeased many.Furthermore there were initially massive graphical optimization problems on ATI cards, these didn't show up in the extensive beta/ technical test because they only occured on one specific map type not present in those tests.  In the first several weeks there were some very large balance problems as well.All of these factors led to the vast majority of the intended audience for this game giving it the cold shoulder.  This creates a further problem we are now dealing with, in that the small group of people who have stuck around have put a lot of time into the game and are now very competent.  So whenever completely new players pick up the game, they predominately play against people with hundreds of hours of playtime, get stomped, and give up.So if you have a good group of friends and go into this together, you can have a great time.  As a solo public grouper... Overwatch is a lot less intimidating :D"
,Not Recommended,394230,29844129,Posted: 11 February,all,BionicNinjas,"I don't normally write reviews but this game really calls for one. I really, really love the way Battleborn plays, and I really love the look and feel of the game. Gearbox has always nailed the aesthetic; I loved Bordrerlands to the point where I sunk over 600 hours into that franchise.I want to play this game. I can't. After about three hours with the game, I can't even make it to the menu anymore. ""Failed to authenticate server"" is the villain. Search Google, you'll do no better than I did in learnig that this game has serious technical issues. Why can the server not authenticate me? Why does it NEED to even when I want to play offline? Why won't Gearbox respond to the large number of people looking for answers as to why they can't play? Why don't they fix it?This is a faboulous game ruined by horrible technical issues. ""Wait and try later"" is not an acceptable troubleshooting answer, but it's the only one I could find. That Gearbox has had almost a year to address this issue and, apparently, has done nothing is unacceptable.Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,394230,23143953,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Bornt Urnge,"Fantastic writing, fantastic visuals, fantastic blend of MOBA and FPS gameplay. Can be a little busy visually sometimes, and I won't pretend my laptop can run it at optimal performance, but with so much to do and great PvE content on top of PvP, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by NOT buying this game! If you're concerned about the cost, I can assure you it's absolutely worth the money, but if you're a stickler for value I'd suggest looking for deals on other sites though, since you can get the whole game for $30 and the Deluxe for $40 (legt) at the right sites."
,Recommended,394230,29936393,Posted: 14 February,all,TIBBURZ,Winter update unlocked all twenty-some base heroes and frame rates are wayyy more consistent.
,Recommended,394230,30131485,Posted: 23 February,all,redhotbillygoat,worth it for quick co-op mp. not a big fan of pvp
76561198176538047,Recommended,394230,34785086,Posted: 6 September,all,aedancian orion,Underated game. excellent in lots of ways.
,Recommended,394230,22773647,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jelly_젤리☠,LOVE IT :DGood bye grades
76561197981665410,Recommended,394230,22780297,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nyke43,"A great blend of FPS and Moba-type mechanics that turn this game into a very unique arena shooter.I highly recommend, even if you have disliked shooters in the past, this game does a very good job of creating a fun atmosphere but also allowing for competitive play."
,Recommended,394230,23155163,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Blaithe,"I've recently become very bored of many of my favorite games, when the Battleborn Beta came out I found that had changed. Now whenever I find myself bored I can open up Battleborn and have a good time!"
76561198059655115,Recommended,394230,22778335,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ray,So many good memories.
,Recommended,394230,22773646,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BadassMinh,"A great FPS Moba game.Good thing about the game:1.Great animation and texture.2.Has a lot of character (Battleborn)3.Not a pay to win game.Bad things about the game:1.You only start with a few characters (Battleborn) and the requirements to unlock others are hard.2. Take a lot of time to find a server.3.it's hard to complete a story campaign and take very long time (about 1 hour) to complete 1 if you play alone.Still, it's a great game so i would give it 9/10"
,Recommended,394230,22779002,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Diomeza,Like playing borderlands but in MOBA edition '3'
,Recommended,394230,22778061,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,bBoGiE,Battleborn!!This game is awesome if your thinking about it just do it this game is so much fun and absolute chaos at all times.
76561198200670955,Recommended,394230,22775722,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,()Psych0Lem0n(),"This was never like Borderlands, because this game has its own charms. It has great humor, perfect art style, and a cartoon like opening sequence. So if your'e thinking on comparing this to overwatch better stop there, they are different on their own respective rights. All i can say is this game is worth it."
,Not Recommended,394230,23357726,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lucatiel,"Finished the singleplayer content in 2 hours, spent the next 8 trying to find multiplayer games. I logged 40 hours in the beta, was super hyped for this game, then they released it at the worst possible time and added♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all content than what the beta offered. Youtuber's Life has more active players than this game...Tried to refund, but I've played over 2 hours (when in reality I haven't), and was outraged after spending $80 (AUD) on the Digital Deluxe edition seeing it for sale 40% off the next week.Strongly recommend you don't buy this game, it's multiplayer is dead (which provides the only replayability).Has some major flaws, like the loot system which is totally useless, balance issues and an over the top art-style and UI.Save your money, buy Overwatch."
76561197986635423,Recommended,394230,22776472,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,SkaVader,Best FPS/MOBA hybrid to date. Blows Overwatch and Paragons out of the water.
,Recommended,394230,23355041,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,RedX,"Awesome game, single player and multiplayer modes.  The game is extremely fun and I love the dialogue. Constant updates from devs as well.  If you love borderlands, you will definitely love this game too.Edit 9/28/16:The game has a lot of potential and a lot of new things will be coming soon in October. Yea, you will run into your occasional jerks (in any game you will find that) but a lot of people in the community are nice. If you really wanna have fun with the game until the new patches kick in and the community grows again I suggest joining the BB discord. We all like helping others learn to play.The Devs DO listen"
,Recommended,394230,23327283,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Cynical Pod,"Love the game, the characters, generally runs well, the only negative I find being the queue times"
76561198043869524,Recommended,394230,23402280,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gargan Roo,"I don't get the complaints, and I'm one to get bored of games easily. I'm loving this game. Sure there's ""not that much content"" but they're adding more as they go. I like the pvp a lot so I'm having more than a good enough time just doing that. I bought the deluxe edition and do not regret it."
,Not Recommended,394230,23411400,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Daggermouth,Game is decent but the community is very small which causes game que times to be very very long i do not recommend this game unless it is on sale Also as the memes say it.Barelyborn already dead.
,Recommended,394230,23551023,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,PapaKarlo,"Very fun and non-standard game. Flashy visuals is something that can be distracting at first, but I've accustomed very fast.For me it's mostly 5v5 multiplayer game with heavy emphasis on PvE elements, a lot of fun and very different characters, multilayered progression (both mid-match and account-wise) and engaging gameplay.Campaign is a little repetitive if solo played, but pretty interesting in coop, ideally with friends.People reporting problems on AMD hardwares and long matchmaking, can't comment on both issues - haven't encountered any of them (played from Moscow), but be aware if you playing from distant regions."
,Recommended,394230,23162643,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Rado,"- Edit -CR 100 (max) for a few weeks now.  Lower # of players is a bit frustrating at times, but still enjoy the game.  Easily worth the price I paid for the time I've gotten out of it.-------------------Command Rank 50-ish, strictly a PvE player.Love the game.Love the banter and the character built into each Battleborn, particularly in their responses to each other.Plenty of replayability.I played the Closed Technical and Open Beta, picked up the DD edition without hesitation.Only con (remember, PvE experience only) is that there really should've been 3-4 more story missions to ship with the game.  Luckily we get FIVE more with DLC, and who knows, I imagine there's always potential for more as well as difficulties above Advanced.That said, if you dig grinding content, and especially PvE Co-op play (my favorite kind!), I feel that Battleborn delivers.If you try it out, I hope you enjoy it!"
,Recommended,394230,23328855,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,RadRedScorpion,"Battleborn is a FPS MOBA type game. The best way I can describe this game is a mix of Borderlands and Smite. After playing the open beta and had an awesome time playing it, I decided to buy the game when it released. I don't regret buying it. It's a lot of fun.The game has a lot of content. It has a story mode that you can play solo or coop with friends or other players. It also has multiplayer. There are 3 modes in multiplayer: Capture, Incursion and Meltdown. All modes are fun to play, in my opinion.But what I like the most about Battleborn are the characters. Each character is unique and plays differently. You can build the characters in different ways (depending on your playstyle), there are a lot of challenges to complete with each character and a lot more to do. The game runs well and I like the graphics. The only thing I don't like is the queue times, but besides that I think Battleborn is an awesome game.I definitely recommend this game. My score for Battleborn: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,394230,22969909,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Wiley Weavile,"A good game that's great with friends. Don't try to play alone, it won't be nearly as fun. The only real thing I could complain about is the lack of content. Story is waaaay too short and the missions are too similar. It felt like it was tacked on and the real focus went into the heroes and character progression. That's nice, but when there's not a whole lot you can do to advance said progression...eeeh. Some of the lore challenges are crazy too, with some being reasonable, easily obtained or downright grindfests. I don't think I'd mind how grindy some of them were if, once again, there were more things to do.I think what a lot of people (myself included) wanted to see was story content matching Borderlands' scope and depth. It's got the humor at least. At least what IS there is fairly entertaining. If Gearbox does well with the Season Pass stuff, it could really help this game along.*EDIT*That being said, if I had to rate this game on PVP alone, I'd give it a negative rating, or mixed at best. There needs to be more balance passes, matchmaking adjustments and exploit fixing, because between those problems and the one favorite map for each game mode, I feel like I'm playing the same terrible match over and over again, and it becomes very, very not fun. I've had some lucky pairings and a few good rounds, but it simply doesn't outweigh the bad. Gearbox has already released changes for certain characters, but unless they pull their act together and start putting out more patches, Battleborn isn't going to last."
,Recommended,394230,24959886,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Noelandpolly,Played a round or two. Seems fun. I'll play a few more to be sure.
76561198132292790,Not Recommended,394230,32415305,Posted: 14 June,all,JohannesTboss,You'll never look at your neighborhood supermarket the same way again.
76561198090480799,Not Recommended,394230,24345754,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,R4PTR_J3SUS,The game felt like a wanna be borderlands with a decent and story unengaging combat.There's currently far too little content to even be worth 40$ SERIOUSLY WAIT TILL IT GOES ON SALE OR A YEAR AFTER IT'S RELEASE!!!!
76561197968871628,Not Recommended,394230,24335012,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sil,"Not working in a bearable state on AMD m7970 notebook graphics. Shame, it seemed to be fun, but randomnly occuring lags and staggering, combined with tearing in other Areas ruined this for me. Not the first time I stepped into that trap. Borderlands 2 had similar problems with my setup. Baseline you shouldn't buy Gearbox titles with AMD Hardware..."
,Not Recommended,394230,25082862,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,LaughingButterCup,"First of all I want to point out that borderlands is my favorite, I mean I have completed borderlands 2 15 times now, borderlands 1 9 times and tps 5 times so once I heard about their new ip I was hooked at the start. The game lookd great and had it's own charm to it. I also signed up to the closed technical beta and managed to play it, even though it wasn't as great it still looked like it was heading in the right direction. Once the open beta came out, I played that a lot as well and it still looked like it was heading in the right direction. Then it finally came out, i'd pre ordered it and so I played it as soon as it came out and...to be frankly honest I was dissapointed. You'd think that the creators of one of the funniest gaming franchises would bring some laugh's into battleborn but there barely any good one, especialy feeling forced in. The story missions were very dissapointing since I easily completed them in 4 hours, and there was only two types of missions (well at the end it changes for two), it either was a boss battle (which I thought we're alright, not great but done alright) and protecting target's things. It was incredibaly tedious and made me loose any hope in this game. Now your likely thinking ""well this is a multiplayer game anyway, it's the multi player where the game shines"" and, to be honest, it fails on it tremendously, I mean at launch there was only THREE game modes with TWO maps on each which is very dissapointing, the multiplayer just got very boring after like 3 matches. Final point is that the game is pretty much dead anyway, if you like the multiplayer then great for you, have fun trying to look for a match!My Overall Rating : 6 / 10  (Game it's self is lacking, tedious and just a dissapointing, its also dead)Now if you do buy it, even players who love this game will agree with me on this, WAIT UNTIL A SALE, the game is incredibly overpriced!"
,Recommended,394230,22785169,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,rapid,good game.
76561198024920171,Not Recommended,394230,22934246,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Brakkish,"Sadly, Battleborn is the second game I've ever refunded on Steam.I absolutely love the Borderlands franchise, so I was surprised at how little fun I had in my short time with this game. The chaotic style, story and combat didn't click with me, and the single player option felt very hollow, as if it were never really meant to be played that way. Those things along with some performance issues (framerate drops, etc.), made me decide to go for a refund rather than push past the two hour mark to try multiplayer."
,Recommended,394230,30562812,Posted: 16 March,all,Seasoned Wanderer,Played it on PS4 for at least 50 hours and got it on here and I am still pleased. I wish this game would make a come back. Maybe when it turns F2P it will
76561198091591268,Recommended,394230,30579367,Posted: 17 March,all,⚜TinyTreeFucker⚜,PEOPLE NEED TO TRY BY THEMSELF AND NOT BY ANY REVIEW ///on my part i love this game ... give it a try /(8.5/10)
,Recommended,394230,30619389,Posted: 19 March,all,Bandonker®™,"It is a fun game, it’s just a shame that no one plays it. Also the lore challenges are complete rubbish having to rely on other people for you to achieve something especially in a game like this. They really should go free to play so i dont have to wait like 10-20 minutes to play one game."
76561198129489412,Recommended,394230,30593280,Posted: 18 March,all,KennyDeMoron,"The gameplay is nice , the devs should do something to the server if not this game will remain die forever...... yup i mean forever , make some nice solution to handle this problem......We need more players to play MOBA game, make it free to play or something like the tom clancy rainbow six (starter pack)..... no players mean no MOBA ......"
,Not Recommended,394230,33820799,Posted: 26 July,all,FastLawyer,"3.5 hours on record.  I think I spent 3 of those hours in the queue waiting for a game.  The few times I did manage to play a match it was boring as hell.They took out all the fun of Borderlands and took the worst parts of MOBAs and made this turd.  Only reason I'm not rating lower is because the game plays well and the graphics are nice.  It may be fun if you can manage to play with a group of friends, at least the coop missions.Rate:  3/10 do not buy ... just noticed that that it's now F2P and I spent $20 on this POS"
76561198025754276,Not Recommended,394230,34047946,Posted: 5 August,all,Keebs,"Great game, ruined by a♥♥♥♥♥♥release date, a broken MOBA mode at launch, and a dead community."
,Recommended,394230,22809982,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Positron,"It's like tower defense had a child with borderlands that had an affair with DOTA and somehow all of their genetic material formed, mashed together, mutated and spit out this game.My life is over.  10/10."
76561198054018867,Not Recommended,394230,23046648,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,StealthMaestro,"TL;DR THIS GAME IS A LOPSIDED MESS AND IS DEFINITELY NOT WORTH $80. CAN'T EVEN RETURN IT BECAUSE IT TAKES 2 HOURS TO FIND A MATCH.I gave the game a shot. I went into it knowing it's a MOBA and that it had to be played differently. It was fun and had that humour that borderlands had, but then after 2 hours of playing it got boring. I tried playing it some more and it took 10-15 minutes to find a match. When I got into said matches every single one of them was lopsided. Didn't have a single match where one team wasn't below 100. People don't know what to do in the game because they don't have a little tutorial, so new people think it's team death match, but people who've played it know what to do, how to play the objectives. The other issue is the matchmacking. It's ♥♥♥♥ed, no two ways about it. Instead of making even teams, or matching you against people who apparently have the same ""hidden rating"" as you, you seem to get put on the same team as those people, while the game matches you with the first team it finds. So many matches I've had a team of rank 15-20's and go against rank 40-60. People that are higher rank know what they're doing and know their characters much better than anyone at the rank I was at. It became very repetitive and just annoying to barely find matches, and what matches that were found were so lopsided they lasted 5 minutes because then it was a surrender. But I wanted to like it, I wanted to try and get better, but it isn't worth the time. I feel completely ripped off, $80 for a disaster of a MOBA. I was hoping to get at least half my money's worth when I picked it up, but after 10 hours of what was basically 5 minute matches of surrenders, it became a chore to play, just so I can say I didn't waste my money, but I did. Don't waste yours."
,Recommended,394230,22855247,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,bran,Play as your favorite character and defend Boldur.
76561198019271197,Not Recommended,394230,23606581,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,AshWing,All you need to know is that they added micro-transactions to a game that is already doing very poorly to keep a crowd.
,Recommended,394230,23265762,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Luno Myr,"Loving the game so far! The characters are great, the hand-drawn VFX are breathtaking (if ocassionally overwhelming), and the game modes are varied and plentiful.Also, don't believe anyone that tells you the game is ""dead"" or ""dying"". It's never taken me more than a minute or two to find a game in any of the modes.Honestly, the only major flaw in Battleborn is its release timing. Overwatch is sucking out all the air in the room right now, with its hype, marketing, and accessibility. Because of this, people are looking for ways to validate Battleborn's not doing well that aren't simply ""Overwatch"", so they're finding and over-emphasizing Battleborn's flaws.I can' almost guarantee that if Battleborn were released at any other time, it would have immediately done better and the general consensus about the game would be more positive.TL;DR: Don't buy into the anti-hype! Battleborn is excelent and lively! And this is coming from someone who also loves Overwatch to death, so no bias here. The two games are different enough to exist in the same space, but superficially similar enough to be competing for the same people's attention. I can see Battleborn growing and growing over time as the space opens up a bit."
,Recommended,394230,23507527,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,KurdishForces,"SO besides the fact that the matchmaking needs to be fixed, AKA lvl 100s vs lvl 4s, This game is pretty solid, Hoping it doesn't die out but the campagain tells a story and the multiplayer is fun. They just need to fix the issue with the skill gaps and MM times."
,Recommended,394230,22772770,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,EvilLinux,"Do you like Borderlands?  Do you like Borderlands' humor?  You are going to love this game!  The graphics are beautiful, the game is smooth, beautiful and a ton of fun.  I've only played for a little bit and this is exactly the type of game I have been waiting for to play.  It plays like a FPS MOBA with Boardlands' humor and great character progress.  Playing the missions are challenging and lots of fun.  The PvP aspect of the game is even more fun and keeps the game fresh.HIghly recommend this game and I believe it will only get better later on with the DLC and overall player base!"
,Recommended,394230,24105918,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Machete,Battleborn > Overwatch
76561197970631228,Recommended,394230,23796180,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,smellycarney,"Mash together LoL and Overwatch, stir in some Gearbox humor, and sprinkle on a bit more goodness - what you end up with is Battleborn. It's excellent at what it is. I think a lot of people didn't understand that it's a FPMOBA, so they're all butthurt in the reviews. The reality is it has tight controls, fun characters, pretty graphics, and is overalll a much better game than people seem to be giving it credit for. Try it. Actually play it. You'll probably come away pleasantly surprised."
,Not Recommended,394230,22806419,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Fast & Loose,"The game itself is pretty fun, the abilities are nice and the characters are unique.If you are looking for evidence of Gearbox not understanding their audience, this is it. Like I mentioned, the characters are great, but there are many many things that are missing. Presumably from rushing the game out to beat Overwatch.Missing: there are many characters that use stacks, things like ""kill an enemy, get a stack that = +30 health"". However, there is nowhere you can see these stacks or follow its progress. The balancing is atrocious between characters and maps, where Capture is not played at all, and the other 2 modes may as well have 1 map considering how often people vote for the same one.Matchmaking itself can take upwards of half an hour for the most popular game modes. I am typing this right now out of boredom after waiting 20+ minutes for a game.One last thing - They put the game on 40% off after a few weeks of the game being released, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on those who pre-purchased the game or bought it early. Also signalling that the game isn't doing well at all. And it isn't.4/10. (Try overwatch, pretty much the same except they thought about balance, gamers and matchmaking)"
76561198067947875,Recommended,394230,23796532,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GreyAethelwulf,"TLDR: Awesome game, though not perfect. Overall 8/10This is a really entertaining game, but has it's fair share of flaws that you have to take into consideration. The characters/maps are constantly being balanced, similar to a moba, and improvements are made continuously. The game features a diverse cast of characters that all feel unique in design and playstyle, and can be tailered, to a degree, to your own preferences through level up choices and gear.However, if you're thinking you can just blindly jump into PvP and do well, you'll be sorely mistaken. Leveling up, acquiring gear and unlocking new options for when you level up are an essential part of the game. In the same vein, the PvE missions are important to play through, not just to familiarize yourself with the game but also to acquire gear and unlock characters.Speaking of, not all characters are available from the start and can be unlocked by one of two methods: 1) reaching a certain command (account) rank or 2) fulfilling a specified condition (completiing a mission, play as x character x times etc.). While I personally don't mind this, I can imagine people struggle with this. This doesn't mean that you don't have competitive options to start with. For example, Oscar Mike, one of the first batch you unlock after the tutorial mission, is extremely competitive and considered one of the best, if not the best, lane pusher in the game.PvP Matchmaking is still very much a work in progress, and with the realtively small playerbase at the moment, can result in unfair matchups against parties or people with far more experience than you. This can make solo-PvP frustrating at times, but is easily solved by partying up with a friend.If you're looking for a PvE/PvP shooter that offers depth and tangible progression, you can sink hours on end into and doesn't take itself too seriously, Battleborn is the game for you.PROS:- Tangible progression- Loot collection- Diverse cast of characters with strong personalities- Versatility in character builds- Both PvE and PvP optionsCONS- Requires time to gather necessary gear- PvE missions can be punishing- Not all characters are available from the start- Particle effects can cover up a lot of the screen, to the point that visibility is nearly 0- PvP matchmaking can be iffy at times"
76561198021700889,Recommended,394230,23255968,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Anibro,"Ok i must confess (it is obvious after all) that i just started playing Battleborn today, still...I had a blast playing story coop so far, although i do realize there are only 8 missions as of now.More are comming and if you have the season pass or just wait there is more inbound.At least 5 content drops and more heroes on the way as far as i know.I am definetivly looking forward to PvP too, and since character and Commander (as in your personal) Ranks count for PvE and PvP is a plus in my book.Character ranks give you alternative taunts and skins aswell as new Choices in the Helix-Menu of the chosen hero.Commander rank determines what heroes you can play, are unlocked, except for some characters that are unlocked via story missions. You can unlock some of them faster by doing certain challenges.You can also unlock them via gold keys, which btw will be returned to you, if you achieve the unlock condition for the chosen hero.You also get access to epic and rare Lootboxes, which you can buy with ingame currency, no free to play ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Just plain old grinding for that, which you can also spend on expanding your gear page, bank...whatever...from 40 to 80 i think, and buying new loadout slots.Each loadout (preset) slot can hold a maximum of 3 gear peaces in rarity from common (white), uncommon (green), rare (blue), epic (purple) and legendary (orange).Depending on rarity the activation cost per item in the loadout get more expensive. You activate those via shards. But you may also need shards while playing to pay for stuff like traps, turrets or drone-NPCs to help you in the game, which is where you can find / loot them!The Helix menu i mentioned above (DNA-style) lets you pick one of two (later unlocked extra choices) for each level you achieve in a game session. These Levels do reset after each game though. It isn't the best decision, if you ask me, that you need to do all that over again everytime you play PvX, Helix-Loadouts anyone (looks at gearbox)??PROS:- Everything aboveCONS:- FPS could be better optimized. I have more than reccomended specs and still only 30-40 FPS (no max settings)- Give us Helix-Loadouts!!!- Unused potential could need more game modes and mapsConclusion:So you see. Battleborn is quite complex and in my book a lot of fun.I don't get all the negative reviews of the game.Waiting times in EU region are perfectly fine, although i feel sorry for the people who are in a region where it sucks.I played both battleborn and overwatch beta...and i personally think overwatch is just a better Team Fortress clone (polished to the core i give you that Blizzard) , while Battleborn has way more potential in every departement and doesn't  use Microtransactions for lootboxes.But to each his/her own i guess.While i see problems i think Battleborn is like a good wine, just needs more time and bit more polish to attract the masses. Supporting Battleborn just ensures we get a better overall product and more nice stuff to come our way :)My personal advice? get it now it's on discount."
,Not Recommended,394230,23083301,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Generic,"Okay if you play this game with friends, then yes get this game. But if you play usally by yourself, then no here are the reasons. Both the multiplayer and story missions get very repetitive. The story missions are all defend a certain point then fight a boss."
,Not Recommended,394230,22810542,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ale Ks,"I usually play on a QHD monitor with native resolution without issues.The game is not optimized for my gpu, because i run the game with all low settings, disabled all (ambient occlusion, physics...) I also set the resolution to 1920x1080, but the game remains laggy.Sometimes i reach 120fps in game, but a lot of times it's unplayable cause i got 19 fps.....there is a huge fps dropI got an AMD 7970 GHz Edition with 3GB VRAM.I hope this game will be optimize for AMD users.The gameplay is really funny and i have no problems to find a session, but with that propblems it's really hard to play."
76561198045496047,Recommended,394230,23049658,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Blair,"BattleBorn Review--------------------(Cons)*The price isin't exactly right for what you currently get right now. Had gearbox went the 40$ route you would have had a much better playerbase and much better defense for any argument thrown at it. That alone would have brought thousands of more people. Hell they may have even made more money...* Matchmaking. This will be patched*It's not Borderlands3*Minor (get stuck) glitch's*Currently short campaign. (Highly recommend you duo co-op the first time around on Adv mode for a better experience as well as to draw it out more.)*Horrible release date choice.*Horrible Marketing.*It's still not Borderlands3.-----(Pros)*Rath's voice actor is Christopher Sabat (Vegeta)*Orendi's voice actor is Ash (Tiny Tina)*decent humor*The story is fun to duo play*Loot*Lore is pretty decent*98% of the current cast is very interesting and diverse*Free DLC*Skills are fun and interesting*UI is not as bad as people claim it to be*Skills/Taunts/Lores/Heros/Skins/Achievements/Stats to unlock*Muiltiplayer is fun when matchmaking works*Geoff the mech who thinks he's a real spider....*Skill animations...VERY detailed...no no... not the actual skills. Look at the hand movements.... The way marquis runs...or how you take out his owl... Orendi's hands, Shayns fingerbang,Miko's kunai throws etc. little things like this are very nice and i hope they incorporate them into Borderlands3.-------------------End Review."
76561197993524945,Not Recommended,394230,23087714,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,FU,"I hate this game to a great extent, but i even dont think that it is a overall bad gamei even  payed 65€ for the deluxe version, please dont repeat my mistake.My grudge is not with the overly colorfull environment. Some people already complained about this, but I also happen to like it.But i think that there are some seemingly minor designdecisions where the gamedesigner ♥♥♥♥ed up to the fullest.First of all:You do not have controll on which map you playIn the gamemode that i prefer, you are presented 3 random maps and one dont-care-choice.Players vote for the map to be played on.So if you are unlucky (which you are most of the time) youre forced to play a map which you may not like.In my case ""the sentinel"", the experiment or ""the archive"". because in, for example the experiment,  there is a too long break in event chain till the npc has reached its spot to go on in the story.When players are forced to play a map, the already finished and they dont like, they quit and i am no exception.I in my experience, thats the rule and i have to quit quiet often thill i get map i want to play on. (Alt-F4 FTW)The game can not replenish the gone players.So if you would like to have a full game, which is harder and has more enemies, this it is most rarely going to happen.I just want to pick the map i like and wait for players wanting to play the same map, which would seem pretty standard to me, but thats not possible.In the games are always the same cutscenes, which you cant quit from the moment they appear, but only after a while of watching them. I want to immerse in gameplay and not watching the same  trivial narratives i already know of.When i first started the game, i had to watch a lenghtly, not-so-well-done animationmovie with  hiphopmusic in the background. It wasnt the worst ive ever looked at, but i still found it boring and guess what? IMPOSSIBLE TO SKIP THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥Unskippable cutscenes are an absolute NO-GO in any game and ultimatively not apologizeable.  They make of a 76% game a 65% game.And then there is delay on all corners around the game. You want to play a game? wait 1-2  minutes, till the game has found willing players. OK, willing players found. Now hope they vote for the map, that you like. Then wait 90 seconds again untill everyone decided which class he wants to play. Everyone has decided, cool, wait a little bit longer in the selection screen untill the timer is done. whats the purpose of the timer anymore? Nobody knows? Have some players forgotten to decide for the last two steps to select a skin and a taunting move (and why should that be important?)? nobody knows...Now the game should start, but wait, no...!!! They game now presents to you who plays what and what his taunting move is. Friggin uninteresting and useless after a thousand times.. Now a cutscenes appears which is not skipable in the first 15seconds( or longer, it just feels tedious, ok, i admit its their loading screen, but for my taste ""loading game..."" whould have been enough). You escape the introduction cutscene wiht ESC and listen to the narrative introduction which you already may know of . IMHO better no loadingscreen which has to load fancy 3D sceneryAt the end, when you want to quit the game, there is a stupid superfluous title screen, from which you have to quit again.What?? When it quit, it means quit. finito! Alt-F4 is the better way to quit the game.That may not seem much, but i think the devil is in the details and with Blizzards overwatch comming, though it may be a slightly different game, Gamedesigners ♥♥♥♥ed up greatly in their stubbornness. Maybe they thought, that they delivered a piece of art, which deserved being watched, but the did not think about long-time-game-experienceConcerning gameplay: play a melee character in the story missions. With a ranged character, some huge meleer/tank will always be in the way. (oh how much i whish, that there would be friendly fire and that would be ok, remember, its friendly) and with ranged characters killing enemies always feels chewy.After that expense, i abstain from buying  gearboxgames anymore."
76561198122137656,Not Recommended,394230,23161205,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,_bxr_,"First of all I was really excited about this game. I thought the art style was interesting and the heroes seemed well thought out so I couldnt wait to get it. When I first started playing, I wasnt a huge fan due to the learning curve it had for me. The more I played however, the more I became involved with the game and the more addicting it became.With that being said, I really enjoy this game. Right now it is probably my favorite game to play, when I can. That is the problem, when I can. The matchmaking is not only unbalanced, you can only get into a game during certain times of the day. I'm writing this review while I'm waiting to join a game. I've been waiting about 30 minutes on a Monday at 4 pm EST. I tried this morning, around 8am, waited for players for an hour and finally gave up. Yesterday, Sunday, was decent during the day until around 8/9pm then it all went downhill.On the unbalanced issue of matchmaking, since more people have leveled up it is not the issue it was initially when there were only a few high xp players. To be fair now that is much more balanced most of the time.Overall Game is great but I can't recommend because I can hardly get into a game."
76561198044210490,Recommended,394230,23184873,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Extro,"ALRIGHT MAGGOTS, DO YOU ENJOY BEATING BADASS CHARACTERS IN THE FACE WITH AN AXE, SHOOTING THEM IN THE♥♥♥♥♥WITH A BOW OR GUN, OR MAYBE YOU JUST FEEL LIKE BURSTING THEM WITH A CRAZY♥♥♥♥♥WITCH. WELL IF YOU DO BATTLEBORN IS THE GAME FOR YOU. NOW DROP DOWN AND GIVE ME PUSH-UPS MAGGOTS 1....2.....6..♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198023061218,Not Recommended,394230,22908243,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Fluffylolkin,"Do not purchase this game. It was worth playing free in the beta which actually run smoother than the full product. Suffers from aimbotters as there is no anti cheat system and they can be viewed on youtube, the matchmaking system will constantly screw you over, the game is terribly optimized and most maps will leave your high end pc with fps lag worse than you can imagine. really, just look it up. the game has almost no population to find players to game with in pvp and in pve. If you dont have a friends list of players you cant even access the harder pve content. The servers are constantly plagued with players not being able to log on and worst of all, there is no communication from the company. Terrible product. Buyers remorse."
,Not Recommended,394230,23279655,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ashton,Cool idea done really poorly
76561198000613090,Not Recommended,394230,22870179,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Stallion,"This game is pretty fun...for a while. The different characters are fun to play and unique. I find the humor great. The co-op maps are entertaining but get repetitive fast. The PvP is good but the biggest problem I've seen so far is the matchmaking. I'm around command level 10-15 and get paired up with a team of random people about the same level, and then the game matches us up against a full team of command level 25-30 (obviously premade group) opponents. That matching happens 90% of the time I queue. It's impossible to win a game like that. Of the 20 or so PvP games I've played, I have been on the winning side maybe 2-3 times. It makes the most replayable portion of this game unplayable. I don't see myself keeping this game."
76561198031349541,Not Recommended,394230,23336397,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,n1x39,"Not my style of game. The matchmaking system in this game is absolute trash, and the playerbase is dying daily, and will continue to go down. The single player was just as bad."
76561198088970122,Not Recommended,394230,23338300,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Leddwzrd,"Pros:-Multiplayer has the ptoential to be good fun when it all works-Story mode adds a few hours to play around in.-Plenty of unlockablesCons:-Match queue times killed this game for me. 20 mins plus.-Matchmaking seems to be random.-Connection issues constantly, although no problems with any other games.-Having the game dropped to $40 after pre-ordering at fullprice yet not having the big issues addressed... SaltyyyyyTried to like this game... Got caught up on the hype, lesson learnt.Wouldn't recommend unless you've got cash to burn or can pick it up cheap."
76561198076346641,Not Recommended,394230,28229623,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,g2mb,"if you  want story, play Borderlands 2 some more.Battleborn has only ten hours of plot.PVP is OK.THERE IS NO OFFLINE PLAY WITH THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,394230,23902196,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Canteu,"This game is now dead on PC, can take up to 30-40 minutes to find a game with 800 peak players. Abandon ship."
,Not Recommended,394230,23390986,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,「🌟」constraint™,"This is not going to be a review praising Battleborn for doing something it hasn't. I'm not going to suck Gearbox's♥♥♥♥♥♥because they did such a great job at Borderlands 1 and 2 and give them a free pass on Battleborn. There were expectations to be met, a certain level of polish and depth to this game that seemed like it was promised but never truly delivered.If you want to get a TL;DR, here's my YouTube version containing a very condensed version of why I gave it the rating I did.Video LinkLet's start off with the marketing. Nonexistent from what I've seen. While I'm being bombarded by Overwatch ads on YouTube, on billboards, on the buses and subways of New York, Gearbox has decided that their Borderlands fanbase alone would be enough to keep players chugging along with the so-called ""story"" missions to grind up to get items that are supposed to help you in PvP. Take it from a Borderlands veteran, I myself am extremely sick and tired of the grind, but I'll explain that in a later section. So, while Overwatch has been garnering old and new players alike to their roster of fans, Battleborn has gained only a portion of their Borderlands playerbase. And even then, that playerbase has declined so much since release, it's as sad as it is unsurprising. Gearbox could have gained a lot more attention to the game if they even bothered to explain what the PvP game modes are like. Did anyone even know PvP was going to have a MOBA mode before the open beta? No? Well the few thousand people that saw the obscure YouTube video they made about it did.Now the bread and butter, glitches and bugs since release. What the hell Gearbox? It was nice of you to offer an open beta to everyone.. FOR TWO DAYS.. and then release the game as broken as it was. It clearly had more of a marketing incentive than a bug-fixing one. If you played the game on release, you'd be hit with horrible hitboxes that wouldn't allow you to move and get killed, enemies getting stuck in one place and having to wait 2 to 3 minutes for the game to realize it and continue to the next wave, friendly body collisions making it difficult to maneuver in tight spaces, especially if you have a bigger character like ISIC or Ghalt. Simple things like this quite literally made the game unplayable. If it happened once or twice in maybe 20 to 30 hours of gameplay, it'd be acceptable. This happened at LEAST once a match. Keep in mind this was my experience. Kudos to you if you were able to avoid all these problems. But I know I'm not the only one who has faced them.PvP is also a mess. OP♥♥♥♥♥characters like ISIC, Galilea, Deande and Phoebe absolutely bodying other characters and being able to push objects much faster than others. And don't even bother stating otherwise. Gearbox has acknowledged these problems and have been putting out fixes weekly. You know what would have fixed these problems better before release? MAYBE A PROLONGED BETA... That isn't even the worst of it. Sniper classes like Marquis and Thorn were able to gain position on their spawn point where they were able to see the enemy sentry and snipe them out within the first couple of minutes of the match. You let some game breaking crap like that get past you? You know what would have fixed it? PROLONGED. BETA. Realize that Overwatch has had a crazy long closed beta and then an open beta where they took every single concern, bug, glitch and OP character and fixed them along the way. Also realize that their beta contained THE ENTIRE GAME. Gearbox only opened up 2 story missions and I believe 1 or 2 PvP modes for play. You can imagine the beta versions of the story missions played near flawlessly. The other 6? Bug ridden mess. Story missions like Saboteur and The Experiment were quite literally impossible even with a formed group on advanced mode. Know why? Gearbox didn't normalize the HP stat values of the defend points even when the enemies were dishing out insane amounts of damage. 4-6 hits and the point was down, wasting about 20 minutes of my time as well as the teams.But, Gearbox promised FREE, NEW characters to EVERYONE that play Battleborn, with or without the Season Pass (why are Season Passes still a thing...). So, I thought I'd hang around to see what kinds of characters they'd release. What garbage. They release Alani, which is some broken♥♥♥♥♥character to play in PvP. AOE that slows? Healing abilities? Insane DPS? Who the hell needs any other character? Set up a tank next to her and you can 2-man ANY PvP game and body the enemy team. Of course, these were level 100 Alanis because again, no one plays this game anymore other than veterans. But, it's cool. It's a new character and they needed to give the players an incentive to get excited so they created this broken mess. But they put her behind a time-wall of a week. Only those with the Season Pass or the definitive edition were able to play her. Again, have to make it seem like a worthwhile deal to the idiots that buy into garbage Season Passes like these. Again, whatever. I'll wait a week. But then I started seeing rumors flying around saying it'd cost 47,500 in game credits to unlock her. No real challenges to do like Ghalt where you have to beat every story mission on Advanced difficulty (insanely hard before the buff on the defend points), simply save up credits to get her. In an average 30-40 minute PvE mission, you'd be lucky to get past 1,000 credits. That's about 45 games (rounding down for Gearbox's benefit). That's 22.5 hours. For one character unlock. Seriously? You couldn't have told us this before hand so those that give a crap about your game could save up? Oh wait, you did this so idiots would buy into your Season Pass. You did it Gearbox. You became Activision, EA and Ubisoft overnight. Well done.Buy this game if you don't give a crap about money and if you want to fund bad practices. I wouldn't even bother buying it if it was for 5 dollars because the amount of ""fun"" you'll have playing it isn't worth it.BIG ♥♥♥♥ING EDIT: HAHAHAHA WHAT A ♥♥♥♥ING JOKE. MICROTRANSACTIONS. KEEP DEFENDING THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SYSTEM YOU SCUMMY PIECES OF SHITES."
76561197984314236,Not Recommended,394230,23089198,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Senhor Coelho,"Broken exploitable maps since beta, unbalanced matchmaking."
,Not Recommended,394230,23196084,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,George,"First thing's first: the game has potential.  Oodles of it.  So if you're reading this review, do yourself a huge favor and put the game on your wishlist, and check back on it when it goes on sale.  By then, many of these extremely fixable issues may be gone, and it'll be top-notch.Now the review.  I really want to like this game.  I REALLY do.  It ticks a lot of boxes for me, not the least that it's like Super Monday Night Combat.  Unfortunately, the game tries very hard to be unlikeable, and here's why:-Characters aren't really balanced.  Many of them have abilities that any experienced MOBA or MOBA/FPS hybrid player would instantly know are overpowered.  Not so for Gearbox's first foray, apparently.-Content is limited.  There's a lot of characters and gameplay customization, but everything else, especially maps, is lacking.-Existing content has flaws.  Half the maps are blatantly unplayable or unfun, 95% of the playerbase agrees.  Maps are chosen by vote, and in PVP, you'll usually play the same map over and over.  Even the popular ones often feel like too small of a playing area and create frustrating bottlenecks.That said, and here's why I told you to bookmark the game anyway:  Gearbox is aware of this, and working extremely proactively to correct and add onto the game.  A cynical person may think they're just throwing good money after bad, trying to prop up their investment, but I don't buy it.  Mainly because people seem to forget that their flagship franchise Borderlands was a sleeper hit.  It wasn't an instant success, but they supported it anyway, and it paid off.  So, if you're the kind of person who played Brink, Super Monday Night Combat, bought The Orange Box, and generally just looks for quality games over what everyone else is playing, keep an eye on Battleborn.  Check back in a few months and you may find all these issues completely ironed out.P.S.: I'll continue to play the game despite its current flaws.  It's still a better offering than what the casual hordes play."
,Not Recommended,394230,22977209,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ziro,"Had no expectations for the game. Played games like borderlands , cs:go , left4dead , overwatch , dota2 , lol , smite etc , just for the record.Somewhat clunky game that does not capture the feel of gunplay that borderlands does. Shooting feels like a lackluster.Gfx are all over the place , especially in pvp where there are minions and enemies running around. Also may be demanding on your rig.The matchmaking OMG! 8/10 times i've been matched with guys that are my level to enemies that are 3 X level that i am = one sided matches that snowball so quickly. This needs to be fixed.The moba gamemode incursion is the mode that most play and it's so broken. When enemy team gets your first sentry / tower you are pretty much done for and can vote for the surrender , there is no coming back from that point. Very frusturating.Characters don't light me up. Every one feels pretty boring to me and a bunch of characters are behind goals that you have to unlock to play them. If you compare the characters to overwatch , you really start to respect the character design of overwatch.Overall , game feels very over the place and needs a ton of balancing. Sadly , the playerbase will not be there enymore. I see this game like Evolve 2.0"
,Not Recommended,394230,23301473,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dualsaga184,"Poorly optimized, really want to like it and would if they said it was early release but they didn't they say it's done and it's not."
,Not Recommended,394230,23319886,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,BattleAxe0,Matchmaking is pathetic. You\'ll just be fristrated being matched with level 2s and 3s against level 80s.  Don\'t buy.
,Not Recommended,394230,23697232,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Barku29,"Wait to get this game on sale, it isn't worth $59.99"
,Not Recommended,394230,23147871,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Defq0n1,"Bad game. Expect to be made to play against people vastly higher in level, premade groups destroying random pub players, and horrible PVP balance. Great writing and dialogue wasted on a forgettable campaign. DO NOT BUY. Here I come overwatch!"
,Not Recommended,394230,23335673,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Silence,"Amazing game, amazing graphics, love the story ( which i did SOLO ) but the match making system is a TOTAL FAIL! please fix it .... so no i dont recommend this game until the match makign system is fixed and can find public game in under 5 minutes."
,Not Recommended,394230,22824243,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,dreadrek85,"After having to deal with the required and laggy prologue, I can't seem to get into an online match without being disconnected from the server as soon as the match starts. Then I have no option but to re-join the match I was disconnected from because it is still in progress. Once i re-join, it picks a random character for me and I have no choice in who I use, and there is no way for me to change that as far as I know.  I am considering a refund unless somebody has a solution to this. The beta ran perfect for me, yet the full release I paid money for runs like crap."
76561197975685849,Not Recommended,394230,22848552,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Toir-Elli,"Yes, but..... I can't until they patch it.Crashes constantly. I want to play it so much, but my video card keeps dying. I've only been able to finish one mission, but even then I had 4 crashes and disconnects."
,Not Recommended,394230,23300409,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"Buy Overwatch instead. NO ONE plays the ♥♥♥♥ing game. Also, I had better frame rate in the BETA. I cann't even hold 30 let alone anything else on low. I wasted my ♥♥♥♥ing money on this game that I enjoyed. Would love a refund but too late for that. Just get Overwatch instead.Edit: Now that this is F2P I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!! I SPENT MONEY AND NOW OTHERS DONT HAVE TO?!?! ♥♥♥♥ YOU!"
76561197997996542,Not Recommended,394230,23320922,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Gideon,"40% price drop less than two weeks after launch and a really bad matchmaking system make this game incredibly hard to recommend.Overall, Battleborn is a pretty fun game, especially for the on-sale price tag that was offered. However, at full-price, Battleborn offers only 8 story mode maps (with repititive/unimaginative gameplay mechanics) and 3 PvP modes. While the game has fantastic character and charm, it lacks in support from Gearbox developers, and certainly does not need to be charging $5.00 for additional content; any content offered in the season pass or through DLC should have been included in the original box-price.PvP is just not supported fully, at all, especially for a game that was marketed almost exclusively as a PvP title with a PvE side-story. There is no ranked matchmaking system, meaning you get pitted against players much more skilled or much less skilled than yourself, and rarely see a truly balanced and fun match. Additionally, there is no pre-made queue, spectator mode, or practice mode (bots are a total joke that get stuck on geometry constantly), which are staples for a MOBA style game wishing to compete in an already competitive market.I love Gearbox and all their work, but Battleborn is not worth it at a $60.00 (or $75) price tag. Buy this game on sale if you want a funny PvE mission with comedic charm, but do not invest if you\'re interested in the PvP aspect until they improve matchmaking and properly support a competitive crowd. Aimbotting and lag switching are also rampant, and combined with no report feature, cheating continutes to go unpunished."
76561198072122501,Recommended,394230,23409955,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Quinton Starbanger IV,Not for everyone but a lot of fun for me. If you like borderlands a recommend this.
76561197960456349,Recommended,394230,24073138,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,pwnstar,I like it better than Overwatch.
76561198054054939,Not Recommended,394230,29697575,Posted: 4 February,all,Sinister Invidia,"I've started with the solo campaign and was all hyped up.Great characters, fun fighting system against the Ai's.But then.First of all it takes quite some time to find a mp game.The WORST part is the MATCHMAKING SYSTEM.Me.3~4hours.Teammates 4~20hoursEnemy team (as absurd as its sounds) ranges from 200~2k hours?!Yes in my first three and also the last obv I was matched with teammates of a max 20k hour playtime.While the enemies only had master tiers and as you can guess 200~2k hours of playtime!So if you seriously intend to play this legit, forget it, theres no way of catching up to this its absurd."
76561197960409779,Not Recommended,394230,25369995,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,LaKriz,"NOT RECOMMENDED. 1/10 - Don't spend ANY money on this.First off: I love the Borderlands franchise. So I thought: ""Hey, what could go wrong, Gearbox has enough experience with the RPG shooter genre, this game should be fun."" Sadly, this is one of the worst games I ever bought for full price. I regret that I didn't ask to refund the game after I saw the intro - it got so much worse from there on. The intro/cut scenes alone made me vomit - they look like really bad placeholders, and feature a graphics style that is just laughable for a studio like this. Then the game it self plays as if Gearbox never made any of the Borderlands games, it feels like an early alpha version and not like a full price release. Multiplayer was dead from the beginning on, if you are willing to wait 20+ minutes to even find a match, you will be put into a totally unbalanced team which completely kills the little fun there is to be had."
76561198032155338,Recommended,394230,23101188,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Damaein,"There are 3 reason you are looking at thisReason 1: You are on the fence and this review may help you decide  one way or the other.Reason 2: You are definitely getting this game and you are just being asinineReason 3: You aren't getting it and you are looking for a review you can downvote because it isn't about overwatch.Let me help youAnswer 1: Buy it so I can pop a cap in that sweet♥♥♥♥♥Answer 2: Stop trying to make everything perfect. You can't know everything 100%. Oh and OCD you missed out on the preorder skin bonuses. Get rektAnswer 3: Get off your knees. WoW sucks, HotS is a sad attempt at crosselling, HStone is a phone game, and OW is a dumbed down version of Battleborn that only has a minute chance because of fanboys and $$$. Go ahead, your tears are delicious.TL;DRBattleborn has more characters, a better system leveling system, an actual loot system, fun Story campaign, creative and funny studio backing it, and most importantly it has me."
,Not Recommended,394230,22832514,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Flexxible,"The pvp is okay but single is wrecked completely. No optimisation, low fps, broken enemy spawn scripts, no music in intense fights but some short blasts of tunes inbetween. Uninformative HUD, unobvious 1shotting common enemies on normal difficulty, aoe indicators that dont give any time to move out. I came here for full experience and it's not there it's a colorful battlefield 3 clone.♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks"
,Not Recommended,394230,24125058,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,♥NightlyDark♥,"Its literally like counterstrike just without the rounds keep going keep going keep going.I also like the graphic style that is like japanese anime.""Objective lost"""
76561198129850676,Not Recommended,394230,22911498,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lighteous,"waiting in lobby simulator.this game worked better in beta. '""lost connection to host"" in a private story mission mode. gg btwi loved this game when it was on beta and i thought i won't stop playing it when it becomes even more stable with fixes here and there. i can't play a game without having to wait for half an hour and have 100 games almost starting then disconnecting all of a sudden and repeat.i'm off this filth. for now hopefullyP.S this is mostly a matchmaking/servers review (Asia)"
,Not Recommended,394230,23929756,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mungo-!nferno,Why Gearbox?!
76561198106482172,Not Recommended,394230,23017212,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,*~Gun Sith~*,"It is a fundraiser, simple as that.Nothing in this supports the price tag of $60 comparatively. But, if you like giving gearbox money, this is the way.I still have no idea how my 16GB RAM computer with graphics card gets stifled with this 6GB game. Then I realized it was just the prologue acting that way. The prologue was so clunky graphics wise that I resigned to not play it past that day.It wasn't just the confusing install wiht the restart button there at a time when a restart was not the best thing to do.So, multiplayer PvE was bearable, but not enjoyable. The matches are loooong. If you ever played League of Legends, it is like those hour long plus matches.I bought it to test it since a friend would not tell me about it. Saw some videos, got hyped. Bought it and ended up with $60 of stuff that disappointed me. It is hard to disappoint me, btw.6/5/2016 update:Game still sucks. Overwatch came out. It turns out I can download a 2 GB movie before this game can find 5  temamtes to do matchmaking with me. I am watching a movie instead."
76561198048864987,Not Recommended,394230,23795834,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Duduk,"I got this to fill the void before overwatch came out, it's worse and costs more money. do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,394230,23147521,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,XANi,"Multiplayer is complete mess, between  stomps, surrenders after 5 minutes and people DCing when their hero is selected, finding a fun match is a challenge"
,Recommended,394230,23010886,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TheAntiEnemy,"Gearbox really knows co-op shootersIf you liked the Borderlandseries you will love this gamegreat for singelplayers, even greater for groups of friendsGET YOUR COPY NOW!!!"
76561197975239381,Not Recommended,394230,23048824,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kylleran,"While the writing is fairly humorous the actual gameplay is lacking. The biggest complaint I have is the multiplayer aspect. There are several unlocks for each character that require group or multiplayer to unlock but finding other people to play with takes a very long time.And as others have pointed out the matchmaking is abyssmal, it take a very long time (nearly a half hour in one instance) and then throws you in with groups that are much higher level and then proceed to roflstomp you. I can understand that relaxing the matchmaking is neccessary to provide (kinda, but not really) quick matching, but this is a new game, how bad will it be in a few weeks? In a month?Adding insult to injury I couldn't even get a refund because I spent so long waiting for matches I exceed my time played. As of writing this I have 5.2 hours played but only perhaps an hour and a half of that were actually playing, the rest was waiting around.(Since I'm stuck with this lemon I intend to play a bit more, maybe I'll come around and change the review, I did enjoy the voice acting and the intro cut scene is great)"
,Recommended,394230,23029146,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Tricky,"very fun game, that was released way too early.i recommend it for those who love to pvp without ranking system, and for those who love to shoot stuff in the head!"
76561197992548058,Not Recommended,394230,25730938,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,.ĐĿ. FeveR,poop
76561198110256612,Recommended,394230,22875048,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Beel,"Great game, I recommend it to those that enjoyed the Borderland series and those that can stand MOBAs. (I've been disgusted with MOBAs since 2013, but this made me love the formula again in the PvP maps that work as MOBAs)Amazing PvP, amazing characters, great loot system, okay PvE.Will update review later with more, writing this 23 hours in. Population is holding steady now, matches are quick and easy to find.Pick it up, give it a try."
,Not Recommended,394230,22965623,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Tyrant,"It's interesting in that it plays like a FPS meets MOBA. Currently the content feels limited as far as maps and modes go, but there are plenty of characters and a lot of progression.The issue that I had is that this game requires you to not just be online, but online with your steam friends. If, for any reason, you lose connection to steam friends during a multiplayer match it will kick you out of the game to main menu and you lose all rewards and progress from the match. That was a deal breaker for me, and one of the primary reasons for seeking a refund."
,Recommended,394230,22835440,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Badgerius Maximus,Plays CTT: loves itPlays open beta: loves it moreBegins countdownGame comes outPlays until I can't stay awakeLoves itNaps and drives and Virginia to see his dadStarts another countdown till he can play again0/10 would not go to Virginia
,Recommended,394230,23130841,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Visceral,"Great Game, worth the time it takes to get good.  When you match with other players who communicate it is quite fun"
,Not Recommended,394230,32061627,Posted: 30 May,all,Skeet,"The gameplay itself is amazing and fun. The game had a great singleplayer campaign. Story, lore, and characters, all great. In my opinion, the world and the characters themselves were better than Overwatch. But that's just me. I truly thought for a brief moment during this game's release that it would have a community as active as Overwatch. And I'd hoped so too.However, the game unfortunately didn't last very long and now there's nothing one can do in the game except fight against bots. You can't even play the singleplayer campaign without being connected to the server and even those are recommended to play with other people.If you're a new player and you are lucky and patient enough to connect to any of the 84 people still playing this game (sourcehttp://steamcharts.com/app/394230#3m), then don't expect to match with any other new players because anyone who's left has played this game since open beta. All in all if 2K had released this game a year later then when it was released, this game might have thrived. It wouldn't have tried competing with Overwatch and subsequently it would have its own healthy community of people.I want to recommend this game. Honestly, truly, I do. But the community simply won't come back to what it was during launch (which also was pretty stale at a peak of 12,070 players, see previous citation). And as long as the community is dead, the game just isn't enjoyable. Gearbox, you tried..."
,Recommended,394230,25367408,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,odatruh,"This game is really fun if you enjoy RPG games. It's only fun if you have friends to play with, even if it's just one other person.The gameplay is really nice, and there are a bunch of different characters that suit various playstyles. The story is funny and satisfying, and the loot is really nice for multiplayer. The Multiplayer game modes are interesting enough to want you to play more, but the matchmaking can take a while because this game isn't as popular as it should be. The game developers made the mistake of releasing this game at the time when Overwatch was being released, so that's why this game didn't get as much support as it should've, and that's a real shame.It's a good game, but not a lot of people play it, and that's what sucks the most about it."
,Not Recommended,394230,23909846,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Crash.gravity_VR,it wont open its just an error then i cnat play it i have tried everything
76561198105767316,Not Recommended,394230,23074157,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,®,Game is so unbalanced its a damn joke. DO NOT BUY NOT WORTH IT. Uncle works for gearbox told him its ♥♥♥♥ing trash too.
76561197963860824,Not Recommended,394230,22995013,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Idler,Pros -Pretty good gfx and game concept.Cons -Could not get any game in SEA regionHorrible match making
,Not Recommended,394230,23320878,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Rincewind,"Matchmaking is bad. The Incursion map mode is a single lane were one team pushes the other and maybe wins in under 30 minutes. Only six multiplayer maps across 3 modes. Extremely visually cluttered. The campaign has fun voice acting, but goes through this weird random selection/voting to get into levels that have no connections to one another. Besides the bright paint job, there just isn\'t anything to recommend."
76561197989446634,Recommended,394230,22791231,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Grey Wizard,"This isn't Overwatch.Still here? Groovy. You must like wanton mayhem, badassery, and pithy quippings.Check the Battle status on your birth certificate and then gird thy loins.Battleborn is deep, diverse, and satisfying in nearly every aspect of its undertaking.The game plays like the love child of Monday Night Combat, Smite, and just a naughty touch of Dungeon Defenders.You like killin' folk? We got that. You like saving the universe? We got that, too. What about gathering loot, unlocking skins, earning titles, and lookin' swag? Uh huh. You like penguins in mech suits and dapper gentleman robot snipers?Do yourself a favor and spend some time with this game. You were born for this."
76561198056875401,Recommended,394230,25035069,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,CappuccinoGuil,"Short version: play this game. It's good, klunky at times, but good. Also, DISCLAIMER: I'm an active community member and an amateur caster for the game. I'm neck deep in this. Just saying.Long version: Battleborn has a certain charm and charisma to it that is indicative of the developers past achievements (these are the folks that created Borderlands) and that is by far the strongest point of it. The writing, characters, world it's all oozing with the same style of humor. In one mission you have to escort a walking sentry called Wolf that has had his survival inhibitors removed so he has no idea that death is fatal and permanent, all so he can do a suicide attack easier. Throughout the mission, he keeps blissfully talking about returning home and asking what the characters are doing after the ""suicide mission that he totally will make out of"". A bit cheesy, but the voice acting delivery of every character is fantastic.Battleborn is a huge package of a game. Like, EXTREMELY HUGE. While the story PvP uses the same assets as the story mode (and vice-versa) no level is repeated and everything is always brand-new, which means that the devs have created 14 huge levels, all unique in their own way, filled with randomized locations for the 5-item chests (best chests in the Story mode).Every character has at least 20-30 minutes of dialogue each, with more lines coming in every time we have an update (keep in mind we have 27 characters at the moment, do the math).You can level up individual characters and your own level to unlock more powerful skills and special skins and unique gear for that character.Characters are unlocked through hard work, not bought (with the excepetion of the DLC characters that can be bought with in-game currency)Every characters is good, every character is fun, every characters is funny. So it begs the question: why isn't this game more popular?Because people don't understand it and quite honestly, I don't blame them.You have shooting, but it's not a traditional FPS. You have grinding, but it's not a RPG. You have unique characters with active and passives skills and an ultimate, but it's not a MOBA. Battleborn is a mixed bag of mechanics borrowed from those genres to create its own thing and it's very confusing. Heck, I go into it thinking I'd only play the Story mode and now I'm going into PVP all the time. That's how weird this game is: it made a non-competitive player become competitive.However, it's because of this weirdness that people are put off by it. They compare it to other games and then people get in and feel lost when in reality, Battleborn works because of that crazy combo. Sadly, it is still an online multiplayer game and without people to play, it loses the appeal (not to mention lack of world servers is really bad, I had to change my Steam download servers to US - New York region just so I could get some matches going)But perhaps you're not convinced that this game deserves your attention (and more importantly, money). Perfectly understandable. But if you want a game that can pull some laughs out of you even in the middle of a crazy heated battle, Battleborn is that game. If you want a game full of achievements and grinding (Near 100 hours and only 80-something% on the Story achievements) Battleborn is that game. And most importantly: if you want to have fun with a nice community that is actively trying to make the game more fun and better, Battleborn is that game.I should know, that's one of the main reasons I'm still writing. They welcomed me as a caster and I have been having a blast playing and narrating the matches ever since."
76561197998945220,Not Recommended,394230,23147391,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,flugelkentgeiml,"The game is decent... What ruins my experience is the absence of an offline mode.. Sometimes I cannot sign in so I cannot even play, and sometimes I'll be halway through a mission, the connection times out for some reason, and I lose all my progress...."
76561198185756645,Recommended,394230,23382844,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,asdluke,"Usually i do not write a review, but many people voted negative for this game. I have to say that it is not fair.It is very sad that the game is actually very good, but lots of people do not give it a try."
76561198179431855,Recommended,394230,24349155,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Churro Mushroom,"i love every aspect of this game. the only problem is the people playing it, or more the people not playing it.it takes very long to find a game, and only leads people to turn away from this masterpeice of a game.Also, the timing of this game coming out as the same time as overwatch is very poor, i have played both, and personaly, i prefer Battleborn. the only reason why overwatch has anyone playing it as oppose to BatlleBorn, is because of all the hype it has.The hype that overwacth has is sprouted from the characters having great ""assets"" (butts) This is a disgrace to me and should be too to Gearbox. if making a game popular with the public takes making the characters hot and attractive, then what kind of world would we live in where we practically play porn games because of its popularity? Obviously not a good one.So, in conclusion, i prefer and accept BattleBorn over overwatch anyday of the week, but unfortunaly, BattleBorn has lost much of its steam to overwatch, and i am starting to think that GearBox is just going to let BattleBorn die out, which depresses me greatly. but then again, who am i to say that GearBox should invest in a game that they see no future for?"
,Recommended,394230,23032777,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,K2LOO,"5/5 Would Buy AgainGreat game. The mix of moba and fps is interesting - more action than the classic moba and more strategy than the classic PvP shooter. The PvE story mode is rather short but good. You'll spend most of your time in PvP, which is where the moba and shooter genres mix. The way they implemented getting loot (gear to equip) and player/character leveling is sort of brilliant in that it gives you something to work for but doesn't really give veterans an advantage over noobs, just a bit more versatility. You have to unlock most of the characters, but that's pretty easy. I currently have 23/25 characters unlocked and haven't even had the chance to play more than a match or two with many of them.I really have no complaints about the game."
76561198014604398,Not Recommended,394230,23780994,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bronze Ego,"Love the developer, hate the game.  I was really excited about it, but the best way I can describe it is it is ""difficult to pick up, difficult to master.""  Also, if you do not have a dedicated team to play with, forget about it.  The people I picked up for a team, almost everytime, had clearly never played a MOBA and we got wiped continuously because no one worked as a team.  On top of that, the developer seems to expect everyone to understand the dynamics of the game and gives little explaination as to what you are supposed to be doing.  This is fine if you are experienced in the genre, but this game brought a lot of outsiders into the fold and failed to teach them how the system works.5/10, again is probably good if you run with a dedicated team."
76561197970571033,Recommended,394230,22969321,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,simarills,"PVP Matchmaking is broken. untill they resolve this stick to COOP unless you like being matched with premade teams that will dominate you and the other PUGS on your team.In addition, make sure you have a good ping, otherwise projectile weapons such as Thorns bow will not hit the side of a barn (or Montana) from 2 feet away.Aside from these joy-killers the game is alot of fun, just not when you are trying to be compettitive.Update: Matchmaking seems a lot better now, so this game is now highly recommended :D"
76561198079595463,Recommended,394230,29487074,Posted: 25 January,all,CaLLe,Amazing.
76561198053856354,Recommended,394230,23094219,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,1911forever,"This game makes me stay up late at night just to milk every last minute of the day I can spend playing this game. It is AWESOME! The multiplayer is where it shines so, if at all possible, I highly suggest you delve into that as soon as possible."
76561198049897839,Recommended,394230,23078832,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dreadwolf,Great game to play. Interesting characters which are each unique in their playing ability. Versus is definitely better than the story. 8/10
,Not Recommended,394230,23040139,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Greyed,"Battleborn has the distinction of being the first game, out of over 300+ on my Steam account, to ever get me to request a refund.  This is a multiplayer title where the networking does not work.  This issue has been brought to Gearbox's attention here on Steam, on their forums, on Reddit, damn never everywhere by dozens of customers and they have been completely ignored.  I have 1.7 hours of ""gameplay"" which consists if 1 run through the tutorial and the rest of the time sitting in a queue waiting for other players.  Since Steam does not issue refunds after 2 hours I quite literally cannot afford to wait any longer to play the game I paid for.  This is completely unacceptable in the latter half of the 2010s!"
,Recommended,394230,23381950,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Fail Tank,"After much anticipation, Blizzard's new first person DOTA has come out: Overwatch. It's pretty good.There are a little less than two dozen heroes for you to choose  from, each having a unique, specific weapon as well as a passive and 2 active abilities. Each also has an ultimate ability with a long cooldown that you unlock and level 5. Yes, that's right, there are levels, and each time you level you can splice your DNA to gain one of two benefits for the rest of the game, and if you play a character enough times, you unlock some third choices on that path as well. For instance, one choice might increase your accuracy and reload, while another would increase your base damage.Heroes are unlocked through a number of means. The easiest way to unlock most of them is to accomplish specific challenges, like winning 5 games with a hero from 1 faction (like, say, The Horde). If you're not in a rush though, you can also unlock all the heroes by just ranking up enough.A cool twist on the genre is that you can enter a match with a loadout of three pieces of gear, and you spend points during the match to activate those pieces of gear, so you have to anticipate what you'll need in that match, but you're not bound to buying those things in a specific order. Personally, my favorite loadout is 2 Arcanite Reapers, and a hat made out of 3 hats. Which brings me to another point: there's no crafting, which is cool. Blizzard usually overdoes it on crafting, even in their card games.Overwatch has both a competitive mode and a co-op mode. The competitive mode is a lot like what you expect, but I'm mostly interested in the co-op. Sometimes you just want to blow things up with some friends, right? In co-op, the game is a lot like what you'd expect from a cooperative FPS, kind of like if Starcraft: Ghost let you play with other people. You go through a level doing TF2-like objectives. Escort the thing, defend the thing, or blow up the things.The characters are varied, and everyone should be able to find something that suits their style. On the other hand, some characters are better for PvE or PvP, which means the full roster won't see equal play. For instance, the robot sniper, the cowboy, and turret are really good.People are acting like the game is some new great cultural phenomenon, but it's really not, it's just a pretty good game. I guess if you're the kind of person who puts 2000 hours into the same competitive shooter it might be a godsend, but if you're not that dedicated to single games, but you like FPSes, it's probably worth picking up on sale."
76561198094746156,Recommended,394230,23459054,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Toweruser,This game is so amazing. So much more fun and in depth than lame overwatch. This game has a great leveling system and a in game leveling system. I just don't understand why people like over watch instead of this. Overwatch suck butt holes.
,Recommended,394230,23463097,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,stealTHCare,"Okay, 243 hours on record and my first review of a game. Gearbox, don't give up. We're eagerly waiting for new content and LOVE running the current stuff. Haters are gonna hate. Some people just can't hang with the big boys.10/10 worth the buy"
,Recommended,394230,23035936,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,magnoguido,"This is a gem of a game.You would think that after playing through 8 story missions once or twice, you'd be done. Well you're not. Why? Because you REALLY want to try those missions out with a new character. You really want to try it out with a new band of characters.The PvP modes are a load of fun for the same reason.The match making is something people really complain about, but its really not that warranted, unless you insist this game be a top level competitive game, which it will not be.""This game is trying to be so much and doesn't know what it wants to be.""This statment is nonsense. IT does all the things it attemps quite well."
,Recommended,394230,23094743,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Yoozero,"Pros-Interesting concept of blending ""FPS MOBA""-Borderlands style art, tone and humor-Unlike some other games in its genre (Overwatch) it has a 8 chapter campaign which are quite long than I expected-25 unique heroes to choose (more if you have season pass)Cons-More campaigns would have been better (It comes repetitive after playing it couple of times)-More game modes such as Capture the flag, free for all, team deathmatch etc.-Kinda overpriced for a half-baked singleplayer/multiplayer co-op/moba-esque-I had problems with lack of players(Don't live in the U.S). Changed my download server to U.S and had way better game entry. Wish they had a server than have localized ones.-The annoying grind of your player level to unlock heroes, skins, taunts, titles"
76561198018556685,Recommended,394230,23303766,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Zerostar,It is real furn with BL humor.  PVE maches are a blast on both reg. and advanced.  For the thumbs down for the price drop.  Wait until the housing market to drop right after you buy one.  Then you will have the right to ♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,394230,23038149,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,G1 VapeKing.co.za,"Not very good. The singleplayer co-op is fun. But for South African's or any country that doesnt have dedicated servers for it, it is basically impossible to find an online game. Massive fail right here."
76561198042108040,Not Recommended,394230,23682241,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DarkAuroris,"I loved this game on PS4, but the graphics, controls, and FOV were all annoying.  I got to probably the mid 50's for my command rank playing pretty casually.  But tonight I decided to actually try it out on PC.  I wanted a better experience but instead was met with probably one of the deadest games after less than two months post release.  I'll give it this, at least on PS4 I can get into matches.  But I played two story matches on public, each time only getting one team-mate.  And when I finally decided to jump into multiplayer, I sat for almost ten minutes.  And no, my friendly team wasn't jumping ship because  I was only command rank 3.  After a few minutes, I had a full friendly team on stand-by.  After a few more minutes, one player left followed shortly by another.  After a few more minutes with no one else joining, I closed the game and filed a request for a refund.  It is so, so unfortunate to see such a great game swept under the rug by the gaming community.  But when a game can't even scrap together ten people for a match, it's time to go."
76561198027796616,Not Recommended,394230,23273287,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,boxesofordin,"Objectively this game has the basics of a good pvp moba, but it seems that Gearbox doesn't quite understand how to balance this type of game. Matchmaking regularly pair up low level players with players well over lvl 50. Not only does this create an unbalanced choice of characters, some of which are locked away behind level capped doors, but it also allows the higher level players to access better upgrades that lower level players can't hope to obtain. The games start off with everyone knowing full well the outcome. This leads to match dodging the likes of which I have never seen. Players will abandon a team without a second though if they see anyone below level 40. It's next to impossible to get a match going. In the off chance that you do get in a match, you get to sit through an inevitable 20 minutes slog as the opposing team increases their power gap to the point where one opponent can't engage an entire team by himself and win.Add on a incredibly dull story mode which consists of killing waves of enemies while listening to some witty dialogue and you have Battleborn. This game is terrible for anyone who hasn't been playing religiously since launch day. I like Gearbox titles, but this is a huge letdown."
,Recommended,394230,23027863,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,dfnick,A team based shooter more closely related to a MOBA. you may get frustrated your first few matches but after you learn what's going on it's a ton of fun.
,Recommended,394230,23191608,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,OPzinn,Battleborn it's a fun game and you should buy itThe game is so fun but he has so many problems just like the fact of the performance on AMD processors with AMD graphics cardI play this game most of the time at 22 to rarely 60 and i didn't have a bad performance like that in the Beta and i don't have friends that plays this awesome game and sometimes i feel depressiveHe has a awesome gameplay but the FOV to me isn't good i just like to play this game with a smooth gameplay and some friends but this doesn't come to the casePositive Points:- Amount of Charaters- Hilarious writing and quotes- It's hard sometimes- Skins for charaters- Good Graphics for Cartoon Game- Good Gameplay- Interesting mixture of types of games- Best Game i Saw in YearsNegative Points- Lack of Perfomance of AMD GPU with AMD Processor- View of some charaters- Was launched in Overwatch beta this week then had less focus- Only First Person- Bug after you finish the last mission of story mode that appears all characters all released and you can't now how to unlock then that will be bad to me because i think i will can't unlock Alani because will need credits- The lack of players that play it- It can turn into a Evolve 2
,Not Recommended,394230,23278665,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,FarkDaNarc,"i played this game in BETA, and really enjoyed myself.now that it is retail, it seems broken. it doesnt run well on my machine anymore, the most i can get in a matchmaking session is 4 (including myself) after 10 minutes of waiting.this is crazy. I waited a few weeks after release to get it, to lets those release day issues get resolved.The BETA ran smoother then the retail. #FAIL"
76561198022873181,Not Recommended,394230,22991705,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dandy_Dan,if you played the beta you played all this game has to offer.  its really on map that is worth it and gamees that are never really colse.  dont pay full price  for this at all.
76561198308086152,Not Recommended,394230,23662629,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,pathfinderridley,"TL;DR- Buy when it is on sale and/or you really like the games from the folks that brought you Borderlands and you want to have this in your collection. Sucks for the folks that paid for the game full price.I got this game when it was on sale for about $35 USD. I enjoy this game, but at the same time I can't help but acknowledge the negative aspects of this game.I like the single player mode. If it was more expansive, and did not require being online to play by yourself, I would reccomend this game from that alone. It's funny. The characters change up the gameplay. However, you can get kicked off of the server while playing, and whatever progress you were trying to gain for your character is wasted. The game offers so much potential. It wants to be a everything, but can only be OK at both its campaign mode and online modes. (I haven't tried the online modes  yet mostly because of Overwatch and from what I have read in the community.)The game should have had everyone unlocked from the start, or at least made only a few characters unlockable for acheivments. It would have added more playability from the beginning and let people spend more time experimenting rather than grinding in multiplayer or the single player campaign. It's a major turn off when there's supposed to be MOBA aspects. If they had everyone unlocked, I could reccomend the title.I feel bad about not reccomending this title. It's fun, but the issues begin to grate you over time. Despite all the effort put into this game, it would take a fundamental overhaul to bring it back from the brink. That or a major price slash. I feel wicked bad for the folks that paid full price. I hope they do some sort of ""Ambassador Program"" for the folks who forked over the cash from the beginning."
76561198056862910,Not Recommended,394230,22983919,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Panyx,"I really regret getting Battleborn. I had high hopes for it and it was just not what I had expected. It really just feels like a Rougelike Borderlands. It is like they took what made Borderlands sell and took what they could from Smite. then they made a game. I will give it that the game looks great, but if I wanted to play Borderlands I would just play that. I mean everything has almost the exact same feel. From how the weapons fire, to the voice acting. It feels like Moxxi is hosting the Underdome in this. On top of that every champion feels like I am playing as a mini boss or a character that didn't make the vault hunter team from borderlands. I wouldn't buy it to give it a chance, its not worth the risk if you dont like it. The match making is broken as well, you can be a level 1 and have a team average of level 12. Going against a team that has a level average of 30.  I am more upset at myself that I tried to give it a shot after the manditory cut sceens that you cant skip, and now I cant refund it."
76561198019010490,Not Recommended,394230,22945562,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Inarie,"The matchmaking is horribly broken. Low level teams getting matched against teams 30+ doesnt work.The story missions are fun, but when you are playing a solo private mission there really should be an option to save your progress, its infuriating when RL calls and you cant do anything but quit the game knowing that you just wasted 30+ minutes of your time because when you come back you are going to have to start the mission over. Also, when doing story missions with other players, if you wipe, you get kicked out of the mission and the game disbands the group. This should not happen if you have a whole pool of lives left to use. At the very least, let you start over from a checkpoint.I think the game has serious potential, the characters are fun to play and they all have quirky personalities that are endearing in their own ways. I really like the art style of the game and I can see huge potential for fun in the pvp matches. The story has its laughs Gearbox style and I really like the mechanics of a lot of the game. I just think the above things need to be addressed in some way.Im hoping to be able to come back in a few months and give this a more favorable review, but for now, this is where I stand with the game. I do know there are some that are just having a blast, but for me, this is my opinion as of now. ."
76561198041450960,Not Recommended,394230,22928708,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,UnicycleKid,"Battleborn is a game that I bought hoping for a reflection of Borderlands.  Honestly it falls short in the humor department.  The general ease of just sitting down and playing and the capture mode remind me a lot of domination in call of duty.  Melee characters feel incredibly overpowered at the moment (Rath im looking at you).  The story mode feels rather lack luster which is disappointing considering that is how I expected to get to know the characters.The gameplay for the most part is pretty smooth. However, body blocking feels incredibly wonky.  What I mean is the character collision boxes feel much larger than the characters themselves.  Multiple times I have been running from a melee hero as a ranged hero, if I hit a wall, there is limited sliding and the second the melee hero touches me, I am pinned and slashed to death. Intentional or not, it makes for a very hopeless feeling during the encounter. (I guess you could attribute this to me not being very good at the game yet as well.)In hindsight, I would not have bought this game at the current price.  I see the appeal for multiplayer, but I'll continue my search for a driving storyline that doesn't have forced humor."
76561198090651683,Recommended,394230,22785944,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Thor,"Battleborn offers a wide variety of content for it's asking price, and uses great characters, great humor, great gunplay and swordplay, and a great atmosphere and art style to give us one of the most fun games I've played in a while. The only con is that there aren't a lot of maps at release, but those are coming for free, along with 5 more heroes, Gearbox has knocked this one out of the park."
,Recommended,394230,23430660,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DJ_ten4,The first great FPS MOBA. It even has a campaign! New maps and modes are free!
76561198101311154,Recommended,394230,23425863,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Why_So_Serious,This jawn fun.
76561198053726934,Recommended,394230,23549698,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Meliodas(CSJo),"An absoluterly brilliant game. Combining Moba with first person hero shooters is absolutely genius.If you are a fan of strategic hero shooters where the top most prioity is not to kill your enemys, but to fight over objectives than this is the game for you. Beeing able to turn a game around in the last 2 minutes is a big thing here.The characters are all unique to the game and do all have their own role, however thinking outside the box is definetely a thing here.The game also has that typical gearbox humour, which makes story missions even more enjoyable.Sometimes laughter was inevitable since some characters even trigger unique lines in the missions. So replaying while farming for legendays  is also more enjoyable.All in all this game amazes me, Because its JUST SO DIFFERENT. I always hear people comparing it to overwatch, however that is complete bullcrap!!! This game is one of its kind and i highly recomment it to everyone enjoying MOBA or first person hero shooters."
76561197970275680,Recommended,394230,22827042,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Haxwéll,This game is so much fun.DOT
,Recommended,394230,22792023,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Phrendo  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Really cool game, characters are all really different and fun to play.  Each character can be really good if played well."
76561198055648611,Recommended,394230,22838055,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Captain Crazy,"The game is great, play wacky characters doing wacky things with censoring cursewords galour. Seriously though, Gearbox did a good job and have only a few things to change and/or add to make the game feel fully polished."
76561197973016150,Recommended,394230,23082800,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,g1smo,"Whey I play battleborn I have the same feelings when i was playing Diablo 2 or Dota 1 backdays or some other complex old-school games where you really have to dig and figure out how things work. And what is very cool it is so exciting to do yourself, not watching youtubes, or reading guys. It's very interesting to get to know the game by playing it. Even though, it has longer sessions than average MP game out there on the market, but you feel involved in what's going on!I was very sceptical about Battleborn myself, but after 10 hours of beta and 10 hours of release version I find myself spending all my free time exploring the game.I have concerns about late game and competitive part, but I hope guys from Gearbox will figure things out.I bought deluxe edition, hope my extra bucks can make the difference, so if you still not descided, you might wanna get this game to dive into really cool gaming systems. This game is very fresh about the experience it delivers."
76561197960369827,Recommended,394230,23102807,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,sLp,"A really good, fun, and complex PvP game with loads of synergies and possibl tactics. They fix the matchmaking a bit, the whiner simlpetons leave for easier waters such as Overwatch, and everyone will be happy playing this hopefully for long!"
,Recommended,394230,22811877,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cosmic Engine,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/3KbVXK-dg-kPROS- Great core mechanics- DOTA like elements- Story mission content is fun- Voice work- Variety of content- Varied character rosterCONS- Visual mess, far to over the top- Problems with AMD processors- Comestic progression is poor- Few maps- Advanced and hardcore story content is disappointing, just more health and damage for enemies.- Unable to only queue for story mission you want."
76561198044567406,Recommended,394230,23040601,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Panda Pope,"Okay, so this game is weird. Yet, I think it's a good kind of weird.Is it a moba? Not really.Is it a co-op first person shooter? Not really.Is it an fps rpg? Not really.Don't start playing this game expecting it to be any one of these, cause you might be dissapointed if you do.In reality, Battleborn is all of those things and then a little more, all wrapped together in some package like a giant mystery burrito which when you bite in to it you don't really know what your tasting. Yet it works, it honestly all works. The game is lots of fun and the characters are all pretty diverse and all tend to have a unique playstyle with advantages/disadvantages to playing them. Each character also tends to counter a different character ala a classic class based game. The helix system and the little bit of customization each character is offered helps to expand them just a little bit, with the helix system being the highlight of this. Allowing you to select which skills you want each time you play a match, as your level will always start at 1 at the beginning of any match. The underlying gear system also adds a little bit of loot variety ala borderlands and it allows more tweaking of the characters through permanent gear you can activate after reaching enough currency in a match. The story mode is kinda meh and leaves a bit to be desired, but the dialog is enjoyable at times. Not quite off the wall as borderlands but still made me chuckle a couple times. The missions don't really flow together well, so you don't really know the order of things. Yet they are still enjoyable experiences to play through especially with others. Multiplayer is this game's strength though. From the moba style game mode to just the standard domination game mode, all are enjoyable. Making plays against others or pushing with your team is great. Even just one on one fights between different heros is enjoyablel to see how the they affect and counter each other. Gearbox wanted to do something different with this game and they deffiantly did that and it all tends to work. It's weird, but it works."
76561198071853122,Not Recommended,394230,23040713,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Brutalizer69,"the multiplayer blows. just like i had to blow $60 for a game that could only hold my attention for 20 hours, and thats story and multiplayer."
76561198081883606,Recommended,394230,23109471,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ajax,"Great game Highly recommend to anyone looking for a different kind of moba or a wave based shooter.story mode isnt substantial but it's wave based missions that while similar are a lot of fun.multiplayer has multiple modes; capture, meltdown and incursion.capture is your standard hold these points type of gamemeltdown is half of a moba with 2 lanes that you escort minions to sacrificial grinders.incursion is a massive map where you lead waves of minions down a single path to enemy spider sentries that function as a boss and miniboss.Characters are mostly balanced though there are two or three that are still stronger than intended and one or two that need some love but that aside everyone is pretty equal."
,Recommended,394230,23092897,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Kerokai,"After 100 hours of playing the game I think I can provide a short and sweet review.The game has its flaws but is worth it, Interesting and varied characters, loot system along with your typical tiers of gear White, Green, Blue, Purple, Orange. Common- Legendary respectively as well as a Legendary item for each character which can drastically change how they play for some or aid a playstyle for others. PvE Is solid but lacking slightly in versatility. PvP has been called a mess by many people here. There is an ELO system in place however there is a period of it seems like 10-30 games where it calculates your ELO which can lead to multiple shoddy match ups at times.Gearbox communicates with the community often and updates us on bugs that are being fixed, have informed us of their patching and update structure and are genuinely trying to tweak and change things as they go along to make everyone happy. A mission was exceptionally difficult and Gearbox was many people who play the game struggle with completion of the mission so they toned the difficulty back. Gearbox saw certain characters are out of place with their damage, skills and abilities and have already taken measures to give nerfs here and there to bring them in line with other characters and balance. And they are aware of ‘cheesing’ in certain areas of the game, as in abusing terrain to get an advantage and have stated its being fixed.Verdict? If you Enjoy PvP and PvE as well as decent story and plenty of Achievements, Titles and Challenges to do. I highly recommend you give Battleborn a shot. Gearbox tells us what is going on, works on making the game better actively and are constantly making sure they are doing what they can to provide a better experience."
76561198042300387,Recommended,394230,23334389,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Shame-Ranger,Games great if you have a good computer. I enjoy it!
,Recommended,394230,23013463,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,neonight1986,"This is a game that is designed to not be taken seriously. Far to many people are trying to take this game as something that is simply isnt. Each character is fairly unique, the level system and loot system are actually pretty good. It rewards time spent and while i admit there may need to be some balencing done the game is quite good dispite this.Single player is quite a lot of fun! It has a great use to get to know your character and find new ones. The unlock system forces you to use characters you might not use otherwise... and while i cant say i like it, i will say i have found a few characters that i actually enjoy because of this.The game is solid, will it make everyone happy? no, not at all, but it is certainly well worth the money."
76561198049417181,Recommended,394230,24257796,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,tenchi528,"I have played both Overwatch and Battleborn and tough they have simalarities i enjoy Battleborn more do to i enjoy co-op game play like Borderlands more then i enjoy gunplay games like call of duty, Battle born gives me both options where Over watch does not, also buying Battleborn for less money helped :)."
,Recommended,394230,23223683,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,gSm,"Much Action, Such Gameplay, WowThis is by far better than Overwatch with a lot of Gameplay DepthSure there are some little Bugs but, hey, its a brand new mechanicand this♥♥♥♥♥♥ist damn hot!!!Can totally recommend this Game its just AWESOME (and fluffy)"
,Recommended,394230,23189010,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,matuone,Highly recommended
76561198012483003,Not Recommended,394230,30932911,Posted: 3 April,all,SOF UNHALLOWED,"Its a fun game, there are isn't anyone playing it though so i cant recommend"
76561198211970136,Recommended,394230,28973411,Posted: 3 January,all,Morningstar,<3
,Not Recommended,394230,24745006,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,たたり,"I bought this game on launch because I thought,""hey it's a cool hero-shooter made by the same guys who brought us Borderlands"". But man, was I wrong.The devs put0 loveinto this game. The skins are theworst recolorsone could ever imagine. Most look identical because they just darkened or brightened the colors. Other recolors just look as if they gone over them blindfolded with theBucket-Toolin Paint (actually not an exaggeration). Looking back at them, I realize how bad they actually are. Gearbox could learn a thing or two from Blizzard, who actually create really good-looking and creative skins.But wait(!), they recently released some skins you need topay real moneyfor. They definitely look better than those recolors but why does on need to pay for content in a P2P game? Overwatch let's you buy special skins with ingame credits.Checked the news today and saw thatthey are considering to switch to F2Pafter what?1/4 year?F*** our customers, at least we got their money! And know what? Let'snotgive them a refund in form of in-game credits as other games have done when they went F2P (e.g. Evolve). We need to be remembered as themost greedy and incompetent studioout there.Till this day Iregretbuying Battleborn and supporting this crooked studio. I will never ever in my life buy a game from Gearbox anymore if they haven't been carefully reviewed."
,Not Recommended,394230,22886081,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,TwistdDemon,"This game has a lot of potential. Love the characters, designs, artwork, and its unique in its own way.But, too many bugs in the multiplayer. There is no point in wasting money on a game where others abuse certain characters that need to be fixed or nerfed in the gameplay.Story is funny, well done and put together.Multiplayer, no point in playing when everyone abuses characters that are overpowering in the game. .For instance, Galilea needs to be fixed, should have been done a long time ago. Everyone can fire upon her and she will take out the team which is sad and pathetic. .Other then that, people who are going to buy this game should wait 3-6 months for the game to actually be worth playing.I dont see how this game is getting positive reviews. :P"
76561198037565362,Recommended,394230,22852055,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Architeuthis,"As to whether or not it's worth the full $60 - I cannot say. But so far I've had a blast. Tons of characters, achievements, and unlocks. Three different PVP modes, all of which are a lot of fun. The story mode could maybe use a little work in terms of bugs/balance (no retry on mission failure during normal mode? No regroup option with a good party for story/pvp?) but is otherwise very solid.The solo missions can be real grind if you don't have a pre-made group selected, but when you do they're great, and as usual gearbox's writing is both hilarious and engaging.All in all I foresee that a lot of the issues (non of which are major) facing this game are easily resolved and I anticipate that they will be. I definitely recommend it so far."
,Not Recommended,394230,25001343,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Goat Templar,"Bruh, these servers are as barren as the oldest wench in the bar."
,Not Recommended,394230,23804149,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,12 Years a Slav,"This game was really fun in the Beta. Now that it is live, the gameplay feels stale. The games are so much slower and boring. There are no ""good plays"" in PvP anymore. It's basically whoever ♥♥♥♥s up first loses. You can't dominate like other team-based MOBAs/Shooters. It feels like you do a little damage and then they can escape. You do a little more, and then they get away. Then you get your Ult and maybe you get a kill or two. And by that time you're 20 min into the game and 2 people have already left because the game is just that boring.I would not play this game on a boatI would not play this game on the coastI would not play this game with a ratI would not play this game with a hatI would not play this game on steamI would not play this game with creamI would not play this game anywhereI would not play this game with a bearI would not play this game for 30 dollarI would not play this game if it made me holler"
,Not Recommended,394230,24835519,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Flumphy,not good
76561198089520684,Not Recommended,394230,25191685,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Oxtron,"I love it its so fun ... but it slowly gets repetive, there is not that much varity, and Overwatch is killing the game day by day its slowly dying i doubt it will be relavent in 2017, just buy overwatch unlus you came for the AMAZING story with friends which just like the muiltplayer is very fun, still unless you want a temporialy fun game, just buy overwatch. and that it will soon go away is why i cant reccomend it..."
,Recommended,394230,23314605,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mainfold,"Great value, tons of content and all characters are completely free. Definitely a fun game and has a lot of potential for the future."
76561198028530081,Recommended,394230,23231251,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mysticgeko,"Battleborn is in short a crazy fun mess. The visuals can be over the top but the gameplay is solid wether your going in with a massive mini gun, dual swords or magic hurling hands each style feels powerful and fun though some imbalances/OP battleborn are in the mix.The MOBA elements are nicely blended and don't really feel forced making each match an interesting tug of war that require a mix of skills in PVP but also PVE objectives. If PVP isn't your thing then there is a full PVE CO-OP campaign with a fairly decent (if predictable) story with some stellar voice acting and all of this wrapped up in that OTT sometimes cringy borderlands humour that any gearbox fan would recognise.This game got a bad run but don't write it off, you're just doing yourself a disservice if you don't try out the crazy colourful fun that is battleborn."
,Recommended,394230,22778865,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,FlickeY*:),"Don't even bother reading the reviews, just buy the game :D"
,Not Recommended,394230,25824800,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ferks,Blunder of the century. Game is dead and for some reason isn't free to play yet. One of the only games that I strongly regret buying and wish I wasn't suckered into getting.Avoid at all costs.UPDATE: I'm still mad I bought this.
76561197993520565,Recommended,394230,23184886,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Captain Douche Bag!!,Because I said so
76561198112358071,Recommended,394230,22791850,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Evo_Strange,Pros:-PENGUIN MECH F*CK YEAH-PSYCHOTIC GENTELMAN ROBOT-A WHOLE STASH OF PSYCHOS TO PLAY AS-gameplay compares by far to any other MOBA FPS-Handsome vampire=handsome jack huh-SWORD LICKING VAMPIRES-PLAY AS THE BAD GUYCons:F*CK HOW COULD THERE BE ANY CONS?!?!?!?Gearbox overdos themselves again XD11/10 gonna kill handsome jack again---exept as a vampire BUH BUH BUH!!!!!!!
76561198074585760,Recommended,394230,22795198,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Pablo Sanchez,Great game! It has plenty of fun and replay ability with a wide range of characters that have their own unique skills and abilities.Would highly recommend!
76561198048534470,Recommended,394230,22790141,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ˁ˚ᴥ˚ˀ,"So far, so good. 5/7"
76561198211495036,Recommended,394230,23193543,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,tyyrrefic,great game!
,Recommended,394230,23089722,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,kr1sh,"Well, this game is amazing! Its a gifted baby from well known parents (not you Gearbox :) but Dota/Smite and Team Fortress)."
76561198130285552,Recommended,394230,23537358,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,kramer491,"i have to put my two cents up here as i hate to see this game in the state it is in.  Ill put my point out straight away, fix the matchmaking and hacker issues and you might still have a chance.  Otherwise this game is a GEM!  i knew to expect a game with lore and characters to fall in love with when i saw gearbox software, sadly to say i think they expected their fanbase from borderlands games to replace advertising their game properly...  and im sorry to bring up overwatch but that is one of the glaring reasons as to why this game has such a low player count.  Simply because blizzard pumped an endless amount of funds to advertising most people didnt even know battleborn even came out or was in development. 2k games should have realized they needed to counter this to have any hope of survival. on top of this now it seems to be the new ""popular internet trend"" to hate on battleborn because it seems to be a pipsqueak in overwatch's shadow.  If you took the time to read this through all i ask is to try it, you have 2 hours of gameplay before you cant refund it so use it and make your own decision."
,Not Recommended,394230,30764369,Posted: 26 March,all,Kiernan,"The idea is cool, but it doesn't have the same effect as Borderlands.  Not worth 30 dollars."
76561198118145712,Recommended,394230,23093663,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,HydroSound,"My review can best be summarized by saying I agree to disagree with a lot of the others on here. I experience some major FPS drops and I'm running a rig that runs Fallout 4 smoother than a buttered baby's bottom, so that's a thing. Also, the matchmaking in PvP is pretty horrendous and a few of the characters are heavily overpowered. However, that isn't a gamebreaking thing for me personally as I enjoy the PvE aspect quite a lot. It's action packed and challenging on Hardcore, imo. Hopefully Gearbox works on some of these issues stated, but until then, I'm still content. I love the unique characters, they create a huge part of the fun for me.I live five minutes away from Gearbox's HQ by the way.. maybe I'll go over and tell them to work on it in person"
76561198025199025,Recommended,394230,22806033,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,orion,"Easily one of the funnest and most creative first person shooters I've seen in years. All of the characters are unique and fun to play, and it really does come as advertised: For every kind of badass. That motto fits this game like a shoe painstakingly designed to fit your foot. That's how the characters feel, too. Honestly, this is just saying what everyone else is saying about the game. Just... Just buy it. Read all the other positive reviews and then imagine them on this one, and then give 2kbox your money because holy hell it's been a long time coming. I never imagined they would put this much incredible creative energy into a game, hell I never even thought this much creative energy could fit in a game. But they did it! 2kbox, if you guys are reading this, the pure beauty of this game, it's balancing, the feeling of infuriating determination that fills me when I get killed... Everything is brilliant. And as a graphics and film student and a long time lover of games I would like (for what it's worth) to thank your art team for doing such a brilliant job with every character design, every level background (which I have stopped and gawked at whenever the opportunity presents itself), every gorgeous texture, every perfectly delivered voice line, every song, every animation, every sound effect, every joke, every single attack in the game, as stated before the absence of the feeling of defeat in the face of actual defeat (which fits the games story perfectly)... because just saying every little thing isn't enough. Thank you, 2kbox, for this work of ♥♥♥♥ing art."
76561198070846161,Recommended,394230,25048082,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,rakkhot,"I really like the MOBA character of the game, if you know SMITE, it's somehow like SMITE just with more to do, because it doesn't only have multiplayer MOBA gameplay, it also has a campaign. The campaign can be played in singleplayer(but I have to say singleplayer gets pretty boring after you player every lvl a few times) or in coop, the maximum amount of ppl in a team are 5 ppl, but you can also play with less than that.The difficulty settings are pretty well done in my opinion, the normal settings are sometimes challenging, while the advanced settings really can be pretty hard even with a full team.This game is for ppl to have fun in a group wether you like the multiplayer moba modes or the coop campaign gameplay. The only problem I see with the campaign, is that it's pretty short with 13 stages and as I said earlier, if you play singleplayer that gets boring pretty fast, the campaign is clearly made for coop.I love the character design of the heroes, my favourite one is the Tiny Tina from Battleborn ""Orendi"".It is really saddening to see how few ppl play the game, because that's the only problem the game really has, it's lack of ppl playing it. If you can live with long waiting time for multiplayer games or if you have friends to play the game with, then take a look."
,Not Recommended,394230,25216393,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Arwald,Total waste.Do not buy this game.
,Recommended,394230,23099872,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,General Organa,"This game does have a few flaws like some characters need to be balanced (f*ck Galilea), a certain mission (the saboteur) needs to be fixed, and matchmaking for PvP definitely needs to be more balanced. But Gearbox has addressed most of these issues and is beginning to patch them or already has (look at the patch notes at the Battleborn website). Also you can choose to play on other servers besides your location if you are having trouble finding matches, I have yet to have a problem finding a match, it's really quick even when I play in the middle of the night.  Overall this game is an awesome mix of fps and MOBA that I think has been executed very well by Gearbox. It has a Borderlands sense of humor and the characters lines and taunts are hilarious. Nova is so funny, she's one of my favorite parts of the game and she's just the announcer. Gearbox does a great job of making entertaining characters. The only similarity it has to Overwatch is that it has a diverse group of heroes. These games should really stop being compared to each other they're very different. If you want a more accessible and unique type of MOBA to play I highly suggest this game it's already given me hours of entertainment."
76561198095804314,Not Recommended,394230,26021396,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Natah,"Got this game at full 60$ price tag. NOT WORTH IT! the game is good until a few hours in when it becomes stale and starts breaking. The character systemis oneof the worst ive seen, paying to get new characters (which is how it was when the first new one came out) is stupid. the game has its moments, but unless its 20$ or less, it isnt worth it."
,Recommended,394230,22873894,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,(´-ω-｀)Tiny_Deer,"TF2 + MOBA + Tower Defense + Borderlands = Battleborn:10/10Wanna bang Mellka:10/10Reyna is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥af:10/10oh, and the gameplay is pretty good:10/10"
,Not Recommended,394230,22802442,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sharlut ♣ @World 5-3,"Invisible walls on competitive maps, co-op with random strangers means it can be abused by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who refuse to go on pads to progress the story and can lock you out of any other kind of game given if you ""quit"" you can only rejoin THAT game. 2K haven't responded to that, neither has gearbox instead they're busy tweeting about badass cupcakes. Amazing company, this level of♥♥♥♥♥♥I expect from Valve, not Gearbox. Although if Aliens is anything to go by. My main issue with battleborn is abuse of the co-op. A point that they don't even have a votekick option is shocking given that people DO grief.The gameplay is amazing however. It's fun fast paced action that doesn't have the Dota 2 thing of the game dragging on for about 20 minutes before you can do anything. Rath needs nerfing, Galilea also needs nerfing. An AOE silence, a stun and a slow, you just got outplayed, son! Doing lore missions is also a hard task but if you play a character you enjoy, well you'll unlock it as you play.NO MICROTRANSACTIONS! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ they did it! But there is a season pass so they kinda ♥♥♥♥ed it up anyway. Not quite the level of DLC as overkill though.Insane framerate issues on some maps, terribly optimised. It's like Bethsda selling out to Nvidia to ♥♥♥♥ up AMD cards. Runs like crap, is what I'm saying. If you have an older PC and are unlucky enough to use AMD you're going to get a really poor experience. I suspect they will update the game as and when they fix things but releasing it, after an open beta with terrible frame rates is just unacceptable. For those woundering, my GFX is R9 390 MSI 8GB. So it isn't a bad card.I'd recommend the game though, the people are nice and it doesn't come with the influx of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s that a free-to-play game would. I wouldn't say it's worth the price they set, given they have like 8 single player missions. If you don't like the idea of multiplayer than this game will also fall short. Oh and you always need to be on Steam otherwise the game boots you. Even if you've connected to a game, if steam goes down, you're getting booted. It doesn't work like Dota 2 / TF2 / CSGO where if steam goes down you can keep playing, the game literally becomes unplayable.TL;DR Wait for it to go on sale if you have a marginal interest. Also it was free as I used Steam funds on my account to buy it.Update: Would not recommend. The fan base is actually as bad as Dota's. You find a bug, you talk about it, the fan base act like it's not a problem. There was a beta for a reason. If they didn't give you the ability to test it, LIKE TONY, and you find it out now, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ Go eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gearbox. You are still just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company."
,Recommended,394230,23148153,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Madmanse09,"Has it's issues but it's still in infancy. Lot of fun, most fun I've had in along time. I was in the Overwatch closed beta since they started the beta roll outs and I must say while these games are vastly different, and I enjoy both for what they are, I find Battleborn much more competitive in a strategic sense as well as in depth. Great game need more PC players."
,Not Recommended,394230,26187030,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,squiggles,"Very dissapointing game I really wanted to like. Unclear why you would play this instead of Overwatch or even Paladins. Combat is floaty, economy is not fun, and the entire game has an incredible amount of visual clutter."
76561198136408289,Recommended,394230,23025654,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,CrawDaddy,"So far this game has been great! I've encountered a few slow matchmaking scenarios; however, it's mostly been a fun MOBA/multiplayer shooter (or however you want to classify it). The PvE is a great addition as well!"
76561197994544618,Recommended,394230,23155146,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,CBV,"PvP is a great MOBAFPS.Story is fun and can be challenging on advanced.Lots of customization with Helix chocies and gear items.Many goals to reach: titles, achievements, mastery of a Battleborn, levels and much more.This game is worth every single dollar."
76561198115413064,Recommended,394230,23661727,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Rage Doctor,"It's a pretty good game, a little rough around the edges but it's definately worth a shot. Biggest problem I have, is that they stated they would NEVER add microtransactions. Oh...but now they are. I know they are trying to compete with Overwatch (for some reason, not the same games at all) but to stoop that low? 7/10. Oh they also dropped the price after basically anyone who wanted it already bought it for $60. So at it's current price, worth. Just watch out for pay2win transactions coming soon after this other stuff."
76561198080642645,Recommended,394230,23150091,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,roomnoxii,It's a FPS MOBA.It's great.
76561197970074555,Recommended,394230,23446063,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,agaeus,"I really like this game; it is the game I didn't know I wanted until I played it.  Has a bunch of different elements, making it a nice mix of FPS, MOBA, and co-op.  Gunplay feels nice and smooth, much more so than it looked from watching videos of the gameplay.Something I was worried about is that moba/hero games tend to make their characters one-dimensional in their quest to make each hero unique - i.e., each hero has a niche to fill and they do it well, but that's all they do.  However, these heroes have nuance to them, between (1) having one or two more skills than other games tend to give you and (2) the helix system (aka talent tree) having decent choices you will actually switch up depending on how the game is going.  The kits on these heroes are well put together too - I've played all but a few and each was legitimately fun to play in its own right.If I could describe the game, it is two games:* PvE: A multiplayer borderlands.  Yes, BL was technically multiplayer, but it always still felt like a bunch of solo players who were doing their typical solo game, just with some others happening to be in the same game, and enemies taking more bullets, whereas this one is founded on the multiplayer, with actual roles to play and mobs tuned for it).* PvP: An FPS MOBA.Both modes require you to like killing mobs (I know I do), so if you want a pure hero shooter or FPS, look elsewhere.  And if you are looking for an extensive story or long campaign (more solo slanted), then also look elsewhere.  But as long as those aren't deal-breakers, the gameplay is a lot of fun, and this is worth a look.Biggest negatives for most:1. Art style.  The first video I saw of it, I thought it would make my eyes bleed.  There is a lot that goes on on the screen, and a bunch of colors.  Playing it for a bit, it doesn't feel eye-bleeding or anything.  Kind of adds to the fun chaotic feel of everything (esp melee when you're going in berserker style).  Watch a few of the videos, and see if it grows on you.2. Few maps.  I guess this one is subjective.  There are few maps to play; this is not an argument.  For me, the game is so centered around the interesting team dynamic and play that it kind of has that LoL thing where it could just be the 1 map over and over, but that takes second seat to the hero makeup and such (disclaimer: not an LoL player)."
76561197973223492,Recommended,394230,23603953,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Pasta,Fun addictive game with too little player countMatchmaking take too long like 5-15minBut when u get in to game its fun unless u hacve lvl 1-10 players against 40-100i Dont know why peoples hate skins that u can buy  just dont buy them.
,Recommended,394230,22967202,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,AutoNix,"First off, the team that put this game together is a superb bunch of folks.  Gearbox never fails to impress me with their games.  Now to get into the game a little bit.  Battleborn is a lot of things jammed into one special package.  FPS, MOBA and RPG elements abound as well as Borderlands style loot to boot!  It's like a carnival for the eyes and when you do something epic, you really love it.  You get to have a ""Did you see that♥♥♥♥♥♥  I did that!"" type of moment.  The controls are easy as pie with keyboard and mouse or with a controller.  I prefer the controller but that's just preference.  The graphics are typical of the Borderlands crew's M.O. and it's really cool that they have animated breaks for story purpose.  The action in story mode and multiplayer PvP mode is simply divine for carnage hounds.  You'll love blasting the hell out of people left and right as you fight to win and bag mad swag in the process.  Unlocking the characters is fair and pretty straightforward.  Plus they're adding another five characters when the season pass kicks in for us to unlock as well.  All in all a pretty damn good game for the money and yeah, the story mode is a little short but it's high on replayability as well as high replay value (obviously) for PvP matches too.  If you have the cash and are wondering if this is up your alley, well if you like the type of games I mentioned and the development team, you'll love this game!Audio: 10Controls: 10Graphics: 8.5Replayability: 9.75Overall fun: 10If you still don't want to shell out the amount for the game at this time then I definitely advise to pick it up when it's on sale at all.  Don't wait until it's bargain barrel priced because you'll want it way before then I guarantee!"
,Recommended,394230,22800991,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Babbling Book,I havn't had this much fun in Multiplayer since TF2 first arrived.
76561198100769594,Recommended,394230,27537317,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sarson,In my opinion battleborn is easily the best game not just on my steam library but also my computer. This game was overshadowed by overwatch but in my opinion is a better game but also a diffrent game that cant be compared to overwatch. although they are both hero based shoother overwatch is more of a fast paced shooter that expects you to get more than maybe 20 kills while battleborn is more of a moba that expects you to get maybe at most 15-20 kills but avrage around 10-12. I own both Battleborn and Overwatch and enjoy both games but i belive in my opinion that battleborn is the better game but is under rated
,Recommended,394230,22866687,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,TranquillizeMe,"I have the game and I love it, but personally, I wish I waited for a deal. The game is so much fun, but the slightly repetitive storyline, the learning curve, and the not-so-good matchmaking makes this game a little quirky. Nevertheless, if you love Borderlands humor, want a new MOBA-esque game to play, and like getting loot (kinda), you should pick this game up.IT'S NOT SIMILAR TO OVERWATCH AT ALL ASIDE FROM IT'S A HERO SHOOTER.Buy Overwatch if you want strictly Multiplayer online.Buy Battleborn if you want that plus story mode that you can play by yourself or with 4 others, funny voicelines, and a feel-good game."
,Recommended,394230,23173786,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Angry Cow,Best game I have played in months. Fun fusion of FPS and MOBA with great character variety.
76561197961409832,Recommended,394230,23315927,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Veritas,"I probably shouldnt perpetuate the OW vs. BB discussion since it should have been made clear by now that this game is completely different than Overwatch.  Overwatch is really fun in it's own right and Blizzard did a good job figuring out how to develop/market a game that would sell a million copies no problem.  The game is brilliantly designed and optimized for competitve gameplay, and runs at a constant 60 FPS on most systems no problem.  IMO those two things are the only ways Overwatch is any better than Battleborn.  For some people that is everything.  They were hoping for a highly competitive new FPS in the style of TF2 or even counterstrike.  I was hoping for a World of Warcraft or League of Legends FPS.If you are looking for that, as I was, look no further than Battleborn.  IMO, here are the ways in which Battleborn blows Overwatch out of the water no question.The biggest thing is depth and longevity.  In Overwatch there are 21 (I think) characters who each have 2-4 special abilities that arent upgradable.  There is no leveling up a character and choosing how to build them, they are just static characters that play the same for anyone who plays them.  In Battleborn there are 26 characters who each have 4-6 special abilities that are upgradable and customizable as the game goes on.  There are also gear pieces that can be applied, and specific out-of-game character levels, skins to unlock, new abilities to unlock, etc.  All of these variables together give you a different game experience every time.  I have over 100 hours in the game already and I still havent even tried every character, and only have 1 of them completely leveled up and geared out.  I have 10 hours tops in Overwatch and I have played every character and every map already, and know there isnt really a way to progress.The next category may not be entirely fair to include but Battleborn has a PvE co-op story mode for one to five players in the style of Gearbox's other games: borderlands.  Here you level up your characters the same way you do in PvP, gear them out, and work together as a team to fight off waves of enemies, mini-bosses, and final bosses.  As you do you will find new gear, level your character up out of game, unlock skins, etc.  Overwatch has no other game modes outside of the three in PvP, there is no PvE at all and for me, this can get pretty boring really fast.  Some people have complained the story is too short, or too repetitive, or w/e... but I look at them more like dungeon grinds in WoW than a linear co-op story like Halo.The multiplayer modes in Battleborn are creative/innovative and really fun.  It borrows ideas and gametype structures from a lot of other games: tower defense, MOBA, deathmatch games... and adds it's own spice to it.  Overwatch game modes are repetitive and boring and borrowed from old games.  The only thing I like about the OW game modes is the maps and how you play at a different part of the same map during a game usually.I dont have time to finish writing this book, but heres a little TLDR:Battleborn Pro's over OW:  Innovative gameplay, depth of character progression, PvE, PvEvP, Co-op Story, gear loadoutsBattleborn Con's:  Most people I know have trouble running it at a constant FPS, not as competitively geared as OWI give Overwatch an 8/10 I give Battleborn an 8/10... I wish they would make love to each other and have a baby - Battlewatch, that has the character progression and MOBA feel of BB mixed with the flawless optimization and competitiveness of OW."
76561197995222493,Recommended,394230,23317967,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,[AKn] Tenva,A really unique and enjoyable pvpve multiplayer experience.
76561197969224698,Recommended,394230,23624355,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SpiritFingers,"Good gameplay, just a lack of content."
,Recommended,394230,22883420,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ʙᴜʀᴛᴏᴛʜ: ƒσηтℓσя∂,"This game is awesome. If you like shooters play this game. If you like MOBAs play this game. If you like Borderlands play this game. If you don't like any of those play this game. If you hate fun, do not play this game."
76561197991844714,Recommended,394230,29527245,Posted: 27 January,all,Rex Smashington,The only negative I can give this game is the small community.  But that's not a reason to skip it... That's even more of a reason to buy it.  This game deserves and needs a large community.  The PVP is amazingly fun.  It's modes are very different from Overwatch in design so even if you have Overwatch fatigue you will like this game.The PVE is just as fun as the PVP so if you just want to play with your friends in the story missions that is fun as well.
,Not Recommended,394230,25104364,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,AuldWolf,"I have never seen a game so determined to stop people from enjoying it and having fun.A lot of it is due to the attempted (and failed, due to it already being too crowded a space, similar to the MMO space of yore) eSports focus. In its earliest incarnation, the game was set on comparing every aspect of every player with every other player. It wanted to grade people like meat and leave them feeling frustrated.Numerous nerfs later, this sentiment has only grown. It's a game where on average you will only ever see 200~ players online, 600~ at peak times (concurrent in 24-hours) if you're lucky. It's created a toxic community that has a 'GOTTA WIN' attitude and will absolutely hate you and throw so much hate speech at you that your head will spin if you so much as land a few points below someone else.It's a game that's become so toxic that pre-made groups of veterans are just using their gear (obtained through a Skinner-box style grinding system where you'd have to endure months to play to even begin to catch up to them) to stomp newbies. You'll enter into a meat grinder of constantly being stomped. Check the forums.On top of this, there are design flow issues and optimisation issues (a great number of Nvidia and AMD cards run at a snail's pace on around half of the maps. And it's been that way since open beta, they don't care to fix it. They know the game is going to die, so instead of fixing it they're making sure that new costumes go up as often as possible.They're using the same tactic as Champions Online. And we all know how much of a train wreck that was.And you know what? It's a shame. It's a bloody shame.I don't hate this game, I'm just saddened and disappointed by gross mismanagement. If they had a new management team on board with a focus on fun? Then we'd be getting somewhere. Switch out the balancing team for one that can actually help to realise this vision of a fun game? Now we're talking! Bring on some extra designers to help with flow issues, more coders to help them out with optimisation issues and bugs?Oh, and speaking of bugs, there's a scaling bug where you'll often enter a map scaled to a command rank (level) of 80 when you're only 25, and meant for a team size of five when your team only has two. I hope you like Borderlands bullet sponges with a team too small to handle them! It's ridiculous.And there's been nerfs (constant nerfs) in every patch since launch. The only buffs? To two characters who never needed them, and then they took those buffs back in later patches. Many have asked whether this balancing team is taking shots in the dark.Scathing? Only because I care about Gearbox and I want them to succeed, they need to understand just how much of a failure their current approach is. Or... You know, just keep milking people with skins until the game dies, that too.Why do I care about this game, then?It has fantastic writing. The dialogue between characters is beautiful and there's multiple versions of nearly every line of dialogue, so whenever you enter a mission you're unlikely to hear the same lines again for a while. It's brilliant.It's got a diverse cast of characters. Genuinely diverse. It has a disabled person (Benedict), an old guy, a lady who's actually properly chubby (unlike Mei) and a real badass to boot, a flat-chested and non-binary punk kid with a pet demon... So many characters! Almost a character for everyone. I appreciate that.Being inclusive is good, and Battleborn's roster is very inclusive. This is why their design ethos to make the game far more frustrating at the expense of fun is just all the more confusing to me. I know, eSports, but they might have achieved that even better with a roster far less diverse. Considering the toxic personalities that play eSports, it might have worked out better for them if it was less diverse.I wonder if there were office politics at play.Anyway. Battleborn is dead already. Here lies the corpse of what could be a good game, but isn't. A game that could be fun, but is instead so frustrating and genuinely infuriating that I'd rather have root canal than play it again.All I can hope is that Gearbox will learn from this.Buy if you enjoy flops like Champions Online, ghost town 'multiplayer' games which are almost entirely unpopulated to the point where it's difficult to find a match, and frustrating so vexing it'll make you want to take a hammer to your hands just so you'd never be able to play it again.Play it if you want that. Personally? Not me. I'd advise you stay far, far away."
,Recommended,394230,23714310,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Syde Lightning,"Now, I know there are multiple bad reviews for this game, and some of them I can agree with, but in my opinion, the Pros outweigh the cons. If you really hate the micro transactions, don't spend your money on them. If you think the gameplay is bad, then go play something else. It's that easy. I however love this game and have recommended it to various friends of mine, who love it."
76561198008028534,Recommended,394230,26122173,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Jack Graeskar,humor in the game is unique in a good waygraphics are great but if you have an old computer it can lag (old like 7 year old)how you play the game feels naturalPVP is good but lacks some adjustmentsPVE is probably the which I recommend that you focus on in the game it is for all the various jokes and the game focuses on thisAll in all I would give this game 7 Out of 10 but if this game is free to play so I will give it 9 out of 10my comment? you should try this game just to find out if it's a game that you like but I think many people will like this game But it requires that you give it a chance
,Not Recommended,394230,26051064,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pajoro,Its like this game developers are oblivious to the reviews and comments this game receives and just keeps making it worse instead of trying to fix the issues.
,Recommended,394230,30650574,Posted: 21 March,all,SERYOJAH,"Great game with a very small online player base. Its cheap now, so buy it and lets get it up and running again. It's totally worth it."
,Recommended,394230,30233676,Posted: 27 February,all,Lukasaurus™,"A must have for any lover of shooter games, story games, cool animations, or even competitive multiplaying."
,Recommended,394230,23448245,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Youth In Asia,"Funny, fun, and aside from being a little chaotic, visually, it's a great competitive shooter."
76561198053595627,Recommended,394230,23548006,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Crock42,Would be a great game if i had friends to play it with.
,Recommended,394230,23322529,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,BakaShiroexists,"Okay, so i\'m just gonna say that this is a pretty good game. I got the DIgital Deluxe Edition during the sale (thankyou overwatch xD).I currently have a love hate relationship witht this game. Gearbox made sure to remind us that they can make a game thats not Borderlands and yet remain fairly enjoyable. The story missions are long and they\'re pretty fun. Characters have a somewhat steep learning curve, but once you get used to them its pretty much straightforward from that point on. The terrains are beautiful, the dialogs are weirdly funny yet cringy at the same time. Story is kinda thin, but still isn\'t bad. Everything up until this point, i really like about the game.The gripe i have with this game is the matchmaking and good god its horrid. I reside in India and this is me speaking for this region alone. Forget high pings and lags, the game takes forever to actually find people to play with. I sat for about 30 minutes, waiting for the game to find people to play a match with. Still nothing. I really wish that gearbox fixes this with an update. If they let the players choose the region, then this would pretty much solve most of the problems the other negative reviewers have pointed out.I would recommend this game, but just dont expect a Borderlands clone. Its a unique Hero based horde shooter which can be pretty fun if you play alone but even better if you play with a few friends. (yes i did manage to get into a miracle multi-player match)"
,Recommended,394230,22986864,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sylvia Dankmaymay,"+Fun campaign to play with friends.+Everything is free except for the season pass and the actual game itself.+The game is very like a MOBA and balanced like a MOBA*+It is easy to get into PvP if you have experience with MOBAs+/-Borderlands Graphics+/-Borderlands Humor-Not friendly to people who haven't played MOBAs-Campaign gets a bit boring-Galilea*A lot of the reviews in the negative section talk about unbalanced heroes, which isn't true. The only hero that is objectively better than other heroes is Galilea, who has a shield, stun, and damage. Don't let her turn you away though, because all 24 other characters are balanced. One character people talk about a lot is Rath, who is a space vampire.They think that he's overpowered because he has burst, a knockup/stun, and damage. The thing is, he's a snowballing hero. And he's not even a good one, too. If he's lower than level 3, you can easily 1 v 1 him. If he's lower than level 6, you can easily 2 v 1 him. And he dies no matter what if you 3 v 1 him. The problem with people is that they're treating this game like it's an fps with no scaling and not taking into account that characters scale and maybe that early kill Rath got and your team spreading out is the reason he's 20/1/3."
76561198086087452,Recommended,394230,29531345,Posted: 27 January,all,CyberDown,"If only this didnt try to compete with overwatch, which casued the blizzard support group to tear it down....Solid game that no one plays.Pretty much a borderlands mixed with overwatch and a moba.  game modes are all fun both pve and pvp.sadly i never play it due to long queues."
76561197971253483,Recommended,394230,22808589,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,NecrOdium,"Well, lets compare this to overwatch!! I just happened to play the overwatch beta on my PS 4, and all I can say is that it seems to be a Team Fortress 2 clone done by Blizzard. Graphics are nice, play is simple, great for WoW and CoD fan boys alike, not much thought is needed to play.Now, you may ask, ""what about Battleborn?"" Well? Simply bad♥♥♥♥♥ You have a PVP mode with 3 fun match modes to choose from. You have a whole host of PvE campaigns to play with friends or be matched up with other players. And, you have a ton of characters to choose from, that you can tweak to your play style, as you level up in matches. Graphics are solid, characters are fun, just simply a good solid game. I recommend it!!"
,Recommended,394230,22805878,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,AŦLĂS,I had high hopes but it's even better than I thought. So much fun!
,Not Recommended,394230,33887269,Posted: 29 July,all,摩周 Matchu Pichu,Pros+-Graphics-Unique Art Style-alright combat system-free 2 play-single player w/ alrightish storyCons--no offline mode-low player base3/10 :'(
76561198071732735,Recommended,394230,22880476,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Big T Hartmann,"Ton off fun with so much stuff to do. the story is pretty good with lots to do but can get slightly repetative and the multiplayer, is amazing. Its a must buy"
,Not Recommended,394230,34393299,Posted: 21 August,all,CozmicOfficial,"I don't really know. It's nice, but not that good."
76561198091257100,Recommended,394230,22804469,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DoctorDerpp,Amazing game must have if you love mobas and borderlands. Well worth it!!!!
76561198087164000,Not Recommended,394230,26576377,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Xtramint,"Bugs, Fps Spikes, Latency"
,Not Recommended,394230,23780087,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Stalin-Chan,"I found it pretty fun but please read on this game i dont know how to describe it i will get hate for this but i put way to much faith in it. spent WAAAAAY TOO MUCH FOR A GAME I BEAT IN ABOUT 4  HOURS this was fun! Only 7 main campaign missions 30 minutes each one! but not untill you beat the game i like the humor its the way i like it, but the game was way to short and they need more multiplayer maps the last time i played there were 3 ****ING THREE GAME MODES ONE OF THEM WAS HELPING ROBOTS COMIT SUICIDE, AND THAT WAS PROBRABLY THE BEST!!!!! The other two were kinda standerd but they need what makes call of duty fun some team death match they replaced it with some crapy escort thing were you take minions over to the enemy base to destory the two robot spiders? The caracters are fun to play each one is unique and has there own lore ( i bet people have already made videos about the lore of that luchador guy) but some of them are basicly the same as others like sword lady phobe and sword guy blade. (btw if you are still reading you have to be really bored) there is the stupidest upgrade system ever so you take loot packs that you can buy credits for with real money or find them by killing bosses and opening boxes, are you bored yet, you better be! because you have to use the very cool gear by getting temporary shards by shooting slashing etc, by getting them for doing nothing (use a shard activated helpful MONEY maker, and like 2 other ways. And dont forget when the mission is over the op gear you have is deactivated you have to get more shards to activate them again, and dont forget when the mission is done ALL YOUR SHARDS ARE GONE, dont get these confused with credits in game curancey use them to buy lots of stuff ill get to that later. The way you level up your character is INSANE i went about 2 matches EACH trying to level up my charcter ONCE at level 8 TRYING TO GET MY CHARACTER A ACHIEVEMNT!!!! BUT AT LEAST I LEVELED UP MY MAIN COMAND RANK ONCE!!!! level system spet to much timeappstore game: played like 2 days then stopedcharacters: stupid ways to unlockSTORY: IS SO MOTHER******* SHORT I COULD HAVE BEATIN IT IN LIKE 12 MINUTES IF I  PLAYED ONLINE!!!!!I LIKE  CAPS LOOOOOOOCKgameplay: pretty standerd but kinda floatycurancey: ths is crap you  use credits  which you can gey from various different events where you get like 30 maybe 100 when you use like 4600 to get different loot packs also some CLASS loot packs for the 4 different factions and some require LEVEL LIMITS I LOOKED AT IT YOU HAVE TO BE ABOUT LEVEL 18 TO GET A LOOT PACK FOR 1 FACTION one of them was like level 8 BUT THE REST WERE HIGH!!! IF IT WERENT OBVIOUS I DONT LIKE THIS GAME!all in all i would not recomend this game is it fun for i little bit yes but that will where of quik because of small amount of story i havent played in one or two months but im pretty sure it hasent got better so please if they sell it for like 30 20 40 on a sale take it but know the game is just too short!!!!!!!!! I tried to love it but it fell way to short gearbox took a leap of faith but they fell into the void (battleborn joke :):):):):):):):):): )EDIT: oh but guess what now there all the same level isint that great! 2k why did you do this"
76561198033385209,Recommended,394230,23396522,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Shadowolf38,"Its an amazing game, worth playing with friends and the difficulty increses with the no of people you have in your party, The multuplayer is good and needs improvements. Hopefully the game will be updated soon and the amount of things in versus and (maybe ) the campaign will be better than before, pleas buy and support this game it might not be like overwatch but the campaign is worth playing with friends again and again."
,Recommended,394230,23392440,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,LinkTech,"154 hours logged as of this review.PROS-Time To Kill is really really high. Meaning pressing the ultimate button won't insta-kill anyone. Usually takes at least 10 seconds of skills and auto attacks to take down an enemy 1v1. Meaning it takes skill not ""who clicked ult first"" to win a fight.Matches are not won by kills. This is a MOBA, you need to clear your lane of minions and everything youd have to do in a match of LoL/Dota2/SMITE applies here as well.Unlike most other MOBA, this is played from the first person prospective. Meaning you need to aim every shot, and you can't see behind you so playing an assasin can feel legit.CONS-Game had a rough start with newbies not understanding the games need for MOBA tactics.Matchmaking WAS really pathetic for a while. This was because it was very early in release and this game uses an ELO system, issue is that with a tiny bit of playing data the ELO system was very innifecient. Now though with the vast amount of data i'm pulling in really good matches that either win or loose by a hair. My win ratio is about 60%, a bit higher than other MOBA but i believe that's because I take the effort to communicate over mic to my pug team."
,Recommended,394230,28752490,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Uthorpe_Ogleby,"I'm not a skilled FPS, but I loved Borderlands II. This isn't the answer for Borderlands-Blues. Though it could help the blend inbetween. I'm certain that given the overall response Gearbox is looking into that idea as well. The characters are amazing but, it missing Borderlands.I have had a great time playing, the people online have been great."
,Recommended,394230,28758193,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheBigBossGaming,One of my favorite games!But needs optimization and inprovement!
,Recommended,394230,22817252,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rahlik,"Good fun, the Story misisons difficulty balance needs looking at however and it can take a nit of time to get matches at the moment, with a lot of people connecting and disconnecting while searching.Now I have played some more - I found the issue with matchmaking to be that I am in Europe. A good fix for this is to switch your download location to a US Server in Steam, after donig so finding games was fine."
76561198083616116,Recommended,394230,22972757,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,SisterBobby,"Great game, unplayable. My rig should easily be able to run this at 30+ fps. Unfortunately, even with everything on the lowest settings, updated drivers, messing with options in nvidia control panel, the frame rate is too low to compete in multiplayer, and too tedious to play in storymode.I really want to play and enjoy this game, but I just can't without it being properly optimised. By the way, fps problems (or so I've read) are prominent on i5, i7 and AMD cards, I have an i7.Buy on console."
76561198056992536,Recommended,394230,23148564,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Talvasha,It's fun
76561198150996443,Recommended,394230,22831712,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Triggered,"this game is an awesome game , but it might lag or fps drop like mine did , so the fun was sucked out of it ;-;"
76561198009033870,Recommended,394230,23148968,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Chimbo,Great game never played anything like it before. Tons of character variety and playstyles and lots of humor.
76561198021913495,Recommended,394230,23005867,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,K3iith,"Really cool game, can only recommend it."
,Recommended,394230,23143712,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Krisc,"Love the game! The best part of this game, oddly enough, is the dialogue in PvP. The comical interactions between characters seems limitless. Some of the best stuff happens when you run into another of you on the opposing team. I also enjoy the mixture between FPS and MOBA, although it isn't necessarily clearly explained or rewarded right now, so beginners may feel a little lost for few games. Also was really happy to see a pretty decently fleshed out singleplayer/coop campaign. It has its weaknesses, but on the whole was an enjoyable deathfest with my friends. Can't wait to see the new characters and maps!"
76561198042067341,Recommended,394230,23143769,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pain grillé,Game is good. Matchmaking will be fixed. Everyone calm down.
76561198013336167,Recommended,394230,23143316,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,BeelzeBob,Not really a big shooter fan but throughly enjoying this title.
,Recommended,394230,23246978,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Modest Badger,Well... It's fun... And the story seems interesting...Only trouble is the Matchmaking is rubbish... So unless you intend to buy this with 4 other friends I don't know what to say....
,Recommended,394230,23276658,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Biggyboy,"An incredibly fun game that's best played with friends. I can't really speak on behalf of the PvP, but the campaign is very well done.Note: NOT Overwatch, they play very differently. Overwatch is more like TF2, Battleborn is more like Borderlands."
,Recommended,394230,23495198,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,stormiesttub,"I finally broke down and bought overwatch, i say that becuase this is completly diffrent, it is a MOBA-type hero shooter, it has its up and downs but all around a very very sold game with lots of feaautres, the co-op is great touch and of course the humor of borderlands, if you like mobas and u like borderlands you will love this."
76561198215058140,Recommended,394230,23142723,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,dragonlordojutai,"Great game. Played 86 hours as of yet, and no end in sight. The characters are all fun, and all very balanced. Overall a really  fun game with endless customization and options."
76561198088666151,Recommended,394230,23143046,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Peppermint Tea,COoooooooooooool game
76561197967444487,Recommended,394230,23148452,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,apo,"Great game, provided me with lots of fun."
,Recommended,394230,23055699,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,JackofCookieJars,"I do love this game, while it can be infuriating at times, if you can contest against decent skill level enemies and know when to use the surrender button when the game is pear-shaped. I tend to do decent in most pvp games and I loved the campaign. Even though the campaign can be walking sim, there's always challenging modes, and the longest walking sim I had was in The Archives when I lost track of the objective and had to find my way to it.With the three different types of progression in this game it's very satisfying to try and get all three. Leveling the characters actually do something in and out of game, allowing for well-balanced trees suited to how a person plays versus what the best choice is. Sometimes it's quick to decide which side of the tree you pick for the level, and other times you need to decide ""Okay, so I'm Mike, Crowd control, or higher DPS."" and it might change depending on where you are in the match, what match you're in, and how the teams are stacked together.If you're on the pacific coast, you'll find that prime time matches you with a group who's determined to wreck your day every 1 in 6 ish games. In my opinion, far too common, but when the average opinion of MOBA is to be the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥and victory is the only thing that matters I feel it's a lot better than, say, LoL without matchmaking.From my 26.6 hours, there are two people I've seen in nearly every game, and a couple that are commonly switched around. This would be fine, but one of the two gets really lopsided as they level. In a group (I've beaten a couple that were just in for the fun) the lopsided hero tends to get favored for player kills, sometimes even leaving one at low health for their lopsided just to get the kill risking the hero getting away. The best thing to do when that happens is RUN! Don't stick around, your health is low Teleport to base using B or whatever you have it bound to.The campaign is short, but makes up for it by offering three to four different types of dialogue. Sometimes even adding character specific dialogue on top of it. The downside is that there are three different types of mission, kill guy, cap and defend point until told to move, and escort. These aren't at all tedious unless you're trying for a challenge run (and I don't mean difficulty increases) they offer various types of boosts to try and distract you from what's going on by offering challenges. The challenges tend to be given when it's about to get hectic as a means of trying to alter the combat by making you focus down specific enemies, going out of your way to collect things, or by making you make♥♥♥♥♥♥explode! The bosses all try their best to have unique stages, and effects. Though you may fight a couple of bosses multiple times due to story reasons.My only gripe is the community, they're either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, or non-responsive for the most part. I've only had one group that's actively taken the time to communicate with me. I can't tell if this is because the tutorials don't go out of their way to tell you to talk, or the people playing don't give enough ♥♥♥♥♥. If you like the complex mind games that go with MOBAs and hard characters(because of skills rather than stats) then this game will allow you to get about an hour for $3. I would recommend it to some of my friends who enjoy this type of game, but for anyone who is looking for a game that will be easy for newcomers to just hop in and enjoy, this isn't it."
76561198023416657,Recommended,394230,24586150,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Loadsix,"this is a great game, plenty of diverse characters to match your kind of playstyle. PVE is fun, but the PVP is where its at.  i dont have a tremendous amount of hours yet, but will be playing this game for quite some time.  It's also not as dead as most are claiming, the humble bundle that released picked up the games numbers and i personally never have a problem finding a match for co-op or multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,394230,23588422,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Maal,"Pre-review summation: It's a good game filled with a terrible community and queue waits that can last for 30 minutes AT PEAK HOURS.-------------------------------This game, ho boy.I'll be upfront: I liked this game in beta, I liked this game on release, I have come to not like it recently. The community seemed to filter out all the good players and just left all the terrible, toxic people to spam their mics and chat with hateful comments while performing worse than those they chose to flame. I cannot get over how frustrating this game has become in the past few weeks; someone could easily write a thesis about Battleborn's rapid decline.Community aside, the game feels okay. I use that word very deliberately: Battleborn controls just okay. The jumps feel floaty but don't ever seem to have the height to jump up anything; allied minions and players constantly get in the way of your shots, even if you position ""better""; and support characters feel like they have either no impact on the game or way too much. As for the rest of the roles, DPS has its good picks and bad like any other game, with no one really outshining anyone else substantially; tanks feel the same way too.The single player is by far the best reason to buy this game, which is sad because it's also the shortest thing about this game; it feels like they wanted to make a solely PvP game, then someone complained so they slapped together some quick and easy campaign just to shut them up. The gameplay throughout the campaign is pretty much the same as it would be if PvP but it's less hectic, and there aren't as many people concerned about their KDA, so very rarely do you get toxic players matched up with you.If there was any way to restore the community to how it was back in beta/release, I would play this game non-stop, on the daily; all of my qualms with this game would still be there but it was tolerable when everyone was having fun and not concerned with being the most MLG ever.This game will eventually make it's way from middling popularity to ghost town to shut down, and I can't say it doesn't deserve that fate."
76561198117296601,Not Recommended,394230,26083077,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tenyoken,"I put 300 or so hours into this game. So I clearly enjoyed it. But I hold no obligation to gearbox, and certainly no obligation to the man who shall not be named (Hint: His name rimes with Andy) But this was a great game. I feel ""was"" is a accurate statement, since as anybody can tell you: It's dying. All I will say is, just wait till it goes free to play. Its gonna happen, no doubt about that. And if it doesn't, I don't think you missed out on a once in a lifetime opportunity."
,Not Recommended,394230,29059517,Posted: 6 January,all,E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES!,Buy this if you like matchmaking hell or don't feel like paying a flat price plus a season pass fee entitles you to all of the content of the game.
,Recommended,394230,28728325,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zeabolos,Matchmaking simulator :D
,Not Recommended,394230,24624110,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mutiegenesis,"Horrible community, crappy gameplay.  Worst game (conceptually and delivered) in a long time.  Absolute CRAP!  Don't waste money or time on this garbage."
,Recommended,394230,23162901,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Bog,"Its a fun game, but it's immpossible to find a games online."
76561198019219585,Recommended,394230,23316023,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,K.C.,"Fun Game with goofy characters in typical Gearbox humor (though with less Pop-culture references, thank goodness)"
76561198283677268,Not Recommended,394230,29020711,Posted: 4 January,all,RedninjatigerZXC,I would rather play borderlands 2
76561198072097104,Recommended,394230,23206795,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,BobslayZ,"Very Dynamic Playstyle, Very fast-paced, and So many combinations. 10/10"
76561197988714091,Recommended,394230,25004932,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Raditude,A really fun game that never got the credit it deserved. For some reason everyone crapped on it because it came out at the same time as Overwatch aka Team Fortress 2.5. They have been adding content so here is hoping more gamers pick this baby up.
,Recommended,394230,25003073,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,HYPER ONE,"Battleborn has entertaining gameplay, very stylish animation, and carries over the humor of Borderlands.  Unfortuanely though, Battleborn has had a very unlucky run with the gaming community.  Being released only slightly before Overwatch, the community has quickly diminished, and many others are up in arms about the pricing.  Luckily though, the developers have no intention of abandoning the game and are still working hard to keep it alive, and so far they're doing a pretty good job.Other than all of that backstory, all I can really say is if you ever wanted to see Borderlands as a MOBA, this is the game for you."
76561198089881099,Not Recommended,394230,24948652,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Xaxthos,"The game really isnt too bad, to be perfectly honest, that being said-just play Overwatch, yeah theres no PVE (Overwatch is $40 though) but the characters dont seem so, well- lets just say half of the characters in Overwatch don't rip off Overwatch. Theres more depth in Overwatch's characters, more culture, inspiration, hell i'll be as petty to even say that Overwatch's JOKES are better.Let's put is this way, looking for something more MOBA like? Play this.Looking for a Class-based Arena Shooter? Play Overwatch."
,Recommended,394230,25892079,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sexy Flanders,Buy it for £5 on♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,394230,28049035,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,| AOD | Forgotten Lands,"Everyone's deleting the game because there aren't enough players... do they understand the pure unfiltered irony they're creating?Battleborn ate complete♥♥♥♥♥♥in the marketing department thanks to no one in particular *coughOverwatchcough* and received an overwhelming flood of false negative reviews on the first day *coughOverwatchcough* added onto other popular game being released days before *overwatchisntallowedinhellbecauseitwouldtakeoverCOUGH* geez, I need some Hal's or something.Wonderful game, the animated cutscenes are a bit out of the style, but the characters are just as wholesome as borderlands universe and the gameplay, regardless of player level, is butts fun."
,Recommended,394230,24103657,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,davosaurus.rex,"Almost didn't get this game because of the negative reviews. Love for Borderlands sent me to Youtube for more research. What I saw convinced me to buy and I've been having a blast so far. I haven't had to experience matchmaking since I've been playing with friends (and my wife loves it too). The campaign is fun in and of itself. Tried some private matches with bots as well. Enjoying those a great deal.If you mainly want to pown people in multiplayer pvp matches and teabag them afterwards, this probably isn't the game for you (from what I've read in the negative reviews). If, however, you just like the liquid-smooth shooter mechanics and frantic run and gun that Gearbox provides, this gives you lots of ways to enjoy that- a campaign that you can experience alone or with friends, and with a bazillion (real number) of combinations of gear and characters for variety; or three different MOBA-style modes of versus gameplay, with two maps each, and bots who fight well (but sometimes do make some interesting/stupid strategic choices during gameplay).The versus and campaign maps are well-designed, the characters have interesting abilities and playstyles, and the boss fights (campaign) can be quite interesting with multiple phases. Collecting loot and managing your loadouts is a mini game in and of itself as you seek to min/max aspects which synergize with various characters.I'm not sure I would have paid full price for it. $30 seemed like a sweet spot for me, so I picked it up on sale. It's too bad that this game apparently let down the ultra-competitive twitch gaming crowd, but if you're a more casual gamer who likes MOBA, tower defense, and first person shooters, this throws all three together into a medly of mayhem I recommend."
76561198011996389,Recommended,394230,24110609,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OracleVista,"great game, i find it fun to play but the missions require a little to much dedication of my time."
76561198081221977,Recommended,394230,32417449,Posted: 14 June,all,Canon Wright,"Battleborne: I Bought this game near launch and had lots of fun with it. Then I turned around to get a glass of 'water' (And play Overwatch) and when i turnd around again, i couldn't find anyone to play with!!! I mean really? This game sank faster that a 'paper boat' in the toilet. Which is sad because i might of enjoyed watching that. Maybe? But NOOOOOO!!! You people abandon this game so fast that i missed out on all the fun. So the real reason this game is no fun anymore is because of you!!! Y-O-U !!!So you better give me my money back because YOU completely ruined the game. And not just for me, but for every red blooded American, European, Oriental, and Alien from another planed who's secretly living among us!!!And we want our money back!Have a nice day =]"
76561198055444464,Recommended,394230,28472615,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Flying_Waffle,Far more original then overwatch with great game play and humor to bad Gearbox didnt do anything in ways of advertisement
,Recommended,394230,33176743,Posted: 3 July,all,Zen,"A pretty amazing game. If you've played Borderlands, you will like this game as well!"
76561197968269217,Recommended,394230,34443997,Posted: 23 August,all,Palladium,"Battleborn is a fps MOBA and also it has a story mode with the usuall borderlands humor, which is nice.It is a great game and it is DIFFERENT from Overwatch... but nobody seems to care.As a consequence the number of players is too low and matchmaking takes forever and you (lvl 35) together with 4 randoms (lvl 1-10) will be matched up against five lvl 100.I hope it will get a boost when it will turn f2p ... in the future."
,Recommended,394230,33751377,Posted: 23 July,all,Fairemont,"Good game. Lots of nice features.If you play it, you need to level up a bit. Play against bots because PvP is tiered at lower levels so if you want to get into quick matches easier at this time definitely need to be higher up so more people are in your bracket!"
,Recommended,394230,30859580,Posted: 31 March,all,[OCΔMΔ] |痛み|,Its nice but no one is playing anymore ;(
,Not Recommended,394230,22844786,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,PumpkinMatters,"I love this game. The most unique FPS MOBA idon'tknowwhatelse game I've ever played and etc.The onlye problem is: I CAN'T PLAY DE GODDAMNED FREAKING GAME, BECAUSE THE MATCHMAKING IS SO BROKEN THAT I SPEND 30 FREAKING MINUTES WAITING ON QUEUE TO NOT FIND A MATCH.JESUS CHRIST SOLVE THIS SO I CAN ACTUALLY PLAY THE HOLY CURSED JESUS BLOOD WINE GAME!"
,Recommended,394230,23148166,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Munrock,A good blend of strategy and shooter.
76561198080845594,Recommended,394230,30606577,Posted: 18 March,all,dawnite,"This is actually a great game. It a whole new kind of gameplay but wrong move by the publisher to go against a much more popular gameplay style.With the community pretty much dead, it very tough to find a match.Sad Sad game."
76561198061639792,Recommended,394230,30603127,Posted: 18 March,all,🎃Creature TDL🎃,the single player make you use internet...... why
,Recommended,394230,23767383,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CipherHawk,"If you are looking to read a review this is not it (at least not a fully developed one yet, and I reserve the right to update this at some point in the future), but I thought I had to chime in on this one. To me this game is excellent (graphics, story line, mechanics, gameplay, etc), now I have not explored every single crook and cranny, as some of you may already have -- but from what I've seen it certainly does not deserve some of the negativity behind it. It's quite clear that Gearbox software/2K may have done some things incorrectly, but the game property itself is indeed worth the sale or full price for that matter, as the core gameplay is enjoyable. You can agree/disagree, just my 2¢."
76561198054518291,Not Recommended,394230,25942408,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Spac3Hulk,It has a very small playerbase. This makes it harder to get games. I would recommend this game if it had more players. But aside from that it is pretty fun. :D
,Recommended,394230,30841493,Posted: 30 March,all,GaRin,"The game if funny and has got fluid gameplay shame about the timed release, if the game got delayed and got more content it could have been a gem."
76561198043840880,Not Recommended,394230,22871276,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bipolar Fish,They introduced a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of lag in the latest patch.Gearbox's worst work by far. Don't buy.
,Recommended,394230,26802150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Havocbyte,This game is great. Even though that the reviews are mixed. But at least it's better than Overwatch...P.S. Thorn is the best character in my personal opinion.
,Recommended,394230,28941458,Posted: 2 January,all,Subtrekt,"Bought the game for multiplayer, except it was missing the players..."
,Recommended,394230,28944266,Posted: 2 January,all,Reuseable Giftcard,When I bought: Last reviews were positiveAfter I bought: Last reviews went Mixed10/10
76561198243258950,Recommended,394230,26251017,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,~ÄmseeSampanDeerus,Not bad.
,Recommended,394230,31416810,Posted: 28 April,all,InsidiousLoyalist,"I really Like this game. Some said it wasn't great but I can't see why. Sometimes you play a match of the compeditive and you get that one guy who blames everyone except himself for his own weakness ruining what should have been a simple victory, but you get that inevery game you play that has a compeditive mode. The characters are fun and there's a large variety of them too, if you don't like one there are a lot of others to try. I think this game is more fun if you have friends with it though, but it's still good to kill time if you like the style and just want something to waste time on by yourself. I wish there was like a minion hoard wave mode kind of thing. That'd be fun. Still it's a fun game and I like it."
76561197978581314,Not Recommended,394230,22872463,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,AUTISTIC TURD,"I really want to like this game,  i really do.At one point in time it was my favortie game ever but now it sucks.-1 because the lag kills this game.There are times when you literally shoot/melee a guy in the face and the hit doesnt even register with the server. This is extremely frustrating.-1 because theres lots of bugs that have been well known for over 2 months now and still no fix or any word of a fix.-1 because it takes 20 minutrs to find a game, 30 minutes if u wanna play meltdown like i do.-1 because matchmaking is absolute trash. youll often see 5 pugs low levels vs a premade team of 5 all level 100s.-1 because my computer cant even run it at 4k stable, even tho my pc can play every other game on 4k. this game has optimization issues.-1 because theres lots of cheaters in this game and no way to report themsuch a shame really. this game could have been amazing but the devs ruined it i think"
76561198102279233,Not Recommended,394230,31467880,Posted: 30 April,all,The T-Shirt,"Honestly i hyped the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it when it first came out... Hasn't been the money worth, although gearbox is really trying to make the game playable, and maybe one day, ill recommend it. But for now, ill have to say it isn't worth your money."
,Not Recommended,394230,23039439,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,COLDZERO,Game is dead. Sad. Wasted $60.
76561198262109374,Recommended,394230,32492849,Posted: 16 June,all,annieshon3,It's a fun game. I had to uninstall it because my laptop couldn't run it smoothly but next time I buy a better computer I am definatly going to play it again.
76561198209119621,Recommended,394230,29381722,Posted: 20 January,all,[EXIL] Future Pyro,love this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,394230,29049889,Posted: 5 January,all,Uncle Cornpone,more birbs than paladins
,Recommended,394230,33050059,Posted: 30 June,all,Some Guy,It's a good game
,Recommended,394230,22967471,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,thewatergamer,"UPDATE: Unless you live in america or other such place, or have the freedom to swap steam download region, I would recommend holding off until gearbox adds an official region swap to deal with the smaller playerbaseThis game is a FPS and MOBA hybrid like Monday Night Combat, if you don't like that idea then this game is not for you, goodbye, go play Overwatch, but if you do like a PvE and PvP hybrid with a co-op campaign bundled in for good measure, its definetly worth trying"
,Recommended,394230,26555759,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Katatonia,"this game is a GREAT game, there is a huge downside to it, no one plays it, since this game and overwatched released the same day the more hyped game ""overwatch"" took everyone who wanted to play a fps moba based arena shooter game.what i like the most about this game is the lock in feature, unlike overwatch this game is balanced to the point you don't need to change characters every 3-4 deaths just to contribute towards your team.game has a awesome story, cool characters and great voice acting. cinematics are top notch and i like every character.i own both this game and overwatch so heres a comparison review. both games are very team reliant games, however in overwatch you can play a few classes solo and destroy pretty much everyone, there is not 1 champion on this game that is even near that OP take in consideration that this game far more balanced. stating that, this game relies heavily upon team based input 1 person can screw your whole team up in pvp. 1 person can make a game changing play that helps your team wipe the other team. overwatch is similar but it has less team reliability upon play unranked to the point 2 or 3 people can carry a 6 person team, this game can be like that depending on how good the other team is. to my knowledge i only played against good players on this game making the pvp rather intensive and amazing.the story mode is very interesting, you can play solo or with other people. you don't have to follow the story completely but it is nice to do so, there are leaderboards on the levels basically for the fastest clear times and what not, you can unlock characters, extremely hard difficulties that are rediculous, when i said rediculous i mean, you need a dedicated group of pve players with decent general knowledge and a balanced team to beat the level.get this game, Trump pence, make Battleborn great again, build the wall of players!!""psssst i like this game more than overwatch, but i play overwatch more because i don't like waiting 20 minutes for pvp.""feel free to add me if you want to play OW or BB with me."
,Recommended,394230,25829302,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Helladope Madfresh,It's a good game. Hope the community grows.
76561197979356864,Recommended,394230,28796046,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dudefaceguy,"Battleborn is really, really fun. The point of the game is to combine PvP ""hero"" combat with PvE ""mobbing"" combat at the same time, on the same map. The ""Versus"" modes have two teams composed of human-controlled heroes and AI minions which range from one-hit trash mobs to minibosses. It's a lot of fun, and a unique experience for me. It gives you another way to be useful to your team besides dueling enemy human players, and healing the top players on your own team. It took me a few HOURS playing the game to even figure out that this existed, which is a terrible failure from the marketing department and the tutorial. This is the whole point of the game, but nobody even tells you that it exists. Instead, people compare it to Overwatch, which is nothing like Battleborn because Overwatch is only hero vs. hero combat, in which you are always focused on getting kills on other human players. In Battleborn, you are focused on objectives; winning duels with other human players is an afterthought.Pros:Combat/Gameplay - The combat is fun, varied, and interesting.PvE - It's nice to see a game like this with a single-player/co-op mobbing component, but the fact that PvE is integrated into the PvP portion of the game takes it to the next level and makes it really excellent and unique. I'm not that into multiplayer combat against other humans because I don't care about being ""good"" at a video game, so it's nice that I can still have fun playing all of the different characters versus well-designed AI opponents. In addition, I can do something useful during PvP events by killing the trash mobs, even if I'm not good enough to beat humans.Content - There is a lot of content, and the different characters are fun to try. Their play styles are all different and entertaining.Balance - This game is very, very complex and Gearbox did a great job of balancing the different characters.Complexity and accessibility - You can get very deep into the overall strategy and specific tactics of each character. This is rewarding and will make you a better player, but you can also just dive right in, be useful to your team, and have fun. Accessibility is somewhat hampered by a lack of information, but I mean that the gameplay itself is fun right from the start without having to learn the whole game.Gameplay/Combat - The gameplay is so much fun that I will say it twice.Cons:Clutter - There is a lot of useless information and very little helpful information for new players. It's hard to know what the game is even about, or what you should be doing. However, this problem goes away after about 90 minutes when you figure out what's important and what you can ignore.Story - In a game, the story serves one function: to increase immersion. This story is does not succeed on that account. It makes no sense, it's impossible to follow, and it's totally irrelevant. It mostly stays out of the way of the gameplay though, so it's a minor issue.Visuals - The visual design reminds me, unfortunately, of Serious Sam 2. It looks very cluttered, and many of the enemies look too ""cute,"" which causes a cognitive disconnect with the combat. It can sometimes be difficult to know what to focus on. But again, this problem goes away in about two hours after you get used to the game.Lack of players - We all know that there is not a large player base. Luckily, the single-player mode and PvE are both a lot of fun. Playing the PvP modes with bots is also fun, and for me, it's indistinguishable from playing with humans because I am not good.Basically, it's a lot of fun becuase of the PvP and PvE integration, and it's fun even though there aren't a lot of other players. For me, the single player experience (including PvP with bots) is more than worth the price. Specifically, Thorn is probably my favorite FPS character ever, and matches perfectly with my playstyle."
,Recommended,394230,26975127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✯ Big Ray Da Savage ✯,great game just a low player base still in my top 5
76561198154984516,Not Recommended,394230,23047995,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Severard,Okay so this is a edit of my previous review: While the beta was great when they released the game it ran much worse then when it originally came out and was riddled with bugs as well as the playerbase collasped on itself and now has 300 players if that. Please don't make the same mistake as me and all the others that bought or pre-ordered this game as well as avoid buying this. Its sad to say this beacuse this game in a way is a decent game.......
,Not Recommended,394230,23282503,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jazz,"UPDATED 2/9/2017The winter update has made this game insanely better. Sadly, this game is still dead."
,Recommended,394230,29351944,Posted: 19 January,all,CR7_2011,"APART FROM THE STUPID PROLOGUE AND THAT AWFUL CUTSCENE VIDEO THEY MAKE YOU SIT THROUGH... The game itself is actually very very good. If you give it a chance and get to learn it the same way you learn all the other games of this nature with lots of different heros to choose from etc.. You gotta master a few heros to really start having fun and understand the concept of the multiplayer game modes.If you just run into the game blind then I'm sure you will get frustrated and lose and die every game. Generally though it is well made, lots of fun and runs smooth!"
76561198024243312,Recommended,394230,25681517,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ae Ti,10/10 would get secrets whispered into my gushing neck again
76561198105949797,Recommended,394230,25674384,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Seduce Me,"Game was pretty fun, although it's not too popular so matchmaking has been taking a hit. If you like FPS but don't like Sonic-Speed gameplay, Battleborn is perfect."
76561198166234469,Recommended,394230,28256702,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DesSanctYew,"Seemed decent in what little I've played of it thus far graphics are a visually pleasing art style and as a result run well as they aren't exactly photo realistic or striving towards it. The game play itself reminds me a bit of Sanctum 2, but with even greater character depth. It felt like a well made game what little I played of it thus far."
,Recommended,394230,27265857,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,falconjcarl,"If you like PvE and have some friends to play with, this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,394230,26297767,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sir Poseidon,"Still rings that bell of the borderlands franchise, but owns it in a whole new way."
76561197979205275,Not Recommended,394230,25787756,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Skywish,"The singleplayer is amazing and theres just so many cool missions with a lot of fun bosses but the multiplayer is complete garbage, it takes a long time to find a group and most players will be rank 100 whenever you find one. If youre a new player then you just dont stand a chance."
,Not Recommended,394230,22773138,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,Hats. ♥♥♥♥ off Randy.
76561198289396534,Recommended,394230,29344171,Posted: 18 January,all,alansandbucketgaming,"I adore this game! sooo much fun. if you get it keep in mind that the learning curve is steep and requires a LOT of gameplay to become competent.i am currently level 76 or something so i have really played this game for a decent amount of time, so you can trust my opinion more than those people who play for like 3 hours and give it a negative review.  i did buy the pc version of the game but soon replaced it with the ps4 version. the ps4 and xbox one versions have larger communities. the pc one is still worth buying though. they also just released an update that has large changes to the game, including unlocking all characters for everyone from the beginning.verdict:this game is a massively underrated gem, just give it some time and you will be greatly rewarded.have fun being a battle born :)"
,Recommended,394230,23877918,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AveNinr,Battleborn < Overwatch < Team Fortress 2 < Half Life 3?Make the right choice...
,Not Recommended,394230,22806733,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,T3mp3stN7,"I was excited for this game, but I am bored after 6 hours of gameplay. Also can't find a single multiplayer match and where is this singleplayer they are talking about its just a co-op run here and run there sim. I have no idea how reviews are so positive for this, yes its a pretty game but come on developers give us something good and not just pretty for once."
76561198135839598,Not Recommended,394230,22829397,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Greenrobedmage,"Broken Matchmaking-2-3 days after launch I should not have to be waiting 20-30 mins to wait for a match to fill, only to get a server timeout and have to start all over again.People joining, and quitting due to match wait, or uneven sides. Finally getting a full group then having to wait another several minutes as the game realizes it cant obtain a server for you, 3-4 times in a row...These are issues you would expect from a very old title, not for something this hyped from a AAA developer.The gameplay is mildly fun, but there isn't really anything BB does that another game doesn't do better. Just grab Overwatch and Borderlands 2 and stay clear of this train wreck."
76561198033998344,Not Recommended,394230,22807296,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,francezano,"mediocre moba with some fps arena elements. at the beginning it's fun, just the first 2 days then it becomes ripetitive and boring. the price is no worth at all."
,Not Recommended,394230,22833006,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,[Herman],"I was pretty hyped-up when I pre-ordered the game, my pc settings are pretty above the recomended ( i5-4570/16gb/r9 280x), I was supposed to run it fine, right? no...When I opened the game for the first time saw the settings on mid-high, though I would push it to high-max, would looks good, loaded the op mission, watched the amazing opening animation, hyped af for the game, then it loaded .... oh boy, the fps was going up and down faster than a roller coaster, was somewhat around 60-70 indoor, but outside was garbage, around 10-20fps, turned everything to the lowest possible settings, still lagging, and it get even worse on the saboteur mission, where outside my fps go as low as 8 at the lowest settings...Also the character balance seems ridiculously bad for now, I don't know if they will change something, but right now, ""some"" character are simply OP as it can be, and others are useless."
,Not Recommended,394230,22834684,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,LJAMIN,"Was very excited to play this game, went in hearing great reviews. In the very first 5 minutes of the single-player I experienced constant frame drops and a weird lag effect that would cause me to keep falling off and dying. After I got use to the lag I then played mulitplayer where I experienced great gameplay for about 30 minutes then experienced the same lag effect I seen on the single-player. This is a good game but just doens't feel like 60 dollars to me. Theres to many things that must be fixed before I can call this game finished. Now to the others that had no trouble with this game Im sure its worth $60, but sadly not to me."
76561198132257185,Not Recommended,394230,23244859,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Chris.T,fact this is already being discounted 40% 2 weeks after release and still isn't top seller page on steam speaks for itself.
,Not Recommended,394230,22906028,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Hype,I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It's not a well put together game. It's not balanced and it's not well optimized.
76561198031427743,Not Recommended,394230,22823113,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bhorgen,"It has potential, but the combat feels like a complete cluster♥♥♥♥. The multiplayer is good but suffers from a few bugs.The story mode on the other hand is horrible, Loads of bugs that causes events not to progress or you catch on fire and it never goes out so you die. The boss battles are bland and boring, they lack fun mechanics and all have several invunerability phases where you slaughter waves of minions. That was okay for the first few but ALL the bosses are pretty much the same. The only thing that redeems the storymode is the humor.Overall a decent game if you like MOBAs and would like to try something that has a higher pace.With a few bugfixes i would recommend this game but for now you might aswell wait until they patch it"
,Recommended,394230,23946998,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mewmew,Great game. :)
76561198047485426,Recommended,394230,23919448,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Grimm Tornsteel,"First of all, I love this game to bits. Sure. It has it's issues. But Gearbox has been releasing weekly patches and fixes. With a major content patch every month. And they published a roadmap with estimated dates of new content, modes, maps and Battleborn.The array of characters is awesome. They are well fleshed out and have their own distinct personalities and react to eachother with playful banter, snarky comments or just by being plain rude.The character roster is just insane. You have Marquis. A Robot Sniper, a real gentlebot, with a healthy hate for the poor. Marquis can pull Mechanical Owls from his hat that chase down enemies and explode!Not feeling like sniping? Take El Dragón for a spin. A LUCHADOR WITH MECHANICAL ROBOT ARMS! Dropkick enemies in the face, slap them around a bit and finish it all with a bodyslam from the top rope! THAT EXPLODES IN CANDY!As the game says. A Baddass for everyone.Battleborn has a story mode. These are purely PvE, with events that are wave based (protect the cores), escort missions (Get sentry from A to B) or just a regular Siege (Go in + kill everything + fight bosses = profit) and has some interesting boss battles.Next to the story mode we have PVP. PvP is where it's at. The three game modes are a blast!- Capture is pure PvP. 5 vs 5 competing for 3 collectors that are spread across the map. Capture and defend these   Collectors for points and look cool doing so.- Incursion is a mix of PvE and PvP. Keep the minnions from attacking your sentry. And make sure your minnions reach the enemy sentry. This all happens in a single lane and it feels like a very epic game of Tug o' War. With some epic comebacks. It just feels awesome when all seems lost and you make a huge push back and manage to take down the enemy.- Meltdown is also a mix of PvE and PvP. There are two lanes in this game mode. Minnions follow a path to throw themselves into a burning incinerator for points. At 250 point the incinerators switch place so you have to escort the minnions further down the line to get your points.So far we had some major balance changes, a new Battleborn: Alani. Some form of combat healer. You attack stuff to build charges. These charges can be used to heal yourself or your allies. This kinda forces you to play more agressive and it's a nice change of pace.In one of the more recent patch they added an option to reduce particle effects. People have been complaning it obstructed view and made things to chaotic. Especially as a melee character. I haven't touched the option myself because I love the chaotic nature of the game.Despite of the small player base there are alot players that are passionate about the game. With almost 300 hours in I still play every day and made alot of new internet buddies doing so. The community is great if you ask me. I can reccomend people to visit the Battleborn Reddit page, it's awesome and the people there are too.I really recommend this game. I love it and I really want to share this love."
,Recommended,394230,23910960,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,UzitheGod,Is a fun game and is quite enjoyable to unlock characters and additional upgrades. However since everyone is brainwashed by Blizzard this game been over looked and is in the shadows of Overwatch. Give it a try specially with the discount.
,Not Recommended,394230,23295739,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,: (,"FIX THE FPSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOk so the game is nice. Never had problems with the matchmaking (except when I woke up at 6 in the morning and couldn't find anyone..)BUT even with a pretty ok pc,i can't play the game..FX 8350 4.4ghz, R9 380 (1120/1500)I'm trying to play at 900P but it seems like the settings aren't doing anything.Also,fix the ♥♥♥♥ing ""fullscreen"" bug. The game can't render at the native resolution when you are in fullscreen. If you're chosing the borderless-window you gain 10fps-ish..Fix this mess...i bought the digital deluxe to play the game not to cry around wasting my time to see if there is a fix on the internet..."
76561198014827832,Not Recommended,394230,23091712,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ClocksNHalls,Not worth the price.  Frustrating matchmaking and character balance.  Community dead is dead.
76561197975032010,Not Recommended,394230,23444301,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Oxcyde,"Hope you guys are happy you completely neglected the competetive scene and crushed all the potential this game had to be the next big blockbuster hit. For shame Gearbox, you killed your own game right out of the gate."
,Not Recommended,394230,23130353,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Aqua Mouse,This game would be fantastic if all the other people in versus weren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lords.I guess if you like a 4 hour single play campaign that is more repetitive than Destiny and a moba with the bottom of the barrel players from all the other mobas then this is your game. If you're expecting anything new or competent team mates then look someplace else.
76561198001462288,Not Recommended,394230,23334626,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Memer,"Game is not bad, but feels like it could have used more Dev time. Also No one plays it so the game is basically dead."
,Recommended,394230,25476350,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Iscamion,"This game is fantastic, a brilliant combination of different gameplay styles.The main thing that let's it down is the small playerbase, and you can get around that by adding people as friends who you've played with, and pairing up when you're both online!"
,Not Recommended,394230,23018176,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,dumbfcuk,"Great visual design with very diverse and funny characters. Runs well (80fps) on a GTX 970.This may be a case of ""It's not for me"", but I really didn't like the PvP Multiplayer even though I usually like or don't mind MOBAs. The combat is visually too busy, melee characters feel awkward to play: one character can hook but if you hit, you'll drag the target behind you, unless you stop moving before hooking. Character balance feels off.Multiplayer PvE is functional with nice level design, great voiceacting. The missions I ran were 30m to 1h long. I would not recommend to buy the game for PvE though - if that's what you're into, Borderlands is better.The loot system is okay and fair I guess, but I don't really think that it really does a lot for the game.The character unlock system is completely unnecessary, artificially gating characters behind arbitrary achievemnts (win x matches as y faction, get x kills, complete a certain story mission) or account level requirements, some of which are absurdly high.Would not recommend for solo players, but is probably fun with a group."
,Not Recommended,394230,22829215,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Rowr,"Hard to take this game seriously until it gets a balance patch. Miko must have a 90 percent winrate in incursion mode. Games take too long in this mode and rarely do they swing the other way after one team gets an upper hand in the first 10 mins.Single player involves moving from one defend point to another and fighting waves. You might get thirty minutes into a mission and fail if the point is taken leaving you with nothing but wasted time, this probably wont happen to you more than a few times though once you get a feel for it. Although connection issues in coop might cause other players to dc from a match making it impossible to finish.The system for creating loadouts is neat, but the items are fairly limited and don't let you specialise as much as you might want.A positive is the large roster of characters, though many of them feel a little too straight forward. Probably half of them you wont want to play more than a couple of times. In Versus matchmaking you have no knowledge what the other team might pick, so you are kind of playing a guessing game as to how effective the hero you pick might be.This game has a few things going for it, but at the moment with its current content and state it is hard to recommend.I could see this being much better in 3-6 months with some balance patches and content releases. Then again maybe no one is playing it by then as overwatch seems to have stolen its thunder (though they seem to be doing different things)"
,Not Recommended,394230,22855645,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SneakySanchez,"So I'm gonna go ahead and say get this game, but NOT AT FULL PRICE, get it when it's on sale or try it during a free trial period.  It does not have the map/story content of a full-priced, $60 game and the vs mode (which is the main reason to buy this game) is very unbalanced and needs tweaking.  I wanna say that I love the guys at gear box, they know how make cool characters and hilarious dialogue, and this game is no exception to that.  But really this game tries to do too much and comes just shy of all of it.  I'd go into more detail, but many of the other reviews explain it much better than I can. I'll give gearbox some benefit of knowing that this is their first real attempt at serious pvp ... but that's what play testing is for, it really feels like they didn't work out the kinks in this game.  So overall, don't get this game yet, wait until it's on sale and keep checking the reviews for updates, if/when they smooth out the kinks I'd be happy to re-write this as a recommendation, but for now I'd rather suggest you save your hard-earned money"
76561198007412195,Not Recommended,394230,23400950,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Small but Slow,"I decided to do an edit on this review and add a little more info.This game is still fun.  I guess it went on sale as part of a bundle (maybe still on sale) but I heard it was $15 or $20.  For that price you will LOVE this game and definently get your money out of it.  If you find it that cheap, buy it and PLAY it.I think this game is a victim of what it ""could have been"" versus what it is.  As is, it's a fun and interesting game.I recommend to new people just starting the game to spend some time in story missions to learn a couple of characters and get some gear BEFORE going into PvP.  If you don't, you're going to end up on the wrong end of smash fest.I still stand by my earlier statement (in fact I strenously recommend) that you shouldn't buy the digital deluxe edition or the season pass.  Save your money.________________________________________________________________If you bought this game when it first came out and played immediatly, you probably really enjoyed this game for bit.  I did.  If you read any of the longer negative reviews I think they are pretty accurate in their description of the game.  So in that vein, I will try to add a little perspective.1) The PvP, while once fun, has become annoyingly repetative, with only really 10 of the 26 characters who are aren't complete liabilities in PvP.2) It's gotten to where you see the same players over and over and as they drop out, it will only get more repetative.3) People disconecting in game, seems to be becomming more and more of an issue.  Not sure the reasons, but it instantly makes a PvP game very one-sided.  Story missions not so big a deal, but still annoying.4) Story mode becomes very old, even while switching characters.I see many people suggesting that this would be a good purchase for $30.  I think they are accurate in their assessment.  Unfortunately, most of this games fun was the variety, which as less and less people play and more people figure out that over half of the characters are massive liabilities in PvP, I think it's only going to get worse.What ever you do, don't buy the season pass or digital deluxe edition.  It is effectively worthless.  So far the add on DLC, i.e., Alani you can buy for credits in game so why pay real money just so you can play her for one week before all the non-season pass owners do?  The way this game is going, I will have 4 more downloadable charactes to get with my season pass, for a game I won't be playing by then.Hope this helps."
,Not Recommended,394230,23392945,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mr.WTM®,"Too little players under the Asian Server, computer needs to be higher in specs to play the game."
,Recommended,394230,23303720,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Tezyck,"Whooo boy, where to begin....First of all, I don't compose many reviews although I think about doing so.So here goes.To the point. Now, after release the 'major' competition is out. Overwatchor Battleborn.the sameness of cell shading...Let's look at it like this.Has blizz ever done cell shading before? Answer is NOBut Valve has, in a little legendary game known as Team Fortress 2 which... lo and behold is aClass Based Shooter.Has Gearbox done cell shading before??Yes! In every single Borderlands game.Now, before I talk about Battleborn in particular, let me get one thing out of the way.I have been playing Blizzard titles since 1998. I've played them all. I was a huge fanbefore being a blizz fan was a 'thing' , really.and I have not touched Overwatch... What does that say, in and of itself? Nothing, well.... Onwards toBATTLEBORN:Okay, at first I thought the game looked stupid. I mean, Oscar Mike is an imbecile. and using him for the primarytrailer was a travesty.Later on, I did my research.OH!Its not an Overwatch clone.It is a FPS MOBA (made by a team who has produced some GREAT FPS games.The thing is.This game has depth.Its offering a lot of additional free content over time.-as in any traditional MOBA you level up your chosen Hero throughout a match, levelling them up outside of the matchgives access to 'mutations' in their DNA (the lvling up is akin to genetic code)Gear:You unlock gear, mostly through loot packs bought with currency earned from matches.Unlike MANY games in this position the gear is not single use. -and you can have multiple gear loadouts.of course there are skins for the Battleborn.There are 25 Battleborn to begin with, with 5 more to come.free updates adding new matches as well (and the additional playable characters are only available initiallyfor season pass owners... You can unlock them just by playing.Shift codes can be a pain, but heck. free intermittant loot!----all this, and I bet you're wondering...is it fun?!Heck Yea its fun!Most fun I've had in a MOBAMost fun I've had in an FPS in years.all in all a fluid meshing of two major genres.Gameplay consists of either playing campaign missions, solo or cooperativelyOr in 5v5 matches where there are currently 3 match types.Running around, collecting crystal shards (used to power up buildable defenses and boosts,or merely to activate your equipped gear....Now, I only have 8-9 hours atm,but I am a father of a 3 year old. Even one(30 minute)match is a lot to ask for someone who's priorities are elsewhere these days.ALL IN ALLdon't listen to the haters.Don't listen to the adolescant drones who are so far up Overwatch's behindthey can't see straight enoughto recognizethe title that works harder for its pricetagthan its competition.Give it a shot,Gearbox deserves it. Deserves your dollar morethan the monstrositythat Blizzard has become."
76561197991348830,Not Recommended,394230,24034625,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,hs.Chester.xD,"-good idea, poor dev-bugy engine-boring missions-totally unbalanced pvp maps-bad bug correction by devsThis game can be cool but the devs dont know what they are doing there. Need to change a lot."
,Not Recommended,394230,23181457,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Cai,"Simple player review. These are simply & stricly my personal opinion on this game which I had very high hopes for.Pros:-Lots of fun characters to try (Obviously)-Single Player story just in case your not feeling the social thing or your internet goes down-MOBA like multiplayer matches for those of us who are into those kinds of thingsCons:-Boring & shallow story mode. I found myself jumping around and meleeing things to try and make is seem more fun than it was but in the end it was just...Boring. The AI is joke to anyone familiar with this kind of thing. Were in borderlands I was constantly ducking for cover and moving around, I often found myself just holding the trigger and standing still most of the time, especially for boss fights with multiple players.It just dident live up to my hopes, But I'm not even mad, Gearbox took a step out of their comfort zone and tried something new and how can you dicover if you never explore...Now give me my money back Gearbox and get on Borderlands 3."
76561198144153258,Recommended,394230,23855355,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dewman was taken,I just wish people didn;t see this as an Overwatch clone... :c
,Not Recommended,394230,22895462,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Shdw_Fox,"Premis seems good but laggy as f*** on launch wait to see patches before you purchase. was unplayable for me, Decent PC as well. Beta ran smoother."
76561198041230210,Not Recommended,394230,22906665,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Pandoir,"I like the game, I like the idea of gameplay and waited mostly for the co-op single player campaign.that said, even with all the fixes suggested here and there, I can't get more than 10 fps in almost any map in story mode, smooth 60+ in multi.hoping a patch will fix this, but for now, if you want to enjoy the campaign I can't recommend this."
76561198013984631,Not Recommended,394230,32846904,Posted: 27 June,all,Burbot's Revenge,"I have been patient for this game for as long as I could. I bought it shortly after it came out of beta which I also played. It was decent and fun, and mainly enough people playing to enjoy all aspects of the game. I took a break at some point from this game around when Pendles came out. I tried to come back a few times shortly after this within a year or so and the game has been downhill from there for me.My main issue is and has been matchmaking. My life and time is just more important to me then trying to wait 10,20,30+ minutes for a match just to play. I'v oftenly kept an eye on the players playing the game at one time and never seen it peak over 800 or 1000, which i thought were good enough odds to find people to play with. Recently I'v seen 300 online playing the last time I checked.It makes me sad that this game which I enjoyed and would still enjoy if I could play, has turned into what feels like a match making simulator. The ideas for loadouts, characters, and maps were awesome! I don't even care about balance at this point to note. And in my honest opinion I think this game was better than Overwatch and Palidans for example. I have the least amount of time in Overwatch because there is nothing there for me. Iv played my share of "" Shooters"" over the years and thats all Overwatch is for me, a basic shooter with no filling.So to summarize, Battleborn had great potential to be something awesome and for a short time it was. If you can manage to make it into matchmaking and actually do things in the game, more power to you and enjoy it while you can. For me, im done struggling and trying to beat a deadhorse. I hope that by some chance this game can claw itself out of the hole that it feels painfully obvious it's in but if not, thanks Battleborn for the short time I did get to enjoy you.I'm uninstalling Battleborn for the second time."
76561197998330372,Not Recommended,394230,23693878,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,BloodOmen,Think this says enough :https://www.reddit.com/r/Battleborn/comments/4o7vko/so_after_a_day_of_thought_im_actually_pretty_upset/
,Recommended,394230,23230072,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TheFeralKing3,"Grwat game, huge learning curve though"
76561198007183909,Not Recommended,394230,23603722,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Small Astroide,"only 3 word for the potensial buyers""don`t buy it""it sucks and the micro transacitons sucks even more"
76561198044924739,Not Recommended,394230,22974992,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,UncivilHades,"Untill the frame rate and bugs are fixed it will be almost unplayable for users with an average pc. most games i tend to look at how well it can play on a rig that isnt super expensive , but when i can get 60fps from battlefield 4 and only 10-15 on this after even going into config files and changing them the game becomes unplayable when teamates and bots are on the screen"
76561198128723680,Not Recommended,394230,22951486,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Oniogi,"I got this game after overwatch went out of open beta because I still had that itch for a fps MOBA style game, got a game with forced humor, boring story mode, unbalanced match making, and just a overall... bad game.Maybe I just disliked how much its NOT Overwatch but even diregarding that I'd rather just play borderlands if I wanted a better executed form of this games humor."
76561198031328124,Recommended,394230,27653635,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rizilliant,"Now thats its under $20 for the game, and season pass combined, i absolutely recommend it.. Keep in mind, the playerbase is small, so buy at your own risk, unless you have friends willing to spend the $17 to buy in.. Sucks.. Ive been waiting since beta ended to buy this, but i wasnt spending $80!Edit: Since this Black Friday sale, Ive been getting matches non stop, partially premade, and others join in, full 5 man groups, with no wait time.. If youre gonna play, nows the time.. Stop by the Discussions page, and pickup a few new friends who want to play.. Its kept me nonstop running missions for the last 24hours!"
,Recommended,394230,22774221,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,[FCSN] Dubb,Queuing Simulator.Literally takes 20 minute to join.Overall the games great.
76561198045786416,Recommended,394230,22858894,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ODB Kris,is gud
,Not Recommended,394230,25182032,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hayes,just don't seriously
76561198040856982,Recommended,394230,22901493,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Hozerkiller,all in all a solid game
,Recommended,394230,23523213,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,dragonbane494,"This game is completely badass, this is a quick paced FPS game and I normally don't like FPS games but anything by gearbox seems to get my attention"
,Not Recommended,394230,30988891,Posted: 6 April,all,Bacon,"Dont buy this game. You CAN'T find other players. This is ridiculous, and I didn't get a refund.Worst buy ever. I hope gearbox at least refund the players. An average of 15 minutes to FIND A SINGLE MATCH. And, players just give up. REFUND NOW."
76561198092968196,Recommended,394230,23031301,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ChaoticKn1ght,game gets old
,Not Recommended,394230,26065783,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zerophux,Trash. Devs don't listen to community. Go play overwatch. Wait for Borderlands 3.
,Recommended,394230,22982800,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Wade Wilson,"I was orginally going to buy overwatch or DOOM but then my brother told me about this game and I never heard of it. At first I was skeptical because it is an FPS/MOBA. I LOVE league of legends and MOBAS in general also love FPS ( loads of hours in CS). I went ahead and bought this game. WOW I was blown away! I have not tried co op or single player because I have no interest in that what so ever, but I heard it is great. The PVP is awesome. It plays and feels like a MOBA with a different feel. It is really enjoyable. I reccomend this game greatly.. Also, vote TRUMP please."
,Recommended,394230,23336095,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Delthanesh,"TLDR: Battleborn is a good game, but could have been truly great. 8.5/10I have had a lot of fun playing this game, and just completed the campaign solo. I am looking forward to the DLC and new maps, and for me, that is a difficult thing to admit.A lot of reviewers have given this game a bad rap, but likely because of the multiplayer graphical optimization. I like single player and co-op, but the points below are unbiased.PROs:- Most FPS are afraid to do asymmetrical class design, which makes games more balanced but less fun.- I\'m a huge fan of the direction, being an FPS fan and a MOBA fan but not liking the way most MOBA\'s are implemented. I think they just need to optimize the multiplayer\'s performance and i\'d buy a sequel.- I like that each character plays totally different, and the MOBA-Levelling mechanic is refreshing.- The multiplayer is fun, with bots or people.- Single Player performed pretty well on my machine, either at 4k or lower resolutions.- Unlocking characters is easy, by the time i finished the campaign solo i had 19/25.- Not as bad as DNF, Aliens: Colonial Marines.CONs:- Some characters seem more powerful, but this is mostly due to different skill levels required.- Netcode is probably the biggest downfall, if it wasnt for that, my score would have been 9.0/10,0- It is not Overwatch, so there is not as much T&A.- Obviously more multiplayer maps and modes are needed for longevity. Content and polishing is needed more than new characters, hopefully they keep that in mind.- Not as good as Borderlands 1 & 2.I recommend it to people that would like MOBA\'s if it had single-player, fans of Borderlands and want something fresh, or those that want a different style of multiplayer shooters. Or those that have Character-related ADD like myself.I wouldnt recommend it if you need totally perfectly balanced and optimized multiplayer matches."
76561198183032186,Recommended,394230,22853675,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,dais,moba fps
,Recommended,394230,31633939,Posted: 8 May,all,snot,would rather be watching over things that being born to battle
76561198126237455,Not Recommended,394230,23662158,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Niceiceman75,i like playing these game but there are some glites/bugs they need to fix up or the game is no more i love these game but i hate the glitches so much
,Not Recommended,394230,23682672,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Jyn Erso,"TLDR Bottom Line:Has potential, but falls short. With the current state of the game on PC I wouldn't purchase until another hefty price cut or discount, and removal of Microtransactions.Review:It's hard to put into words how to describe Battleborn overall. It's not bad by any means, it's not particularly great, but it can't be summed up as simply mediocre either. The dialogue, humor, story, and range of characters the game has are it's best features. The gameplay is a mess of unbalanced abilities, ill fitting campaign gameplay, and multiplayer that snowballs out of control in favor of one team.The way this game has been handled since launch has been atrocious to put it mildly, and basically why I decided to write a review for it. The most recent example is with microtransactions for skins we saw in the beta, but were withheld to be sold later on top of a $60-$90 game that got reduced in price almost immediately. These Tier 2 character customizations are more detailed re-colors of characters that most people thought would come with the game, and are not even covered by the season pass or deluxe editions. The 2 story levels featured in the beta (The deciding factor for my purchase) were by far the most unique, with nearly all the others being a variation of escort/defend missions. I feel betrayed, like those trailers for mediocre movies that put the best scenes in the trailer. That was the biggest letdown for me.Multiplayer has had issues from the start, but kneejerk nerfing of some characters (due to a vocal forum community) while leaving others incredibly overpowered has left the online competiteve mode in an almost unplayable state. Being unable to change heroes once you select, as well as having teammates who leave the game not have their spots replaced by other players is what ultimately dooms the multiplayer. One team always gets more xp and then it gets worse and worse from there until there's no chance to come back or even catch up. I think it's like this because it tries to force itself in the box of a MOBA and forgets it's actually an FPS with MOBA elements, and the result is a frustrating experience for any team that doesn't have the perfect composition as the overpowered characters. It's a shame too because the characters are so interesting people generally have a range of favorites they like to play as and none are really disliked like in some other games.Like I said, the game can't be summed up as simply bad though. There are many redeeming qualities, just not enough to make up for what it lacks. You can theoretically get your moneys worth from the story itself (despite the poor gameplay design of some levels), as well as the diversity and funness of the characters. The voice acting is superb as is the art, and the animated cutscenes are incredible. There is sooooo much potential for this game to be the next big thing since borderlands, but it's almost like they intentionally made the gameplay sub par so they wouldn't step on BL's toes. I wanted this game to do well and be good, but unfortunately it couldn't manage it."
76561198119605882,Not Recommended,394230,29697490,Posted: 4 February,all,Baleful Ira,NO. Dont buy unless you have already 500hours on this game. because thats who you will be dealing with on enemy teams
,Not Recommended,394230,25240786,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ahnold,♥♥♥♥ this game! That is all! Don't waste your money on it.
76561197996194165,Recommended,394230,23325558,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mentalist101,I don\'t do many reviwes but this game is excellent - every character has thier own feel and can be played in several ways and with 25+ characters this gives lots of replayability. Not every character will be easy to play with but I can guarantee that there will be at least one you will enjoy no matter what the situation is.It\'s also very funny in a self-aware sort of way.
76561197968548906,Recommended,394230,22862695,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,BigK,I love this game have it on PS4 and PC
,Recommended,394230,23088284,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Incognito,"Great Game in my opinon, most if not all characters are well balanced and can esily be countered. Player level foes not really matter past level 25-30. Yes sometime you can be matched with people 20, 30, even 60 levels above you, but if you know your character well enough, you can fully utilize him to destroy your enemies. The dev team is pretty decent as well. 9/10 MOBA"
,Recommended,394230,23121246,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Chillmatic,"Great game, reasonable balance right at launch. Matchmaking can be rough at times but overall very fun."
76561198173282435,Recommended,394230,23459396,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Almighty Tallest Purple,"i dont know why this games reviews are mixed, dis a good game"
,Not Recommended,394230,26020053,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[Ci]Scumgrief,"Last Gearbox / 2K game I purchase.  I paid full pre-order price and feel robbed after giving it more than a fair share of my playing time. Rotten updates, imbalance galore, matchmaking sucks, little to no population.  Should have learned my lesson after the Borderlands Pre-Sequel steaming pile.  Spend your money and time elsewhere.  There are F2P games better than this."
76561198112670563,Not Recommended,394230,23047782,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Austin,"Bad optimization,8320e, R9-270 10-15fpsCant play offline."
76561198042366973,Recommended,394230,24243687,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zodd187,Game is great one of the best out there imodownside is no one plays
76561198086967342,Recommended,394230,23901583,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GreyusWolfus,"Guys i love this game its fun, but we need more people playing it else it will die out way too soon."
,Recommended,394230,23045882,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DezertPunK,"And now, a list of things I hate:1) Team Death Match2) MOBA's(my hatred of this genre is legendary)3) Aliens: Colonal MarinesAnd now, things that I love:1)Battleborn2) Moxi CosplayersReview(sort of)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Battle Born has it's issues &, in my opinion, should've been F2P out the gate but in spite of this it's fun with tons of characters to level up(which is good because you'll get tired of the same arenas after your 1st week). If you're considering buying I would hold out in hopes Gearbox changes the business model. Normaly I don't like F2P games but if it's done right & the pricing is fair it could revive the community."
76561198054351128,Recommended,394230,25314598,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Starscream,"This game got destroyed by Overwatch even though it came out first.It has a lot of depht and fun gameplay, with a lot of choices offered to you, you can chose between 2-3 abilities each level, spend your gold on items or on buildings/followers. The characters are diversified and are all what you could expect from the good ol' Borderland. However, the community isn't developped enough, and the game is too highly priced.There is a very good solo campaign that you can play in co-op, with bosses, platforming elements and trashmobs, like you could expect from RPG/Beat them all. You can play various roles with your characters, some are melee assassins, tanks, snipers, healers, support, lifestealer, displacer...Problem is, Overwatch gave it a bad reputation because people assume it's a rip-off (even though it came out first and the games are reaaaaally differents), so it's a vicious circle. The game has a bad reputation so nobody plays it, making the multiplayer messy, not encouraging Gearbox to release new content, making the game even more overpriced...This game deserve some love. It really does."
76561198014131337,Recommended,394230,22772749,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,deus.tempestas,"Bwhahahahaha, funny, fast, furious and fun. Just did the first mission. So far so good."
76561198061086175,Recommended,394230,22781048,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MR. CANTSLOWDOWN,just wow
,Recommended,394230,22984869,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,emiriaaa,You love to spam your skill yet it kills people randomly? BUY THISLove to shoot things with your friends? BUY THISAre you bad at PvP like me and just wanna have fun shooting horde of enemies? BUY THISJUST BUY IT!
,Recommended,394230,23327475,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,WraithWard,THis is a great game. Humor and great no in your face in game purchases with great price tag puts this a touch over overwatch in my book.
,Recommended,394230,22783131,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TherainED,It's so much of an Overwatch clone that I'd rather play this than Overwatch.
76561198014682424,Not Recommended,394230,28543542,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HRX,"game has good humour , sadly you find less or almost no players playing it....well at least for my region that is Asia. since you cant play it offline that makes this game unplayable by any means : ("
76561198047141932,Recommended,394230,22791954,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rhys the wise,"BattleBorn is an amazing masterpeice, Gearbox has never failed me. the pro log and outro is a fantastic animation that really should have its own tv series.Go get this game right now, its so worth it and its tons of fun!"
76561198125096601,Not Recommended,394230,24550792,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Reznov,This game is pretty. Pretty pathetic.
,Not Recommended,394230,28708826,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[  candlewax  ],"Would be a great game, if you had any idea what you were looking at. Very few games I've played have been such a visual cluster♥♥♥♥, even Bullethell games are more clear than this. Not to mention;-Quite possibly the worst matchmaking ever, as it takes about half an hour to get a decent game and you'll be guarenteed to be playing with someone you've seen recently in Queue-Hideous character design-Lazy/shallow story and lore pretending to be the best Graphic Novel ever-Really wierd feeling combat, mixed with character abilies that barely synergize and a seriously linear skill tree-Only about 3 or 4 of the characters have actual personalities, the rest of the cast are basically the same person (and spout that trademark ""not actually that funny"" humour Gearbox prides itself on for some reason)If it's under £10 then by all means pick it up for a laugh, but I'd be stuggling to find reasons to want to pay the full price for this game, especially when much better (some FREE!) alternatives exist."
,Recommended,394230,28720087,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Trakais,Great but underrated game.
76561198129099488,Recommended,394230,23177056,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lermnergerb,This game is brilliant. Worth every cent.
76561198002008859,Recommended,394230,22922582,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,|UKMD| Angelus,"Hands down one of the best games on steam, I have not played a game with such replayability in a very long time."
,Not Recommended,394230,25103857,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,inverse404,shameless rip off business model on a rather confused game design
76561198025966670,Recommended,394230,30579675,Posted: 17 March,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"This game is exactly like Overwatch... well except the story missions. Other than that there is really no difference... well also the operations. That is also different. However, there is nothing else differentiating the two... Oh the pvp modes are quite different also... Nothing else though , with the exception of more characters to choose from . Other than that though uh oh and a vast amount of lore,skins and taunts you can unlock. Oh and the humour is the same except battleborn humour is funny."
,Recommended,394230,23398873,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,nunevil,battleborn or know has BB is good for any persone who loved to play borderlands to which i am not say people who love borderlands will love this but this games does take it's humor from borderlands. the colour on the maps are good but thanks to the voting system for pvp or pve you will get sick of the same map like in pvp incusion everyone picks overgrowth. the 25 or + depending when read is a very diverse group of charaters to play like a bird with a rocket launcher to penguin in a mechsuit . but the matchmaking has slowen down cause of overwatch or know as OW  bylooking the same and being advaveiced but back to the point.  like borderlands you can farms a boss for a legendary. one major diffence from BB and OW by health is BB heros take a good amount of damage to kill which makes it more rewarding killing a playerShould i buy BB?you should if you got friends wanting to play but if not i would still recomendi would give it a 8.5/10
76561198109396234,Recommended,394230,23398589,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gucci common,This is game is reall fun and I dont understand the hate for itone thing it is is that it it cannot be compabrle to overwatch which a lot of people doThis game got some of the most creative charcters with great persoanlity (oscar mike is more then a clone)The graphics well not the best but sure is a fun game.It got a singleplayer for christ sake how can you go wrong with that.Some negativities are.Some charcters are hard to getoptimzation not the bestcan get repetitive.interntet only.
,Recommended,394230,22796874,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Huxley,"Slick and Stylish with the best intro to a game I have ever seen.Smooth gameplay, well optimised. Incredibly fun, what more can I say."
,Recommended,394230,22815069,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,sooN,First wave player of the Overwatch beta.Cancelled my Overwatch preorder.Bought Battleborn.True story.
,Recommended,394230,23012664,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,HennyBear,Such a badass game. BADASS (They say that word a lot in the game)
76561197999024706,Recommended,394230,23664639,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Stealthy Trouser Snake,the game is good. its fun in co-op and pvp game modes i have no complaints good job gearbox
76561198061910271,Recommended,394230,22882624,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,AboveALLskillz,cool game worth 60$
76561198159330690,Not Recommended,394230,24122436,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Rhetekis,"I'm a big fan of 2k, but I just want to say how unhappy I am about the matchmaking. I've had waited about a half an hour to find a team just so they could quit. Otherwise, from the matches I have played, it is good. But this game should not be 60$, especially when the game is ALWAYS matchmaking."
76561198009696593,Not Recommended,394230,26743605,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lightgrace,"This advertise as from the maker of Borderland, but the graphic is much worse off and frame rate totally screwed.  Interface is bad, and i cant find anything makes it worth $10..."
,Recommended,394230,31019042,Posted: 8 April,all,T.w² | JayCoit3,"This game is SOOOO underated, this is starting to be a go to game if I don't feel like playing Overwatch for a bit!"
,Recommended,394230,31009630,Posted: 7 April,all,goblin304,Battleborn is a challenging fun game stop complaining about it and play it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970444834,Recommended,394230,22848352,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Goat Necromancer,"I enjoy it... Yep, thats my review."
76561198009341252,Recommended,394230,22848627,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Catfish Billy maaaayn,"Battleborn is an excellent mix of a MOBA and a shooter. While its controls aren't as tight as those of Overwatch (I hate that comparison, but it seems to be what the general public is comparing it to) it definitely is a competent shooter in itself while also sporting a lot of charm due to its vast array of characters.While the game definitely is better with friends, it's still a fantastic game if you're playing it by yourself, just be sure to play the story mode through the matchmaking system, as it's much better to actually play the co-op campaign co-op instead of solo. As for the versus multiplayer aspect, it's guaranteed to hold your attention for a good while with 25 different characters and 3 game modes. There are only 6 different maps to speak of as of right now, 2 for each game mode, but the maps feel different enough to warrant there not being more right now. Unfortunately 2 of the maps are poorly optimized (Echelon and Coldsnap, the latter being the worse of the two when it comes to optimization), but with more maps (as well as characters) coming down the line, hopefully Gearbox can iron that issue out.In this short review I just wanted to briefly brush over the major offerings of Battleborn and hopefully provide you with information that will help you decide whether or not it's worth a purchase for you. There are a lot of stuff I haven't covered, like loot, progression, lore challenges, boss battles etc., but for me, this is the kind of game I've been waiting for for ages without knowing it. Battleborn definitely has a few issues, but I am hopeful that Battleborn does well and that Gearbox is able to turn it into a longlasting franchise.9/10"
76561198094974000,Recommended,394230,32762013,Posted: 25 June,all,G!,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGmongIJFy4&list=PL4B78DE14896D5031&index=29beter then overwatch and tf2
76561197970604668,Recommended,394230,23388664,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Teebor,"It is a shame that this game has been overshadowed by poor marketing and a certain other game.At it's heart it is a bright, sometimes funny and often entertaining game that is best played with a group of friends in either co-op mission mode or versus modes in a typically MOBA like game where you have to get the minions to ""towers"", a capture point mode, or a sentinel mode where you have to take down a smaller ""boss"" before proceeding on to the enemy teams final ""boss"" complete with minions in the mix.The game has a lovely animation style for its cutscenes which I feel helps to set it apart from other games, unfortunately it does need more of them.More is also the word that I feel describes this game overall, it needs more missions, more Vs maps and modes, and more characters.  All of which are on the way but maybe not at a fast enough pace to keep the player base interested.The game does suffer from a few issues relating to framerate on some machines but nothing that I have experienced.I do enjoy the game and I would recommend buying it, especially now that the price is 40% off, but I would say play it with friends in any game mode to get the best experience"
76561197999476126,Recommended,394230,24146783,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Quarhedron,"Great game, i find it extremely enjoyable. I've bought both the Overwatch and Battleborn. Both are great games, but i get tired of playing Overwatch way too fast, it requires a lot more effort to play well and too fast for me. Howewer, Battleborn has a bit slower pace and that fits my playstyle well, so i found myself playing Battleborn a lot more frequently than Overwatch. I must repeat after many other peaople that actually played the game - Battleborn and Overwatch is not even nearly the same and they cannot be compared in gameplay. Howewer, technically they can be compared. Overwatch cons is: toxic community, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 50% winrate matchmaking, oneshots everywhere, only playable for 1-2h/day for me - i get tired fast (not 'cos it's bad, but 'cos its fast), rock-paper-scissors-designed characters, one countering another, no singleplayer at all. Battleborn cons is: low playerbase (finding a match is a trouble), unbalanced matchmaking (but it's ok, 'cos with the playerbase this low, a really balanced matches could take eons to find), low perfomance on AMD-based systems (and overally, the perfomance is lower that that of Overwatch). I hope this information will help you a bit to decide, which game do you prefer. My choice is Battleborn."
,Recommended,394230,25624933,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,LostCiv,9/10 People complain about it being an Overwatch clone but they have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue about what they are talking about
76561198049950833,Recommended,394230,23154593,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lucien Midnight,"This game is just pure fun. It's actually a deep game, just like other MOBAs and competitive games, it needs time to develop. Right now, as with any new game, the player base varies greatly in skill, which is why we see some negative reviews about unfair matchmaking, difficulty complaints, etc. Their matchmaking system is logical (developer has explained how it funcitons from a high-level POV) and I think that with a large enough player base, the PvP mode can go far.Having played Mass Effect 3 multiplayer A LOT, as well as all previous Borderlands games, I can say that the PvE modes in this game are blanced relatively well, and look forward to Gear Box's almost certain addition of higher difficulty levels and content in the future.For some good Borderland's-esque humour and some refreshingly fun competitive gameplay, pick up this game."
,Recommended,394230,23152739,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,iPe,When the game was in open beta I decided to give it a try. After a few matches I preordered the game and I haven't had doubts about it afterwards.
76561197977472380,Not Recommended,394230,23775150,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Psyme,Liked it when it came out but after coming back once the bad framerates were fixed the multiplayer is just unbalanced and not fun. Love getting a team off all lvl 20-30's fighting a full team of lvl 100's.
76561198100524165,Recommended,394230,23671337,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,megaempeier,i love the game but a in game shop with real money in a game fo wich i payed isn´t fair or customer friendly
76561198058649994,Recommended,394230,23176540,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Cyriac,"Most of the problems people have with the game are not common. I have played the game quite a lot and have never seen a single hacker. The matchmaking is not terrible, and even at 1 in the morning i find a game pretty quickly. I play on a decent laptop and have no lag problems. the fact is that gearbox is constantly updating this game. Their was an exploit in the incursion gamemode that allowed the snipers to hit sentries from across the map. They have since edited the map to prevent that, and it nerfed the OP snipers. The game will only get better from here on."
,Recommended,394230,22791691,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Garmonbozia Danny,"Great game, if you enjoy the likes of Borderlands or Monday Night Combat, you should check this one out."
76561197983066361,Not Recommended,394230,28711937,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jtilley,"Man, this game sucks big time. It's touted as being similar to Borderlands. I was expecting an adventure/action game in the vein of borderlands. Instead got this lame♥♥♥♥♥game where you have what appears to be up to 30 characters you can change between in each scene for no apparent reason. There's no skill involved like Borderlands, because you can't just be tactical as you are pretty much being swarmed all the time.If you enjoy mindless shooting games (where you can't even pay attention to the dialog as you're too busy trying not to die). First time in my Steam life that I've requested a refund.Oh and on a side note, for some reason they decided to launch the game in default of 640x480 which resulted in a really crappy visual until I could get in and change the settings."
76561198139640006,Recommended,394230,26005914,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Srotack,PRO TIP:dont play on a laptopunless ur laptop wants an anerismother wise is good
76561198239623230,Not Recommended,394230,26201468,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ultgamerCW,Im sad to give this game a bad score but it's so laggy and unplayable on my pc. I got the game after loveing it whilst playing on a friends console. The port has been done badly. it isn't my pc because I can run most games with no problams. If the game is fixed then I will change this score.EditOk so the game is free now and I have't got a refund what a shame.
,Recommended,394230,22816629,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[DSC] Polar tUD,"It feels like borderlands with a leveling system too but only 10 lvs with the helix tree and you what charaters to play? 25 at start and 5 more on the way for FREE!!!! yeah FREE DLC only thing season pass gets you is champagin storys ( since I heavily do that I'll have the pass )skins, and taunts. It also has a moba style gameplay in Multiplayer but much more fast pace..... I'd give it 7.5/10 For some crashes, the gear not be able to be used till commander rank 3 (even though it is easy to get too ) , certain charaters not feeling full balanced, and my fingers and thunb from playing this sooo damn much!!! :D :D :D"
,Recommended,394230,22990900,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,one of gods monsters,just get it
76561198074928212,Recommended,394230,23315059,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,UberEng,"While matchmaking takes forever sometimes, every time I play I have a ton of fun."
76561198000256763,Recommended,394230,23259725,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,abvolt,"This game is simply awesome Gearbox has a genius for hybridizing genres when on-form. Take Borderlands as an example. It might have been the cel-shaded carnage and left-field sense of humour that first hooked you, but the clever mash-up of FPS and Diablo-style dungeon crawler elements was what kept you coming back for months on end. Battleborn, then, might not be quite as crazy as it sounds. Part team-based shooter, part co-op blaster, part MOBA. It takes a mix and match approach to genres then splashes on a Borderlands aesthetic with gags to match. What’s not to love? You need to give this one a try.."
,Recommended,394230,26046492,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ST PAN,"If not for the poor advertising and the insufferable comparisons to Blizzard's Overwatch, this game would be great. If you have a friend to play through the campaign with I highly recommend this game. If you are buying this game alone, you will have to wait in long queue times, fight players who have played a lot more than you, and recieve a lot of hate from anyone who has purchased overwatch. But if you can get past these problems, if you can make it through these tribulations, you will have an amazing game, and a few close friends."
76561198057451749,Recommended,394230,22847330,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Snatchymon,"Battleborn is a very good game however I belive that many people should wait and see how the devs deal with the game as it has a decent amount of problems, mainly these problems consist of ai bugs in the single player cousing an enemy to not emerge from their spawn for a short while, and those in South America cannot switch servers leading to some not being able to play vs mode in those areas. Although if you look past the bugs and glitches you get a very solid game, while the single player isnt Borderlands level amazing its not bad mostly serving as coop defense mode, however the vs modes are amazing with a perfict mix of fps shooter and moba. All characters play differently and are very unique to eachother, every character having different mechanics and weopons, with there helix alowing every character to bend more towards the players playstyle. Overall with all of this amazing stuff in the game its still mabye a little overpriced with dlc on the way, I would personally wait for a sale or some good content updates."
76561198031721783,Recommended,394230,22848490,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nebulus,"Beautiful game! Perhaps not worth the current price, but this game has molded the FPS and MOBA nicely. Also, the GearBox humor is amazing."
,Not Recommended,394230,27055516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bumprt,ohhhhh this is bad
,Recommended,394230,23560758,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Eterni,"Battleborn is a good game released at a bad time. It released at a time with a fluid of first person MOBA's came out the biggest Overwatch. The week of Battleborn's launch was the week of Overwatch's Beta which had over 9,7 million users playing. The internet was already raving about Overwatch due to Blizzards marketing even before the beta, after the beta forums and blogs were just completely overwatch. Pushing Battleborn under the rug, the only people really fallowing it devotedly was fans of other of the makers games such as borderlands. But lets focus on the game itself now...Battleborn fallowed in the same footsteps as borderlands with its cartoony art style (which I like very much) over the top action and sense of humor. The characters were over-all delightful but lack any real depth to them. You don't really build any type of feeling or relationship with them, so there's no connection. As such you never fully feel immersed in the world, which is a real downer. They focus heavy on the multiplayer aspect of the game which frankly I found to be the least fun part of it. They only have a few levels with 3 or so modes, switch characters is the only way to make it feel fresh but even that gets old after awhile. The real fun of Battleborn was in its co-op story mode which unfortunately is also lacking. There are only about 7 missions (although I'm sure more will come via DLC but lets focus on the main game itself) and you'll find yourself protecting and guarding things very often. The best parts are in between those areas, and the boss fights. They also have different difficulties to keep things fresh, and the reply value is high. Trying different team set ups, and making your way through missions together you grow a bond between players much more than you get with online mode where 1 out of 3 teams you join will just try to get kills and ignore the goal. Its due to the co-op story mode that I recommend this game, its charming, silly and has a very uqinge story to it, the only down side is the lack of a story mode when this was the best part of the game.Pros:• Co-op Story Mode• Fun and entertaining Characters• High Reply Value• Good for both the Causal gamer and more hardcore one• One of the best Intros/ending cut-scenes seen in a game• Lots of dialogue, it even changes sometimes when replying a level or playing as a different character keeping things fresh• Interesting Level Up system, really makes you able to custom a character to your play style• Lots of Loot to go through• Lots of achievements to get for each character• UnlockablesCons• Lacking in Story Mode length• Lacking in Multiplayer options• Lacking in depth/background story/character development for its ""Battleborns""• Even once you do everything your felt wanting and not in a good wayIn short:Its a good game. Its not great, it wont blow you away but its solid and plays good,and fun. Its worth getting but I'd wait into the price drops or it goes on sale.UPDATE:This game is now free to play. Although it has NO PLAYER base, it takes forever to find a game. Its a dead game."
76561198084215451,Recommended,394230,23561212,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,eikenb,Incredibly fun game with much more character variety than borderlands or overwatch. Multi-player story mode is very fun and I'm looking forward to extended content on that front.
,Recommended,394230,22802891,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,123,very solid game. avid LOL player along with console FPS'. Its a great mix between everything i like! one of the few games where i like every single character as well
76561198006566726,Recommended,394230,22802425,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Zahni,'s good
76561198026104615,Recommended,394230,23256888,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,shiftygemini,"**********************I recommend this game if you can get it for $35 on sale (or cheaper)***********************************I have Battleborn for my XBox One, & for PC so I'll try to compare the two as well. First off I give this game a 7/10. The Campaign is sparce in story & each level is linear. However each level is grindy & challenging solo. Group play is adjusted, but slightly easier. The MOBA aspect of the game is cool, but in 1st person view can be very annoying when thinking of Battleborn as a true ""MOBA"" - rather, its a FPS with MOBA-like elements. Each of the characters are unique & fun. However, you need to unlock the characters as you progress through the story or gain achievements/unlocks by gameplay. Currently I have 21 playable characters.The game has unlocks much like Hearthstone from Blizzard. You unlock items that you can equip (3 items total) in a ""loadout"" for gameplay. The items range from grey (common/lame) green (uncommon/semi-lame) blue (rare/good boost) and purple (epic/great boosts). You can get these items from replaying levels, PvP, or buying ""packs"" off of the online store - list like Hearthstone and/or other MOBA / RPG - esque games. This gives a ""reason"" for the regrinding of levels. Each character also gains levels, so you level up the characters you like. The development team has already stated they're working on releasing more free content/levels/characters, with priority going to season subscribers which is the standard model at this point. So expect to see some new levels and balancing. However, don't expect to see sweet new gear & skinz for your character unless you buy packs or get a season pass.PROS:1. Good PvP and group PvP synergy2. The story is difficult enough in solo to keep you engaged3. Replaying through the campaign with friends or public players ups replay value4. Grinding up character levels & loot gives new reason to revisit levels5. The commentary & crap talk from characters & badguys is humorous & not rehashed6. Plenty of characters with completely different skills keeps the game refreshing7. More free competitive maps and characters are coming, so if you like PvP you will be taken care of8. The PC community seems small but way better (imo) than on xbox live. Less trolls, better playersCONS:1. Those expecting rich in detail story & content will be dissapointed. This is NOT borderlands.2. Even with cartoon style graphics, high settings & shading will require a decent graphics card. No intel HD scrubs.3. You have to be logged into their servers for EVERYTHING, even to play solo player campaign mode - which is stupid4. Your internet connection will determine if you're enjoying your gameplay or want to go on a violent RL rampage5. Your internet connection will effect your solo campaign gameplay6. The game seems about 75%ish finished, with the last 25%+ content being released in the future or with season pass7. The levels are linear without alternate routes, making it very boring fast if you're a solo player without friends or willing to play with public players8. Free loot packs requires an arbitrary secondary ""sHIFT"" account to redeem codes, which is strange/ confusing to some9. Some characters need serious balancing to use solo play. You WILL get destroyed playing solo with some. However, once you play in group play, those characters really shine & bring synergy. Don't expect every toon to be solo playable10. $59.99 is way too much for what it came with at launch. Get it on sale while its $35 & wait till more content comes out if you're a strategic/cautious buyer."
,Recommended,394230,23177555,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Skjegold,"The only real issue for me is that there's not enough people playing this, there are some things that must be adressed but it is so much damn fun"
,Recommended,394230,22969643,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Redey59,"There's a certain glory to becoming a giant, red glowing machine of destruction."
,Recommended,394230,24988907,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,MopeyMonkey,"I like this, there's just not many people to play with."
,Recommended,394230,25923241,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ytem,"Fun characters, each with their own story, something for every type of player.Nice game modes, all involving a certain amount of tactics.No complaints on the gameplay, just be smart about who you pick fights with.Enought unlockables and customisation options.The underdog that deserves a bigger playerbase."
,Recommended,394230,29402030,Posted: 21 January,all,thot-slayer gut,"it's fun solo, multiplayer is lacking though."
,Recommended,394230,31634105,Posted: 8 May,all,DreamsRPGs,"Very fun, and love the co-op play. The characters are interesting and fun to learn. The maps are well put together and designed. Really enjoy this one!  XD"
76561198062626317,Recommended,394230,22879752,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Impis [ENG],Such a fantastic and fun game at times it can get annoying when a galilea kills you since she is the most OP character so far or when marquie snipes your incurrsion sentry from his base (that doesn't happen all the time) but if you can look beyond that then this is by far a fun and enjoyable game to play.
76561198070310526,Recommended,394230,30545724,Posted: 16 March,all,KingSeagal,"Sometimes you do everything right and you lose... Great game, but obviously it was not enough to create and keep a fanbase. The work that was put in this game is considerable, so I hope in the future it may receive the love it deserves... until then..."
,Recommended,394230,27721183,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kothnaaken,this isnt a clone of overwatch you ♥♥♥♥ing imbeciles
76561198106762162,Recommended,394230,26143896,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ItsDanorz,One of the best games i've played in 2k16.I don't understand why he is dying game.If you like this game dont refund it for lack of players.By doing this you will help the game to grow.
76561197976090763,Recommended,394230,32281049,Posted: 8 June,all,Kakashi (Brazz),This is a MOBA FPS watch your enemy lvl and yours or your gana DIE KID !!Fun and kool
76561198067139892,Recommended,394230,28948065,Posted: 2 January,all,Firas,"This game is really fun to play. The characters are diverse, interesting and funny. The story as well.It's a shame though, that overwatch greatly drowned it out with its marketing and hype. And I'm not sure if I lucked out, but the when I've been playing  against players, the wait time wasn't as horrible as many claimed."
,Not Recommended,394230,26078400,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Morning Suicide,"Ok. Disclaimer: I really ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. I really do. But every single marketing decision is just a load of bull. This whole pre-puchaise -> discount, season-pass, ""free"" battleborn - Horse crap. No ♥♥♥♥ing wonder nobody plays it. Publisher decided to ruin the game -> he can do whatever he wants. Not paying a cent more then the pre-purchase price (which I also regret buying since it got discounted 40% 2 ♥♥♥♥ing week after). ♥♥♥♥ 2k. ♥♥♥♥ my life."
,Recommended,394230,32910772,Posted: 27 June,all,Road to 1k,worth it when free to play although i payed for it :(
,Recommended,394230,22803002,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sneakyjunkpunch,Over all i do enjoy this game! there are a few glitches that i just cant stand short of that the game is very fun. down side to this game is that i cant see it have a lasting market value because its too clunky to play long term i couldnt see my self playing this every day like i do other moba games. some of the hero modles are just way to big (montana) and if you have team members around you you cant move and they get you killed. (easy fix make it so we can move through our team members) other then a few minor bugs that can be fixed the game is overall fun!
76561198002545933,Not Recommended,394230,28497567,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bob The Truck Driver,"So I played this liked it, played overwatch and was like WOW, came back to this and didn't like it at all. Apparently they decided to make a lot of the characters less interesting for balancing purposes. Would have been better if they focused PvE instead of PvP."
,Not Recommended,394230,27889196,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,•Hack\\ ♍,"Horrible if your an Aussie looking for MPWhat started to be a promising game turned into a huge failure, monthes later still same bugs that were there since the start (with no sign of devs making promising changes soon).Stick with any other rts\fps just dont waste your time on this better yet go here if you wish to waste timehttp://minesweeperonline.com/DLC that is complete rubbish and folllows the CoD series well with nothing but bs skins, there is also charcters but lets be realistic when someone buys DLC they expect decent content, not half crap put together by the ""special division"" of Gearbox."
,Not Recommended,394230,28995160,Posted: 3 January,all,Kerchoo,"Real short and quick, enemies spawn in walls, loot is going to require you to sell a lot of what you get, ""Digital Deluxe"" doesn't provide all of the DLC (ex: Attickus and the Thrall Rebellion), Community is dead, and ultimatly the only reason to keep this game in your library is because you can't return it due to the fact that you passed the return timer."
,Recommended,394230,24926189,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,CrownedClown,Only downside ive had with this game is the low player base. it makes it difficult to find games to play online. If they can boost the player base in a good way that would be great.
76561198078132118,Recommended,394230,25686093,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,AdamCross,"This Game is great. Like the Borderlands Games it is pure fun and art made by 2K. Sadly it aired almost the same time as Overwatch ( I play it too it is great, but Battleborn has so much more depth and possibilities of charakter progression and customizing)The Idea is MOBA-esque like and you have the Borderlands known shooting way of playing, one of the best blends in this kind of gerne.All the People simply saying it is an Overwatch clone, listen: this game was announced long before Overwatch has been.Grab it when it is on sale if you are sceptic. But i tell you this Game is great, and as soon as there are more people playing it matchmaking is going to be less COD- Cancer and more Teamplay again so it will be great.Props to 2K and all involved for still giving support even the community is shrinking.THIS GAME IS JUST AWESOME!"
76561198225823184,Recommended,394230,25637766,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Bend_Over_67,this game is pretty good. just cant find a match to play more of it...
76561198025273944,Recommended,394230,28360514,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Slinkington,"Unskipable, fairly lengthy cinematic sequences are a major turn off for me, especially when you're trying to change the graphical settings and ahve to sit through the intro for the 2nd time. Unfortunatley I couldn't sit through it, so it stopped me from continuing with the game past the first level - This is really unfrotaunate as all it needed was a simple skip button. From what I experienced from teh game it was well made and actually pretty enjoyable. The soudntrack is fantastic, too. I was sat waiting for an online match to start for way too long on the two seperate ocasions that I tried waiting for a game, so I didn't get to experienced the online. All I can say is be preapred to wait a while for a match."
,Recommended,394230,26114243,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Braudant,"Fast paced, limited button smasher, aim-click, and cross your fingers. Fun game if you like that style. The story line is pretty awesome! PVP hard to understand the objectives."
76561198140419126,Recommended,394230,26270615,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The Joker,"Its an overal great game, that has an awesome story and pretty good multiplayer, its compared to Overwatch tto much because they are similar, but in really they are nothing alike, thisis a story game and overwatch is a multiplayer game, play this for the story people, its great"
,Recommended,394230,28335288,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ian_Vice,"The game is honestly very good, it can be hard to get into at the start but its a fun game. Hopefully more people play it in the future"
,Recommended,394230,31392203,Posted: 27 April,all,NOKUDACHI,"everything are well design and gameplay but  not a single multiplayer matchups was found :""(recommend for anyone if people are playing with close friends"
76561198001593552,Not Recommended,394230,23231842,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,GoldLick,"DON NOT BUY THIS GAME NOW.steam summersale is just around the corner, there will the price probably be like 99% off.Two/Three weeks after release, they put the game on sale at 40% off the price!that is not okay, not sure if other titles have done the same, I want atleast 40% of my money back.The game isn't even optimized yet, alot of bugs you wont even see because the screen is full of laggy explosions and over the top effects. netcode is not every good yet aswell. (its laggy).  and ofcause unblanced gameplay."
76561198007947984,Not Recommended,394230,22806678,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Varivox,"Evolve: 2.0No recommendation here, I get the feeling this is just going to follow the success model of Evolve. High initial sales followed by mass exodus a week later.Let's start with the good:Charm. Think Borderlands atmosphere and characters. Some amusing, interesting characters.Relatively few bugs (in MP anyway). Haven't crashed, haven't glitched into the floor, etc. Relatively polished here.The first 3 hours. Had I written my review in <3 hours of game time, I'd have recommended this game no problem! That ""new car smell"" is wonderful... till it wears off and it wears off fast...Characters. Some interesting skills and classes. Helix (leveling system) is interesting(ish) as a whole, the ""system"" is interesting, just not the implementation of it.And now the bad:Level design/quantity. So, Do you like MP? Do you like only 6 maps that feel way too small and super repetative?! Then BB is for you! Seriously, I'm already tired of the levels. 3 MP modes (capture, MOBA, and sacrifice) each with 2 maps specific to the mode. 9/10 you'll play the ""popular"" map (everyone get's to vote, so people often vote for the same map over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. I've played Capture mode the most and I feel safe saying that I've played the same map probably 90% of the time. It's really boring.Bugs (in singleplayer). So, I have 0 technical issues in MP mode, but SP mode is far less polished. Enemy spawns don't work most of the time and fail to let the last guy in the wave spawn, so you sit there for 3-4 minutes doing nothing. Performance wise, My PC has no problems in MP (dip to MAYBE 55fps) but it often just freezes completely in SP for 3-5 seconds.Singleplayer (overall). Remember how everyone loved that in Destiny every encounter was the same thing? And how every objective was ""kill the wave, now kill the other wave, now that wave!"". Neither do I. That's all you do here as far as I've seen. Kill wave, kill another wave, kill boss that is indistinguishable from all the other bosses (and seem to really just be a normal minion with more HP). F*** SP mode.Balance. So, not surprisingly there are balance issues, but there are just characters you never see or characters you ALWAYS see (Rath, never had a match without 2 rath in it).Progression. So the game has ~25 heroes and the majority of them are locked away behind objectives you don't want to complete (want to play as benedict?! Well play a bunch with some characters you hate to play as cuz **** you that's why!). In Story mode that might make sense, but in MP mode, not so much. Balance is an issue and some people have unlocked just plain better characters. You can unlock characters through specific quests OR by just grinding a lot and reaching the arbitrary account level to unlock the character.Leveling (helix). Pretty bland/boring. You level up in game and get to choose from (normally) 2 options. Do you want your skill to have a longer range or a lower CD kinda thing. The issue I have is that these ""upgrades"" are really boring. Most are just passives that don't change the skill or just add a flat %bonus. You level up but you have the same skills for 30  minutes and it doesn't really feel as though your leveling is ""unique"" your just ""every Montana ever"".MP (teams vs pugs and MM in general). The majority of my games have pre-mades in them, which would be fine if I wasn't a pugger. To make matters worse, many games just match you on crazy odds. You'll be paired, as a pug, with level 2,3,4,5 players all the time and against entire teams of level 15+. If it didn't happen so much, I'd be willing to look past it, but way too many of my games have been won or lost before the map has even been selected.Visual Vomit. Everything seems to have an over the top animation. Most of the time I'm in a fight, I can't tell what's going on. Rath spins his blades around but, even if he's on my team he's a hinderance to me. I can't tell what I am/am not shooting at half the time. I try to heal someone and can't tell who I'm healing, I try to shoot minions but they all look the same and I end up just spraying randomly. Sometimes, less is more and that is a lesson BB forgot.Overall:This is a game I want to like, I want to recommend it, and I want to like it. The core idea is great, but it has gotten really old really fast. I want this game to be successful, but if I had to place a bet, I'd bet on this being ""Evolve 2.0"". I really wish I had gotten a refund..."
,Recommended,394230,22771319,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sydenham,Fun game.More fun then any other MOBA or FPS around imo.
,Not Recommended,394230,23912235,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,water,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3at_Ev2kOoIIt's dead, Jim."
,Not Recommended,394230,23056538,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Thirdrail,"I would wait. Two to six months from now, this game will either be dead from lack of players and/or not being Overwatch, or barely surviving because Gearbox came to their senses and made it free to play. Either way, you're better off waiting. It's not a bad game, but it's not a particularly good game either. The character designs range from interesting to idiotic, but all of them are utterly uninspired in terms of functionality, the combat is flat and two dimensional compared to any game with a decent map designer, and it needs *at least* four times as many multiplayer maps as it has currently to even reach the minimum variety requirements of a shooter. Are you the parent of someone who worked on Battleborn? If the answer is no, then I promise you, there is nothing here you need to rush to see.The Hero Shooter/MOBA Shooter is going to be a wildly oversaturated genre by the end of 2016, and Battleborn is not going to be one of the winners of the inevitable battle royale that will ensue. Not with a $60 price tag, and not in anything like its current state.*** If you find this review short, or less than comprehensive, it's because of my continuing efforts to refine game reviews for the modern era. As gamers, we need to move forward. Imagine if every time a movie critic reviewed a romantic comedy, they started by explaining what a romantic comedy was in the first place. It would be both moronic and excruciating. Yet, that's exactly how most video game reviews are still written.My goal is to only tell you the things you might not know already, or to offer a perspective you might not have considered. In a world saturated with screenshots and let's play videos you don't need me, or anyone else, to explain Battleborn (or any game) from the ground up. No more than you need someone to explain what a science fiction movie is before you watch Star Wars."
76561198015713460,Not Recommended,394230,22882695,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Moose,"6/10The games itself isn't bad, kinda fun to pass the time with but as usual its another game released with bugs galore. Less than 1 week after release..1 of them is pretty game breaking in that you can't even connect to the thing in the first place, I've only been playing for a few days and already had 2 days where I simply cant even start my game because of so called Internal server errors.. On top of that they tell you to check your network connection.. Well how the F did I start the game on Steam if the problems at my end?Another bug means you can't see which characters you haven't unlocked also meaning you can't see what any of the unlock requirements are.When you finally get connected and start a game, every time you start at the character selection screen, then you have to sit and wait while it introduces each character you've just been looking at, then another splash screen....The first time I played, we worked our way through a mission, got the spider bot escorted to its ship only to have it bug out and walk around in circles and not complete the match.Player collision, what a♥♥♥♥♥♥of an idea when you have characters that almost fill entire corridors and even worse when they're melee, which means if your ranged you can't even hit your target.Depending on how fast they fix the bugs I may change this to recommended but in the state it's in I would wait for Overwatch."
76561198006920950,Not Recommended,394230,22828230,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,{dArKnEsS},"I bought this game expecting great things, and from the pure looks of things and the mechanics this game has great potential.  I did however request a refund and received it.  I had the most horrible time with mouse lag.  I have had mouse lag issues with past 2k games but there were .ini tweaks to fix it.  I scoured the internet and everything I found to tweak did not work.  I really hope 2k will start addressing this issue more in future games.  I would repurchase this game if they would fix this issue."
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,394230,22832786,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Darkside99x,"Its like they made a game out of the worst type of borderlands missions where u have to kill the same enemy with the same weapon repeatedly for about 45 minutes without variation.There is comedy to the game but it doesnt make up for the boredom from waveslaying.Also there is a time limit which keeps running even when the game is paused due to being  server based even solo, had most of a stage done and had to leave for a while and came back to mission failed. while paused.I have currently only played solo and  from some of the posts ive read from online players that is unlikely to change.Not for me."
76561198066116756,Not Recommended,394230,22855049,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,CaptainBeeftits,"This game is the Good the Bad and the Ugly.The Good~Beautiful art nice animations interesting likeable heroes.The Bad~Repetitive levels next to no immagination, little customization you never really feel like your specializing op skills and skill tree choices are basically it with some fluff 3 items to augment your guy in what feels like to me very unmeaningful ways. LONG que times- I'm sure this will be straightened out post haste but still makes pvp very unenjoyable. Poor next to no actual match making and poor net code. The grind to get gear and unlock characters feels very bleh too me at least.The Ugly~This game has a full AAA game price tag absolutely undeservedly. This is sub B Film level game With AAA character models and animations. I love Gearbox,2k Games, all the Borderlands games. So it kinda breaks my heart to write this review i gotta give it a thumbs up for art but 10 thumbs down for just all the bad thats going on in the game 8(."
76561198042319792,Recommended,394230,22782285,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Choochu,You can kill people as a penguin. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,394230,23235777,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Coup,The game is an unbalanced mess right now. I really don't recommend this game to anyone who doesn't enjoy a parasitic monetization model with the season pass with new (overpowered!) characters.
,Not Recommended,394230,23133392,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Moo,"I'll keep it short and sweetPros:-Expansive character list with a lot of different ways to play the game.-PvE missions are chock full of big fights, power-ups, and that good ol' Borderlands humor.-Being able to choose your upgrades on the go allows for you to try different things.-Big, open PvP and PvE areas with interesting designs.-XP leveling system and loot grind to keep you playing longer.Cons:-The game feels very rushed and just doesn't have that much content. PvE story mode can be completed within 4-5 hours.-Speaking of story, there really isn't one. Most of the time, it just jumps from one segment to the next without really explaining why a character did this and why what we're doing is important.-Lackluster final boss just rehashes every previous boss into one encounter.-PvP only has three game modes and only two maps, so it can get pretty stale.-Some missions were just not designed with melee classes in mind.-Lore challenges are very situational and sometimes dependent on what classes other people play. They also force you to play less effectively in order to complete specific requirements.-The loot system isn't anything like we'd expect from the team who created Borderlands. They're just tokens that provide minor stat boosts and don't do anything unique.-A few characters are downright broken in PvP.-Challenges in PvE become downright impossible to complete most of the time to due lack of enemy spawns or lack of a target objective.All in all, a pretty shallow experience for $60. It was pretty fun for the first 5-6 hours when the experience is fresh, but that feeling quickly wears off once you realize there isn't much left to do."
,Recommended,394230,22839087,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,The,eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh it's ok now♥♥♥♥♥♥off lad
,Not Recommended,394230,23440946,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,avil,"Not yet. I looked into the game from streams and I liked it a lot.But when I got it I realised that without a bunch of .ini tweaks I can't even run it on decent framerate. Even after tweaks it still drops heavely on some maps. And ""second"" map of every pvp map in it. I think it's one of problems why noone ever plays that maps. Also crazy amount of effects makes it very hard to see opponents, especially in melee.So you basically stuck with only one map in every mode. Most of the people plays in ""Sentinel defence"" mode, but I don't quite understand why. There is just one lane, without much of ability to flank or attack the base from another side, sniper positions are too safe. You basically have to wipe a whole enemy team before you can touch the Sentinel. I prefer ""meltdown"" mode, where you need to push your minions to enemy grinder on two separate lanes. Never even played in 3rd one, it's just basic capture and defend the points, without any other objectives.I don't very into pve, so I didn't play a story mode much. Yet choice of missions is too small, it's just 8 quests (quite fun, tho).People say this game is too complex, that's what pushes people away. But I don't think so. It's just performance, lack of variety in modes... and region lock. For now it makes matchmaking too long to wait. I'm not sure if I regret buying this game. If I do, it mostly because I got it in full price. I really wish a good well to devs and have power to fix all that stuff. I didn't play PvP shooters in a long time, and this one really catched me. Please, Devs, do the thing, don't throw it away!"
76561198135283244,Recommended,394230,25446234,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Senpai.notices.you,"I love this game, if it isn't obvious from the 500+ hours I've put into it so far.  The character lore-unlocking is super fun, and I love the writing of the coop story dialogue, the stuff the characters say to each other while in pvp, the way the character abilities work, all the different game modes, and just the voice-acting in general makes the game a fun play.I realize that the player base is low, and that makes for long wait-times, and often it makes for one-sided pvp matches that have high levels on one side and low levels on another, but I think that's mostly due to a poor choice of release time. (I hope whoever is responsible for that is still getting flayed, repeatedly put in a trash compactor, etc etc. Looking at you 2k >.< )Anyways, I'd give this a shot if you have the chance, and if you need someone to do story with or whatever, send me an add!  Its definitely more fun with friends, like most games =)"
,Not Recommended,394230,22879819,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Hoondarrh,"I can define as a weak game.Looks like still in beta, unbalanced, incomplete.Matchmaking system sucks, takes so long and almost always I must play it solo.Story mode takes 30m~1h to complete.If you want to buy only based on graphics and humor, don't do it!For those who are in doubt about Battleborn and Overwatch: Overwatch wins!"
,Not Recommended,394230,24126957,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OGSuperSand,Terribly optimized and honestly just boring. I can run Overwatch on medium settings on my PC but struggle to run this game on low. What??
76561198088447039,Recommended,394230,29368363,Posted: 19 January,all,Yubel,THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GOOD WHY U NO PLAY??!!!  DAM SON !!
76561197994993426,Not Recommended,394230,24197954,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Negroman X,If you want a fun game pick up Overwatch. If you want to beat your head against a wall till its bloody so you never make dumb purchases again then get Battleborn.
,Not Recommended,394230,23918309,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Commander Corksucker,"Got into the beta and felt this game was good. However, after playing a few hours, I got insanely bored with it. The low playerbase just makes it worse. This showed great potential, and has a cool story, but it sadly lost my interest after a short amount of time. And I don't wanna play a game, that I have to force myself to like."
,Recommended,394230,23383279,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,"Robopope, The Robot Pope","Tl;Dr You should get this game. It's great fun, the story campaign works really well and the multiplayer is really enjoyable even if you don't like MOBA's.Pros:Fully fleshed-out, storied campaign that can be played singleplayer with no need to friendly Ai bots.Hilarious dialogue, especially from characters like ISIC.Varied characters and gameplay.It's damn pretty.Multiplayer has perfect netcode and plays really well with 3 different modes that have all been well thought out. It's sort-of like a MOBA in one mode, like TF2 in another and something completely new in the third. Even as someone who has never enjoyed MOBA's despite really trying to, I really enjoy the multiplayer.Lore and Cosmetic unlocks.Well balanced characters.Cons:Could really use some more multiplayer maps.Matchmaking can sometimes be slow to connect.No punishment for players who quit multiplayer versus games early."
76561198172142179,Not Recommended,394230,23776241,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kzeegamer,"The game is no that bad but the fact is,Overwatch lets you use all of that characters straight away in this you have lvl up to get the characters."
,Not Recommended,394230,28600801,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Chdata,"Forget trying this game out. It lags horribly on minimum settings at any screen resolution.I can't even try it out. At least Borderlands can run without FPS problems.But either way, there was no way I would have tried it if it weren't for the $15 sale.$60-$75 is absolutely insane for a game with an empty community and all of the negative reviews I've heard about it.Comparatively, Overwatch's $40 price tag was nothing for a game full of community and positive feedback.Or Team Fortress 2, which is free.Paladins is bad, and their community is just as white knight as this game's, but at least its community seems bigger."
76561198143905821,Not Recommended,394230,24991161,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,RedShadowFox,"Buy Overwatch. 10X better game, and without the crappy matchmaking."
76561197981406770,Recommended,394230,22828308,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,cRuNCHbERRIES,"Only played 4 games. Lost 2, won 2.9/10 would play again."
,Not Recommended,394230,22909872,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Smithel,"This game is ""okay"".  The problem is that after 4 hours I feel like I've seen all I need to see, which isn't good.  I'll still pick it up from time to time for some quick pvp games or such, but in reality there isn't a huge urge for me to continue to progress further into the game.This game tries to do everything l, but fails to master any of them. It isn't a great moba, and it isn't a great FPS.  I feel like if they would have limited the initial characters at launch to about 15 and spent more time refining some mechanics it would help.  This game has some potential and hopefully with the dlc and future releases they improve upon it, but right now it is just a ""filler"" game for me between darksouls runs and while waiting for overwatch (which is a 100% different type of game, but just using it as an example of a solid game that focuses on one aspect and does it correctly).My opinion would be to possibly wait for a price cut in the ccoming weeks then pick it up, because again so far it is okay but leaves a lot to be desired.6/10"
,Recommended,394230,23090089,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Varkil,"I couldn't help but notice that most of the negative reviews are complaining about match making. While i have had my fair share of bad experiences with the match making system, I've also had plenty of well-balanced teams. The issues with the match making system will no doubt be solved in time, so it's far too early to judge this game solely on that point. This is a great game and I definitely recommend it. It's still a new game so if you can't handle bugs and balancing issues then by all means, wait a while before you decide whether or not to buy it."
,Not Recommended,394230,26034200,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,killjoy131,"It, plain and simple, is not fun. I don't get any sense of excitement or rush. Perhaps it's the voice acting, perhaps it's the animation that weirdly shifts between artstyles when in gameplay and cutscenes. This has worked for many games before, but somehow just doesn't here.Perhaps it's the story; we're thrown into the midst of a fight, prophesised many years ago, etc etc etc. But even that doesn't feel interesting at all. The voicing may have had something to do with that.I do admit to some bias; I was expecting a little bit of Borderlands here. It definitely is not. Truth be told, I can't quite put my finger on it. It has the simplicity of Overwatch's basic skillsets for every character, but the actual skills themselves don't feel like they have enough impact. At the same time, it has a leveling system reminiscent of Blizzard's Heroes of the Storm. Obviously they were going for a game that's easy to play here. But I can't find any depth to it, and I couldn't enjoy it."
76561198088501185,Recommended,394230,23122651,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,nikidukes,one of my new favorite gamesrecommend to anybody who enjoys that borderlands style of humor
76561197962074003,Recommended,394230,22820101,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Fadden,tons of fun. like a borderlands moba with an interesting single player story as well.
,Not Recommended,394230,23328758,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Leeroy,"Not worth it IMO, the game is good don't get me wrong but its just frustrating. Its a lot like Evolve or League of Legends in the sense that if you're rolling with a good team then its a fun experience, but when you're playing with randoms its infuriating.Battleborn is a team based game and a lengthy one at that. So when you que up for a game you're investing somewhere between 30 - 40 minutes of your day to that one match.My main gripes with the game so far for the most part are no fault of the game of its own but at the same time something that will cause you to have a bad experience.#1 Typical FPS community in a non traditional FPS gameAs I mentioned the game is a lengthy Class Based, objective based shooter. Its very much like a MOBA except its an FPS. But the fact that its an FPS made it attract the FPS community which for the most part for some reason flat out REFUSE to communicate and work as a team. You get the typical problems in every class based FPS game where everyone either wants to be the Sniper since they think they\'re friggin Chris Kyle or everyone wants to be the Assault class because they\'re some kind of warhero and in the end you get an extremely unbalanced and mismatched team. In addition to this, no one talks. Like at all. Out of all the games I\'ve played I can count by hand the number of games where the team was actually interactive and communicating and working with each other. For the most part your fellow team mates will be playing in their own little world and view you as nothing more than a sentient AI.#2 The game is had a terrible launch and is dyingFor some reason whoever was in charge of scheduling the release date of this game decided it would be an awesome idea to release it around the same time as Overwatch came out. Not only that but even though these two games have been very heavily compared to each other Battleborn released with a full $60 price tag vs Overwatches $40So not surprisingly, the player base it had during the Beta for the most part jumped ship and went to play Overwatch.Now you have a diminishing player base who are getting more and more agitated by ironically the effects of the diminishing player base. I\'m serious it took me maybe a good 10-15 mins to write all this and the whole time I\'ve been qued up waiting to find a game."
76561198056298888,Recommended,394230,22822199,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,✯Wookie✯,This shows that 2k and gearbox♥♥♥♥♥♥just make borderlands games. I love this game i think it is rly good
76561198140335688,Not Recommended,394230,23608061,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BloodBath,i hate this game
,Not Recommended,394230,29865088,Posted: 11 February,all,DocVenture,"Had to add my negative review after seeing the influx of mostly positive lately.Honestly i have no idea how this game is getting positive reviews. I wanted to love it so much but it is honestly crap. The servers lag, The co-op forms groups with only 2(out of 5) people. Impossible to get a full group for PVE. The season pass content is still years away. Honestly this game could of been so much better. Instead they added a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PVE mode which you can easily beat within 10 hours. It barely has any replayability at all too. I had high hopes for the PVE mode of this game but it is lacking so much. Its painfully obvious that PVP in this game was the main focus of the DEVS. And with the community as small as it is.. the PVP takes too long to find groups and you face five stacks very often."
,Not Recommended,394230,28763216,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RainingTerror,"From the 2 hours I played it seems like a decent game, especially when playing with friends. Unfortunately it seems that the matchmaking is rather dead so it's hard to find other people to play with.As for the performance, it's utterly abysmal. I had to play on the lowest settings possible just to get a decent framerate, and even then there were occasional drops below 60fps with i7 6700k/R9 290. Awaiting a refund as I write this."
,Recommended,394230,23060491,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Doutrinador,just montana have more personality than the entire overwatch cast.10/10 would ks again
,Not Recommended,394230,22920327,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,jroddie,"If a game developer was locked in a room with only borderlands 2 and League of legends, they would make this game.It's ok, from what I played of it. The graphics aren't that good, and the progression is kind of confusing. The maps are all pretty similar. It kind of reminds me of warframe, with the recycled tilesets. The dialogue is really confusing, too. They throw around all this made up words and expect me to follow along. This would be a good 2nd game in a series, if I understood what they were talking about.Also, the control options are really bad. The sensitivity is awful, and only let me select by tenth increments. Particle effects are too heavy too, so in the heat of a larger battle, my computer slows down.This is a 20 dollar game, not a 60 dollar or 80 dollar game. Buy it on sale."
76561198025011815,Not Recommended,394230,22918854,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Chalktopus,"After playing the beta and around 6 hours of the full release I can honestly say I wish I had known steam's return policy terminated after three hours. Or was it two? Dammit. Anywho, being a huge fan of the borderlands series, I figured this would be an interesting divergence from their usual work with some fun characteristics in tow from those games. While I wasn't wrong with this assumption, it was nowhere near as fleshed out as I had expected.I'm not sure if calling the game unfinished or rushed are correct terms but it certainly feels like either of those things would make a good explanation for why the game feels so lackluster. I'd say it's unpolished but that implies it's an otherwise finshed product and that doesn't seem to be the case.As far as the game writing goes, it isn't truly bad but it does feel a little forced -- ""oh it's the end of the universe, let's take nothing seriously"". I usually love gearbox humor but I think it went a little overboard in this one.Character design is actually one of the strong points here. They did a fantastic job with the art direction and variety. The different levels are all visually enjoyable too, though they don't seem that complex or open (which is fine in my book if I'm having fun, I don't much mind linear gameplay).However I never managed to find a character that I was able to really enjoy playing, and most of them are locked at the start, so I never got to even try them all out.The skill trees that fill out as you level up mid-game are an interesting concept but I don't actually like it much in practice. Seeing as there are loadouts to begin with, you should have an option of setting your skill tree choices as loadouts too.The gear loadouts were another interesting idea but in practice I really didnt enjoy the minigame that is sorting through stats. Also the gear menu is clunky.I probably had most of my fun in the multiplayer, but with most of my characters still locked I lost interest before the game could hook me from a competitive standpoint.Overall I'd say this wound up being a niche moba game. Give it a try if you can without buying it, but there's better options out there for your wallet."
,Not Recommended,394230,22820672,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Blasphemian,"Great game! However due to optimization I have to refund. Certain areas drop me from smooth 60 to 2 which is a standstill and death if you're mid combat. Campaign fps is anywhere from 15 to 90 fps. No thanks. (Drivers updated, etc)"
76561198042214499,Recommended,394230,24398009,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hydreiguy,"Campaign is a fun experience with friends and multiplayer, while indeed lacking in numbers, can be described as ""good enough."" Leveling feels rewarding, and you'll actually feel motivated to unlock skins, lore challenges, etc..You'll find that even a good fraction of the negative reviews say that Battleborn is fine. Don't feel afraid to give it a go."
76561198236352356,Recommended,394230,23107137,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,boomer4001,i love this game it's the best game in a while
76561198005367895,Recommended,394230,23107672,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Alpaca,"It's the best MOBA I've ever played, it has a lot of single player campaign content too.As a MOBA it's intensely high action that requires you to really outthink you oponent on the fly.10/10 from me.  There's an eternity of depth to this game."
,Recommended,394230,23094069,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DEATHKILLER,AMAZING
,Recommended,394230,24260673,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Goregrim,I honestly feel forry for the creators seeing they had Overwatch to compete with when this game came out. It's not bad at all to play with it's great humor and character designs. Everything is unique and has it's own little charm to it.
76561198065559011,Recommended,394230,23296292,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Tr1pl3H3l1x,The game has serious potential but is in dire need of bug fixes and balancing.- Matchmaking is not balanced- missions glitch and cant be completed- and character balancingI have high hopes that the developers will address the issue. In which case this game will develope a strong following over time
76561198258334101,Recommended,394230,23303304,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,maafricky,Great fun game Its fun and ranking up
76561197997470538,Recommended,394230,22874842,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Xenomir,"Wow, so many things I want to say about this game...First off, Battleborn is possibly one of the best and worst games I've ever played simultaneously. How is this possible? Well, the concept is insanely awesome and the execution (in many aspects) is insanely terrible.Insanely awesome stuff:1. The modes are brilliantly crafted. Capture is a classic pvp staple; incursion is an excellently adapted version of a MOBA; and meltdown is, IMO, the mode which is the most unique and perfectly suited for a true FPS hero shooter like Battleborn.2. The upgrade/gearing system strikes a perfect balance between progression competitive balance.3. The heroes are diverse and complex, rewarding dedication to learning each character.Insanely terrible stuff:1. The campaign match making is essentially unusable. You can't choose the story you want to play, and, if the team happens to choose the map you want, half of the team will likely leave because they did not want that map. It's really, really, broken. The devs say they want to get a feel for the community's use of the system, but what they aren’t considering is that they are bleeding players. I don't even try to use the matchmaking in it's current terrible state, but I would if it were fixed.2. The optimization is terrible. Some maps (echelon, coldsnap) are very laggy in certain areas for no apparent reason.3. There are some blatantly horrible balance issues with some of the heroes as well as some exploits with certain maps.In the end, I have faith that Gearbox will address the most egregious of the above issues and Battleborn will become, quite possibly, my all-time favorite game. Until then, I still recommend purchasing this game even with its faults (at full price even--it's that good)."
,Not Recommended,394230,22966613,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Albralelie,"Fun game but the multiplayer simply doesnt work for me atleast, 45 minute queue times and constant server crashes. Extremely unfortunate that i cant refund this game so that i could buy doom. No way can i recommend this game in its current state. Constant game/server crashes make this game unplayable, 8 hours of total gametime will show on my steam profile, i have a total of 3 hours playtime. Stay away from this game until these issues are resolved, If any valve employees see this and can get me a refund i'd appreciate it as i cant afford doom without a refund."
76561198045244712,Recommended,394230,23314336,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,"The 10,000 Year Old King","So, It's been a while since Battleborn was last releaced. The playerbase is still low, thus games are still hard to find, and framerates still drop in some of the more complex maps.However, I still think this game is amazing. All the characters are fun and have their own uses, the loot system, while still not perfect, adds layers and layers upon how you can play each character, and as an FPS MOBA, it does it's job exponentially well!You more than likely heard this already, but I'll say it again, this game is nothing like Overwatch. The only simularity is that it's an FPS with heroes. Everything else, like how cooldowns are treated, the wide loot system, and the more MOBA like game modes make it it's own game.It's price is defiently steep, but if you can catch it on sale, it'll be worth it. Just expect that it might take a while to find games, and get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked at first by lvl 105 uber badasses."
76561198063482812,Recommended,394230,22801746,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,snowboardws,"Amazing, better than overwatch"
76561198050197256,Recommended,394230,24813372,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Soul_Reaper - The Death God,Good game give it some time and get some friends and have some fun! :D( THIS IS NOOT A FPS SHOOT AND LOOT ) (SO DONT EXPECT IT TO BE! )
,Not Recommended,394230,23807330,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zandrakk,"Dedicated servers? Are you serious? I have bad connection and it's ping is awfull. I even can't play single player with friends withput ping, because of servers are too far... omg...I really liked the style of this game, but i must play campain alone and then just throw this game in a bucket? because i can't play at home with friends and i can't play on your servers.... please... make it peer2peer....."
76561198133151489,Recommended,394230,29350564,Posted: 18 January,all,Cintr,rest in peace ⚰️⚰️⚰️
,Recommended,394230,22790934,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mulisha911,"If you loved Borderlands, then you will love this game!"
,Recommended,394230,22791134,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dark chocolate,Great game . Worth every $
,Recommended,394230,22887743,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jeff Young,what is the moba game mode name ?
76561198288087191,Recommended,394230,23925201,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HotTurtleSoup,Great combination of MOBA and FPS concepts with a cool crew of characters. Love playing it with friends.
76561198066466209,Recommended,394230,23249591,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Urici,"Its good, people that I show this game to are always pleasantly surprised how good it is. Go look at video reviews, they do a better job of explaining why this game is so good."
,Not Recommended,394230,24448487,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rigby,It is super fun and made a ton of friends playing this game. The match making is really long becasue the player base shrank and the devs dont release a ton of free content. If they lowered the price i would reccomend this game
76561198086628180,Recommended,394230,23314173,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Whizzh,"ENGLISHVery fun game, i love their humor sense, good and fun story but still no finished yet its such a challenge solo and with friends we wipe like champions a few times i mean its hard but when you succed oh boy feel gooooood i kinda feel a little like old wow raids and i love thata lot of Badass champs and i love them one thing is you need to unlock them first this is good and bad cuz that way yoou learn the game but if you want to buy and play with someone locked... well gl but if you take your time you will be able to play with all of themPvP is fun and challenging i do like and this is where i see Battleborn has some issues in steam and with the reviews with queues waaay to long and FEAR NOT this is the solutionhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Battleborn/comments/4hpfzm/psa_read_this_if_you_cannot_find_a_multiplayer/i do that and now i have queues about 1-2 min i know Gearbox should make a better fix but meanwhile this one works wonderfullPvP is fun competitive and rewarding teamwork OP and skills mattersi bought this jewel in sale and im have zero regretsi DO Recommend this game(srry for my bad english i do my best)ESPAÑOLLa verdad es que es muy divertido, me encanta su sentido del humor la campaña es buena todavia no la termino pero es en verdad un reto ya sea solo o con amigos hemos wipeado como unos campeones pero tambien hemos terminado misiones y es tan satisfactorio, es UN POCO regresar a las viejas raids de wow <3Tiene amplia seleccion de campeones de verdad amplia lo unico malo es que hay que desloquearlos primero esto tiene su lado bueno ya que vas aprendiendo de los personajes a la par que los descloqueas eso si NO ESPEREN COMPRARLO Y JUGAR CON LO QUE QUIERAN toma su tiempo pero hasta donde he llegado vale la penaEl multiplayer es divertido y bastante frenetico y aqui es donde yo veo que el juego tiene problemas, en los comentarios dicen que ha habido colas de hasta 60 min y lo creo pero para evitar eso y que las colas sean de menos de 1 minhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Battleborn/comments/4hpfzm/psa_read_this_if_you_cannot_find_a_multiplayer/aveces son desbalanceadas pero eso es un reto es muy importante el trabajo en equipo y al mismo tiempo tu habilidad como jugador me gusta muchoYo compre el juego en oferta y me encanta estoy muy satisfechodefinitivamente lo recomiendo"
,Recommended,394230,23301044,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Swampfunk,"Battleborn is a great game. I was surprised when I discover this game, I am sad more people haven't tried it.  It has great pve and pvp experience and comes from the masterminds behind Borderlands.  Thumbs up!"
76561198077655650,Recommended,394230,32283352,Posted: 8 June,all,Haze,"This thing is blazing atm and it used to be really bad... I saw more details put into it and definitly worth a look , or 10"
,Not Recommended,394230,31504177,Posted: 2 May,all,King Cabbage,"Got boring really fast, wish steam would refund it to me, but they won't..."
,Recommended,394230,22805374,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,TheRTist,"Just buy it. Grab some soda, and have a good time."
,Recommended,394230,26113784,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Assassinoid,"This is a great game and it doesn't deserve it's fate of being dead.... :(Fire your marketing team and hire new one but good one and this will be one of the greatest MOBA-ACTION FIRST PERSON SHOOTER games♥♥♥♥ YOU, OVERWATCH!!!"
76561198361176539,Not Recommended,394230,30732194,Posted: 25 March,all,debbiehaney52,doesn't work for me. Can i get a refund please?
76561198274900675,Recommended,394230,24104886,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KillSwitch,"Awesome game. So much potential.People please stop complaining about the low player base on pc. This kills the game and discourages ppl interested in the game.Yes it takes couple of minutes to to find a game and play it . But the wait is totally worth , this game is crazy fun.New players, give it a shot."
,Recommended,394230,24839766,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,adrenalinda,"My first attempt at cooking got me the following feedback: ""it's good, but I don't like it"" I didn't know what to do with that statement, because I thought I had done a horrible job and my family was just nice enough not to hurt my feelings. Today I am in the controversial position of having similar thoughts about Battleborn, though I still can't fathom the paradox of the prior statement in its full glory. I have a FPS history and I loved action RPGs like Mass Effect and The Witcher from the very start. I loved borderlands too, especially in coop and was thus probably also biased into buying the season pass - at full price upon release, mind you - for Battleborn, which I've uninstalled just two weeks ago. I still cannot completely wrap my mind around why I'm not ready to go on with the game and uninstalling it felt like a failure, either by the game, or by myself.I'm an occasional gamer, having a family, children, a demanding job and not endless time available. Gaming is my hobby, not like it used to, but still part of my everyday life. It's a vent, it's joy and mostly I understand the games. I didn't understand Battleborn though. When I keep rushing through BF4 even with a bunch of strangers, the goal is clear, people mostly know the map and if they don't, you help out. Maybe I'm old but I didn't understand battleborn and probably what really got me away from it was the lack of collaboration the game expects from it's players. 40 hours in I basically just played Miko since on multiplayer nobody else seemed to care about the necessity of having a healer around. I've missed the hero feeling and the gratefulness of my fellow mates who just dashed off to find shards, destroy sentries in an uncoordinated manner and just don't giving a sh*t about who was fighting alongside them. But I wanted to try MOBA.""Hey did you see that?! My spore mushroom just killed Boldur, all the while healing your lazy a** trapped in the corner and I slowed down the minions so you could recover"" No, you probably didn't. ""Oh f*ck, how did Montana get so close to me, I'm done for... when some well mannered Orendi had the grace to save my skin"" - so cool, open chat: ""Hey, you're great, I thought it was my last breath when Montana came rushing. Thanks Orendi!"" Too much happening to read the chat? Maybe didn't find the settings to have it displayed long enough? No problem: try voip... to no avail. Well, I can keep talking to myself...No feeling, no connection with my fellow mates. If there was much interaction, then it was a ""hi"" at the character selction screen and only if I've started the conversation. Probably I am old fashioned but there never really was a ""GL & HF"" feeling. But maybe it's not about interaction with others in this game and I kept enjoying every round of it, no matter how frustrating it sometimes could become. I still like the game, I just don't have enough incentive to go back. BF4 is much more rewarding and less overwhelming - to me.So, what it is with ""It's good but I don't like it""? I think Battleborn is a very cool game and probably I wish I had enough friends around trying to play it. I've never come to see all the levels and I've played levels a dozen times, where there are still corners I've never come close to - since Miko isn't the tank type. I still have the feeling I just scratched the surface of something bigger, something deeper, something much more rewarding but all I'm left with is just the feeling and not the motivation to go on and dig deeper - maybe one day.To close the story I'm a pretty decent household cook in the meanwhile, which took many failures to get me there - and passion, lots of it. I just don't feel the same for Battleborn. It's like seeing a good street musician: you wish you could play the guitar the same way, but just don't see how you could get there with a busy life. In the end, would I recommend the game, yes - definitely, with a suggestion: be part of the community, contribute, no matter how shallow the effort. And take your time, don't leave your mates in mid-game struggling like football team after a red card. Try to support beginners. I had some hilarious fun when tanks shouted at me ""I'm the tank, just stay with me"" in my first couple of rounds. I'm just not made for MOBA. Too frenetic, too many things to take care for (why Miko suited me well in the background) and lack of attention of most people who are playing it for the sake of gathering achievements, finding the next best lore and artifact.In short: It's not a game for me, though I liked playing it. My player ""persona"" is just not cut out for it. I am not angry at having payed the full price and I still feel like I got a lot for my money. I'm left with the doubt about me being uncapable of enjoying it fully or the game not being capable of enabling me to - why it's good, but probably not made for me.edit: typos"
,Recommended,394230,23163188,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,CYB.tachyon,"Battleborn is to MOBAs (League of Legends) what Borderlands was to ARPG's (Diablo).Saying it's just League Legends with guns is completely disingenuous though, as Battleborn really shines with its zany writing and gorgeous 2d animated effects. There's a full campaign that you can do solo, with friends, or with matchmaking. The writing is more Monty Python than Citizen Kane, so if you don't like juvenile humour then you should probably avoid. Good thing I still find fart jokes hilarious.The multiplayer is as addictive as the best of them, and it has a lot of skills to master as you move up the ranks. Gear, unlockables, skins etc. are all great surface details, and the real depth comes from how the characters interact during the match to snag a victory.Downsides: As of 5/23/16, matchmaking is broken and you'll probably get your face wrecked the first 20 games or so. Ick. I'm still enjoying it, but I did play the beta so I'm not losing too poorly to the 200hr+ hobbyists."
76561198032411087,Not Recommended,394230,30112017,Posted: 22 February,all,Happy_Jack,"EXTREAMLY DISAPOINTING.  Really just the same old game over and over with long waits in between.  Only ""Quick Match"" works and that takes 15 to 30 minutes."
,Recommended,394230,25769122,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mr. Dunkaccino,"one of the best team based games ive ever played, the gameplay is thanks to the helix system and items deep and refreshing and the coop missions are challenging but fun. what this game lacks the most is active players, so go get this brilliant game!!!!1!1!!!11"
,Recommended,394230,31015176,Posted: 8 April,all,ShadowMartin,"good game, just needs more players"
76561198090732270,Not Recommended,394230,22966129,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,agentvivi,"Do not get me wrong this game is still not bad, but it has some flaws in it that I find it not worth getting. The servers are alright, sometimes its a little laggy, but nothing game breaking. The main issue is how the graphics and combat feel clunky. I know a lot of people dont agree with me, but here is my 2 cents on this. While fighting in the game the graphics in combat feel extremely pixelated where it just gives a headache for aiming and targeting. With the graphics when minions and players are on the field together it just becomes overly congested. Some people like how the graphics and gameplay feel, I do not. If you loved borderlands graphics this is obviously the same, however, for a moba this just becomes a nightmare. If this doesnt bother you then the game would probably be fine for you. Right now a lot of the players are unbalanced and its makes the game a bore with everyone always picking the same champions. This will change eventually, but just want people to know what they are looking into."
,Not Recommended,394230,25793091,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,7 of Spades,save ur money this games♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394230,33338445,Posted: 7 July,all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,How do i refund this bot match simulator
,Recommended,394230,25216742,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mλgnesium,i like this but it would be better if there was a draft system for characters like league blind draft is okay but banning certan character and building a team that could be cometeive agiasnt each other than rather okay were gonna run a tactical and basic team they picked a highly monbile team that engages and disengages like a mtf and lose hahaha
76561198025413378,Recommended,394230,25102953,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,THEcomedian,"I love this game to death, does it have the issues other reviews have brought up? Yes. Does it have the potential to combine FPS and MOBA into something beautiful? YES. Right now the game is fun and I would argue worth the purchase price; there's alot of content (albeit messy content) to enjoy here. As long as gearbox doesnt drop the game all together, this could be a real gem over the next year. But for now, Battleborn is great fun with occasionally shaky match making."
,Recommended,394230,30620944,Posted: 19 March,all,Swag Alert,great game just over looked i would highly recommend
76561198053553422,Not Recommended,394230,22897915,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,BritishTea,"Garbage short dull campaignGarbage optimisationGarbage hero unlock wallGarbage boring loot packsGarbage matchmakingVery little content for the price, a massive step back from Borderlands"
76561198045735555,Recommended,394230,31884967,Posted: 21 May,all,Tiptoe Psycho,"I'm an avid Overwatch and Paladins player, but Battleborn has become my go to game. The graphics, character design, and gameplay are tremendously fun. It's definitely a game that is fun to play with a buddy or online with others. With that being said, it's unfortunate that the population is low. I believe it  just came out at the wrong time... However, I hope it does make a come back because this game is amazing. I say give it a try with friends!"
,Recommended,394230,26262431,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Salty,fun and addicting
,Recommended,394230,33189839,Posted: 3 July,all,Flopo,It's ok
76561197992405759,Recommended,394230,25915050,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JRSorrow,"i really enjoy this game.Alot of people want to compare this to overwatch, which is why it is virtually dead.but this game is not like overwatch it is two completely different games.this is a MOBA type fps while overwatch is an arena shooter...and of course it has the legendary Borderlands humor so that is a big plus for me"
76561198048530158,Recommended,394230,30531076,Posted: 15 March,all,LORD SLUG WORTH,I personally loved the game. Wrong time to release with Over watch around the corner and its sad because its a much better game. Didnt get the chance it deserved :-(
76561198077180144,Recommended,394230,25609489,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,GLaDOS22,"It's a good game, definitely worth trying out. However it could be a great game with a few changes. First, to gain a larger player base, make it F2P and compensate the people who bought it. Add a few more story missions (thats actually what I was most curious about). Add more character lines (some are lacking personality). Add more unique skins instead of just color swaps. Finally, add a match randomizer, with so few people playing, its impossible to find a full match of a specific type."
76561198060680254,Not Recommended,394230,22797790,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fella Bot,No possible way to change servers and not enough players.. never got able to play a single vs match! If you are in south america dont waste your money.
,Not Recommended,394230,23912423,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,tomahawk,Repetitive and shallow
,Not Recommended,394230,22837758,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,[BWA]Brandeni,The game seems like it has charm.. but visually it was incredibly over stimulating. And the moba esque mode was very cumbersome/bloated. Just feels like it could have used a lot more polish and testing.
76561198140836912,Recommended,394230,22853452,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Marshallangelo,Stop reading what Overwatch fanboy drones have to say and just play this amazing game already!
,Not Recommended,394230,22782013,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jammaken,"This game while being well made in the fact that each hero has a set story and thought out abilities that make each one distinct to play, there are major problems in the balancing on these heros in the competitive multiplayer matches.When  you first get the game you only have a few of the heros unlocked and have to get your account level up higher to unlock all of the other heros. The problem with this is that these heros are completely unbalanced, which makes the higher level players be able to dominate each match while the newer players that havent unlocked these heros to do nothing but die all game.Another problem is that while the heros for this game each have a large amount of lore and unique abilities to it, the maps have suffered from a lack of attention. In the competitive mode there is a total of 6 maps that you can play on. This would not be a problem if the maps were designed extremely well and had an entire set of stratigic spots you have to learn to utilize, but sadly its just a map that is identical on both teams sides. This leads the game to become extremely repetitive after only a short amount of time and leaving you to only care about the progression of your heros that are destined to either stomp the enemy team or die nonstop due to lack of balancing.This game was great in concept, but has a lot of problems in it that lead to an unenjoyable experience. This game may still have hope as developers balance the heros and add more maps to the game, however at this time they are charging $60 for a game that still belongs in beta."
76561197977878550,Not Recommended,394230,23271373,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Blanco_y_viejo,"Update:While updates to Battleborn did slightly improve performance, it wasn't until I upgraded to a GTX 1060 before I could actually enjoy playing the game. Now the game runs fine with everything maxed out at 1080p (steady 50 fps with VSYNC on), but it still doesn't look that great and the cutscenes and animations still feel like they're from an indie game. Co-op missions are good fun with a friend, but the game has failed to get me hooked on any level. It feels like all of this has already been done better before, which is why I still can't give this game a recommendation. If you're looking for a fun single player or co-op experience, try Borderlands 2 instead if you already haven't. If you're looking for team based fps action with MOBA elements, Overwatch is the better choice. Battleborn of course offers both aspects in one package and isn't really a bad game as such, so wait for a decent sale and get it with a group of friends and it might just be worth it.***Just finished playing the prologue and already a lot of the game screams ""unfinished"":-The installer tried to install an older .NET onto my computer and gave all sorts of warnings when it finally realized that it couldn't replace the current version with an older one.-The game started in 640x480 resolution, which gave a pretty hideous first impression.-Navigating the menus was impossible with the mouse when running the game for the first time. Clicking on menu options only worked sporadically and often the option below or above the one that the pointer was over would be selected.-Alt-tabbing to and from the game doesn't work. I alt-tabbed to the desktop but found myself unable to alt-tab back into the game. Since the game was still running somewhere in the background, I couldn't restart the game so instead had to reastart the whole computer.-The game is not properly optimized. I'm running the game on 1176x664 with everything set as low as it goes, and still I'm constantly dipping below 20 fps whenever there are enemies on screen. I know my GPU is a big bottleneck on my system, but I can run Borderlands 2 and Killing Floor 2 at 1080p and higher settings with higher fps. Both look a lot better than Battleborn and both are easily playable. While I'm not very picky when it comes to fps values, Battleborn just feels too sluggish to be any fun.-The cartoon cut scenes occasionally look like they're from a cheap children's cartoon ie. poorly animated and drawn. Furthermore, you can't skip them.So, the first impression is that the game is still unfinished and that's even before I've had the chance to experience how well the characters are balanced and how good the content is. Needless to say, I was expecting a lot more from Gearbox. Not recommended at its current state.My system specs:-AMD Phenom II X6 1090T BE OC'd to run @ 3,6 GHz on all six cores-16 GB of RAM-Samsung 850 EVO SSD 500 GB-Windows 8.1-NVIDIA GTX 650 1 GB (I know)I'm upgrading my GPU in the near future, which should take care of the fps issue. Hopefully Gearbox has ironed out some of the other wrinkles by then. In the meantimen, I'm tempted to give Overwatch a chance..."
76561198070222033,Not Recommended,394230,23939182,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MCBanHammer,Battleborn is a poor mans Overwatch. If the poor man had $20 more to spend.
76561197986907761,Recommended,394230,23410938,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mr. Three Seven,this game is dope as ♥♥♥♥. the future. so much depth.♥♥♥♥♥♥is cray.
76561198169066195,Recommended,394230,22786815,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Cyka Blyat Rush B,It's Good
76561198046861565,Not Recommended,394230,23100021,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SvYaT,"TL;DR : Worthless trash , don't even think about buying it, i mean it , if you think there's no way hero shooter with friends can be terrible, this game is going to prove you wrongHere's a review from a huge borderlands fan , who bought this game without thinking just becouse of developer. I loved everything about the series and didn't even consider that devs that made games this good can f up a hero shooter . I mean , just copy paste all borderlands characters , steal some from overwatch , make up a couple of new ones , make some decent arena maps and that's it, what could possibly go wrong?First thing : game is divided in 2 sections : PvE and PvP , and it looks like PvE mode got a lot more attention from the devsPvE mode consists of a bunch of 8  ~30 mins missions for up to 5 players on 2 difficulties that consist of beating up waves of mobs and bossses, that may become pretty challenging , due to constant disconnects and unavoidable FPS drops on every wave . Story looks pretty pathetic ,thought punching creeps with different characters and making achievements is kind of fun6/10 would buy for 20$ as DLC for borderlandsPvP . I don't even know where to start .I guess with the ""find match"" button: searches for the game take about 2-3 mins, then you have a minute to vote for map , and timer doesn't stop , when map is chosen , you have to wait this minute , then you'll have 30 secs of ""you have chosen this map"" screen , then 90 secs to choose a a hero , which usually goes all the way , becouse to skip the timer all 10 players have to click confirm on their skins and item setups , so usually somebody forgets to do that , so about6 MINUTES TO START A MATCHwhich feels like a waiting simulator , but the most frustrating thing is that matchmaking is completely unbalanced : there's no hidden MMR , nor balancing based on account level . So the usual game looks like 5-5-10-10-20 vs 5-30-50-50-80 which leads to 95% of matches to last 2 minutes in arena mode , and about 4 minutes in meltdown .WAIT 6 MINUTES PLAY 2 MINUTESDid i mention that 50% of the matches are 4v5 becouse everybody always disconnects?Game mods:1. Capture: your usual arena with 3 capture points and 4 mobs that spawn on 2th minute ,for each you get a level up , which is huge , becouse killing other characters gives so little XP , and since there's COMPLETELY NO COMEBACK MECHANIC , who kills these mobs usually proceeds to instantly spawn camp opponent team and win2. Incursion :  i puked too much on my first 2 games in this mode to have an opinion3. Meltdown: The ""revolutionary"" mode that combines MOBA and FPS with minions walking on 2 different lanes . So MOBA component in this is as atricious as it can get , and i have seen League of Legends . Your goal is to push these lanes. and the team that pushes through enough minions to get 500 points wins.No objectives , just creeps . And minions themself are basically worthless . For some reason you get almost useless gold from destroying gold crystals on the sides of the map . So map is basically extended arena with creeps walking everywhere , which leads to games where one team stomps another and second team has no way to comeback since there's no objectives nor comeback mechanicMechanics: progress of unlocking stuff is just terrible,it feels like i'm playing a free game with stupid microtransactions and not a 60$ title , heroes are obviously unbalanced and the strongest ones are not the ones you get at the start , to make things worse item system gives even more advantage to long playing players and makes miserable chances of 15 average lvl team vs 60 average lvl team even lower .On the top of it is locked amount of item setups and items themself  which is mad stupid0/10 , utter trashThere are also tons of optimization, connection and server issuesOverall all this bs overweights the fun of shooting other people with upgradable heroes and i wish i went straight for the PvP instead of playing PvE and then wasting an hour trying to log in when servers were down , so my clock was lower than 2 hour and i could request a refund"
,Not Recommended,394230,22821247,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,NasiPuti,"Is this game fun: yes.Are there issues or buts: yes.Pros:The games co-op is very enjoyable, the community is friendly and if you pick heroes rather non-systematically it doesn't feel repetitive.Cons:The games PvP feels extremely tedious and slow. There are barely any kills and its all just chip damage that is immediately healed up. Think trench warfare not team arcade FPS. Depending on your region you can also expect extremely long queue times (15 minutes+) if you get a game at all. You also might not find any public players during off times. If you like to grind out progress systematically the hero progression system can feel slow and the game will be a drag after just 30 hours of game play.Would I recommend this game?Yes if you are looking for a PvE experience with the occasional PvP match.No if you are purchasing primarily for the PvP experience. There are other games that feel much more active and like a true arena shooter.Over all Battleborn will be a great value for money game in 3-6 months when its first Steam Sale comes around. For now it is too expensive for what it offers."
,Not Recommended,394230,23266132,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,1960s toaster,It is a good game at $40. But the muliplayer wait time is probably the worst I have ever experienced in my 13 years of gaming.
,Recommended,394230,23319625,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,My Kill Burn Him,It's better than Overwatch.
76561198219019659,Not Recommended,394230,23095985,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Cyber-me,♥♥♥♥♥........
,Not Recommended,394230,23305442,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,BnH | Crusty,Great game.  It's too bad the community is dead.
76561197987477596,Not Recommended,394230,22964890,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Nigel Thundercruncher,"I had more fun waiting for this game to install than I had playing for an hour and a half.Reasons why.1. battle becomes repetitve quickly due to only having one weapon.2. very little costumization, the little that there is is just color changing.3. locked characters that must be unlocked through gameplay and/or acheivments.4. I feel like I have other reasons, but I can't seem to put them into words.In short I want a refund."
,Not Recommended,394230,23806092,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Field Medi-Kun,"The game is pretty alright. Character designs are GREAT, and there is a pretty sizeable cast. Gameplay, movement, and the talent system are pretty well done. Despite the talent system just being a simplified version of what regular RPG's do for leveling anyway, it feels pretty good.  I dont reccomend it because most of the characters just dont feel quite right, and the 2 or 3 that do, dont feel good in the single player, and were clearly meant to be played in pvp only, Each mission for the single player takes at least a half hour with other players (at least as far as I've expirienced) and up to an hour solo. Oh, you also have to wait in a queue to find a server if you are playing SOLO. so thats fun. Queue times for any of the pvp modes are upwards of 5 minutes,Also, the only way to get the good unique skins is to buy them. There are a number of default re-colors for the characters, but the really good ones that actually change the looks/patern must be baught, albeit at the resonable price of like $5. On top of that, unlocking all the characters is a massive chore (except the mission based ones).I reccomend just saving your money for borderlands 3.P.S. I forgot to mention; For a game that is trying really hard not to be borderlands, this game is WAY too much like borderlands, but bad at it. They bleep out all the swears for no reason other than for comedic purposes that dont work for me, all the dialog is the WORST dialog from borderlands (like imagine if every character in borderlands was claptrap. Thats what this game is.) Like I said, the game is OK, but I just cant reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,394230,32231143,Posted: 6 June,all,Repoman,Even making it free to play will not save this game. Queue times are outrageously long and no one plays the game.
76561198247963246,Not Recommended,394230,29404499,Posted: 21 January,all,Bius,"Gearbox, the creators of the game, ruined it. In the start they wook several weeks to address simple problems that were being reported all over the forum and all the time, like random disconnects, random matchmaking (lv1 vs lv100), lots of lag, UNBALANCED heroes (main issue actually).Then shortly after the first update, where they barely changed a thing, players started leaving, to a point there weren't even 500 players online worldwide 1 month after the game's release.Gearbox did a horrible job with this game, they should have redesigned it while they could. Do not play, PVE is bland, lacks personality, missions are merely waves after waves of mobs all the time with no different mechanics and PVP is reigned by some unbalanced heroes, if you don't pick them, you lose. Don't even bother playing in your first time when you find a match against a team of lv100s and your highest player is a lv5."
76561198299098475,Not Recommended,394230,23316119,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,thegamingskull300,horrible i cant even get into the proluog do not buy this game
,Recommended,394230,23114996,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TormDK,"What is Battleborn?Battleborn is a mix of many different gamemodes, both PvE (So co-op with your friends or strangers), or PvP (so the classic team death match, capture the flag and such).However, it also offers a more MOBA approach as seen in SMITE or Paragon - the Incursion mode, where you lane your minions to the enemy's sentry.Alot of people like to compare Battleborn with Overwatch, but they are mostly clueless Blizzard drones, so don't sweat it - they are completely different games with two very different focal points.If you like SMITE, Paladins or Paragon, you should feel right at home with Battleborn. The first patch is just about to be released at this time of writing, along with the first new Battleborn outside of the 25 you get in the base game."
76561198127614169,Recommended,394230,23908728,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mtabor35,"I've never waited 30 minutes for a game, if it takes more than 5 just leave and try again and that usually fixes it. The devs are listening and actively trying to improve the experince. Big concern was not being able to stay with the same team after a match is over and that is now fixed.  I will admit its probably not worth full price. I would proably say its worrth about $30, but I've got 40 hours invested into this so I'd say I got my moneys worth out of it."
76561198030777209,Not Recommended,394230,22920488,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Septiimus,I don't know what I expected from a game trying to do so many things.
76561198012888466,Not Recommended,394230,23278736,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Faux Foe,I got bored with it after 90 minutes then refunded it.
76561198005140137,Not Recommended,394230,22947410,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Caridor,"Here's the thing. This game is probably fun.However, I can't tell you, not the multiplayer anyway.I played the mandatory tutorial after about HALF AN HOUR trying to find a server for a single player tutorial, with a 5 minute unskippable cutscene before it, I might add.Then I tried to get into a multiplayer game, got into a lobby, map vote, finds a server......disconnect. This happened 15 CUNTING TIMES!!!Eventually, I gave up and played a single player mission. I guess it was alright, but certainly not worth the asking price.In my experience, it's an alright game, that I can't play."
,Not Recommended,394230,23158699,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,0peratoR,"This game is insanely fun. But i can't give it a good rating as of now and here are my reasons why:Multiplayer is the main aspect of this game but it's such a shame how unbalanced it is. As of writing this i am level 12 and every game I get put into I always seem to be up against LVL 100 players near enough all the time and just isn't fun getting destroyed all the time some characters are just down right over powered and even worse when they are a higher level.I hope gearbox fixes this issue and match players with similar ranks otherwise i don't see this game going any further, which is a shame :("
76561197996738656,Not Recommended,394230,23289519,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Mythophile,"A disapointment. I was looking forward to a good sole for training and getting used to levels, only to find that game is realistically unsoloable. Learning curve is a ♥♥♥♥♥, which can be frustrating for more experienced players as well as new players. This is not a fun, friendly casual game."
,Not Recommended,394230,24412990,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MrArthatil,"Repetitive Gameplay and Crappy Company policies.I bought the game at launch, hoping to get a Borderlands styled Mission based PvE + MOBA game.Well, the missions are go there and kill that and defend and thats all of them.The classes are unbalanced resulting in the fact that every PvP Match consists of the same heroes.The game dropped for 60€ to 15€ (humblebundle with a lot of other 2k games) in just two months so just wait another 2 and it will be free.There are already microtransactions in the game so far only cosmetic but there will be more as soon as this game hits F2P.There is no reward like free platinum (premium currency) for the poeple who bought it early on, while in the humblebundle you get 230 on top of the game for a quarter of the price.Unlocking some heroes is a serious grind especially with the very low playerbase and overall doesn't feel rewarding.You can unlock special equipment for each hero by doing hero specific mini-missions like deal 100000 damage with skill x, but on the other hand some require you to play matches with other specific heroes, which leads to problems due to the balancing problems mentioned above.Overall this game was a complete letdown and my game time only results from the fact that i wanted to get my moneys worth.4/10"
76561198242196292,Not Recommended,394230,23079142,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,JellyKid,"If you haven't already put 250+ hours in to the game then don't bother. You will get steam rolled, matched will end before you can hut lvl 2, and no one will care. There are to many exploits/balancing issuse with the game and with the amount of content, broken champs, useless champs, and higher lvl players its not worth spending money."
,Recommended,394230,23924579,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Andarusan #cLashez,"I actually like the game, I think it could run a little smoother but overall pretty great.The campaign is awesome and has great gameplay and humorous moments which just took me back to Borderlands, I think its very creative and well done. Seems like it had a hard time against Overwatch and even though I play Overwatch more, I actually prefer Battleborn... Just needs more people playing it so the queue times arent as long as they are now!I would of bought this game purely for the campaign anyway. But then again I am not a whinging little ♥♥♥♥♥ like some people. Try it, it's cheap. Dont be a tightass."
76561198093336856,Not Recommended,394230,23693487,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Muppet of a Man,"quite a lot of bad♥♥♥♥♥♥go wrong in this game. i really want to like it, but its so bad i can't support it. like titan fall or evolve. both extreemely hyped games that you forget about in around a month."
76561198119622730,Not Recommended,394230,23023141,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,zackalas,i does not match gameplay fotage
76561198038637274,Recommended,394230,23297571,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ecuador Jones,Game gud
76561198144416451,Recommended,394230,22898317,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,InfiniteStaircaseRnotOKAY,"I swear some people just hate themselves and leave♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews for games because they have a pos rig and are noobs. This game is overwatch but with more way content.  ♥♥♥♥ overwatch, get battleborn"
76561197977080258,Recommended,394230,23297361,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Inf1ux,"Awesome game, compliments Overwatch by adding additional play styles and maps, buy them both!"
,Not Recommended,394230,34757395,Posted: 5 September,all,Kara,"The only comparison to Overwatch I deem even remotely applicable, is that Overwatch is an incredibly polished experience in both technical and visual terms.Battleborn manages to lose 100 frames when I look at a light funny."
76561197972542128,Not Recommended,394230,31187700,Posted: 16 April,all,lockepicke,Seems fun. If only the damn Prologue level was actually playable without crazy lag.
,Recommended,394230,22831902,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Reiddonith,"Kinda like Overwatch, but actually good."
76561198067649869,Recommended,394230,23305865,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TheWarriors,HYPE AS♥♥♥♥♥
76561198063037304,Recommended,394230,23123504,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Blurrzilla,"One of the most fun games ive ever played! It gets a lot of hate too which is sad too see, people mad because they can't fix things overnight due to waiting on Sony and Microsoft approving the patches. However even with its few problems which will be fixed soon, its deffinatly worth a play!"
76561198005547564,Recommended,394230,23060997,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sick,Easily one of the coolest games i have ever played !!!!!!
,Not Recommended,394230,23264509,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,<3 | Kr4she,"Unbalanced multiplayer, short story without much character development, so many visual effects everywhere in versus that you cant even see enemy players, just a bad attempt of making a first person version of league of legends."
,Not Recommended,394230,31735188,Posted: 13 May,all,Slimskin,Wait.People still play this?And the devs are actually updating the game regularly?What???
76561198206074769,Not Recommended,394230,22998526,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,BigBrotherSenpai,"I really liked this game what little I was able to play. But for some reason because I run it on a compuer that is Windows 8 that should be able to run this game fine, I end up getting about 5 frames per second and everything has wierd black particles around it. Gearbox if you could find a way to fix this I would be verrry happy because you can't play a fps on 5-8 frames per second meaning that this game would have been a waste of money."
76561198033878096,Recommended,394230,23163360,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Goregasm,Yes.
,Recommended,394230,23385493,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Siegricho,"Imagina un MOBA y First Person Shooter fusionados, esto y “tiros a raudales” es lo que Gearbox promete en su más reciente Hero Shooter. ¿Naciste listo para la batalla?Parece que el 2016 es el año de los Hero Shooters, un género emergente que si bien ya había comenzado desde el 2007 con Team Fortress 2 ha esperado hasta ahora para aumentar los títulos que lo representan. Y es que este año hemos visto (o veremos) lanzamientos de juegos como: Overwatch (de Blizzard y probablemente el más popular), Paragon (Epic Games), Paladins (Hi-Rez Studios) y Battleborn (Gearbox Software). Checa la review completa enhttp://www.abyx.mx/2016/05/16/battleborn/"
76561198067635632,Recommended,394230,23390351,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,smallestjet7,Great game!
76561198006527539,Not Recommended,394230,24901430,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ravingraven94,"60$ for 8 hours of gameplay, wish I would have refunded...."
76561198036640403,Recommended,394230,22794503,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rubber,Reeaaaally good. Tf2 and Dota 2 had a baby and its badass
,Recommended,394230,24200994,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Uffda!!,"All this game needs is more people playing it.  But it will never grow in player population because instead of promoting the game to people and trying to get others to play it to solve this issue, they instead make bad reviews about the low player population thus turning any new potential player away from the game. Let me also point out that all the bad reviews have at least 24 hours played (usually a lot more). I thank all those reviewers because that will be what killed this game."
,Recommended,394230,25180436,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LordLames,"From the little I've played of the game, it's good. However, it takes a very long time to get a match.Would recommend if you have friends who have the game. Would still recommend if you don't have friends who play, but be prepared for a rather long wait time."
,Recommended,394230,22809858,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Aerys,"So much about this game is broken. Fix it, and it'll be a really good game."
76561198252553104,Recommended,394230,23203750,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,♏[!]ghty✪,I CANT FINDE ANY ♥♥♥♥ING MATCHES
,Recommended,394230,24183335,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Baconavenger,"PLEASE READ FOR AN ACTUAL REVIEW!!!Firstly, I have played this since launch and in seeing the reviews for this game I find that I don't think people understand what reviews are for. In this review I will give the pros, cons, and why people are wrong on their opinions. And yes opinions can be wrong.What is Battleborn. Battleborn is a FPS with a MOBAesque aspect depending on the multiplayer game mode. There is also a fun story component to the game allowing players a different type of challenge, especially on the harder difficulties. For PvP, players pick a unique character from a rather large roster (once all characters are unlocked) and battle. You battle your opponents, collect shards (currency), buy gear, and build defensive structures all while competing to out do your opponents.ProsThis game has hilarious commentary, especially in the PVE gamesDiverse range of unique charactersCurrently 10 story mission that will take about 30 min each to finish on the easy difficultyConstant developer update with free content on a regular basis4 game modes: 3 PvP modes and PvE in the form of the StoryHas a MOBAesque aspect for two of the PvP games modes for those that like that styleAll characters can be unlocked thought game play.NO PAY TO WINGear optimization to play a character how you want to play them. There is no perfect combination of gear (for most characters)Achievements and unlocks to work toward for increased gameplayLeveling mechanic that allows for specialized customization each game based on what you are trying to doConsStory is a little confusing and there isn't a lot of cohesion between the missions IMOCurrently there isn't a punishment for leaving a multiplayer gameMatchmaking isn't perfectAllied Player collision is annoyingLow PC player base (I blame people not actually trying the game for any length of time)Bad marketingNo PvP tutorial (but honestly it isn't that hard to grasp the concept)Can't switch your character after its chosenWhy people are wrong (these are things I have either read or heard people say)Its the same as Overwatch. - NO, just no. On the surface they are similar ie. Team based objective oriented maps with unique characters. If you actually play both it should be apparent to everybody that there is a BIG difference between the two, both of which target different players with some overlap of course.Some characters are too similar. - I don't understand this complaint. Yes, there are characters that have a similar role, appearance, or play style, but you can find that in any game if you look at them objectively.The community is toxic. - Really, have you even played LoL or Dota? Those are horrible people. The people I've found are pretty cool for the most part. There are toxic people don't get me wrong but again, any game that has you interact with others has the same problem.It cost to much for what it is. - This one really pisses me off. People pay full price for Overwatch which literally lets you only play capture and/or payload maps with no other real option. RB6 Siege only has a multiplayer mode that ends the same way 9 times out of 10 and a vs bot (terrorists) mode, again no real story. Battlefied and Call of Duty haven't really changed in the past 10 years but people still pay full price for them every 6 months. Then you have Battleborn which offers a fun series of story campaigns you can play with or without friends, three multiplayer modes each one played differently than the other. It also has unlockable characters with with their own set of achievements which can take about 10 or more hours before you finish all of them allowing for a tremendous amount gameplay. You then have customizable gear allowing you to play a character differently based on the gear. BUT ALL OF THIS ISN'T ENOUGH TO BE PAY FOR!?!!?!?!??!? ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!!I really wish people would give this game a chance."
,Recommended,394230,23245920,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,is good,Game is fun
,Recommended,394230,23176235,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,karbafox,Good game!!! And the network and the company !!!
76561198138160110,Recommended,394230,23257854,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,moneybaggys,Nice game- *youtube justanimations and gameplay*
,Not Recommended,394230,29841131,Posted: 10 February,all,WINSTON,"Yesterday I played 1 hour and now it keeps saying: Failed to authenticate player to Battleborn server!!!!what a garbage!!! Never had this kind problem with other games!Steam data show there are less than 500 player daily. So, it's reasonable.Strong recommand not buying! It's a dead game. Play Overwatch or TF2 or other games."
,Not Recommended,394230,26996892,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Block,Lost a lot of brain cells; and money.
76561197971389882,Not Recommended,394230,28170908,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,777-Megakirk,"Great base mechanics.Super-sucky cut-scenes, balancing and much more suckiness in reserve.Gearbox: what happened?"
,Recommended,394230,23105496,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jowssh,i get bribed in the londons
76561197993204255,Not Recommended,394230,28843060,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mid Boss,"I get so bored waiting for the Matchfinding Que's I tend to drop the game to go play something else. Beyond that...the 10 or so people who actually play the game, are rather good, so the pvp is rather bad. There's no form of ranking as the player pool is way too small to accomidate such...as such however, your match is going to be one sided and generally of less time then the wait time to get in the match.No form of tutorial or way to figure out what your supposed to be doing or why...some other players told me how to communicate in game and were giving me tips...then told me the game had a steep learning curve and eventually I would just figure out the maps...and modes and such...The game couldn't have a 5 minute tutorial instead of making me watch a music video and running around as a character without telling me what her abilities were or how to use them...let alone showing me any of the  maps?Also...it's like the same 2 jokes."
76561198172531726,Not Recommended,394230,23146027,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,swifthammer422,Lag if you have amd gear
76561198049603055,Recommended,394230,26153333,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,=WL=Tony,this game is amazing buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,394230,26260846,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Blue Dragon,Overhyped.
,Recommended,394230,22802581,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,stealthy shampoo,I am Geoff...Uh i mean Aracnus the Spider King and i suggest you buy this game!!!
,Recommended,394230,28843896,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SunnyTheYellowCreature,"Alright, so my first impressions of Battleborn is also the shooting aspects are not bad. Of course it was from the creator of the Borderlands, the same developer that did Mafia I, II and III. Huge thank you to 2K for making Battleborn and I heard they're making a new Borderlands game which is Borderlands 3 and I think it comes out in 2020 or something like that."
,Not Recommended,394230,32028830,Posted: 28 May,all,LandofNod,"Beautiful art and colorful cast of characters, but most of them are locked off from the get-go, and the gameplay itself is an absolutely unintelligible mess."
,Recommended,394230,22991110,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Birb,"Great game, just my laptop sucks and every setting is at low and i have less than 10 fps, its good, but... meh"
,Recommended,394230,24830628,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,chris,"spent a majority of time waiting for a game.... apart from that, games good!"
76561198147981026,Recommended,394230,25742602,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Pug Lover,Is a fun game
76561197988398976,Not Recommended,394230,24440767,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Syhler187,"3 hours i play and i am not happy that i start at lvl 1 every time in missions.also that i have to be online all the time is a big minus.game looks great, game play is fun. BUT the big BUT is the lvl up system, i was thinking more about borderlands, but it is just Overwatch or tf2 look alike game :("
,Not Recommended,394230,22822939,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,REMi,40% off 3 weeks after release date
76561198038675171,Recommended,394230,22771945,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Cross the Glorious,Like CS:GO. Just less russians.
,Recommended,394230,23903418,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Grimjr12,Theis game is good i love it and it shouldn't die because of overwatch
,Not Recommended,394230,22880114,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,GReEDo,"The game is completely unbalanced sh.t.I like the Borderlands series, but the developers completely failed.They want to take people from Overwatch before it will be released, but they didn't finished the game and they screwed up.A lot of bugs, lags, absolutely no balance, realy-realy poor graphic (even on GTX 690).I think they even not tested this sh.t."
76561198039550826,Not Recommended,394230,22845332,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,dancreator,"Broken game,feels like its still in beta."
76561198123933349,Not Recommended,394230,23963130,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Smokepurpp,"This is a very fun game, but the time it takes to find a game on multiplayer pvp lead me to refund the game. It takes me about 1-3 min the best but at times can take 5-10 min."
,Recommended,394230,22861373,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,YT,"This game is inferior to overwatch so if your trying to decide to get this or save your money for overwatch, save your money for overwatch!!I was invited to the first wave of players for overwatch many months ago and have been playing since and can say you are going to enjoy overwatch much more then this game. The game isnt bad though so im not giving it a thumbs down, its fun but forgettable and the characters are no where near as  alive and unique as they are in overwatch."
,Not Recommended,394230,23289883,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Nymxael,"Overrated humor, pretty generic storyline, game is confused about what it wants to be (unique is great, yes, but my turds are unique on a daily basis as well), characters trying their best to be memorable but just try to hard in the end. PvE is -okay- but is honestly unfun without at least a friend, and good luck finding one with matchmaking. I've tried quick match before, only to just be tossed into the mission on my own without any prompts. PvP is in a poor state, mainly due to character imbalance, difficulty to find people to play with - queues can go beyond 5 minutes - and usually the ones i'm tossed into i have poor connection to (also because the game's population is dwindling and anyone telling you otherwise is lying or blind). Also the community (or what remains of it) is for the most part, toxic and unfriendly, even to new players.This game has potential to be fun, but not without a truckload of changes, and a significant drop in the price because the 97 bucks i blew on this DE, was absolutely not worth the price.4/10"
76561198171334575,Not Recommended,394230,22805313,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,psiknight99,"I rarely purchase games but I wanted to try the concept of this game. Trust me, the gameplay is great...provided you can have a gameplay experience. I run an AMD card, so I am gaming on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ resolutions despite always having an amazing experience with more graphically demanding games, It can never find enough players for my matchmaking so I haven't even been able to play a single public game. Although I did play the first chapter with 1 player in the story.Also has an annoying custcene every time you try to play a chapter and it doesn't even have the option of skipping it; added to that, it repeats upto 3 times before proceeding to the game.Gameplay when it works on that rare occassion-  9/10Its usual unoptimized, single player, glitchy cutscenses-repeat-till-death- self- 0/10"
76561198042178580,Not Recommended,394230,22881308,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cracker,when my frames go up so will my thumb!
,Not Recommended,394230,22791802,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,FacepalmRunner,"Not a bad game, just not worth the price because of some quality issues.1. There is a story mode with low quality animation and the storyline looks like a joke. If there's not enough resource to build a good story, then why not leave it alone? To see Gearbox make something like this is quite embarrassing.2. There are tons of characters with poor design which make me feel that those ideas of characters just came out randomly. I don't understrand why they didn't take it seriously, it should be a very important part of a MOBA game though.3. There are various pvp modes and maps WITHOUT ANY TUTORIAL. Tutorials are neccessary since Battleborn's pvp mode is more complex than other MOBA games. Just a vocal briefing before pvp starts is not enough.4. pvp matchmaking takes too much time. And usually, when it's almost completed, someone may leave the matchmaking because of some connection problem and that would restart the matchmaking. And you need to wait again. This is annoying!Anyhow, Battleborn still could be a good game. The pvp is exciting and fun. I just don't recommend this game because it doesn't reach the quality of the price."
76561198006853580,Recommended,394230,23400511,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Peela,best game this year.
76561198100488245,Not Recommended,394230,23261549,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Zach K. Richards,"Do I like what I played of the game? yes, but there are some things i suggest fixing ASAP before I give a thumbs up.1. Optimize it more so people like me can play the game we actually paid money for as i cant finish the 1st level even on the lowest setting due to the slow down2. let us skip the cutscenes as the opening one is really long.3. give the forums a through search as people are complaining about some stuff on social media and other place and help them out4. I don't know why but when using the launch pads, I fall off the level and die. Could be just me holding one of the arrow keys too much mid jump but just keep that in mind if someone complains about jump pads when looking at the forums."
,Recommended,394230,23336372,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MxRommel,"I Played the Beta, now the full game, this is a great game for Gearbox, the game is great with friends, and online matches are amazing, with NO LAG.100% Recommended."
76561197960958187,Not Recommended,394230,22947740,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Pumpkin Escobar,Not good.  First Steam game I've ever requested a refund for.
,Recommended,394230,22791784,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Swisa,Better Than Overwatch!
,Recommended,394230,22792034,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kim Jong-un,"Negative reviews are just full of kids who thought this would be more like WoW... Stupid kids... This is a FPS MOBA, the best of it's kind, it's worth the money, but at this early stage of the game, it contains a hell of a lot of bad German kids who doesn't seem to understand the objectives! :) Purchase Battleborn and have fun! You wont regret it!"
76561198118768946,Not Recommended,394230,22902979,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kryn3ar,The concept seems awesome but this game lacks in nearly every category for a moba. The income system is particularly terrible. The games also spiral into a straight up one sided snowball the whole time. Friendly troops block your projectiles if they run in front of you while you're trying to hit the enemy. The colors are all over the place but you can get used to that. All in all I do enjoy the game but it's got a massive amount of work to do before you can justify spending 60 plus dollars on it. Right now wait for the price to drop or don't even bother.
,Not Recommended,394230,23616554,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,wayf,The biggest difference between this and Overwatch is that I can run Overwatch at more than three fps.
,Recommended,394230,30365868,Posted: 6 March,all,[A.E.] Bhesus,"Overwatch is a fast-paced, first person shooter, In which the objective is to either, move a payload, capture and objective, or go on attack/defence. This is, according to most sources, the Game of the Year 2016. Enjoy as you meet a wide range of playable heroes. GLHF"
,Not Recommended,394230,27895401,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DwightLad,I tried refunding it even after all the achievements/hours I got into the game. Too bad I can't get my $60 back.
,Recommended,394230,23009844,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KILLINGER,"Borderlands married to Smite and cheated with DOTA = New BATTLEBORN species !!!Buy it, it's AWESOME !."
76561198019155339,Recommended,394230,23032564,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SharkClaspers,Only bad thing about this game is the gearbox humor.
76561198139467976,Not Recommended,394230,22831501,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SladeWilson,"I'm a Boarderlands fan. I gave it a shot but I find it to be a disappointment. The story line is terrible and there is nothing to work towards, you can level up in one game to max and then just keep starting over. I got bored really quickly"
76561197979684687,Not Recommended,394230,23305835,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Hercubla,"So boring, so broken.Do yourself a favour, buy Overwatch.Such Regerts"
,Not Recommended,394230,22883736,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rocket,"Too much of a grind, takes way too long to level command, and you can't open the useful loot packs until you reach level 30."
76561198145990396,Not Recommended,394230,25006916,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Necromant,где играки их нет я ждал боя 30 мин и не нашло
76561197977744657,Not Recommended,394230,22911135,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,MagicSquid,"Initial thoughts:Played it... Managed to finally get through the incredibly long, UNSKIPPABLE opening sequence. Played 5 minutes and got disconnected from their server while in my single player opening sequence (wtf???). Found out I had to watch the entire unskippable intro sequence again.2/5 would not unskip again.==========================================Bought this game to try and hold me over until Overwatch releases and I kind of regret it. The game is just not very good. The campagne is tedious, not fun. I feel like I'm doing work when I play the campagne rather than playing something enjoyable. It's basically grinding through small waves of utterly uninteresting enemies of about 4-5 types. Purple guys. Larger purple guys. Purple guys with guns. Really big purple guys with guns and shields. Skinny black guys with glow bellies. Larger skinny guys with glow bellies... Over and over.Many of the characters are downright obnoxious. Not everyone has the hyper-active attention span of a 3 year old, Gearbox, and not everyone needs someone screaming at them every few minutes to keep their attention on the game. Loud, obnoxious, flambuoyant characters are used as a substitute for characters with depth.========================================The multiplayer is ""meh"" at best. There are 2 maps per game type and 1 of the maps at each game type is either really bad or poorly optimized so your system performance suffers.The character to character collision detection is headache-worthy. Characters seem to occupy space about 25% larger than their on-screen representations, making it more difficult to run away when at low health than it should be. Half of my deaths are from getting stuck on other characters and not being able to get past them! This causes the controls to often times feel clunky and slow. I didn't feel this was a problem when playing Overwatch -- every character's movements felt silky smooth.It takes a looong time to get into a battle. Wait to get enough people. Wait to select the map. Wait 2 minutes on character selection screen. Wait for map to begin. 5+ minutes of just waiting to start the map and often times someone leaves during this process. There is NO NEW PLAYER JOIN mechanics. The disconnected player's slot remains open until he reconnects. Did someone just log off for the night? Experience a power outage? Unnecessary Steam update cause them to lose connection to some server? Well, you're -1 teammate until they come back or you vote for surrender.Matchmaker or lack thereof. I don't know how it can take so damn long to get a match queued up. All that's happening is they are taking the first people avaialble, regardless of level or capability. It's the most simplistic matchmaker possible, yet I find myself waiting in queue for at least several minutes each time. Do you like bringing your level 5 up against level 40+s? Does that sound fair? This routinely happens in Battleborn.I'm sticking with my previous 2/5 rating for Battleborn. After having played it a bit more, there's not a whole lot here to redeem it and it's really just tiding me over until Overwatch releases.People keep saying you can't compare Battlborn to Overwatch. Well, I've played them both now, and Overwatch is clearly the superior game."
76561198137017224,Recommended,394230,23121707,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pappy,"This Game...This game is amazing! So funny! this MOBA is The best game ever! A FIRST PERSIN MOBA! :DPlenty of characters! I 100% recommend this game, my experience so far has been great, I've met people to que up with and Battleborn has been so much fun!"
76561198122757157,Not Recommended,394230,23264391,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,PoonSailor,"Continuallly getting ""Fatal Errors"" upon launch of game, haven't even played it yet."
76561197968395220,Recommended,394230,23163391,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lillian the Guard,Extremely good game.
,Not Recommended,394230,29899660,Posted: 13 February,all,John Cena,"Okay so officially i am a fair reviewer it allways comes from 2side. First one is start with Pros: the game genre itself is good, next is the item and leveling mechanic is good, various variant hero combat, it has story mode and online mode multiplayer so you could grinding in story mode, a quite balanced pay feature not to OP as Payday2. Cons : It's expensive as it first release, DLC season pass is less effective as pay feature not really affect much, some of the character are too OP, it'll take forever to find a public matchmaking fight, if story mode it will take decent time only, read reddit u will saw the gearbox developer(Randy Pitchford) twitter share some this game Rule34 stuff, seriously? as game developer please don't put rule34 in your game just to promote your game, it will be a scratch on your fame to do such thing. is there any software game AAA developer spread the Rule34 content on social media to promote their game?NO!... Congratulations Gearbox you're the first one. The Game is good just the way you release it too early and you put it very expensive at first time it releases. Borderland 1 2 , Presequel is good, u shud have choose to made the 3rd series instead trying out your luck in the wrong situation."
,Recommended,394230,22923084,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,:),<3
,Recommended,394230,22872941,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Burst Fire,Borderlands the Moba really great game
76561198058353782,Not Recommended,394230,22790653,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Byeeah,"ONLINE ONLY GAME. SINGLEPLAYER REQUIRES CONSTANT CONNECTION I was really excited about this game. I was so pumped. gameplay: is it fun? yes i think it is. My beef is with the online only. I understand why it is online only but I kinda have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet. Why is it that I HAVE to experience lag in a singleplayer match? every 5 minutes the Disconnection symbol pops ups which either causes me to bounce around the game and end up dying to the weakest enemy because I can't defend myself or it kicks me to the main menu. I fell in love with this game when I first saw the trailers over a year ago. I just hate how I can't play it because of the ""brilliant"" idea of making videogames have of ♥♥♥♥ing over people. Maybe I'm just a jaded old man. which kinda sucks cause I'm only 21. Music started sounding weird to me a long time ago and I don;t know famous people names anymore. I'm going to bed. I THINK YOU SHOULD BUY IT IF YOU HAVE A STELLAR INTERNET CONNECTION. I just can't be part of the fun. ughhhhh."
76561198036063246,Not Recommended,394230,22781541,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Spaghetti Shaman,Let me put this in a short way with an example. The game need to be fixed big time. For example Overgrowth multiplayer map needs to be fix because anyone can pick the sniper and damage the sentry from the saftey of their own base.
76561197996940938,Not Recommended,394230,29555189,Posted: 28 January,all,DainBramages,"Just no.  The game community is almost non-existent.  They want you to believe it is because the game launched around the same time as Overwatch, but that isn't it.  The game just isn't fun.  It looks nice.  The PvE missions are too long and the ai is repetitive.  The PvP takes forever to get a match going and then the actual PvP gameplay just isn't fun.    Add in bugs, such as losing your 45 minute PvE missions to a 'server error' that drops all of your progress - after you complete the mission.   Just no.  I want to like this game.  But just no."
,Not Recommended,394230,24042100,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Z.O.O.M.E.R,i can't play Casual
,Recommended,394230,23301207,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Samby,"Fun, replayable maps, game works great with few bugs. Only con is the interface, but it is easy to get used to after a couple hours."
76561198300217247,Not Recommended,394230,30638921,Posted: 20 March,all,BreeZe,I really like the game but....if you have already joined a game and then change your mind and want to play another gamemode or find another game you cant ♥♥♥♥ing do that!!!!You will have to wait for the ♥♥♥♥ing game to finish before you can find a new lobby or play story modeit is ♥♥♥♥ing stupidIf you are interrsted in the game wait for sale(sorry for bad english)
,Not Recommended,394230,27729855,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gayvian,"this game is basically like, a failure. its a joke. dont buy it i guess"
76561198029227032,Not Recommended,394230,30665336,Posted: 22 March,all,Ghost Monkey,"ME: 'Ello, I wish to register a complaint.GB: We're closin' for lunch.ME: Never mind that, my lad. I wish to complain about this game what I purchased not half an hour ago from this very shop.GB: Oh yes, the, uh, the Battleborn...What's,uh...What's wrong with it?ME: I'll tell you what's wrong with it, my lad. 'E's dead, that's what's wrong with it!GB: No, no, 'e's uh,...he's resting.ME: Look, matey, I know a dead game when i  see one, and I'm looking at one right now.GB: fine, you've got me, here you go, free Battleborn for your friends.ME: BUT ITS DEAD MAN, I've had enough of this!GB: No you haven't, you still trying to find a game in q.ME: Oh shut up!"
,Not Recommended,394230,24148971,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,mzh,wnr
,Recommended,394230,22773506,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Brito,Killed a giant robot believing that he's a spider who somehow is able to breathe in oxygen and Raid Spider Spray.10/10
,Recommended,394230,33278362,Posted: 5 July,all,Digitalex,eksdee!
76561198015699185,Recommended,394230,25283308,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,$PaYn's GammerTag,"highly addictive.lacks a tutorial , but youtube compensates.its needs time ,but totaly worth."
76561198199658507,Not Recommended,394230,30113730,Posted: 22 February,all,justintmoore1993,"Game is dead, three nights in a row I spent over 30 mins in matchmaking to never end up finding a match. Shame because it seemed like it'd be great. Refund recieved, thanks Steam."
76561198096808194,Not Recommended,394230,22775814,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,⋠Ĝ๏ą✞⋡'ƦэŁĨq.,"Was a good game upon release.Now its dead, still has terrible team balancing, still cant hold a steady fps, still terrible character balances.. just ignore this game and spend ur money elsewhere"
76561197993969269,Not Recommended,394230,22783949,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,OMG A ZOMBIE BROKE MY CAPSLOCK!,"Launchday issues stopping me from recommending this. Took part in the Beta and they've somehow managed to get new bugs into it.Loaded up the game, only option is a prologue option. Simple mission to intro you to the story but not very interesting.After finished it I get logged-out and 'Inventory Operation Timeout' every time since. Unable to login.Back to Overwatch Beta until they fix this I suppose."
76561197981721538,Not Recommended,394230,22796676,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Gunter,Games performance was unplayable (11 fps) even though my machine is well above recommended specs.  Terrible menus and unskippable movies.  I can't speak to the gameplay since I couldn't get it to play.  Refunded it.
76561198144415508,Not Recommended,394230,23338889,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,5cmperseconds,"What is this game? I can never connect to the server, such a waste of money"
76561197997399125,Not Recommended,394230,22905588,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,unclesickey,"Well I gotta say one thing; after playing this game a bit.It sucks dog balls.♥♥♥♥ MOBA's and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.  Just watned to have fun and play the campaign; but lo and behold it's nearly impossible to play the campaign w/o friends online!   The interface and play feel are clunky at best; and I'm being generous with that 'clunky' label.  As it really plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥There is one good thing about this; and that's once the 5 DLC's are done Gearbox will dump this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and concentrate on Borderlands 3!So hurry up gearbox and♥♥♥♥♥♥out the last 5 turds of this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game quickly so you can get back to what the fans truly wanted in the first place.I can only hope (in vain) that anyone who bought this game gets Borderlands 3 with the price of battleborn taken off the retial value.  Maybe then some value could be given for this ♥♥♥♥ing lame game.♥♥♥♥ this game, seriously."
,Not Recommended,394230,22908442,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Chitfacedagain,Possibly the worst balanced game I've seen in awhile.
76561198149881135,Not Recommended,394230,23874942,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,stricky99,"i thought i would write a review on this game because i would like to warn those who are thinking of buying this game because it was made by the same company as borderlands. I would like to say that it is nothing like Borderlands, besides graphically and the type of humour. Ps this is my first review and more importantly an opinion however please take this opinion in to consideration.Good points:. Its kind of funny. It looks nice. incursion can be enjoyable (but after like the 15th match it can become quite boring)Bad points:. Bland story. Lots of useless charecters. Not too fun for the solo players.The story missions time out after like two hours, which spunds like a long time. However if you need to do somthing else    like going for dinner, toilet etc or just anything that can be time consuming it can be very annoying as the game will time out and you have to start the mission all over again.. Increadably short story.3 different multiplayer game modes and only one is worth playing. Hardly any multiplayer maps and not all of them are any good. And worst of all it cost me £51.99ONLY BUY IF THIS GAME IS ON SALE AS IT IS NOT WORTH OVER £15"
,Not Recommended,394230,22796755,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Stegosh,"The game seems to be awesome and very fun to play!But as AMD procesor/graphic user its near impossible to play, game has a bazillion of bugs where it crash, underperform even with computers with twice the specs needed and is kind of unplayable in history mode cause you cant pass the Geoff Aracnis boss, it crashes and crashes and crashes even more.I resorted to many kind of configurations til i found a way to pass the boss, but wasnt by game configuration but messing with game .ini's, something a normal gamer shouldnt be doing.Right now, i cant recommend this game at all because unplayability for AMD users.Once/if its fixed im pretty sure this will be my favorite game for the next 6 months, as it has all the fun of an fps and a moba combined with lots of jumor."
,Not Recommended,394230,22826606,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,VioDuskar,"Based on the Trailers I expected this to be a single player game with multiplayer aspects. It's not. This is a multiplayer game with single player thrown in.I took about 20 minutes to watch the intro scene, which I thought was pretty awesome, and about 30 minutes to finish the prologue, which was terrible. The map is sized for a full party of players, even though it's supposed to be a tutorial level. Worst tutorial ever as well. There is no explanation of what your skills are/do until you check the character selector in the main menu after the prologue. Mission one of eight is just as bad. It took 50 minutes to finish.  no story explanation at all. The dialogue is not that interesting. It felt like I was walking from place to place instead of killing enemies. The end boss of mission one had broken hitboxes, and phased out of the battle area only to blink back instantly, twice, making that fight take much longer than needed.I got the deluxe edition because gearbox is known for adding content that is actually expansive instead of just extra ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins and guns. However, this time i fear the content isn't going to add anything to the single player experience, but rather just more multiplayer maps and modes.TL;DR story isn't built up well, tutorial sucks, hitboxes on bosses are finicky, and it's a multiplayer game with singleplayer aspects, not the other way around.This is gearbox's Overwatch, which is Blizzard's TF2.I'm asking for a refund. Not the same as advertised."
,Not Recommended,394230,23514903,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Not Vaught,"I'm just gonna keep this short. Wait for a serious sale and when you don't feel like playing Overwatch. The way it's being handled right now is akin to Monday Night Combat/Super Monday Night Combat, and I loved Monday Night Combat."
,Not Recommended,394230,23323790,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Punster,"Hardly anyone plays it. Laggy. Buggy. Meh,"
76561198053292247,Not Recommended,394230,22906914,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Chow-Su,"Not what you would expect.It's not like Borderlands where you go in a progress through an awesome story mode stocked full with amazing guns. It's not like Overwatch where you jump in a short game mode, gun blazing. It's not like a MOBA, where you optimize your currency and depths towards victory.It's bad. The graphic are ehh and it doesn't run smooth at all. Even in private story mode, the game lags?! Why do I need internet connection for solo play? The story mode is insanely long and doesn't auto-save, meaning you have to restart the whole chapter if you can finish it. Some characters seem cluncky and not well put together as others.It really feels like GearBox rushed the release to come out before Overwatch, even though its a completlely different genre. So much potential wasted.Hopefully, the PvP makes up for the rest of the game. I'll update this review later."
76561198050404996,Not Recommended,394230,22875772,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,I am not good,"great idea, very good looking game.zero effort has been invested in balancing the game out so if you get the good characters, you'll win.If you get the bad ones you'll lose.I've owned if for 3 or 4 days and am already done with it."
76561198013907351,Not Recommended,394230,22874628,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,mdiesel95,This game sorta suck's
,Not Recommended,394230,23130684,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Boromir,I cannot recommend this game at all. The matchmaking system is completely broken. RIP Gearbox.
,Not Recommended,394230,30223372,Posted: 27 February,all,Aniway,Worse version of borderlands and DOTA mixture.Updated 20170607: The game just died the second time when it turned F2P.
,Not Recommended,394230,28751770,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Decaighter,"Terrible game cant even kill one enemy because its so laggy, I rather play pong"
76561198277344422,Recommended,394230,22920865,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[ DorkyDarko ],Whats battleborn?The game is dead.R.I.P
76561198046424351,Recommended,394230,23297579,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MrWermi,"I like the game, some other people don't. Buy hey, whatever."
,Not Recommended,394230,23271371,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kishuzu,"I really didn't like the game, it was so~so. I guess the attacks just seem really slow and the game is kind of boring.I don't know what it is specifically but I just don't like it myself.everything seems so limited, and slow pace seeming were there should be more action.I shouldn't have waisted money on this, for me. It just wasn't worth it. :/"
76561198031319004,Recommended,394230,23174895,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shadowkingz,"LISTEN UP NOOBCAKES!! BABY WHINERS WILL TRY AND TELL YOU THE GAME IS ""UNBALANCED"" AND THAT OSCAR MIKE (that's me) IS THE MOST FRIGGIN' BADASS TO RULE PLANET AWESOME♥♥♥♥♥♥!ALL OF IT'S LIES (aside from me). TAKE TIME TO LEARN THE GAME AND BULK YOUR WIMPY♥♥♥♥♥PUSH-UPS FOR THE GREATEST. CRAZIEST. BLAST OF YOUR PUNY LIVES!!"
,Recommended,394230,23291258,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SAMAEL,"<3 this game but one minus .There is loads of diffrent languages to set . Two chinese , japanese , russian but they forgot about polish language ?Really ?  There is 4 diffrent asian languages and only one Slavic ? So in hole europe we spoke Russian and ENG only ?Gearbox Software made in USA all clear ... Small nations don't exist ."
,Not Recommended,394230,25133613,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shark TradeSkinsFast.com,"First off i would get overwatch. Second, this game seems like it is free t play because u have to unlock the charcters. Next, this is a full price game and the campaign is really bad so it is like overwatch but you have to unlock charters. In overwatch the dlc is free for this it is not. So all in all this game has potentional but it does not use it and there for it is not a finish game. Also it is not as poilsh as overwatch so dont do what i did and buy this game until it is polished"
,Recommended,394230,22795042,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Casual Coup,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198095285675,Recommended,394230,25579671,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,-W3E- El Toreador,Fun game. You should buy. Have fun too.
76561198194995138,Recommended,394230,22805674,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ZeroSumGame,"Holy f... sh....!! Great game! Sh....y pvpers... I'm soo f'n surprised how many dumb f'n people try and pvp. It's like every sh.. bag a.. clown who cant play dota2 came over to battleborn to troll. These f...ing people are so d... I dont think they can even tie their own shoes.  Understanding Battelborn pvp for many out there is like teaching mentally handicapped people Calculus apparently. It's just not going to happen.If you like people with low IQ's, unable to comprehend basic team-play and people in the lower 10th percentile in life,  play solo multiplayer pvp mode. (feeding, afk'ing, cluelessness, kids etc....)  I highly recommend getting a 5 man team of competent people and dominating. It should be a piece of cake!If you want to enjoy a short story mode i recommend single mode or private multiplayer mode with friends. Pug'ing is really bad.Maybe with time the pvp will click with average player but right now its bad....really f'n bad.Great game! But the learning curve is too large for many people in this community.Take Two please dumb this game down. They cant handle it."
76561198046769016,Not Recommended,394230,33985272,Posted: 2 August,all,Lil_Bill,"DISAPPOINTED IN GEARBOX!! If your looking for a better moba/fps try dirty bomb, TF2 or overwatch.  I was definitly looking forward to this games months before it was released. released 3 weeks before overwatch, enjoyed it for about 4 months before the game died seemingly out of no where. servers are officially dead with 1000 people a day on during the most busiest hours of the day. when i get on there about 100-300 people worldwide on!  with queues over an hour long to get into a multiplayer match, my favorite part about this game was clicking the uninstall button!!"
,Not Recommended,394230,22782409,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Cefrys,Specs:Windows 10GTX 780 With nevest drivers8GB Ramintel i7 920 prosessorEaquals: 1fps BEFORE I GET TO THE MAIN MENUIt drops to 1 fps (from 30) when it gets to Unreal Engine logo.Conclution: Horrible performance issues
76561198319462600,Not Recommended,394230,24710698,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,joshuazem95,it does not work properly it lags a lot idk why i wasted my money
,Recommended,394230,28069875,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gabbe The Golden Comedian,It's too bad that no one plays it.Better than Overwatch.8/10
,Recommended,394230,23608187,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Labrat007,Amazing.  My very favorite PvP option.  The story co-op missions are well crafted as well with loads of humor like you would expect from a borderlands title.
76561198372332772,Not Recommended,394230,30630447,Posted: 19 March,all,The Meme Factor,i didnt like it dont get me wrong i love this game its just that i when i bought it it wouldnt start and  i had to email steam for a refund steam gave me the refund but still me no like it
76561198068680457,Not Recommended,394230,22855088,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheDevilisGod,"This game is not nearly enough fun, nore polished/balanced enough to justify the price tag. I had fun for maybe 10 minutes in multiplayer after the stupid manditory first ""level"" of story/single player. The other players are way to hard to kill, it take forever to down someone unless they're already almost dead and god forbid they have someone healing them. Then its like trying to kill a ♥♥♥♥ing raid boss solo. This games basically clunkier less fun TF2 with a dota objective twist. I was hoping for so much more and expected a more polished emersive game for $60 from a good studio. If this game goes to like $10 or F2P in the futer I might consider buying it again but as of now I am requesting a refund, I suggest you find some way to try this game out if you still think you might like it. It isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,394230,22783837,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Countyzz. III,This game is buggy af not recommended right now.
,Not Recommended,394230,24439493,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Wyrmungandr,"tl;dr: For $60, this game is pretty terrible. SMITE is, in my opinion, a better (and free) alternative.If for some reason this game drops in price, as in... a sale, I'd recommend not touching it unless it was at least 50% off.If this game becomes free... (highly likely, given its wealth of poor reviews and lacking playerbase) then... what've you to lose? Only disk space and time. You might even like it... Though I can't say you'd have anyone to play it with.$60: 4/10 (The devs need to have a sit and think long and hard about where their game is going, and need to change quite a lot if they want it to succeed. Not likely, considering the game has been released.)$30: 6/10 (The graphics are okay, but the characters require more balancing and maps need to be redesigned.)$15 or less: 8/10 (For a multiplayer MOBA, it really should be free... but it has a storyline and some minor replay value... Good with friends.)There's been an influx of games into the MOBA genre such as SMITE, HotS, and Paragon (and this game of course) in a relatively short amount of time. They all try so hard to bring something new to the table without taking too much from other games of their ilk...Regarding this, I believe they all try a little too hard. Games these days are being transformed to cater to a more simple type of folk than the game would normally host.Casual gamers.It's not a bad thing, by far. Pandering to the casual gamercore by way of simple game mechanics is a good way to generate more revenue without upsetting too much of the hardcore fanbase... Unless you push it a little too far.Battleborn is by no means too simple, which is why it perplexes me that I stopped liking it soon after playing. I wanted to like it, but I couldn't find it within me to give this game a decent rating."
,Recommended,394230,22803412,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,★Bilbo★,Diversity :^)
,Recommended,394230,30565656,Posted: 17 March,all,Victory Male Carter,"Battleborn Battleborn i call RandyPitchfordBornI'd Rather Play TF2 so Yeah 9 Characters > 30 BattlebornAlso why i recommend the game get it on Sale""God really please we tried to make you happy"" Randy Varnell 2016"
76561197990617389,Not Recommended,394230,22924150,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Steeledge,Checkpoint Simulator 2016.
,Not Recommended,394230,23448216,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Roy,"Played it for just over an hour with horrible performance and just 10-15 fps on minimal settings. It was so bad that I had to refund it. DO NOT buy this game if you have an AMD card, you'll have serious fps drops on all settings. I had a consistent 12 avg fps on low,med and max settings lol.0/10"
,Not Recommended,394230,23338418,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,OmegaNine,"This is a well thought out game.  DLC is already planned at day one.  Does that make DLC kinda BS?  Maybe.My biggest problem is that I dont have time to grind out♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore.  If you are still playing WoW, enjoy achievement hutning and have tons of time on your hands, this game is for you.  I honestly got this game before getting overwatch, I love the developers and spent 100's of hours in boarderlands between the three tittles.I just can't deal with the ""grind out tens of hours to get all the champs before you go multiplayer"" anymore.  I don't want to spend even 50 hours in a game trying to ""unlock the fun"" anymore.  When I realized how grindy this game was going to be a I switch to the ""dark side"" and I have honest been having a ball."
,Not Recommended,394230,23343277,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mr.Teakettle,I wanted this soo bad BUT IN RETURN I GOT LAG AND♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BY THIS♥♥♥♥♥
76561198025243679,Not Recommended,394230,22821643,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ScrufMcgruf,"Basic adaptation of a moba to FPS format.Pacing of pvp modes are off - games often ended in stalemates.Character abilities all felt like obligatory ""damage nuke A"" or ""buff B"" without a lot of real variety in experience or decision making when learning a new character."
,Not Recommended,394230,22791102,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mr. D Gaf,"To anyone that picked this up because Boarderlands series is awesome will quickly realize this is not Boarderlands (obviously). For me this made the excitement die very quickly. Has almost all the charm for charaqcters and stories and humor. whether playing versus or story I feel like i never really gain anything besides a a rank number. Its not a bad game but if you want multplayer you can find better. If you want storyish (w/ multiplayer) you can find better.( added 5-8-16) So let me add to vague review. take 30 min sit down and do a story mission. Your character starts every mission / vs. battle at level 1 with a weapon and 2 abilities. throughout the mission or vs. battle you will level to 10. Gaining attributes to abilities and your charater with each level. every level has 2 choices pick one while in the middle of combat or wait to pick when it calms down. Many versus battles did not last long enough to reach level 10. Blah blah blah you have now finished the mission your rewards are profile xp points that really only reflect how much time you have wasted. But wait whats this... some loot, sweet!. Not really. You do not get to equip this gear traditionaly. Gear ties back in to mission progression because the 3 of gear that choose from your stash sits in your pocket until you pick up enough ""shards"" to activate them for little attribute gains that i hardly notice. Like reaching level 10 in a versus battle you will probly not activate all 3 pieces of your gear leaving an empty feeling. For versus battles just select a melee character and get in your opponent's face battle system for the win is not a win. Ty for reading"
,Not Recommended,394230,22799653,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Pre55ure,"8 hours gameplay and im at a point where im bored of the same old things, im desperatly searching the menus for more modes  ?.... well something else to play ?So far im not hating the game but its hard to enjoy knowing ive paid £39.99. i keep thinking theres something im missing ? some menu ive missed ? where the real game starts to take off..........but i dont think there is ? i feel a game of this price should have me ingrossed 8 hours in like theres plenty more to have fun about and it doesnt....i feel ive experienced all and now its just a grind to lvl up characters on the same maps...... for that reason i down vote this game untill i find that missing menu with all the other game modes on.i will come back to the review in another 8 hours gameplay if its possible"
,Not Recommended,394230,23637027,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,BradRapidTv,"So let me get this straight, the game starts to die, so to put it out of its misery you add ♥♥♥♥ing microtransactions?!?!?! Let alone the♥♥♥♥♥♥intro that YOU CANT SKIP, i shouldnt have to work my♥♥♥♥♥off in single player just to get♥♥♥♥♥♥for multiplayer. Im not alone when i say i wasted money on this hot garbage. If you read this, dont buy it. Let it hit free to play, slowly warp into full on trash, play 5 hours of it, uninstall, swap to Overwatch, and move on.0/10 Would rather watch my parents have sex in the light than play this trash again."
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,394230,23528616,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,CrankyCoon,"It's better than Overwatch.  The problem is that the cheaters make it a horrible experience, and the shrinking population make it hard to find balanaced matches."
76561198169211870,Not Recommended,394230,25405727,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Mad Hatter,it sucks.too lagy
76561198037443000,Not Recommended,394230,22818427,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rhaign,"Let me preface this by saying I spent somewhere around 50 hours in the last open beta, and have put another 35 in so far.PvE Content:While the solo play is fun, I might have burned myself out on it somewhat (Especially the first 2 missions) trying to grind gear and levels in the beta and on launch. The team play, however is fantastic. The humor is a continuation of the borderlands trend, The interplay with characters and the environment is fun. I've enjoyed trying to pull together team comps for advanced and hardcore mode. Overall, well done, however lacking if standalone.PvP Content:This is why the game gets the thumbs down. Lets start with when you queue for a match. During peak hours, you're looking at a 5-20 minute queue time, with 15min to 'I gave up after 45 mins'  queues in mornings and late evenings. When queueing with other people, this seems to be much less of an issue, however queuing solo is frustratingly slow.On to once you get 5 members for YOUR team. If any 1 player dodges while in queue, the system decides to find a whole new 5-set of players rather than replace the 1. This prolongs the experience of waiting for 5 minutes at a time to even find a group.Next step, the system looks for an opposing team. If you manage to find one, and nobody on your team leaves, resetting the entire process, you get set against an enemy group. At this point, some people Alt+F4 if the opposing team has high level players, people don't choose the map they want, or someone takes their character. Not many super-flamey people, or toxicity, however people just leave. I have only had a small handful of games total that had all 10 people playing.Once in game (WOOOO! WE MADE IT!), I've been quite dissapointed with I'd say 1/3 to 1/2 of teamates, as many people quit as soon as they die once, or the enemy scores a handful of points. Thus far I'd say this game has a difficult time of retaining players attention for entire matches, which might come from the fact that someone spent 20 minutes in queue for a game (I use caps here for emphasis, not rage....mostly) ON ITS RELEASE WEEK.Overarching issues:Currently there is no way to have players rejoin a match if disconnected, or have players join any game time mid-game. I understand that there is the possibility that steam is having issues, however I've been disconnected from probably 10 games total (just self, not including teamates) since launch, with 4 that I can attribute to failed connection to steam with the game, followed by immediate re-endty to the home screen, and innability to rejoin the game (or have someone else join in as that character either, screweing the party too).________Closing notes:Loved the beta. I had trouble describing the game to friends and family without including the word 'fun'. That hasn't happened with a game in a long while, and my hype showed for release. I almost stopped short of buying this game when I first saw the price tag, $100 CDN was stifling for a MOBA with 2/3 of a PvE game attached. I did, however stomach it, as the game had a lot of promise after seeing the beta, and I intrigued to see the other $80 worth of content not seen during that weekend.- One of the smoothest launches of a game in recent history, however that shouldn't be an achievement, just a standard.- I honestly feel like I paid $40 too much for how I'd value this game, with the coming DLC included. I'm actually really bummed out to say that. I was hoping for a bit more work put into systems like queuing, group finding, match joining for a ""AAA"" game.- I'll continue to play for now, however likely much more casually than I had planned, and less frequently. I almost feel obligated to play it for the money put in, otherwise I'm just broke with nothing to do, which is a slightly worse alternative to waiting in queue.EDIT:  June 18th '16.New character artwork was added to the game. Finally some character-specific skin colors and textures, yay! However, instead of making this baseline, or unlockable.... PAY WALL. $100 CDN, not enough apparently for good customer support ( I have had 2 gamebreaking issues that I have tried to file tickets for, and had useless replies to those tickets, and had the tickets closed after they were unable to fix the issue within a week), or baseline character art updates or in game updates to ANYTHING it seems without having to pay extra.The game is now dead, or so close that the difference is irrelevant. I've never been so dissapointed in a game developper, and this might be where I stop buying any product from 2K or Gearbox. Instead of worrying about customer satisfaction, encouraging growth of player base, communicating with the community to discover and fix various bugs and issues, adding a system to fill games that have DCs/RageQuits (this is a major PvP issue especially)... They added character skins, and taunts, and ways to add bank space.... for more money. You now don't have to play the game to expand your bank, or get a skin that means you achieved a level of mastery, you can just pay them more, and then never be able to get 10 people online in the world to play a PvP match with. GJ devs, your logic is flawless."
,Not Recommended,394230,22788522,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,♛MagnumKing♛,"Honestly this is an excellent game.A good experience if you like the borderlands franchise.The graphics are borderlands 2 style of graphicsThe gameplay is fluid and funBasically, if you love borderlands this is the game for you.However, the multiplayer PvP (5v5) is virtually crap.I waited 30minuites for a match in 5v5 and could only find 5 players.Then it tries to find an opposing team for you.Obviously, this could be my region problem, but I tried in different time of  the day and still... nothing.The PvE experience was good.Could find another player but that was it.Out of my 10matches in random PvE, i found only 1 player each time.So, until this game has a better community. Ill stick back to CSGO."
76561198072152020,Not Recommended,394230,22803572,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Calavera,"Matchmaking simply does not work. More than 30 min waiting and still can`t find a match. If you want to play online in South America, search another game... Really, it is impossible."
,Recommended,394230,23026856,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Pumpkin,"I love this new Overwatch DLC, I enjoyed the campaign and the multiplayer is amazing.10/10 Would get the other Overwatch DLC."
76561198081479587,Not Recommended,394230,23207420,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,OlDirty Bastard,"I am a HUUUUUGE fan of Borderlands. With that being said DO NOT waste your cold hard cash on this game... It's filled with bugs and frame rates drop too much even on updated hardware.Dear Gearbox,I will forgive wasting $60 on this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game if you cut the crap and make Borderlands 3 amazing.I believe in you guys!!!!!P.S. And for god sakes the game JUST DROPPED! WTF is with charging more for extra characters when the game JUST CAME OUT?! Such a slap in the face! EAT♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198031861748,Not Recommended,394230,23554304,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,dontaddthis,"I feel robbed. game runs like absolute garbage on my AMD 5870HD and about one month after release I cant find any games. I knew I should have bought overwatch instead of this hunk of crap...overwatch, looks amazing, and runs at 60 fps. this game...between 5 and 30. dont buy this game,"
,Not Recommended,394230,23029995,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,DaCourier,The gameplay is too slow. they forced me to watch the intro and now I hope I could ask steam for a refund. USD60 for a game I didn't enjoy for even one hour.
76561198015753701,Not Recommended,394230,22823920,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Get pittes,"I really wanted this to be a great game, truth is it needs more time being developed, I don't feel it's up to standard for release. Bellow are my refund notes.This game has a number of issues that I will list which have resulted in me wanting a full refund.1. It takes much too long to find games, of the 15 hours playtime I have used, many of it was spent looking for games, or just in menu, after I'd left the computer from frustration from not being able to find games.2.There are issues with the framerate. I have gone to the point of running all options on either low or off and still managing to get roughly 40fps. This may seem acceptable but as someone who has spent money on a 144hz monitor and an above average graphics card it really isnt. Especially considering I can run games that look much better. Clearly there is an optimization issue.3.When I did get to play some games I found that incursion was the only game mode that had that competitive vibe that was hyped with this game, and as such there are really only two maps to choose from. Beyond that there are glaring balance issues between the heroe types, for instance Melee heroes have an absolute advantage over anything ranged, in both damage, utility and speed. Thats not a huge issue obviously as these can be patched out but it leads me to my last point.I spend $74.99USD on a game that essentially has two maps on release and requires me to grind like crazy to get all the heroes.I feel that I've not only been misled but also ripped off and I hope I can get a refund on this game and in future spend it on something worth the money because this really isnt.It has the potential to be, but I feel this game is more like a demo than a full game, definitely needs more time in the proverbial oven."
76561198016660054,Not Recommended,394230,22837098,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cuddlebag,The potential.... the huge WASTED potential. It makes me so sad because I desperetly want this game to be good. But at this time I can not in good faith recommend this game to anyone. The campaign is pretty shallow but some good fun. But since this is mainly a multiplayer pvp game I'm basing my review on that part. There are two big problems with this game. The total lack of hero balancing. And the matchmaking system. Almost all the games are a bunch of new players who barely know anything about the game vs very experianced players. 80% of the games I've played in end up as 4v5 either before the game starts or 5 min in. This happens to my side as much as the other side. And to make things worse. Don't try to find a favorite hero if you expect to win games. Pick the strongest most imbalanced heroes and win or pick a fun one and lose.
,Recommended,394230,23256700,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,subarashii supeedo,"Buy it, use it, break it, fix it,Trash it, change it, mail, upgrade it,Charge it, point it, zoom it, press it,Snap it, work it, quick, erase it,Write it, cut it, paste it, save it,Load it, check it, quick, rewrite itPlug it, play it, burn it, rip it,Drag and drop it, zip, unzip it,Lock it, fill it, curl it, find it,View it, code it, jam, unlock itSurf it, scroll it, pose it, click itCross it, crack it, twitch, update it,Name it, read it, tune it, print it,Scan it, send it, fax, rename it,Touch it, bring it, pay it, watch it,Turn it, leave it, stop, format it."
,Recommended,394230,22875056,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,c00l summer slime mom,the videogame is a good videogame
76561198082676708,Recommended,394230,28083158,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ḋʀмἔᾄҭẏ,man i love overwatch
76561198003415865,Not Recommended,394230,29474237,Posted: 24 January,all,Rooty Kangaroo,"Juicy, [24.01.17 19:59]Oh Battleborn... you were fun. But now you're nothing but a broken mess. I tried to play again after I lost the abilty to, but we should just let this one rest in peace. I understand the changes; I mean, when you lose players there has to be changes, but this is just a mess. No one in their right mind should buy this game now. If someone did I see the refund going up within hours or the next day. And the story alone isn't enough to bring in players. Its sad, I loved this game when it first came out, played it for hours and hours, fell in love with each and every charcater. It's a real shame. But when you go to play online and you get into broken lobbies, you can't choose the game mode, and then 4 people on the same team playing the same character after you just waited 20 minutes to get into a game... its not worth it. And micro transation in a game you already have to buy to play? Come on guys, really?Let's face it, the only thing left for this game is to make it free to play. Then you can have all the micro transations you want. But yeah, it's not worth buying at this point and time. not hating, just dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,394230,22819011,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Vassago,"You have been disconnected is a reccurent theme and 20 minutes wait for multiplayer is short for Gearbox it seems.  The game is like Death Valley, there is nobody.I am probably the biggest Gearbox fan, I have played Borderlands to death ... but Battleborn is the death of me, every company makes a dud, this is it for Gearbox, it's their Diablo III."
76561198137338095,Recommended,394230,23738819,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BladeZi,"I brought the game, because of the Singleplayer, and because the characters looked really unique/badass, so I can recommend this game for people, that want to play singleplayer- even if it's not from the longest one, and people, that like to play with interesting characters.For the multiplayer- I don't know, and I don't care. Now the PvP part from the game is Free, so you can try it yourself."
,Not Recommended,394230,22825517,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,BirDs.at,"Ok here are my pros and cons:Pros:- Neat take on the MOBA genre- Diverse characters- Intention to deliver something like a coop story mode.- Ok'ish loot system.Cons:- The entry barrier is insanely high. You need to do several tasks to unlock characters. Good luck grind for the character you want to play. So most of the time matches cosist of the same 5 characters that are unlocked from the beginning.- Movement and Combat feels wonky and hectic. A lot of times you have no clue what is going on.- Melee Combat is just bad. The visual clutter is insane. When you are in melee range and fight more than one enemy you have no clue what is going on.- Characters are unbalanced.- Matchmaking is the horror. They split the PVP queue into 3 separate queue. You wait ages to get into a game.- No matchmaking system in place. You will get shredded by 5 man premades.- Coop (Story) Mode is a nightmare. You need to grind them to unlock characters. Also you can not choose which mission to play in coop mode. You can only select from 3 different levels when you are in the queue. Good luck finishing the mission you need to unlock Character X.- Minor annoyance: When you first boot up the game you need to watch a cutscene that lasts up to 7 minutes and then you are forced to play a prologue mission. I will never understand why developers do this. Some gamers could not care less for the story and just want to jump into a multiplayer match.Conclusion:The game could have been a nice fresh take on the MOBA genre with a little bit of Borderlands spiced into the mix. Sadly the developers could not deliver and fail at the foundation that every multiplayer title needs - good core gameplay, quick and easy joining processes for matches and motivation to play on. Battleborn has nailed non of them."
,Not Recommended,394230,22793272,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mizu,The game looks like it really had potential but the preformance is horrible (and I have a 980 Ti and a really good CPU) and the online doesn't work for me for some reason. I had to refund it.
76561198034422916,Not Recommended,394230,22886583,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Alpha Meat Husk,"I pre-ordered the game but had to refund. The graphics so so badly optimized it is unplayable. My PC runs Fallout 4 on high, and other similar games, like Overwatch run at over 60 fps (battleborn dips to 3-5 fps regularly). Would be good if it actually played."
76561198025057577,Not Recommended,394230,22892082,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lurker_GG,"Pros - fast pased, rarely unsure where to go, no bugs as of yet, no crashes as of yet (last two are HUGE pluses)Cons - many heroes are not suited for solo play, Dialogue gets tiresome and almost every npc has the same personality (21 year old suburbanite college student), lack of depth in items and character progression, cutscenes look like they were done by the cheapest animation studio china had, character animations and stances seem to be designed by a 21 year old suburbanite (lack of depth, substance and more interested in making references than anything else).If Battleborn had been presented to some of my college character and game design teachers as a final project, they would have failed Gearbox purely on principle. Would it be wrong of them to fail the project out right? Yes, but at the same time I would kind of understand why they would fail it.While there is a solid game at the core of Battleborn, the story, the dialogue and the character designs seem to be a mess.Taunt animations seem to be more interested with making a reference (stupid birdman dance) than match up with the character and the dialogue for those taunts seem to have been the first thing that plobed into the writers head. But I do admit, there are a far good number that still work and are entertaining.The designs seem to be all over the place, even within each of the character factions. Some of the characters poses seem to hint some of the modelers or animators have watched too much jo jos bizare adventure. (I don't care if she is a Pirate queen, no one would actually stand like). It almost seems like they cut the design time for this game in half and rushed it.As for the item system, the most benefit you are ever going to get out of a single item seems to be around a 10% bonus to 2 stats. The balancing of the items does not seem very well thought out either. There is no real reason to have legendaries that cost over twice the resources each mission when you can have a free item that nearly does the same thing but reduces a stat, maybe even a stat that your character does not use.I was really hopping for more from the items than just very shallow and minor stat increases.To wrap this up, I have some harsh criticism for this game, but I will continue playing. But I can't say it was worth the price of admission. So for now I am saying no on my recommendation.EDIT: I actually have not played the game at all since I wrote this and attempted to get a refund, looking back I was being really nice to the game . . . and people said I was being a jerk to it. Whatever I guess."
76561198077731097,Not Recommended,394230,22904567,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,fuck dude,Atleast I got 60 bucks in my steam wallet now.
,Not Recommended,394230,22782797,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,SeryR2,"This is a review on the current state of the launch day, i love the overal mechanics of the game, is fun, what is NOT fun, is that i can let the Matchmaking run foro HOURS and not fine any single solitary person to play with, its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that a mostly multiplayer game cant be played by many, i have look into the forums and i know im not alone, i really hope they fix this issue, buecause if not, this game would be a huge waste of potential."
,Not Recommended,394230,22782275,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Battleborn! Ah what a great game that is plagued with issues...firstly the combat is superb, and relatively well balanced considering and the cast of characters gives life to an otherwise bland story/genre. The game has a ""story mode"" which is essentially just overglorified co-op missions...and the worst part...there aren't many.....that being said they are all very very  well done, and although I appreciate this style I feel like as a fan of this experience...there needed to be more, especially considering the pricetag (singleplayer/co-op shouldn't be an afterthought). Do it right or don't bother. On to the multiplayer flaws...many of which may be resolved in the future but as of now, matchmaking is atrocious, you almost spend more time searching for a match than actually playing one, this is due to overall not a massive player count, regional matchmaking (a good thing), and divided search for gamemodes (combine them under one search with an option for filters). Additionally the servers or peer to peer despite showing a good connection does tend to lag, which I can't comprehend because beta seemed to run smoothly. And lastly much of the actual content is a heavy grind away...which although would be a good thing to keep the playerbase up, I fear many will move on before they get to experience half the content (aka characters). Overall I can't recommend this game, its very very good, and compared to other similar titles out there that I dare not mention...it is better...but sadly its let down by some inexcusable flaws...pricepoint arguably being one of them.I literally typed out this entire review while searching for a match, and I have yet to find one during peak hours and in one of the more populated regions of the world...GG Gearbox."
76561197970949456,Not Recommended,394230,22901496,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,LactatingProphetMuhammed,"Damnit Randy you dun goofed again.Bugs and Glitches: Have fun getting stuck inside invisible walls or having enemy waves getting stuck behind the map in their spawn. Doesn't sound too bad until it happens 30 minutes into a mission and you have no choice but to quit out and start another mission. Dont even get me started on the glitchy animations or the god awful hit detection.Balancing: Some heroes can 1v5 in pvp or solo story missions without a scratch, some heroes are just plain useless in anything other than a situation that the devs thought you might ocassionally get yourself into. Also heroes are unlockable so good luck if you're vs'ing a team that has all the op heroes unlocked. You seriously can't tell me you didn't just stay in isic's turret mode for the duration of every story mission.Story mode: Eight 1-hour missions where the only objectives are: Walk down the linear corridor, activate control point inside hilariously small battle arena, play horde mode. Any hostile projectiles will damage the control point, if you aggro the enemies their stray bullets hit the control point and destroy it. If you don't aggro enemies and defend the control point, they just stand at a distance and target the control point directly. Oh yeah and when you're 30 minutes into a mission and at the 4th control point, you still have to start from the beginning if it gets destroyed, but chances are as mentioned above a wave will just get stuck and you will have to either wait a solid hour for it to unstick (yes, i timed it) or quit anyway.Humor: Its was unbearably cringy in Borderlands, and its worse here. Im honestly sorry if some of the dialouge in this game gives you a stroke.So much potential, so many good ideas, but Randy ♥♥♥♥ing Pitchford. Please Gearbox, do the community a favour and go out of business."
,Recommended,394230,22775318,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Der Verrückte Hofnarr,"There's shootin' dudes, body slamming dudes, cutting dudes, slashing dudes, blowing up dudes, burning dudes. Then there's shootin' dudes, body slamming dudes, cutting dudes, slashing dudes, blowing up dudes, burning dudes while avoiding being shot by dudes, body slammed by dudes, cut by dudes, slashed by dudes, blown up by dudes and burnt by dudes in some really frantic action involving shootin' dudes, body slamming dudes, cutting dudes, slashing dudes, blowing up dudes, burning dudes. That's a hella lotta crap to do for a dude, dude."
76561197970683733,Not Recommended,394230,29576999,Posted: 29 January,all,III DMO III,gearbox should be ashamed for throwing this to the wolves and being arrogant enough to think they could compete with blizzard.decent game. horrible timing.
76561197970736031,Not Recommended,394230,22904900,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,McKeifus,"Runs like $#@% on my pretty darn fast computer, and I crush the minimum settings(Overwatch runs smooth as silk on Ultra settings).  Kind of boring, and yet far too proud of itself.  The intro video told me all I needed to know about this game:  all flash, with no substance.  Wait til it comes down to a much lower price point and gets bundled with the Season Pass.  Hopefully by then they will have it running smoother."
76561198093342017,Not Recommended,394230,22913563,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,langlangq8i,i cannot find players to play with
76561198068271716,Not Recommended,394230,22997609,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The RaaaS of Boo,This game sucks for pc as i was waiting for anyone to join for the last 2 days and no one did.no online players >>> bad multiplayer game
76561198227487176,Not Recommended,394230,23605942,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Apple Juice8,WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY TOO LAGGY
,Recommended,394230,23131241,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Radicles,It's good
,Not Recommended,394230,28685451,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bot Tobi,I regret buying this. I lost interest very quickly. A waste of money.
,Not Recommended,394230,25481478,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Darth Vader,Do not buy this game. It is officially dead.
76561198077109153,Not Recommended,394230,26309481,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dissenty,suck game
,Not Recommended,394230,30073115,Posted: 20 February,all,снорра,Battlefailedabortion is a game.That makes me sad.
76561197981456024,Not Recommended,394230,23506302,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Disregardless,Non-skippable prologue. Brought computer over to friends so we could play game together. Game designers decided that wasn't going to happen. That's fair. I decided I'd give them a negative review. That's also fair.
76561197967779360,Not Recommended,394230,22792762,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[AoO] Jerrytown,"The game would be great online, but there are already a massive flood of cheaters.  Thumbs down."
76561197972973598,Not Recommended,394230,22902741,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Headcase,Since these guys made Borderlands which is one of my most favorite game franchises I figured I would love Battleborn.  Well I DONT.  The single player is boring and repetative.  All the adds and reviews I saw for this game made it out to be a single plater game with this awesomr story line.  It is mostly co op and multiplayer.  I dont play multiplayer so I was very disapointed.  Dont wast your money on this.i just hope now that they have gotten this out of their system the get Borderlands 3 finished'
,Recommended,394230,23902662,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,fishwork,I really enjoy this game!
,Not Recommended,394230,23227761,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Rofii,R.I.P. BattlebornMay 3rd 2016 - May 23rd 2016http://steamcharts.com/app/394230On sale for $35 off only 3 weeks after releasing for $60.
,Not Recommended,394230,23110861,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,• JIM •,"The installer is the most unprofessional installer on steam. The visuals are way too crowded. Even at 144fps I still can't tell wtf is going on screen. Queue times over 5 minutes when it said ""short"". I am not willing to pay for such a game yet"
76561198062168002,Not Recommended,394230,29726438,Posted: 5 February,all,NaziZombieLord,"Have you ever wanted to play a game that has interesting game modes, unique and likable charecters and a campaign that draws you in full of awesome boss fights and each level is more fun than the last? Well you have come to the right place. Battle born has everything i just mentioned plus so much more!!!! Like charecters that are so unbalanced that you can literally be 1 shot by a heal (Ajani, whatever the water♥♥♥♥♥♥ support as a decently tanky ranged hero, why play a healer (Miko) when you can just take advantage of her broken kit as a DOT DPS charecter and do more damage than the actualy DPS. Whats that you enjoy a game mode? Well toooooo ♥♥♥♥ing bad, you will wait literal days before getting into a lobby, and once you get in you have to deal with the same exact heroes making ceratin heroes literal un playable. New to the game and want to play some pvp? Did you spend over 120 hours farming the campaign missions for 1%  chance drop loot? Well looks like you lost it before it started. WHATS THIS?? SKINS? Better use micro transactions to get a skin that looks anything better then them just dumping vomit green on your hero. This game also runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥too. damn you get the full package. Whats better than lagging as your fps stutters as much a haitian earthquak when a certain amount of actions of are being done on the screen. And i highly doubt its my 1060 6GB Graphics card making it happen. BattleBorn is the definition of piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The only reason i played it was because i have a friend with down syndrome that enjoy one of the charecters and only plays campaign (nothing against him). I will keep playing that game to make him happy because no one else plays it. But this game is worth no ones time and is just a terrible jab at MOBA FPS. Go play Paladins, its free and actually fun."
76561198299774975,Not Recommended,394230,22873660,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Yabba Dabba Doo,Boring.
,Recommended,394230,22771257,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Doomfist's Big Meaty Fist,"I had a life.""had"""
,Not Recommended,394230,22794843,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,hmans,"Buy this if you like one or more of the following:- long, boring and unskippable introductory cutscenes- games with a whole of 8 story missions that aren't bogged down by annoying baggage like a ""story""- having to be online even when playing completely alone- not being able to pause your game even when playing completely alone- losing your session's progress when being disconnected from the Internet- performance issues- balance issues- matchmaking issues- having rabid fanbois insult you for bringing up these issues ""because it's a multiplayer shooter!!1!"", only to find them whine about the same things in the Steam forums hours later- paying full price for something that competes in a very busy market filled with great free-to-play titlesSigh."
,Not Recommended,394230,22779621,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,boorch,unplayable on AMD. gonna buy it on PS4. refunded.
76561198027768111,Recommended,394230,22770796,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Hendrikus,When you look at a building and your fps drops from 60 to 5 in a hearbeat LOL
76561198113766663,Not Recommended,394230,23341865,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,LETSFUCK,Next gen Evolve
76561198031201473,Not Recommended,394230,34364587,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,Boring campaign and insanely difficult to undersand multiplayer. Just go play over watch or any other hero shooter they are better.
76561197970760320,Not Recommended,394230,22783370,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Aircool,"Personally, I couldn't make it past the intro mission without getting a migraine, so I shudder to think what would happen when I joined a full-on multiplayer.I have no idea whether this is a good game or not. However, I thought I'd best share my limited experience.  Basically, the visuals are pretty flat (presumably for superfast gameplay), which wouldn't be a problem except that, even with physx at the lowest setting, my poor old brain couldn't work out what was happening most of the time... the screen was just too busy.  Also, I'm colourblind and I couldn't see the bad guys half the time.Anyway, I figured I'd go for a refund because my refund time would have expired before I'd had a full game of multiplayer.No doubt this will be a great game for many, but the screenspace is just too busy for me."
,Not Recommended,394230,25093082,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Pymouth,Play Overwatch.
76561198043959488,Not Recommended,394230,22895206,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Urumaka,edited: Has a lot of potential that has yet to be opened up. Pretty big lack of maps gets apparent very quickly as well.  I'm sure in time this game will get balanced and rightfully earn my recommendation; but until then hold your money.
,Not Recommended,394230,22783983,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Garenator,"Devs didn't make enough serversI can't even get to the main menu because you can't access that without connecting to their servers$60 for a ""Battleborn Inventory Operation Timeout"" messageRequesting a refund for this, maybe if they fix this issue I'll think about buying it again"
,Recommended,394230,24242572,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"First-person shooter with light MOBA elements in the typical Gearbox aesthetic, and unlikeOverwatchor any of the toxic eSports trash that supposedly inspired it, I can actually play this one by myself offline, or private co-op with my friends.... why are the reviews 'mixed' again?"
76561198129519641,Not Recommended,394230,22789254,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,floyedthebarber89,"I dont recommend this.  Been waiting 2 years for this game and after so much hype and its just borderlands voices and really loud colors.  The character variety is nice and some are fun but from the start there is basically nothing worth doing.  PvP is a joke, PvE or solo story play are unbalanced and the storyline is just bad.  I could see this being really fun with 4 friends, but i couldn't in got conscience get 4 other people to pay $60 for it."
,Not Recommended,394230,29527529,Posted: 27 January,all,No.Name.Bagu,its just bad
76561198102392020,Not Recommended,394230,32378220,Posted: 12 June,all,BBQ Pig,Man i wish i hadnt spent 60 dollars on this
76561198008643629,Not Recommended,394230,32347094,Posted: 11 June,all,NixHex,"Pre purchased this game.  Yes I bought into the hype.  Pve isn't fun.  Pvp is barely fun.  I reallize that this game going F2P is good for it.  The community will expand and people might actually play this game, but as someone who paid full price for this game and played it at launch,  I definetly feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,394230,22773453,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,bambamfreddy,I really love this game but I can't recommend it right now. On certain multiplayer maps my frame rate drops ridiculously low and I have noticed a pretty big input lag on my mouse as well. This review will change if a patch is made to fix the issue.
76561198059431086,Not Recommended,394230,23389327,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,いただきまゆゆ,Don't buy itOVERWATCH is much cheaper and better
76561197997820291,Not Recommended,394230,22784764,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ALABAMA,"Horrible matchmaking, no players at all. I'm waiting for 20 minutes and no game so far."
,Not Recommended,394230,32116502,Posted: 1 June,all,Gooper,"Unfinished and unfair. Heroes are either super overpowered or insanely underpowered. Not worth 60 dollars, maybe 15... maybe. If you are looking for a good game that's like this but actually good, get Overwatch."
,Recommended,394230,22807364,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AarkTheDragon,"Battleborn is a fast-paced and chaotic team shooter that also uses MOBA elements to create a very fluid and dynamic game. The combat as action-packed and hectic, the characters are all recognizeable and memorable, the constant Borderlands-style humor of the game keeps the game from feeling too serious and competitive. Afterall, it's kind of hard to stay hyper-focused and dead serious when you're playing as a bad-mouthed anrthopomorphic cowboy bird armed with a rocket launcher. The story mode is a nice touch and works to give context to everything going on in the game world as well as give players who aren't really in to PvP something to do. The huge amount of challenges and constant unlockables gives you the sense that you are actually accomplishing something no matter how bad your match is going for you, and also keeps tons of goals for players to work towards, which is something that a lot of games should be doing.All in all, Battleborn is a wacky, cartoonish team shooter that works off one simple concept: games are supposed to be fun and memorable.I'd highly recommend it to anybody who enjoys first person shooters, as well as anybody who enjoys MOBAs."
,Not Recommended,394230,23610363,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ryan1998's bar mitzfah,i wish i could refund this game. if there were awards given to the worst games this would have won worst game of all time.heed my warning fellow gamers. dont be conned by these vile human beings that call this a game.us gamers need to unite and take a stand.♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,394230,34251582,Posted: 15 August,all,BluberriMuffins,SUCK
,Not Recommended,394230,23859028,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,NuStar2020,runs not as good as i hoped.. hate that you can't skip the intro.. requesting a refund.
76561198050496047,Not Recommended,394230,22821916,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Drakgore,!0+ minutes to find a group when playing online. Pretty bad when the game is so new.
,Not Recommended,394230,33393662,Posted: 8 July,all,Neigh-Thoven,"Couldn't find the ""find game"" button after 10 minutes of searching. BEst TF2 clone."
76561198007070665,Not Recommended,394230,22801150,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Cormellion,"I have to admit I have not had enough time to assess this game much. But my2hours for a steam refund is nearly up. I was hoping for a wow factor game but it seems more like a kids platform game with multiple players bolted on.  Not for me I'm too old for this basic mechanics game.  Oh I'm sure there are lots of group mechanics but this has all been done before. Lots of people will like this, but I'm not one."
,Not Recommended,394230,22793148,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,eXtrEm3z,wasted this money on game that has nice mechanics but the matchmaking just sux....
76561198069103302,Not Recommended,394230,23381085,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Voidarcane,wanted a refund looked at time played 4 hours... ♥♥♥♥. Tried to get my moneys worth stopped havent touched it since.
,Not Recommended,394230,22787065,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,sluggocat,"Cannot connect to basic tutorial level. Fails with ""server connection"" error. This is not a game. I paid $60 to see a screen that shows ""Server error"".Not good."
76561198139879729,Recommended,394230,24300726,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Vatrix33,Better than Overwatch could ever be!
76561198104946121,Not Recommended,394230,30764696,Posted: 26 March,all,Claw,it's alright but its completely overshadowed by paladins and overwatch  which are both much better games and i regret paying for this game
76561198049850039,Not Recommended,394230,22782256,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,klutzy,i was abel to play the beta on high without any problems but wen i got the actual game it cant run on low. if anyone can help me it would be nice
,Not Recommended,394230,23273947,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MattybFgts,I bought the game cant play it because i dont have 1 running system (DirectX 11) cant install because i just updated to windows 10 when i play on my decent laptop it is totally fine untill i get to the gameplay it took a big crap on my hard drive and crashed my laptop in the process.
,Not Recommended,394230,22822805,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Shalk,"I refunded my game due serveral reasons:1. My main character that I wanted to play was Benidict, unlocking him isn't that hard but why the heck I should play heroes I don't enjoy? the Peachmakers characters are dull until I can finally play Benidict.2. I was only able to find 1 Online game, the rest took ages and I gave up before It found a game.3. The population of this game probably will be low... which will result bad matchmaking.It's too bad, I was actually excited for this game, I really like the genere and I think this game had the potential."
76561198080635666,Not Recommended,394230,22783562,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Konrad Kurze,No save function or character progress in Story Mode feels like a huge negative for anyone not looking to PvP
76561198023670665,Not Recommended,394230,23443902,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Dan,"So i came back to try the game out after it went f2p. The game ques got faster but the time it takes to actually start the game is unreal. On top of that people can just leave without a penalty which is bollux. Also having played games like paragon and smite for mobas and overwatch for a tdm this game looks and plays really bad.Theres no anti cheat aswell, that is blatently obvious.I definatly see why this game died and why it will be just another evolve. I guess try to have fun with the 2 or 3 weeks it has left."
76561198032111743,Not Recommended,394230,22804614,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Darkwing,"It just got boring after 2 days.What also happened after 2 days was crossing the critical 2 hrs of playtime mark, so no refund for me.$60 - got to enjoy a game for 4 hours....not worth it.edit: and now it goes on sale 3 weeks after my purchase. That's what we get for supporting this game early on and showing Gearbox some love. They♥♥♥♥♥♥on us for the sake of absorbing losses to Overwatch.Want a better review of this game? Visit the forum. Be quick, though, because every discussion about the games problems and dead-game-player-count are quickly locked up by mods."
,Not Recommended,394230,22794807,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,draco yamada,"if i you like chaotic ""hero"" shooters this might be something for you but atm it is having technical problems with some people and its unbalanced there are also a lot of problems with this game atm i would just recomend watching some youtube gameplay (not highlights) and then wait a few months untill this will be F2P because its very obvious the game was made to be F2P with micro transactions"
,Not Recommended,394230,29864452,Posted: 11 February,all,HailPhyrexia,Meh. Laggy Overwatch.
,Not Recommended,394230,32442398,Posted: 15 June,all,Quarter,"This game is trash, and so is 2K/Take Two"
,Not Recommended,394230,23918332,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tri,gg
76561198015750616,Not Recommended,394230,22836841,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Monkeyoo,Terribly not fun.  Multiplayer is such a disappointment.  It feels like you aren't even playing and can't even tell what is going on.  Die randomly and not know why.  No kill cam.  DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!!  I am going to see if I can get a refund for this.
,Not Recommended,394230,22789317,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,SuperCoolDude,"Prologue is too long and unnecessary.Multiplayer is a mess. In my region (Asia) it took ten minutes just to connect to one match, and lag was out of control, to the point that I consider this game unplayable for myself. I recommend avoiding this game until muliplayer lag issues are addressed.My specs for reference: TitanX vcard, intel i7 @4200, 16gb RAM, played on a SDD"
76561198094892990,Not Recommended,394230,22818442,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,KING_DOOM_666,"i love games with good online co op . this game has some good content, however it's just kind of boring. i felt no desire to keep playing to level up. i saw no point. i feel like its custmization is lacking. i would recomend this game when it drops in price, and maybe has some DLC. As of now i would say with all the other games due this month, it's not worth full ammount of a AAA title."
,Not Recommended,394230,26417874,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Day Man,No.  Give me a new Borderlands game.
76561198042941283,Not Recommended,394230,22921979,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Rinerwin,"$60 gets you 8 characters. 4 more through a terribly designed campaign, which you're supposed to be able to play solo. guess what.... you can't mission 4 is not doable without co-op assistance. and as none of my friends want to buy a game that feels like an early release as opposed to a supposedly completed campaign, I have to rely on the online community, which acts DOTA players. game plays incredibly slow. 1/10"
76561198006748600,Not Recommended,394230,22810803,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nico Simon,This game is broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥with AMD cards
76561198080706052,Not Recommended,394230,22955896,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Nube,stay away from this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052972368,Not Recommended,394230,22916435,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Prime,Worst game I have played in a long time. Not what i was expecting. I am a big fan of boderlands but this does not come anywhere close to that. Extremly disapointed.
,Not Recommended,394230,22997019,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ZeroEffGee,This game sucks. horribly. overwatch ftw
76561198080539880,Not Recommended,394230,23902907,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Straf3 Int,Gearbox should stick with Borderlands
76561198273934176,Not Recommended,394230,28170991,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,swagcheezit,"I love the variaty of vehicles and props and most of all obliterating cars! I'm a car geek and I stumbled on to this game and just loved it! I think i've had it for 2 years now. I just started making videos for the game itself, and and of course MODS. The modding community is outrageous and there are plenty of cars and terrains to choose from. If you get bored (I still haven't!) then definately check outBeamNG.com/mods!I would recommend it to anybody with a great PC. The graphics are amazing on my home built PC, but If you have like, an HP or Dell that works to. I haven't tried on the Mac though. I think it has support. Yes, I have three computers and a laptop. ok, now i'm off topic but I would like to say that it is worth 24.99! and last Dear devs, if you could add a minivan to smash, that would be great!"
,Not Recommended,394230,23691560,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,CheeseDanish,Just get Overwatch
76561198012219316,Not Recommended,394230,22831528,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Neb Greenfox,This game is absolutely terrible. It has no long term play value at all. Its controls are jenky AF. Its just a bad game overwatch is better don't waste your money.
76561198195308486,Not Recommended,394230,23446419,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Spicy meme,"The campaign is okay, but the multiplayer has bad good hero balancing and matchmaking. If you want a fast paced multiplayer, look into overwatch"
76561197996269653,Not Recommended,394230,28650572,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sassypip,dont play this trash
,Not Recommended,394230,23912182,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Narondo,"Read other reviews, this is a bad game."
,Not Recommended,394230,22836728,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Misku,do not buy for the $70. what a joke.
76561197984190641,Not Recommended,394230,22818147,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lydon,"Really fun, but crashes almost every single game, cannot reccomend until fixed."
76561198125607551,Not Recommended,394230,30610263,Posted: 19 March,all,of all the names I chose skulllg,"It's not bad, but it definitely only exists because other games were creeping into this genre *cough Overwatch*.4/10 solo,6.5/10 with friends."
76561198002073999,Not Recommended,394230,22798318,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[Line of Eld] Cuthbert,"This game strongly reminded me of Team Fortress 2, to its credit.  But Team Fortress 2 was practically free, rolled into the legendary Orange Box ($20) at release and now being completely Free-to-Play.  Continuing the comparison with TF2, this game makes a few improvement to the formula, with interesting special abilities and a leveling system.  The characters are likeable.But Battleborn backslides in other areas.  There are not enough game modes, and the existing game modes have design flaws.  For instance, match timers are set at 30 minutes which is much too long for this type of game, imo.  The games I played kept on grinding to a stalemate.Would have been nice if they had an Attack/Defend game mode like in TF2; that was always the most fun for me.  Other game modes are prone to interminable stand-offs.  You end up spending all your time in the same part of the map, vying for control of the same bottleneck...Overall good game and worth playing, but not worth $60 USD.  And especially not worth $80 CAD.  I think you should have an original game concept to charge that kind of money.  Would recommend if they were asking less than $30 USD."
76561198041949601,Not Recommended,394230,23468990,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Phlegyas,Not optimizetNot funNot worth playing
76561198138091714,Not Recommended,394230,25085598,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,El Conke,Bootleg Overwatch
76561198121854771,Not Recommended,394230,23641769,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ninja Dylan,bad game. game is bad. Waste of money.
76561198041681175,Not Recommended,394230,22840270,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Zero,"I missed borderlands...and this game make me want to be a color blindand the ability system is not so good, its like a single character in a traditional mmo that seperate its abilities into dozens of character in order to force you to coop with others instead of making the game to be more fun playing with other people than alone like in borderlands (its like they copy the ability system from The Division or LOL but much less fun). guess this game is an attempt to surpass another garbage called overwatchPS:its safe to say 2k now officially start down the path of casual gaming, while raising the number on the price tag"
,Not Recommended,394230,25575189,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,wood,over hyped gameif you polish a turd....in the end it's still♥♥♥♥♥♥0/1000000000000-i want a refund
,Not Recommended,394230,22800810,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jynx2700,"It was advertised as a first person MOBA... I ran through the prologue and one mission.... What I found is a chaotic first person shooter with a lot of running everywhere and a few objectives sprinkled in. This game might be better if you are running with a good group of friends and you can plan / strategize...but for me it was just a waste of time.I will give credit though, it looks beautiful and runs great. Just not my type of game."
76561197973910616,Not Recommended,394230,22897005,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,jwfoxhound,This game is very boring.  The graphics are cheezy and it is a complete waste of money.  Its a broke mans Borderlands with a horrible storyline.
,Not Recommended,394230,29595071,Posted: 30 January,all,She got a donk,Awful
76561197992342107,Not Recommended,394230,23140934,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Muffi,"Disapointed in this game, not enough content for the price.multiplayer is boring, and the singleplayer doesn't offer enough playability.4/10"
76561198105397800,Not Recommended,394230,22809040,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nico,"I spent 47 minutes trying to get into the game but i never made it.It always says to me i have failed to patch,Please check your internet."
,Recommended,394230,22783267,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,That's amazing!
,Not Recommended,394230,23421913,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Scott,"wow this is crap, even if it was free"
,Not Recommended,394230,23735587,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LSU_K,just buy overwatch and thank me later
,Not Recommended,394230,32210312,Posted: 5 June,all,maidwer,devs dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about comunity
,Not Recommended,394230,22794351,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,unclejemima,its such a good game its just that with my 16gb of ram 960m and 17 along with win10 and a 1080p monitor the game just doesnt even give me 45 frames per secondI ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME... it just doesnt run well enogh
76561198051742029,Not Recommended,394230,23134309,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,purpskurp,"this game is awful, I have no idea how people continue playing this game"
,Not Recommended,394230,22916320,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BlackCatZ,I Will just sum it up:This game is Really BADBuy Bordlands or Overwatch instead
76561197976178495,Not Recommended,394230,23224948,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Jigglypuff,"As it isn't a top played game, you have to search for the stats, so here they are for you:Current Players: 1,573. ||  30-Day Avg: 639.4 ||   30-Day Gain: -359.6 || 	30-Day % Gain: -36.00%Full price game with dead community, endless grind, and truthfully a complete lack of compelling gameplay.  Oh, and with added microtransactions! Huzzah!It's unlikely I'll ever play this game again; it's been sitting dead in my library for more than a month, and it has only been out for three months.Price  on release - 74.99Price 14 days later - 44.99This is a pretty huge stab in the heart from Gearbox and Steam. Deeply disappointed they'd allow the pricepoint of a new game to fall so sharply in less than a month of release from a AAA studio, and not offer the price difference back to customers.In fact, I can't recall any new release (ever, from anyone) falling so sharply in such a short amount of time.Personally, I was unhappy with a vast number of things - tried to request a refund (and would have been HAPPY to get half of the price paid back). No such luck."
76561198002903311,Not Recommended,394230,22852933,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,netgeez,"I saw ""Gearbox"" and ""Borderlands"" which made me NOT see ""MOBA"" and ""Broken Multiplayer"" and ""Really Lame Story Mode"". My bad. Refund requested."
76561198060037177,Not Recommended,394230,33202124,Posted: 3 July,all,SGT.Wolfbane,Buy overwatch instead
,Recommended,394230,22769574,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tiger,My grades are gonna drop even harder now...
,Recommended,394230,23877906,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gen. Atlas,Battleborn > Overwatch > Team Fortress 2.
76561198025972794,Not Recommended,394230,32268285,Posted: 8 June,all,classicjarhead,"I remember seeing this and Overwatch and I thought clearly, this would win- what does BLizzard know about FPS?My wallet is forever -60$ because of this choice- when this game came out, it was EASY to get rolled on in all team based games, some O.P healing and etheral charms made me switch to OVerwatchOverwatch>a free to play clone"
76561198303740821,Not Recommended,394230,28648200,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Link the hunter(hero),I WANT MY MONEY BACK THIS DOSN'T WORK FOR MY LAPTOP/COMPUTER
76561198067407124,Not Recommended,394230,22851612,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SomeoneNamedBob,THIS GAME IS F.UCKING S.HIT STEAM WONT REFUND ME AT ALL FOR IT THE MULTIPLAYER IS S.HIT THE CHARACTERS ARE S.HIT THE NETWORKING IS S.HIT! WASTE OF MONEY SIMULATOR 2016!!! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ON THIS S.HIT IT SUCKS BALLS!!!!!
76561198148574462,Not Recommended,394230,23627918,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ChanxThexMan,No.
76561198139563706,Not Recommended,394230,22967318,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,CR Noble [501st],No. Just no.
,Recommended,394230,22767257,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,PRIMSZ,Good Bye Life.
,Not Recommended,394230,22797484,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Trururu,"Got bored after 30 minutes.Typical SPONGES instead of enemies.Generic ""heroes"" abilities.Narrative not even close to Borderlands level.And you can't play PVP until you finish some sort of PVE compain."
,Recommended,394230,22770189,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Emerald Phoenix,"Why have you scrolled past the ""Add to Cart"" button? Go back up and buy it."
,Not Recommended,394230,22890238,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,RadicalTedward,"HORRIBLE game. at what point did you think the price was right for this game? and then you say there are 4 DLC coming... that arent free...... this game is Crap. it looks like Crap, it plays like Crap, its single player is Crap, its multiplayer is Crap. Its characters are Crap.  I should of known better."
,Not Recommended,394230,22774215,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BearSalad,"10 min unskipable cutscence full of rap music, instant refund."
,Not Recommended,394230,32261039,Posted: 7 June,all,Cynic,Just get overwatch instead. There's not enough support for this game anymore.
,Not Recommended,394230,22829562,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Machiavellism of Despair,mobas are still cancer even if you add shooting in them
,Not Recommended,394230,23418326,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Pixelica,Meh....Buy Overwatch
76561198088086582,Not Recommended,394230,30606053,Posted: 18 March,all,MyNameIsDave,"This game got what it deserved, thats why you dont step to the king blizzard."
76561198010461956,Not Recommended,394230,32234439,Posted: 7 June,all,CH,OH FU'CK OFF
,Not Recommended,394230,23906567,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cepstrum,no
,Not Recommended,394230,23211517,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lifndor,sux
,Not Recommended,394230,23247173,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,CragHack,"Go play smite,  this game 50% sale <<<<<<<<<<<<<<< Smite freehttp://www.smitegame.com/"
76561197960619553,Not Recommended,394230,22788638,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Silent Tristero's Empire,The art sucks. Everything looks terrible. It feels like the worst of COD and MOBA combined.  Spongefest combat.
76561198013866556,Not Recommended,394230,22795510,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Praisethasun,Its♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394230,22773666,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Aquariums,I couldn't make it past the weeaboo prologue.Had to refund.0/10.
,Not Recommended,394230,30024392,Posted: 18 February,all,beesus,overwatch clone that ate out of paladins♥♥♥♥♥♥and also sucked my pee pee and then proceded to get diseases from every stinky nig in the world
76561197975310237,Not Recommended,394230,22955001,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Terror,"This could have been a great game if it wasn't for the utterly APPAULING multiplayer side of it. Quoting a ""Short"" wait time on a map, only to be sitting there for 90 ♥♥♥♥ING MINUTES! Are you ♥♥♥♥ING SERIOUS!? The matchmaking on this game is NON-EXISTANT! Anyone who purchased this game should be given a full refund by the developers. Push the game out the to the public and ♥♥♥♥ over the little man? ♥♥♥♥ YOU INSTEAD! Absolutely ABYSMAL Gearbox. You should be THROUGHLY ASHAMED of yourselves. That's the last product I buy from you.Would I recommend the game? ♥♥♥♥ NO!"
76561198125435540,Not Recommended,394230,22852403,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Willowwood CN,"垃圾，玩个对抗赛一个人都没有 2k I just want your know the every product fails because they don't have any uesrs, the Battleborn is a classic example. 3.5/10 （入手需要考虑）"
,Not Recommended,394230,23255984,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,MAD-COW,Dont buy this game its not worth it at all should've just bought LITTERALLY ANY OTHER GAME!
76561198119073340,Recommended,394230,26991217,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Galvanize18,"Love the game. It's easy to pick up and still has a high skill ceiling. All Battleborn (heros) are unique with their skill sets, dialogue and versatality. The campaign mode/PVE mode is episodic and is worth running through before jumping into the PVP matchmaking.Unfortunately Battleborn had a poor release date (realtive to other games) and almost zero Advertising/PR. As a result it now has a tiny community on PC. If you're interested in playing to win, I highly recommend getting involved with the Discord community to get a team together or you'll get smashed by the same."
,Recommended,394230,27081563,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ianeian Cacks.,"Not a bad game. Can tell it really wants to live up to Borderlands series, but the writing fall flat in comparison. I got the game on sale, and I don't regret it. Will definitely put more time into it."
76561197972319820,Recommended,394230,27231936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dorkish The Dork,"This game needs way more love. It is truely great, but sadly got overpowered by Overwatch due to similar release dates. This is an amazing game and truely needs more love."
76561197961822843,Recommended,394230,27215551,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maulie,This thing does just not get enough credit :(
76561198051888553,Recommended,394230,27216009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tentacles,"This game here is a diamond in the rough.Sure, it wasn't marketed very well.Sure, it came out around the same time as Overwatch, forcing people to pick between the two.But what you have here is a game with charm, story, and character.You have easy to pick up gameplay.You have humorous dialogue, and interesting characters.But most of all, you have a community, while small, is warm and welcoming.So give this game a shot. It's not perfect, but it gets the job done."
76561198258924170,Recommended,394230,24064985,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Suchadoge,"Battleborn has it's flaws. It was the first MOBA I liked. A lack of maps and gamemodes hold it back. At a discounted price I would recomend for is's new style of hybrid gameplay between FPS MOBA and minor RTS elements. UPDATE As of 9/16/16 there ore zero people online only buy this game at high discounted price. This game severely needs better AI so you can play offline and a PVCPU option to help online matchmaking because finding 5 people is fine but finding 5 more people to play against is impossible. It is such shame, much potential. Compared to overwatch this game rewards you for playing your way. Specific Items unockable skins and new skills can be unlocked for playing characters that you like.  I hated Orendi untill I unlocked her first skill, now she's my favorite character. To be clear I like this game a lot, but I can't reccomend it at full price untill they fix some severe issues like allowing player drop-ins, because if a player drops out your team is done. You slowly lose and get ganged up on over the course of 30 mins. Wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,394230,26325501,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Calebula,Great game! This is probably one of my favorite games to play... but due to my internet speed of 150kbs and the constant couple gigabyte updates I don't get to play it much. But the graphics are great and the gameplay is awesome. It's way more than just a shooter and has some comedy it it.
,Recommended,394230,26966370,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Majistic,It features the same voice actress that did Tiny Tina! =D
76561198078512829,Recommended,394230,26769119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Paddy,An amazing game that is failing due to its release time and a lack of PC playerbase.
,Recommended,394230,26907812,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[TMA] DRUNK TAQUITO,love it
,Not Recommended,394230,22828415,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,wirelessdarkness,"If it had the support it deserved, it could have been good. Biggest waste of money in 2016.Oh, have they added anything since the water character?"
,Recommended,394230,26804488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asagi-nyan,I wish more people liked this game.
,Recommended,394230,26955400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jfallen19,"You remember Super Monday Night Combat? Yes? No? Well, this game does the moba/shooter blend very well. The matches are fast paced and always interesting. This game is for the non-moba player, the people who roll their eyes when they hear their friends say ""Well Smite has first person shooter mechanics though."" It's a good game, go get.Or are you too chicken?COKK-DE-CAHH!!"
76561197988466774,Not Recommended,394230,26136870,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,(316)Z3ppL1n,Paid full price for this game...$60. Opted not to pre order and get the seasons pass...whatever. 3 weeks later the price is slashed 50%  in an attempt to increase the player base to a dying game...i'm playing this game all ♥♥♥♥ing day in the meantime...tolerating the ever increasing queue times. New hero is released...FREE to the season  holders. But to the saps  llike myself...available  at a ridiculous price with ingame currency. I feel as if I got ♥♥♥♥ed over by purchasing this game and would advise anyone reading this to stay away. Spend that money on a better...cheaper game..like Blizzard's OVERWATCH.
76561198127253842,Recommended,394230,26109120,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Youngster Joey,i ate a banana once...this is no banana
76561198012827377,Not Recommended,394230,22780442,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Cerberus,"Edit: June 13th 2016I gained interest in Battleborn around the time they announced the Closed Technical Test. I took part in it and absolutely loved the game. The gameplay, the characters, the humour, it had that Borderland-esque charm that I adored right away. I played a lot during the CTT, played some more during the Beta and eagerly awaited Battleborn's release, recomending the game to everyone along the way.Then the launch date came and Battleborn was everything I wanted it to be. I had a great time and met some awesome people along the way. Sadly, the playerbase wasn't as good as expected and with plenty of competing titles looming around the corner, it saw a steady decline. I loved the game, so I pressed on.They tried their best to give us a good matchmaking experience but with so few players to choose from, they could only do so much. I started playing less and less over the past week due to increasingly uneven match-ups. Most of my matches while solo queuing were up against pre-mades, it made for an unfun experience, but I didn't give up, I had faith in Gearbox. They told us they had some great things in store for us and I believed them.And then today, June 13th, they announce the introduction of micro-transactions. The tier 2 skins we had been waiting for since release were hidden behind a paywall and we were left with plain recolors as our only free skin options. Nothing was done to keep the current playerbase interested or bring back those who have left. They want us to be patient, they ask us to trust them, that good things are to come, but the trust has been broken.I can no longer recommend this game to anyone and will no longer support Gearbox in their efforts to save Battleborn."
76561198029837461,Not Recommended,394230,23195665,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻,"* how the game work *need to connect internet to play    play any mode/map to find your best gear (that not change anything of your character look or the way they attack/use skill only improve cooldown/shield recharge etc) again and again    play more to unlock more characters and maybe pay to get DLC characterSSSSS* how the game look *-PVP : explot, whimper nerf,toxic player(sure every online game have)-PVE : get full of friend or lucky draw with match making(full of pro or overload of noob)* overall *grinding again and again to find the item that make you jazz when you get itput that item in loadout slot and jump in the matchget team full of pro that you feel like nothing left for you to do or get nuke in the @$$ with noobsTF2 that replace weapon change system with character skills and item that nobody care what you havefun to play with friend and blame each other when lose match//////****** UPDATE ******\\\\\\BIG PATCH BIG NERF BIG FU*KUP"
76561198014019382,Not Recommended,394230,22807803,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,FULLMETAL,"awesome game. no players, waste of time"
,Not Recommended,394230,23675308,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Trofk,Matchmaking takes forever.
76561198018464555,Recommended,394230,28003426,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sir Cephalopod,Solid gameplay with loads of character. Toungue-in-cheek humor had me chuckling constantly.
,Recommended,394230,28510300,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Raum,"First off, I have to mke a comment directed at the elephant in the room.  I feel like this game took all the scrapped hero idea's from Borderlands and were put to use here.  That is out of the way.No, there isn't anything ""wrong"" with the game.  The game runs fine, it's systems work for themselves for better or worse, the level design is adequate, and the characters are well defined and humorous.  Yet I can shake this feeling of how hollow the game is.  The game lacks ""oomf"".  Many of the abilities are severely lacking and have very little to no impact.  Visually, I was disappointed time and time again with lackluster ""ultimates"" that could be swapped out with any other ability and not make much difference.What we have here is a foundation that can hopefully make a similar jump in quality with what they did from Borderlands 1 to 2."
76561197986275365,Recommended,394230,28837223,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Matty602,"This game is very fun, it's really underrated you should give it a shot before talking bad about it. IMO I find it better then overwatch, I know they are 2 different types of game but they do kinda play similar to one another. I recommend this game just because it's not popular does not mean it sucks"
,Recommended,394230,24076393,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,T H 넓은눈 I C C,play the game. its better than it seems. just nobody plays it much anymore.
,Recommended,394230,23660933,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,arnotts choc ripple,just f2p already.
,Recommended,394230,26125587,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Rogahar,"First off, let me begin by saying I LOVE this game. There's no other game that's genuinely quite like it, mixing the best elements of FPS and MOBA games into one gloriously over-the-top and often hilarious combat arena game.The characters and their assorted personalities and dialogues are so infinitely varied, from a snobbish hobo-phobic german clockwork robot to a giant australian monster with a prosthetic arm and even a penguin (who is, admittedly, piloting a heavily-armed mech suit), and their play styles all vary so greatly that any two games are guaranteed to be different."
,Recommended,394230,29070291,Posted: 6 January,all,cthomp415,"TL;DR = Super fun multiplayer game with almost no player base leftEDIT: Newest update has brought possibly tens of players back to the game, matchmaking is still extremely long. The new training mode is nice but my original review still stands. I'm probably going to have to give up the ghost now and just let this game die as there is rarely over 300 people playing at any given time anymore and all the planned DLC has been released. I seriously doubt that this game will see continued support or an increase in player base in the future.First things first, the player base is gone. There is an average of 200 people playing this game at any givin time now with a peak of 400 players in the last month and this is directly after the game went on a huge discount. So know that you will be waiting for matchmaking for a long time or playing what you can solo. Having said that, I will move on to something closer to an actual review.I love this game and have loved it since the beta last year. I really enjoy that there are several different game modes and only some of them are PVP style. This game has more depth and characters than pretty much any FPS I can think of. Every character feels unique and most have a distinctive playstyle. There is a ton of replayability and tons of things to unlock.EDIT: You can ignore this part as the newest update unlocks almost all characters for everyone without gringding.On that note, I'm actually a little dissapointed at how much work is needed to unlock characters in a game with nearly 30 playable options. It seems a shame that you have to grind so much to get each new character when there are so many to choose from and most prople will probably never get the opportunity to play as more than a dozen.To sum it all up nicely, I would highly recomend this game if you can get it at a high discount, but be aware that the player population is dieing off and it is getting increasingly difficult to get through matchmaking."
,Recommended,394230,29427386,Posted: 22 January,all,Mort Trevari,"First the good things:Great art design, character design and ideas in general. It has the Borderlands humor and the gameplay is a great mix of MOBA and FPS. If you just want a typical FPS, go play Capture.The roster of battleborn to choose form consists of 30 characters. Each is unique and have a huge amount of personality in all it does, says and how it plays.Examples:Pendles, newly added and is a snake like assassin and he focus on stealth and apearing when least expected. One of his passives is ""Corner Sneak"" which makes him almost completely invisible when he breaks line of sight with the enemy, ofcourse he becomes visible when he uses an ability or attacks.Galilea, she is almost completely melee and is a defender of her team. She has a shield that she can use to block damage, as per usual with shields. BUT here is one of the twists you can give the shield, when you block damage you charge her ""Dark Energy"" thing (makes her deal dps in an area around her plus more). She can also throw it and stun people, as her only ranged attack on lvl 1.Benedict, he is a bird with a rocket launcer. Not a new thing anymore with an airborn rocketeer, but it is a good idea after all. But they have nailed it with Benedict's playstyle. He is all about gliding in the air and firing rockets at the little kill-able ants, although the gliding actually feels more like flying to me. And he is the only almost fully airborn battleborn ""with rockets and♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. Now you might be thinking ""HA, that is precisly like Pharah from Overwatch!"". WRONG, her ""flying"" is more like managing a stat, rather than actual flying. With Benedict you just press and hold RMB and ther you go, you can then also use E to get some more altitude. But you dont have to focus both on aiming and managing fuel at the same time, not that it is hard to do.Each character is unique and feels different to play as, even after you have played for 200h+ like me at the time writing this. Ofcourse there are the basics. You run or sprint to a specific locatation find enemy and hurt enemy. But they ALL do it differently, even Oscar Mike And Whiskey Foxtrot who are made to feel similar when playing as them.All the animation are amazing when casting abilities, both for you and the person looking at you. 1 or 2 taunts could use a bit of a good touch though.Now the bad things:So little content to do it becomes very boring very quickly and the amount of credits required for anything else than a Core Loot Pack is a bit much. And the fact you have to pay for something knew to do or play as in a game like this is bad. It lock players away from each other and splits the already small player base.I think the amount of credits you get for the x2 credit event are just right for the game, considering the lack of stuff to do. In other words: Keep what currently is the double credits and make that the standard instead to make people feel like they are actually making some kind of progress.What you have now burns people out quickly and feels like boring and repetitive grinding. Even with friends and the wonderful characters to choose from, it is hard to not get burnt out within a few hours.I really want this game to do better, and i think it was a step in the right direction with the unlocking of all the core characters.Great game on so many things, but it's way of doing things takes away almost any redeeming it had. And the way and time it has been marketed makes most people think 1 of to things.1: Hey this seems like Borderlands 1 or 2, perhaps there will be a great amount of loot and an open world to explore.2: This seems a lot like Overwatch, therefor it most be solely focused on teambased PvP. Like in TF2.The result is that they buy the game expecting this, and gets none. Then they will try and get a refund and tells their friends to never even get close to this game. This game is part of all the things people are expecting, and still none of them. This game has it own genre, and should be shown as to have that.And to those comparing it to Overwatch, here are general the similarities: FPS, roster of ""heroes"", 3 abilities.But regarding the ablilities part, Battleborn has a far greater variety because of the Helix System.In each match you are going to level from 1-10 unlocking options to tweak or change the abilities, making them fit your playstyle much more. Even some gear can have an impact on a battleborn's abilities.In Overwatch you have 3 abilities per hero that never changes, done. Ofcourse it depends on you knowing when and how to use the, but so does it in Battleborn +the option to personalize them."
,Not Recommended,394230,22790794,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,dein,"How to play Battleborn (in its current state - and yes, even after winter update):1. Wait for half an hour (or longer) for a match.2. Be steamrolled and constantly taunted by a 5-man premade. Sometimes it's the other way around - beating of the helpless enemies near thir resp. But never an interesting and balanced match.3. Repeat (until you get tired and exit the game, that is).P. S. I was a big fan of this game. I really was. But even fan's patience can run out eventually. Devs spent their time by adding bells and whistles instead of fixing the main frigging thing which needed fixing: matchmaking."
,Not Recommended,394230,22844520,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,JerlBays,.
,Recommended,394230,23129558,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tom A. Virus,"Having played and really enjoyed Borderlands and its others I was looking forward to Battleborn and I happily parted with my money to purchase it, however as much as I enjoyed it I would not reccomend it to others due to several reasons:Good:Absolutely hilairous humor simlar to that of the borderlands franchiseThe characters are very unqiue and enjoyable to play with (Alot of thought went into the designs)Easy to play and understand, mostly click and shoot but the other elements can be both easy and challengingGearbox don't know how to balance things thus making some characters hilairously fun to playBad:The story is incredibly short and can be done quicky, even if you are taking your time and it gets boring very quicklyThe matchmaking in PvP is atrocious both in matching player levels and the balancing of the charactersDue to maybe said matchmaking the majority of players are most of the time very angry and sometimes abit salty and/or madGearbox don't know how to balance things so making game modes Dota-like is not a good move on their partIn Conclusion:Gearbox you make wonderful games, but your approach to PvP games well... it sucks balls (Look at Colonial Marines), this game should have solely focused on the story and never have had competitive games modes, sadly they were mostly added to compete with Overwatch.This game doesn't know if it wants to be a FPS, RPG or Dota-like game (MOBA is not a game genre otherwise every game would be one), it is unfortunte that this was hyped up at the same time as Overwatch (give or take) and as a result it had a lot to compete with.So as bad as this game is Gearbox please fix it, you say you have a 'Badass' fan base but you are doing very little to keep these people's trust, if you wanted to branch out into competitive games chose something abit more familar maybe a team deathmatch just to understand what your players/fans want.Then maybe just maybe this game could be good possibly brilliant, but at the moment DO NOT purchase this game, there will only be disapointment.If you you have been offended by anything mentioned in this review, If you are a sensible person please just really think about what this game is now and what it could become. If you are a die-hard fanboy for this game ignore this review as your minds can not be swayed because your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ness knows no bounds.EDIT 29 July 2016: Well... microtransactions. looks like the game will die before the dlcs are released, if not sooner.EDIT 22 Jan 2017: The Winter Update, well alot of things have been fixed.There is still the porblem of taking ages to finding players to play with/againist but mostly due to people leaving the game so we should play gearbox for that, however they are still trying to copy Overwatch what with the dlc characters and the in mission selection system but hey a least they dropped the price down, good job Gearbox you are learning at least.I don't have friends to play this with (Cause they abandoned this game) hence part of my negitivity, so if anyone still playing the game reads this stop being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and just help each other, then maybe Battleborn won't turn out like Evolved.So after the changes I will say this:If you friends to play this game with then yes get it you can have alot of fun.If you don't friends to play this game with don't get it, the community will only dissappoint you.So sod it, all in all I enjoyed most of it so yeah good game please make better :)"
,Not Recommended,394230,22792095,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Zarmbie,"Ehh, maybe not."
,Recommended,394230,25920066,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gold Leader,"UPDATED TO WIN 10 AND GAMES WORKS NEAR PERFECTLY NOW!There are still some stutters especially on the more colorful maps which I think could be improved upon, but the game is very playable. Queue times are 2-10 minutes right now, and it has been rare for it to reach the higher end of that. Wonderful game. Try it."
,Not Recommended,394230,23237722,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,johnweythek,"Buy it on sale only. I feel really ripped off with the extremely early price drop to compete with overwatch.Edit, this game died so fast. Was barely fun in the 1st place. Hope 2k wastes no more time on this and gives us borderlands 3 instead."
,Not Recommended,394230,23351210,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,slashz,"Edit: I ca't recommend this game, especially at the current price, because of circumstances outside the actual game itself, mainly the low number of active players split among several maps/modes.I still think it's a good game and does some parts better than other games (Yes, I play Overwatch.) but it all comes down to: No, I can't say this is a good buy at this point. More like ""a box of chocolates"". SAD!Original review, from 2 Jun, 2016:In summary: wait for a price drop and get it!*silent prayer for a 75% summer sale*The GoodIloveBorderlands. All of them, with a guesstimate of ~175 hrs playtime.I love Awesomenauts (320 hrs).I like Deltron 3030 too.When I play Battleborn, I feel like George Costanza in that episode where he eats a sandwich and listens to the game on the radio while making whoopie. Words fail me.The BadHow do you price something that's part FPS MOBA, part FPS co-op campaign? Apparentlywaylower than 50€.Despite not being the same thing (""The loudest voices have relentlessly, earnestly compared an aardvark and a six-inch meatball sub.""--Tycho, Penny Arcade) Overwatch has certainly Overshadowed the release of Battleborn. Marketing aside,I think pricing is what's keeping the numbers down for Battleborn.Although I bought the delux bundle,I'm hoping for this game to either become F2P (unlikely) or at least cut down to somewhere around 10-16€.I picked up Awesomenauts for less than 4€, played it, loved it and funded the Starstorm expansion with something like 60€. I wish I could have done the same for Battleborn.My heart goes out to all who bought the deluxe bundle at full price at launch, only to see it on a 40% sale weeks later.The UglySadly,the only publicity this game ever gets is the self-fullfilling prophecy of a declining player base. Something along the lines of""Actually, it's a neat game with depth. However, matchmaking suffers from the low number of players. Yeah, I know it just came out but this game is already DEAD!!1"". There are articles that don't even mention anything about the game but the latter, which I think isa tadunfair.If I'd read anything like that before purchasing the game, I'm not sure I would have bought the game, but I'm glad I did!And I'm not just saying that to justify that I spent money on it. I have no problems admitting a waste of money (like that Alienware Alpha I bought, ughhhh).WhileI DOagree that Battleborn can't make it from good to great without a substancial amount of players, I think it had been better if the game had gotten no publicity at all and maybe matured over time instead of left for dead by ""the loudest voices"" less than a month from release.If I was filthy rich, I'd subsidize Battleborn purchases. Too bad I'm not filthy rich. (I'm looking at you, Randy Pitchford!)"
76561197979281557,Recommended,394230,31444237,Posted: 29 April,all,marchfawn,I love this game! It's mindless fun. I get tired of playing a game where you have to worry about strategy  sometimes and you can just play a game like this and just start blowing things away!
76561198225098124,Not Recommended,394230,31455159,Posted: 29 April,all,Lord Ignus,"This is a depressing situation, much as I loathe to admit it.As someone who has played Battleborn, Overwatch, and Paladins, I have to say that I thought this game was probably the best. It just had more going for it: it had a story mode (even if it wasn't much), it had more unique game modes, more like an actual FPS/MOBA hybrid than a recycling of TF2's game modes. The characters were interesting and varied, and I immediately set goals of who I would try to unlock first (I basically started maining Ambra as soon as I got her). I didn't regret paying for this game when it came out. I still don't: even though I suck at FPS games and my computer strained to run this game, I enjoyed it.Unfortunately, the game is simply dead. Virtually no one is playing it; the last time I loaded it up, it took ages just to get a less-than-full party playing one of the story missions (I didn't try the PVP modes, mainly because with my computer, the performance level hinders my ability to play competitively. There might be more players there, but I've heard there aren't). So unfortunately, I can't recommend the game on that basis: it's a really fun game, but there are so few people to play it with that it probably is not worth your money. And I hate that.If the game ever goes free to play (as some have speculated it will), then I say give it a shot; I certainly will be back. Until then, RIP Battleborn."
,Recommended,394230,27781107,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FreakinFuzz,"Last time I wrote down a review (Posted: Nov 26, 2016 @ 11:33pm) I couldn't recommend this game because I could never get into a game and playing alone was pretty difficult.After the Uprising event in Overwatch it was pretty easy to talk a bunch of my OW friends into battleborn.So having FINALLY gotten to play through the whole game, do some pvp, and some of the end game stuff I can finally recommend this game....IF you have or can find people to play with. Sitting in que is still a huge problem and really the only thing that really sucks about the game.The game is fun, the writing is fantastic and extremely funny, and learning new characters is fun and feels rewarding.If you don't know anyone who already has the game its hard for me to suggest it, But if you don't mind sitting in a que for 15+ min and waiting for someone who will more then likely just bail, Then give it a try.I do stream Battleborn on the weekends so if anything come check it out! This is a REALLY great game that died too soon.https://www.twitch.tv/freakinfuzz"
76561198014104671,Not Recommended,394230,31783209,Posted: 16 May,all,Kyozaru,"Pros:+Wacky, Comical Shooter+Various characters offering a diverse playstyle+Mildly Challenging Campaign, playable alone or as a teamCons:-Comedy can be strained and displeasing-Matchmaking is arguably flawed, long wait times for game sessions-Small, diminishing community, further making matchmaking difficult-Competitive Multiplayer balancing issues? (I don't PvP)-Grindy, requires many game sessions for a chance at decently good progression, value of progression benefits also dubiousBeing a light fan of gearbox (specifically Borderlands), I feel that this game probably had numerous options available for what it could have successfully been but had the bad luck of jumping on a gaming trend at a bad time. Its comparison (Self-Comparison?) to Blizzard's Overwatch labeled it as a competitor rather than an alternative and...well...didn't really work out in the end.I bought this at a heavy discount and finished the campaign (all by my damn self). Regrettably when a game thats entertainment value is heavily dependent on multiplayer loses much of that multiplayer community, the game declines easily.I would have loved if this game had open-world exploration and combat like the borderlands series, but I suppose that would be asking too much. For now and probably from here on, this game sits on the shelf untouched."
,Recommended,394230,31814271,Posted: 17 May,all,that new car smell,it gets more♥♥♥♥♥♥than it disurves
76561198087621168,Recommended,394230,27853288,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CaptainEvil!,im not crying there is just something in my eyesi wish this game had a good wait time not this 30minutes in lobby just to find one person that disconnects
76561197979128356,Recommended,394230,28514644,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,zedan1208,"A fantastic game. So much content (and replayability). Having spent 200 hours plus in Overwatch I can honestly say that this is a much better game. I would've played no other game but Battleborn this year but for the disappointing player numbers. It is a real shame because this game deserves a lot better. A great game, grab it on sale if you can (PvE content alone is worth playing)."
76561198050306980,Recommended,394230,31908406,Posted: 22 May,all,No_Money_No_Honey,:)
76561198097420605,Recommended,394230,22848104,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tuio,"At first i must say that i really always wanted to play this game, i bought it a long time ago, before it's release, and back there it was really hard to play, since everyone assumed it was exactly like overwatch and chose to buy overwatch instead. This game it's totally different to Overwatch, and since it's now free, it deserves your attention, really, it's a great game, and for a free game, it's outstanding"
,Recommended,394230,22801360,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DeltaBook™,This Game was awesome in the beginning but than more and more players  left i hope making it F2P will revive this game.
76561198036554932,Recommended,394230,28019976,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nexus-Prista,"Now with this ""Not a free to play,just a trial"" thing,I think they are going to the better way for Battleborn. A guy name Jythri (I think) on Gearbox forum said the Winter update will fix horrible FPS lags especially for Jennerit map,they did. And now things are starting to get better for this game now. The only thing that they have to try to fix are character balance and maybe the good server location especially for Asia(they currently did the former. I think they could overall buff all of the characters in the NOT op ways and not underated ways,like,to make characters' purposes pop-up. For example compare to Attikus and Phoebe when the former has more ""tanky"" while the latter is more of bee sting. I don't want to see like characters in a game that is just doing nothing but dealing damage only. It should have something like attacker/debuffer defender/intiator support/ambusher etc.)The server decision is up to 2K though I think)By the way I have to admit that the base game missions are just too same o'l. If they wish to make additional story missions that is not OPs they would fix this (and too difficulty spike,ahem Rendain ahem)I only hope that they will be able to raise this game in a better way again. Some say it's impossible for this game. But then,how can Rainbow 6's Siege can? That game suffered the same thing like Battleborn did. Be it graphical issues,h**kers,connection issues,etc. If both 2K and Gearbox can unite and be able to do the things correctly,they will keep the lights on for sure. (or they both would have reputation problems with their future games.)PS Below is the review that I once get this game a long time ago though. Feel free to rea it.PS2 Oh and maybe how about making a promotion something like free newbie loot packs for the newbie players to be able to start on they own before jump into story mode or PvP mode?PS3 Below review got 5/9 thumbs up though. Just want to keep it as a memory. :P------------------The game is fun...Funnier than Overwatch and less boring than Paladins. Those games seem to have only capture and payload modes. This game has those modes too but more fun and really good tactics. Capture is capture. Meltdown is Payload mixes (a train will be a wave of monsters that you have to send to ""the gate"" to gains score). Incursion is unique MOBA style gameplay but it is really harder than what you could expect from usual MOBA game). And face-off is a mode that you can get scores from defeating Varelsi then send its face to a collector. Better than just go to point A/B/C and sit down there and the usual train escorts. Also who cares about play of the game when you can just taunt? But maybe Benedict totally needs new non-meme/pop-culture taunts (the new one is good,but it can be better).The game's ideas and graphic designs are cool...Many species and much more creative than national-stereotype/pop-culture based characters for Overwatch (Many characters such as D.VA are not that creative compare to a PENGUIN in a mech-suit...who would thought a Penguin can be this creative) and the less creative than Paladins (Drogoz and Fernando have nice designs though. Rarely see an Iberia knight with a big flamethrower and a dragon with a rocket launcher without a totally warmonger attitude). Characters like Attikus,Toby,Kleese,Marquis,and Deande are rarely seen in the game industry because most of the characters nowadays are nothing but same ol' too lean or just usual stereotype like big muscles = stupid (like Reinhardt) or females = big attractive chest and skinny (like D.VA. or a female protagonist from Ghost in the shell. Seriously can't the creators nowadays make more diversity female characters like Zarya or even more proper covert operatives like Mellka??). At least this game has more diversify characters like Attikus (he is a big musclegut who is not totally stupid like the guy I mention above. I like both char though) or Pendles or Alani who is not your usual stereotype characters (the former is more of a...sassy annoying assassin XCOM2 stealth-phase soldier while the latter is hot-blooded water elemental character). Rendain is a boring and just usual kill anyone-centric character though.This game is...unfortunately has really bad things happens to it. Someone claims this game to be Overwatch copy which I tried both and it's no way to be Overwatch clone. This game is too unique like I said above to be a clone...And no obvious weird attractors too,seriously.This game also failed to adjust PC optimization too. They seem to think BL formula can be the same so they put so many unadjustable details like Napalm or other effects that will constantly drain computer resources + lower FPS in advance. It can be better if they change them to a better way. It can be better if they change them to a better way for many PC ages (I meant for not too old PC/notebook). Unlike console,PC requires much better optimization and more care than consoles. And seriously ALL Jennerit maps are too lag and unplayable. FPS dropped a lot! And most of the maps are really lagging. I can play freely just for Capture Eldrid map and almost ok for Monuments. Also where is the skip cutscene button?Also a writer in this game is just based on memes and pop-culture too much. It can be better if they don't tie-in so many things like taunts or dialogues to be too pop-cultures. Maybe they should ask a writer to try again like what Attikus' noir-tastic or Toby operation's less same 'ol dialogue?All in all,this game's aesthetics are nice and unique..but suffer horribly for technical issues and some of the obsolete things that they forgot to change or edit it. I have to adjust graphics manually with the help of a guide here otherwise I will not be able to play this game. Unless you have latest computer hardwares and softwares or a console,you should wait this game until they fix the issues. If you don't have any technical issues then this game would be fun for you. For now I will leave this here,I'm not using Rath's joke you know :P .I am sure that my feedback here could be useful for the developers and useful for players to decides to play this game soon.And by the way,if developers read this, PLEASE DO NOT abandon this game too fast ok? It's just less than a year and I see this game to have much more potential than most of the MOBA games that just follow the same patterns all the time. Maybe you would care the newborn but kinda broken Attikus more than NurseNina,no?"
,Recommended,394230,23148377,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Moodge,"The roster is now not locked, so the game is great. This was the major complaint I had and it has been resolved."
,Recommended,394230,22767599,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Hagi_DB,"Just play it please, then judge it yourself..The ""free trial"" isn't really a trial, it's unlimited.. the only limitation is non-PVP content..You people been whining about dying playerbase, this ""free trial"" is our chance to resurrect the playerbase.."
76561198036230105,Not Recommended,394230,22927390,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Chuck,GARBAGE GAME
,Recommended,394230,23078037,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Eraserhead,"Updating review because we need more people to play. They fixed a lot of stuff, not as bad as it used to be."
76561198135308971,Recommended,394230,30880544,Posted: 1 April,all,PeppermintTree,"Just deleted my negative review of the game. F2P seems to work: we now have someone to play with in PvP. I notice that the game itself is so cool now that I have fun even when losing because of newbie teammates.Now when it's F2P PvP no one has excuse not to play the game. It's definitely worth trying especially if you like games like Smite (which I still play and love).Characters are cool, attacks and abilities are interesting and visually gorgeous, character progression choices during matches change gameplay very noticeably (I play Ambra mostly and after getting lvl 7 fireballs augmentation she's quite a different character).This is FPS/MOBA hybrid done in interesting way, there are some balance issues (e.g. there's consensus that Ghalt and Boldur are OP - but you still can win against them with skill) but absolutely playable."
,Not Recommended,394230,22916180,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sanguine Rose,"I have wanted this game to succeed for so long. I wanted it to be popular. It has failed to gather attention, and the fault for this does not lie in the game itself, or its concept, or even its gameplay.No, the fault lies with the development team. By consistently making poor choices and making almost no attempt to advertise the game's launch or any of their major updates, such as the winter update which overhauled virtually the entire UI, or the extremely recent ""Free Trial,"" which would have better been described as ""F2P multiplayer,"" The dev team has quickly driven this beautiful game into the ground.How is this possible? How does a development team, which initially had a such a great idea, completely ruin a game? I believe the best metaphor for this situation would be to compare the game to a car.Imagine a Ferrari. Beautiful exotic sports car, elegant, functional, damned impressive and (maybe not) worth the big price tag. Now imagine that instead of advertising via commercials, billboards, or any other proven successful ad method, Ferrari decided to dedicate its entire advertisement revenue on a two-sentence ad in a local newspaper. It's vague. It reveals precious little of what they're actually selling. Most importantly, it doesn't really tease the potential buyer with visual eyecandy or an impressive in-action performance.Naturally, no matter how great a product is, and no matter what you sell it for, if you don't advertise well, your initial buyer's market will be undeniably small. Worse yet, Let's say that Ferrari released this new model practically right alongside some other high-end sports car, which advertised itself much better and made damn sure the majority of their prospective audience took notice. Now, not only do few people know about this new model, but it's overshadowed by another, similar product, and with a smaller price tag at that.This is where the car metaphor comes in handy, because up until now, I could have been talking about any product. So, the car isn't selling. It's no fault of the car itself, just bad advertising and a poorly timed release. So rather than approach the real problem...They start tinkering with the car itself. And in all the wrong ways. Taking out small comforts that'd otherwise be standard, such as power windows, air conditioning, etc. They make the car less appealing but keep the same price tag from the beginning, and continue to fail to advertise it.Eventually you're left with the car-equivalent of Battleborn: It's a beautiful concept, and would be so damned impressive if it hadn't had half of the things gamers would otherwise take for granted ripped out of it.TL;DR It literally gets worse with every update, and even when they do something right(such as the ""Free Trial"") they don't tell a damned soul about it except the people who already have the god damned game."
76561197999003087,Recommended,394230,24717533,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Awful,"This is one of my favorite multiplayer games.  The characters are fantastic and fun, the gameplay is beautiful, the only downside is the low (and somewhat toxic) playerbase."
76561198083497212,Not Recommended,394230,23228332,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,mmirate,"Highly unoptimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Runs at <20fps on minimal settings, on the same computer that runs BL:TPS at 45fps."
,Not Recommended,394230,27328626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dhrenzen,"After over a year, still the same issue. There are memory loading inefficiencies such that I somehow miss character select for any game the 1st game of the day. I see a loading screen for around 6 minutes, and then am a random character at around 3-4 minutes into the match. I have amazing hardware, and waiting/optimizing load times for content is super easy. I can't believe this game still functions like an alpha client. Such promise & direction, terrible execution."
,Not Recommended,394230,31664225,Posted: 10 May,all,Garble Master,Was and still is a fun game. Unfortunately the online community was* nearly dead.EDIT*: The free trial brought a surge of people back to the game. Now is the best time to play/purchase the game if you are interested. It really is a lot of fun.PvP Matchmaking can drag on a little bit sometimes but for the most part it's been pretty quick.I would recommend this game to MOBA players more than shooter players.EDIT EDIT**: Back to not recommended. Was and still is a ton of fun but there just isn't the playerbase to hold it up anymore. You might be able to get into some bot matches and/or play some story missions but that's about it.
,Not Recommended,394230,22786451,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,RedAssassin53,"Game is pretty much dead, was good while it lasted, but with no playerbase, I do not recommend it at all."
76561198038398765,Recommended,394230,34363279,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr Bear Hat,"Ah Battleborn, where to begin. Well i bought the game reluctantly at first, this was due to be pressured by a friend to. But i bought it and well I was pleasantly suprised to say that this is a good game. A lot of people like to overshadow it saying that its an ""overwatch"" just like any game thats fps and has ability system is OVERWATCH right? I digress this game isn't overwatch and never will be. this game takes a proper moba format with turrets and base cores and fuses it with a fps. The characters in this game are wacky and have their own personality. Going free to play was a good choice for this game as before we could not find matches whereas now we can. Now thats its free to play I would honestly suggest giving this game a go so you can see for yourself that it isnt like overwatch and is its own style. I mean what is to lose other than some hard drive space."
,Recommended,394230,23107726,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Destoro,Heartbreaking what happened to this game
76561198154246956,Recommended,394230,35505817,Posted: 5 October,all,FlareEternal,"This game has been amazing to play. I hope the people who read this will give it an honest try though it is extremely hard to get a 5v5 game the bot games are just as fun and the community is very welcoming to all new players. I play this game every day and i will continue to do so as time goes on. dont let the ""free trial"" fool you the games multiplayer aspects are 100% free with no time limit. Please give the game a try it deserves that much and id love to see and experience the day when 5v5 games can be played"
