user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197996856755,Not Recommended,394310,25460438,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TheFencer,"This game starts off promisingly. It has all the right elements needed to make a good management game--and I love management games! But the thing is, unlike most management games, Fight Club doesn't want me to succeed. It wants me to fail.At its simplest definition, the goal here is to improve your stats (and skills) to win matches. However, your stats degrade at great amounts everyday. So the challenge here is to train and train to increase your stats more than they decrease. The problem is they decrease A LOT, and the game puts forward ridiculous barriers to seemingly make sure that even at your best, your stats increase at the slowest pace possible (and at your worst, they actually decrease). Just to illustrate:- The job that pays the most pays $50 per round and the other job closer to your house pays $30, but the most efficient food costs $20 and fills up less than half of your food meter.- Having a sparring match with your trainer to get skill points costs $20.- The gym costs $10 per entry- If you earn more than $250, you get robbed, because this game does not want you to ever accumulate money.- You can only store 7 pieces of each food item, so it doesn't want you to accumulate food either.- All of these are located in different areas which takes time to get to, and the more you waste the hours of your day walking around, the more your stats decrease.This results in a lot of grinding and managing your time and money PERFECTLY just to make sure your stats don't decrease more than they increase. And that's fine. I'm fine with grinding, and management games are called that because it's all about managing your resources efficiently. My problem with this in this game is that it gets disheartening. It wants you to regress as hard as it can. It wants you to save $250 to get that gym equipment only to be robbed on the way to the store. It wants you to prepare for your match and reach 15 agility only to reach the next day and be back at 14. It wants you to meticulously plan your day, only to be dragged into an event you didn't expect and get beaten by a much harder opponent and lose bars you've worked hard to fill. This is that rare management game that wants to rob you of that feeling of progression.I stuck through this game because I thought it would get better once you get stronger. It didn't. The stats just get harder to train and easier to lose. I eventually gave up near the end thinking that I've wasted my time."
76561198012531787,Not Recommended,394310,20715630,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,[Oath] Gaminnewf,"If you want to win, go way of the Tiger with an agility build. If you want to take longer to win than your base building sessions in Fallout 4, then by all means, pick the other two inferior paths.I really want to like this game, because it's art style, music and call backs to 80 - 90's martial arts movies makes the game quite charming and enjoyable. It's a tragic shame that four severe factors corrodes this enjoyment:1.The crippling stat decay system: training or not, your progress will drop by roughly 50 % everyday regardless.  Either the devs never exercised in their lives or they REALLY wanted to add micro payments in their game to mitigate this effect but were deathly afraid of having their small building burned to the ground.2.Disappointing story for the champion path:  If you wanna play a hero, look elsewhere, because the game will punish you by eventually becoming a commercialized tool instead of a boxer and have a weak as heck ending to top it off. If this was supposed to be a nod to Rocky 3, then they nodded so hard, their nose busted on the counter.3.RNG: Aside from picking your moves before the fight, you have no control of combat whatsoever, you have to pray to RNGesus that your fighter not only attacks, but follow up with more afterwards and not stare into his opponent's eyes likes he's falling in love.4.Severe balance issues:  Like I said, if you want the less stressful path possible, then go agility, because having to hit and avoid damage is far more preferrable than taking hits as the RNG system screws you over because your fighter felt like taking hits than giving them, running out of stamina and eventually losing. The more strength you have the more tired you get, as stamina doesn't regenerate as much as it should, unless you have skills that increase your chances as you get up from the floor.There is, of course the common complaint of repetiveness of going through your ""simmy"" routines, but if these four glaring issues were mostly addressed, I would of forgave this.  Unfortunately it only adds to the tedium of this game.If you want to buy this game for the call backs and asthetics, I won't stop you, but you've have been warned."
76561198038132122,Recommended,394310,32540755,Posted: 18 June,all,ForestWolf,"Rating: good (7/10)IntroductionPunch Club is an oldschool arcade fighting manager. I dont call it simulator, because you dont actually fight with your character, you only train it and decide, how it will become stronger.Gameplay & Story: 7/10The story is something from the Kung-Fu 90s movies - you are to avenge your fathers death so you have to train harder and become one of the champions to challenge the bad guy. The gameplay takes a bit getting used to and there are actually quite few tricks you have to find out, before managing to proceed further with story. The gameplay is based around managing your character, deciding when to fight, train, eat, sleep and work for money. The story is really well combined with side quests - you feel like every character in the game has its place and is somehow connected to your main story. Besides that, you will have some decisions in the game, that will change how you will proceed and finish the game. There are two main quest lines of which you can pick only one. The ending is not absolutely satisfying, but the road there was much fun and some side-quests had nice dialogs and the reference to famous fighting movies, games and super-heroes magazines are amazing.Combat & Challenge : 8/10The combat in Punch Club is heavely luck based, especially if you take agility based builds. You can win a fight without taking a single blow and knocking your opponent in the first round, but you can also lose without hitting the enemy once because ""RNGesus"" is spitting on you. It is nice you can speed up the combat to x4 speed because when farming achievements or replaying the game it gets boring to watch the passive fights. Since you cannot control anything during the fight itself, the only thing to do for you is swapping the skills between rounds if needed or getting the experience which skills to get next to beat the opponent you lost against.The game is quite challanging because of ""stat decay"", that means your fighting abilities dwell over time, so you have to carefully plan when to train and when to work for cash to be able to feed yourself. If you play the game on ""Hard"", it gonna definetely take some time to beat it especially if its your first run.Graphic & Interface : 6/10Retro style graphic absolutely fit the game and there are some nice details here and there to look for. The small details greatly increase the immersion and make the game more fun (for example take a look at who is standing outside Apu's shop, or the pictures hanging in some houses, etc.). The interface is simple and offers not many functions, maybe lacking a bit in flexibility. It would be nice to set-up how many hours you want to train on a bench or to what exhaustion level you want to work. The game is based around decisions made for your character, but the interface does not provide all needed tools for perfection.Progress & Mini-Games : 6/10The progress depends heavily on the difficulty you picked. On the hardest difficulty the progress becomes quite grindy, since you have to ""work, eat, sleep, repeat"" a lot. Then you lock yourself for few days in the gym training to be able to take 1-2 fights and you are out of cash again, so the cycle starts again.On the middle difficulty the progress is much quicker, so it is possible to finish the game in few hours achieving the hidden 100 days achievement. Sadly, on certain phases of the game it does not let you progress quick enough by holding back the fights telling you the opponent gonna be ""read in few days"". It slows you down unnessesary, but gives you some more time for training.There are no activities to be considered mini-games in Punch Club, so this point is not taken into rating.Audio & Immersion : 7/10The music and audio in generel absolutely fit the style of the game. Retro sounds to retro graphics make you feel like playing this old coin machines that were standing in clubs in the 90s. The game has nice details for immersion, some side effects like flashing graphics and squicky sounds that increase the immersion effect at the right spots in the game.Side-NotesThis game is single player only.This game contains steam achievements.This game offers replayability for further 2-3 runs. You can either try the other side of the story or different skill builds.This game offers some play time for its price - it took me 30 hours to finish the game twice on both story sides including one hardcore run and getting most achievements.SummaryPunch Club is so far the best fighting manager in retro look. The game has great feeling and immersion, especially if you loved oldschool Kung-Fu or fighting movies and has tons of references to movies and characters somehow connected to fighting. It offers nice challenge, replayability value and impactful story decisions.I hope this review helps you making the decision if its worth buying this game. Rate and leave a comment if you enjoyed reading it.~ForestWolf"
,Not Recommended,394310,23391961,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Eric Draven,"I feel bad giving this game a negative review because I really wanted to love it. I loved all the TV and movie references sprinkled around the world (Fight Club, Rocky, Snatch, TMNT, Pulp Fiction, etc, etc.) I just felt ultimately everything gets way too repetitive. The training and working you have to be in a constant balancing act doing days and days and days of keeping stats and money in check while making sure you have enough food to be able to not starve. Just seems like way too much time doing this stuff instead of getting to fight. The fighting feels pretty shallow too, overall. Didn't thrill me at all. Also, no variety in music. After a couple hours I had to just mute the music and play my own so I didn't blow my brains out."
,Recommended,394310,23532280,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Coppershoe,"This is a fighter-management game, with no active fighting involved.  You never press a button to throw a punch, nor do you press a key to dodge.  There is no action.  Instead, you earn and then select skills your fighter will use in a dice roll round of a fight.  After a short 15 second round, you can change the skills your fighter uses... if you've earned those skills.The problem with the game is that it becomes difficult to earn the experience points needed to gain new skills.  It turns into a grind.  I've been a RPG player since the NES days.  I like a grind.  I actually miss the grind of the early days of video games, where you'd spend an hour killing the same slime over and over only to move up to red slime.  But, there is something frustrating about this game.  You actually move backwards.  If you can't kill the red slime, you end up fighting the blue slime all over again.  And while that's not horrible, it's infuriating when you've killed a dragon, made a few mistakes and are suddenly back on blue slimes again - facing hours of work to get back up to par.  Although it can be frustrating, I didn't mind that much.  Once I realized that Punch Club favored a serious, rather than casual attitude, I was fine with it, but just be aware that some mistakes or really unlucky dice rolls can set you back and cost some time.Your fighter has 4 basic stats: health, hunger, happiness, and energy.  You can heal health, energy and happiness by sleeping.  However, you will grow hungry.  You also will not gain happiness at the same rate as the rest.  So, you can watch TV, which fills up your happiness, but costs energy and hunger.Food costs money.  Money costs hunger, energy and happiness.  So you need a lot of money, which requires a lot of work and stat management.  That's fine on it's own.  However, food costs a bit too much, andit's hard to maintain the blanace, especially when you remember that this is a fighter-tycoon game.You'll also need to manage three fightings stats: Power, Dexterity, and Stamina.  These start at level 1 and as you earn money and food, you can spend your free time in your garage gym, or at a proper gym. You can hit level 2 or 3 in all of these stats if you enter the proper gym in just 10 or so minutes.  BUT - there is STAT DECAY!  By this I mean that if you do not lift and run each day in game, you will lose power, dexterity, and stamina each day!  This is an integral part of the game, and managing this is part of the challenge.  However, I personally found the decay to be a bit too harsh, but not bad enough to warrant a negative review; and I'm sure some players love it.  Just be aware of the mechanic.Thankfully, the game has skills you can earn from fight victories, which allow you to cap fighting stats to base levels.  The first is 4.  So, if you want to focus on one of the three fight stats, you can limit your decay.  once you reach level 4 and apply the skill, you will never sink below level 4 in Power, Dexterity, nor Stamina.But - it takes a few hours to even earn one of these skills.  Skill are cumulative, too!  So, ""Punch"" costs one skill point.  ""Kick"" will then cost 2 points.  The next skill will cost 3.  Then 4, 5, 6... and so on.  Even if you become the boxing master and have every sing fight-fighting skill available, you'll then need to pay a bazillion skill points to earn a basic kick skill.And then there are limits.  Let's say you forgo fighting and just earn money for a home gym!  You'll fight unbeatable opponents who steal half your money.  You need to play the way the director wanted.This game is insanely grindy.  The metrics for gains are extremely tight.  Any error hurts your character. You'll lose fights, have stats drop to zero, and just screw up your health, hunger, happiness, and energy stats.I think that's okay.  It's incredibly frustrating at times, but I don't mind a grind.  I don't mind watching my 16-but figher just punch and kick for hours on end with no input from me - just balancing numbers...I am looking forward to mastering this game.  And once you get past the casual appearance of the game an take it seriously, you'll get a lot more out of it.But, if you want to spend 20 minutes here and there making a boxer or UFC Champ, you will not find that here.  This game will eat up your time and life for at least 20+ hours.Pesonally, I liked it, and I didn't even discuss the atmosphere which is a total homage to the 1990's.  This is full of TMNT and Silent Bob type gags.If you want a grind.  If you want a challenge.  Then go for it.  It's cheap.  It's pretty fun, but don't expect a casual tycoon experience.  You'll need to put up a fight here."
,Not Recommended,394310,21713750,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Techno Maestro,"Punch Club is one of those games that has an amazing concept, but a fundamentally flawed execution. The idea of a fighting game RPG has a lot of depth to it - mixing together different skills, changing tactics between rounds, that part of the game was fun, early on at least. The game drags itself out by being a grind fest of spending in game weeks in the gym trying to outpace your stat decay, fights once you hit a certain point are simply click a button and win if you have an Agility build, and the story of the game feels incomplete at the end.The game HAD promise, but it has no way to maintain momentum through to the end of the game. And therein lies the main issue: You're constantly fighting against this downward drag the whole game by trying to keep your stats up against the daily decay, that it becomes unbearable and the ending left me utterly dissappointed.Save yourself the money, watch a playthrough of it first before even considering picking this up.Edit: Clarified the term ""weeks"" to in game weeks. The game tracks how many days you spend playing, so activities cost time - At the end of the day, you lose an arbitrary amount of the stats you've built up, so you spend a LOT of time doing nothing but working out, which is unfun."
76561197990724976,Recommended,394310,20438711,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Invenuz,"Deep beneath the wave of massive hate and dislike on this game, I have to recommend it. It's hard. It has a high end curve of learning. Especially at the beginning. The game doesn't really points out what are you supposed to do with certain characters or if it's better to work at the pizzeria rather than at the construction, but this means that it is up to the player to find out what is best. Better start to pay attention to the mechanics of the game. The game puts the player in the position to dig and learn about it, rather than showing everything just from the start. Better start another game if you find out that you are losing more stats than gaining, or learning that is better to rotate exercises than just keep doing the same one all over again. Nonetheless, the game does gives you advice and it is up to the player if he wants to really hear them or just keep playing and being ""punished"" for not listening. For example: there is a point at the start of the game where Frank calls you and tells you to read a little magazine he had when he was young fighter just like you. There, the game mildly tells you that you shouldn't focus in increasing all of your stats, but strive for just one. Thus putting you to embrace only agility, stamina or strength. But also, you shouldn't focus only in increasing your stat, but in learning a new move or skill daily. Yeah, this straightforward advice will be necessary later in the game. So, you should put attention to every detail of advice the game gives you and start recording every info or mechanic you discover because you are on your own to find out how to beat this game. The fun is in the actual play & learn, the funny tidbits and references to pop-culture, and discovering mechanics so that you can improve progressively. After you discover how it works, you'll fly smoothly throught it."
76561198134361442,Not Recommended,394310,23759837,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ESF47,"The first hour of the game, I was feeling really good. Everything was perfect. But after a while, the game progress became very unfair.There is a gym in this game which you can use to train your body and get stronger. For each time you want to use gym, you have to pay to get inside. The game suggests you to buy stuff like treadmill and things like that to have a little personal gym in your garage, which it requires so much money, So I decided to quit fighting for a while. I focused on working so I could make money. I used part of that money to feed myself but I saved most of the earned money. My body got weak because of working and also I had not enough time to practice and get strong. Anyways, I saved enough money after a couple of days and I went to buy stuff for my garage. Unfortunately, when I was on my way to store, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stood in my way and asked me to give him my money. I refused to do that, and I tried to fight. As I said before, because I had no practice, my body was weak and the robber beat me up and also he took half of my money. I thought its just an random event, so I accepted it. I started again. I saved money, and I went to buy my stuff, but guess what, the robber apeared again, he took my money and also beat me up. I got a little upset this time. But I accepted it again. I began to do the same things... but everything happend again, for the third time. This time, I was really mad.I wasnt disappointed. I decided to start again. But this time, I was so hungry and I couldnt buy food because I had no money. I needed to get a job to earn money but I had no energy to work. To fill my energy bar, I needed to sleep, but I also couldnt sleep becasue I was so hungry... You see? It was an infinite false loop.I check the credits... There is a guy there who is responsible for game balance. I'm asking that guy, Did you really balance this game? Because literally, there are some points that player can not pregress any further, and player has no choise except restarting the game, and this is very sad...You know what? I feel really sorry for this game."
,Not Recommended,394310,20410241,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Downpouring,"The game has a ton of potential, and could have been a very entertaining fight club RPG, but doesn't execute it correctly.Pros: 80/90's graphics and sounds, Skill trees are interesting, TMNT and Fight Club references. Also just realized Vincent and Jules are in the Cafe, lol. The fighting is pretty fun, especially when you unlock a new ability.Cons: Attempting to balance your workout schedule and keeping up with your needs gets very tedious, very fast. This would be the perfect game if it weren't for the fact that you have to constantly stop what you're doing to focus on a need like eating or sleeping. Out of food? You need to earn some with Money. Out of Money? You need to spend time at work. Work wearing you out? You need to sleep and lose all of that food you just bought. In the limited spare time you have, workout your skills and watch as they deplete every single day that you have to spend working or sleeping. Oh, and when you finally get the time to save up enough money to purchase your own equipment, you apparently have a high chance of getting stopped by a mugger who will fight you and take half your cash if he wins.If you can get over the ""Needs"" Gameplay and find a balance/schedule that works for you, you'll enjoy this game. Otherwise look elsewhere.EDIT on 1/10/2016: Continued playing this game switching from my Strength build to a pure Agility build, from what I can see this is probably the easiest way to advance quickly. The devolopers were correct, after you start winning fights you will eventually snowball and money and time is much easier to manage.I don't want to spoil the storyline, but I reached a certain point where food and sleep was readily available for free, but at that point in the game it became an even more insane grind fest. The point is to train as much as possible while building up a resource that is needed to fight famous fighters. It's fairly easy to earn this resource, but it will still be several hours of pure grinding out your stats (Agility) just to keep up with them. At this point I stopped playing because the grinding got to me.After switching from Strength to Agility, I did enjoy the game because it was much, much easier to win fights and subsequently easier to make money and train/learn new abilities. I still do not recommend this because of the sheer fact that the entire premise of the game is to simply grind one Stat and doing the same thing hour after hour to try to progress slowly just to grind more isn't entertaining. From everything I've seen, Strength and Stamina are extremely difficult to use. My one recommendation I have to developers is to please slightly decrease the amount of training you lose at the end of each day. Thank you!"
,Not Recommended,394310,25561492,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,light_bringer777,"This is one of those games where I wish I had a neutral option for this review.I loved the game. I also hated the game.And I ended up liking it again because I cheated. In short, I absolutely love the gameplay and the game in general, but the kinda slow pacing of every action and the stat decay... oh the stat decay...Imagine saving up enough money to spend a full 24 hours at the gym, training to raise your stats, only to lose _all of it_ the next 2 days at work. I've never heard of an athlete becoming a total weakling after 2 days of rest. The game is mostly rushing to get the perks that stops your stats from dropping below a certain point, which completely takes away the goal of training in the first place.I wanted to love this game so god damn much, but after a few hours I just gave up and cheated to see the rest of the game (which by the way was awesome). Such a shame that a simple mechanic made it completely unplayable, at least in my opinion.I really loved this game for the first few minutes, and hated it so much as time went into it..."
,Not Recommended,394310,21395220,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Raven,"I was really excited for this game right before it was released.Then, I started playing it. :(It's much too grindy because the stat decay is BRUTAL. In a nutshell, you have to both work to make money and train to raise your physical stats. No matter how much you train, you will always lose some stat progress. ALWAYS. And, you have to work in order to buy food so you don't starve. So, if you spend time making money, that's time you DON'T spend training, so you're not making up for any stat decay you're going to get overnight.Additionally, the fights are infuriating. You choose your moves, and then the fight starts and... you watch.  That's it. You watch. You can NOT affect the outcome of the fight while the fight is in progress. So, when your character is getting his♥♥♥♥♥kicked, you can just sit there and watch him and hope he doesn't get knocked out so you can, if you have them, switch moves in between rounds.Art is nice. I love well done pixel graphics. Idea is nice. Execution is very poor.They really need to do something about the brutal stat decay."
,Not Recommended,394310,20423736,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Hunter-Killer25,"The game looks nice and looks like it has a lot of promise, but it lacks depth. The skill tree is basically just for looks, it feels like completely linear progression no matter what. Grinding out money so you can feed yourself gets very repetitive and boring, like they specifically designed it to pad the game time.Theres not enough in it to keep the game fresh. It feels like you're doing the exact same thing over and over, no matter what point in the game you're at.It's ok for killing time, but I look back and regret the time I spent playing this game... And thats never a good sign."
76561198062930115,Recommended,394310,21513722,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"Punch Club is branded as a tycoon management game with simulation and RPG mechanics. While that is not neccesarily a lie or a shady way of representing what the game really is, I personally view is as a casual coach simulation game. You are both the main protagonist's personal trainer when it comes to fitness and training, and coach when it comes to selecting which skills should he use in combat or learn as he improves. It is your task to guide him in his quest to become a world-renowned fighter and discover who killed his father and why.Let's take a look at the good, the bad, and... the dubious.The Good:1. The game is extremely atmospheric.2. Awesome soundtrack, which is extremely catchy - this is my second favorite catchy tune after the original King's Bounty main theme in the 90's.3. Lots of easter eggs hidden throughout the in-game locations, referencing fighting video games, movies and cartoons.4. Free DLC - the devs announced a free 3-hour content addition to the game, in which the main protagonist takes a more vigilante-style approach to things. It is good to see that the developers actually care for their clientelle and not try to milk them for cash. had they done the opposite, I would have given them the thumbs down.5. Meaningful choices - selecting which path to take (leagues, underground fights, skill trees, being good, breaking bad, etc.) makes for good replayability.6. Good price vs gameplay hours ratio - if you want to try all 3 aspects, and with a single run lasting 8+ hours (more with the free dlc in march), you will be looking at a good price/hours played ratio.7. On a personal note, the game actually motivated me to do more push-ups and to exercise more than I used to... This must be a good thing, right?The Bad:1. Realism - to say that this game is rather unrealistic is an understatement. From healing a broken arm or leg in 4 days to losing stats every day... please, don't get me started.2. The story is like a second grade action movie - it is serviceable, but ultimately subpar.3. More of a clicker than a management game - there is a lot of clicking and no management, to put it simply.4. Content - the game sorely needs more content, and while more of it is coming next month, I sure hope it finally forces players to leave the mansion rather than just spend hours and hours on end in it.5. You can lose fights through no fault of your own - there is no skill-based combat, and you can do little to influence the outcome - you just select a setup and click fight, maybe change it between rounds... and just watch animations while the game does it all in the background. Hence the casual aspect of the game...6. The dialogue is non-existent - you will be going through the very same lines over and over till your head explodes.7. The learning curve in the game is quite high - mainly because the game does a poor job at giving you precise info what some skills do, or how the training device impacts the stats. While the bubbles are cute to watch fly up and fill in bars, I would have enjoyed a (+X) option...The Dubious - is it good or bad? It's a matter of perspective, sir!1. Skill tree balance - the people who shout that Agility and Way of the Tiger is OP, are not wrong... but also not necessarily right. The skills that make Agility/Tiger good are rather far down the line and until then, you will get your butt kicked a lot. I personally found that Stamina/Turtle suited me better, netting me 98% win ratio in a sub-100 day victory without much trouble, unlike agility/tiger which caused me tons of early game aggravation. EDIT: I take back my original conclusion. Turtle is the easiest if played properly, tiger is the second, as it tis so easy to win even if you blunder big time and bear is the hardest. Why? Read my guide - just click the guides section. Enough said!2. The game cannot be lost - it just turns into an even bigger grind if you do poorly. As you progress through the leagues, so do your opponents. If you are doing poorly, muddling your way through, their league scores will rise and it will take you even more time to overcome them. Your guy won't give up - but you might...3. Random 2 skills at start - I would have enjoyed the ability to pick which 2 skills I get to start with. You may want to go tiger and get a punch and a block, instead of the dodge you need, making progression more grindy later down the line.Conclusion:I am going to give this game a careful recommendation. It is certainly not a bad game, and it has a good concept, backed by free dlc coming our way, which to me shows that the developrs care about their customers. It is also certainly not a cashgrab. I also found myself wanting to push the values as high up as possible and had my share of enjoyment doing so. The fact that it is a casual game did not stop me, as I could easily enjoy it while doing other stuff. I was also very entertained by the various easter eggs, as every location has at least one. On the negative side, if you want a real fighter management game, if you dislike having no control over the combat, or if you found the bad sides of the game I listed overwhelming, I would totally stay away from it."
76561197972634582,Recommended,394310,20502881,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Harlequin,"A very entrtaining fighting managment game, the devs have quickly addresed some small issues with the banacing that were there at launch.The game plays a cross between game dev tychoon and an fighting rpg with the looks of an old lucasarts adventure title.Anyone who enjoyes 90's action movie referances and music will get a huge kick out of this too.All in all a great little title."
,Not Recommended,394310,28413264,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jerry Dandrige,"Grind, grind, grind and more grind.That pretty much sums up Punch Club. You grind for money, you grind for stats, you grind for skill points, you then grind for fame. Your three base stats in the game drop at the end of each day, so the grind you did building them up will be largely obliterated, forcing you to grind again the next day. This has been a singular complain from the majority of players on the forum... so the devs added a ""no stats decay"" option mode, as requested, but they did so with an incredibly snarky and condescending ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t update, labelling it as ""suuuuuuuuuuuuuuper easy mode"" and disabling achievements in the process.Gorgeous pixel art, tons of nostalgia digs and easter eggs, a decent soundtrack, but an absolutely appalling amount of grind saddled with a terrible story that literally ends on a single sentence... and that's it."
,Not Recommended,394310,25407116,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Chimpston Churchill,"Train skills that degrade back down anyway, Save money that gets stolen from you anyway, and don't actually fight - you just watch them fight. also it doesn't let you exit the game 90% of the time."
76561198031533965,Not Recommended,394310,20480703,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,JACKIE CHAN,"Difficult game to like. Beat the game once already with agility, way too easy, too grindy. Second time around to give it a fair try, went with strength build. Strength build is broken as far as Agility is concerned. Foreign Lands sequence pretty much forces you to train agility or lose, follow the games 'recommended' training strategy is a sure-fire way to fail mid-late game.New patch introduced a fix that was suppose to make late-game 'less' grindy, but it actually added a 2-day delay that prolonged the game even more, forcing you to wait like in the early-game, except without as many different things to do or unlock.Overall ok game, but frustratingly imbalanced (felt like no-one tested each 'recommended' builds from beginning to end) and patched to drag on gameplay."
76561198102273937,Not Recommended,394310,23834318,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Neinmeiner,Let's make this quick:Pros:Great Retro 2D graphicsGreat SoundtrackLots of Eastereggs and fun encountersCons:Absolute GrindfestLittle to no room for errorNot an actual fight game but rather a micromanagement tycoon
76561197970571433,Not Recommended,394310,20709537,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,LuckyLance,What started out as a unique experience quickly became a long grind of attrition.The visuals of this game are gorgeous with its sprite based graphics and well animated characters. The chiptune soundtracks is spot on with overtones inspired by Rocky. I found myself excited every time I opened up a new area wanting to see what pop culture references I would see.But when you get towards the end of the game you really start to feel the grind. And let me tell you it is real! Everyday you lose your stats and they are progressively harder to train the higher they get. So towards the end of the game you'll spend what feels like 90% of your time training. Perhaps I would have liked the game more if it had a speed up function.https://youtu.be/Y4MjFIEoXfc
,Recommended,394310,20500420,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Fugitive Unknown,I can't talk about it. There's a rule.
76561198057846792,Not Recommended,394310,23842954,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gerdzilla,"This game pisses me off, because I want to like this game. But every step of the way I find something that pisses me off. For one you lose stats over a day it makes the game take significantly longer. That is the only reason it exists, to make the game take longer. You also get reduced gain for some reason the game doesn't convey.The game is just padded in a way that doesn't feel fun it feels frustrating. I didn't listen to Total Biscuit when he talked about this game. I'm sorry I didn't listen."
76561198014992947,Not Recommended,394310,20440880,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JamOjisan,Work ( get 50$ )Buy the meat two pieces ( lost 40$ )EatSleepGo to  gym ( lost 10$ )Repeat this in severe balance
,Not Recommended,394310,20484620,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Vileguy,"++ 10-20 hours for playthrough with some replayability, price is fair++ excellent graphics, I played windowed with ""retro filter"" on, but it looks fine without also++ difficult enough to challenge++ filled with many references and fairly entertaining, dialog isn't phenomenal but solid+- fairly high RNG can be frustrating but is generally tolerable+- didn't experience any crashes myself-- low accessibility as some things are explained but optimal strategies are difficult to identify-- UI obfuscates lots of important information-- excessive repetition gates progression, mostly due to stat regression-- required tasks (almost the entirety of the game) are tedious and require waiting for slow animations, traveling around town, and utilizing the poor UI that feels suited to mobileGame isn't awful but I was hoping for an RPG and it's much more a management game. The game offers you some fairly interesting choices but there's a severe lack of balance between them that could be considered choose-your-own-difficulty if the game was more communicative of the different paths. As an experience it's fun but very grindy, not because you have to do the complete a task X times before you can move on, but because the game actually lowers your stats at an incredible rate if you neglect your training.This isn't a bad buy, but I don't recommend it because the ""fun"" factor isn't very high. I'm posting this review at 17 hours, having deleted my first save to start over at about 30% completion, and having beaten the game on my 2nd save. Sadly, most of the cool abilities I unlocked deep into the skill tree were ineffective compared to simply using a low-cost kick as my only attack and letting opponents kill themselves on counters. My winning build was Agi/Tiger(Flip Kick, Wind Flow Dodge, Unstoppable, Mimic Techniques). I'm not even sure Mimic Techniques did anything.I played the ""good guy"" path and don't recommend it. It was kinda boring and limited, so I'll be trying the ""bad guy"" path now."
76561198132476688,Not Recommended,394310,22912721,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Alf,"This should be a really fun game, but the stat decay means that it turns into a boring grind. There has to be a better way of implementing this. I understand that the devs don't want you to simply max out your stats but it would be better to limit this rather than making you work over and over for the same stats.Every time I quit this game I feel like I've wasted my life. There's some strategy to it in how you select abilities when you level up but the training and grinding gets old very quickly.If you like mindless grinding, you'll probably like this. If you don't, rather play something that requires a bit more active thought during play."
,Not Recommended,394310,30693005,Posted: 23 March,all,MaxxtoN,"I'm really into management/sports game and I'm an avid enthusiast of MMA and other Martial Arts. Thus I figured that Punch Club would be an excellent game for me. And it was, for the first hour.It started out promising, sweet lil' retro vibe, a ridiculous storyline and a balance between earning enough money to get by and shredding you chraracter so that he'll rise in the rankings of the various fight leagues. Even though you have minimal control over the fights due to the game's combat system, I was enjoying myself.And then the novelty wore off. Stats required an insane amount of experience to level up and despite fine-tuning my stats and my attacks, some enemies who had far worse stats than me would kick my butt and send me into several days of injury and massive stat decay. The game wasn't fun anymore, it was straight up rage-inducingly frustrating. I'm aware that there's going to be a 2nd Punch Club game this year and I sure as hell hope that the devs listen to community feedback and fix those incredibly frustrating aspects of the game, because Punch Club has a lot of promise, the sheer amount of RNG and mindless grinding makes it really god-damned unenjoyable to the point that I uninstalled it in sheer frustration due to me losing a fight I should've easily won.TLDR: Promising game, fun aspects, vast amounts of RNG and grinding makes it an incredibly frustrating experience.5/10."
76561197971458548,Not Recommended,394310,20974781,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,pRabbit,"""Meh"" game.The reason I've been playing it for about 9 hours was that I wanted to know if the story could save the insane grind you'll encounter after about 2 hours or so. Probably I didn't go down the story route the devs have intended (I went full ""I wanna be the very best, like no one ever wa..."", eh, you get the deal), but what I encountered was pretty much a punch in the face: this route ends with probably one of the worst ""what exactly was that?""-endings in video game history, so kudos I guess.To give you a better idea: you remember those old NES games that seemingly were just produced for the sole purpose of punishing you, yet still were so good that you wanted to push through them? Those, that ended up with a simple ""Congratulations! You saved the world!""-text screen and returned to the main menu?Well, Punch Club is one of those, only in ""very mediocre""-mode after hour 2. It's the very definition of a game that could have been much better - the qualities shine through - but leaves the bitter taste of a sudden creativity block dev wise after a certain point.It's funny, it has awesome pixel art and the music is catchy, but it lacks substance - a lack of substance the promise of an interesting story tries to make up for without ever delivering. I'm not mad that I paid 10€ for it, since this product clearly had a lot of love poured into it (which I absolutely admire), but as a game, I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,394310,30711873,Posted: 24 March,all,richisdisturbed,"---  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, IT IS BROKEN ---So I bought this game because of the current 75% off sale on Steam. I enjoyed the game to start with but it quickly turns into a grindfest with little to nothing else to do.I would still recommend the game for the £2 I paid if that were the main issue, but it isn't. The game is broken.I'm not sure how far from the end of the game I am, but I've gotten to this island that is spoken about the majority of the game, I have the first fight, then you get a cut scene recapping the intro cut scene & revealing the spoilers, my issue & many others issue is, the game crashes during this cut scene making the game unfinishable. There are people reporting this bug from last year with no reply from the developer.I've spent quite a few hours grinding just to get the story wrapped up, and now I realize it was all just a waste of time & effort.AVOID UNLESS YOU LIKE UNFINISHABLE, BROKEN GAMES!"
,Not Recommended,394310,26064586,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rap Game Patrice O'Neal,"(edited most recently to correct grammar and include the note below)NOTE: This review was written before the inclusion of Steam Workshop, which I have not played. The developer has addressed a few of my concerns in the comments, but my opinion of the vanilla game mode has not changed and the original review still applies to the it.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I had my eye on Punch Club since it was first released, I came very close to buying it several times but I'm glad I restrained myself until it found its way into a Humble Bundle. I will admit to buying it *mostly* based on the aesthetic and because I love boxing games. The screenshots gave me a sort of Super Punch-Out vibe. I WAS aware that it was a management game but I had not looked at any gameplay.This game has you play as an up-and-coming fighter (boxer? kickboxer? mixed martial artist? idunno) and as such you enter ranked leagues and between fights have to train up your stats, earn money, keep yourself rested and fed, and there are a handful of sidequests to further strain your time and money.You can't train or work while tired or hungry. You can't sleep while hungry. You can't eat without money. There is only 2-3 days between fights and your stats will ALL deplete by a huge amount daily, so if you take the time to get your food and money where it needs to be to properly train, your stats will have gone down to the point you need to use all your food and money to get them back where they were and all the effort will be for naught. That said, it can feel very unfair but it's possible to work a balance to get a decent build going.When I start the game, I'm digging the first few minutes of the tutorial. Then there is a scripted battle that you are supposed to lose. This is one of my personal peeves in games because I cannot stand being unable to win no matter how well I play, and wow is this going to be a recurring theme in this review.After the scripted loss, you get to choose to buff one of three stats. It's not clear by the choices given, but once I had a feel for how the game worked, I ended up using all three save slots choosing each option. The reason I did this is because no matter which option I chose, I would run into the same issue and I assumed I had been doing a bad build.For the fights themselves, you can choose which attacks/abilities (unlocked via a skill tree) you want in your pool, you get information about your opponents stats, attacks, and abilities, then you press go.Then you just watch the round play out. It's completely controlled by RNG and you can't do anything to affect the outcome at all. The only strategy involved is looking at the way your opponent is built and try to choose an appropriate moveset to counter it.I will again admit I didn't watch gameplay before buying, so it's probably my own fault that I didn't like this game, but I just can't get past how there is absolutely nothing you can do to actually fight.The reason this game gets to me is that I personally have always been a really unlucky person and the luck-based fights in this game are going to make me smash my desk by the time I finish.DOZENS of times, I'll have my opponent completely outclassed in the sense that every single stat of mine is higher than theirs, sometimes by 4 points or more, and my character will get into the fight and just stand there. He will have full stamina, plenty of attacks in the pool, and just stand in place, occasionally dodging and blocking, while the other fighter depletes my HP.It also seems like different rules apply for npc's than apply for me. I will see them with identical moves to mine but it will not cost them any stamina to use while costing me every single time.Without exaggeration, completely 100% seriously, I swear to christ I'm not embellishing, MORE than 50% of the time I'm supposed to obviously win based on the stats, I end up losing because my guy just won't do anything, and for that reason alone, I can't recommend this game.It would probably be really really great if it had some sort of action mechanic in the fights. Even if they added 1 button that I could use to tell my character to attack assuming he has stamina to do so, I'd change this to a recommend.It's truly a shame."
,Not Recommended,394310,20409669,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Deadman Wonderland,"The game is called Punch Club and the first move available to you is ""kick"".Yeah yeah I know it's a play on Fight Club. Anyway, the fights take way way way way way too long, especially because 75% of the time you know who is going to win the fight just by looking at the pre-match tale of the tape. Of the remaining 25%, 20% of the time you'll know who is going to win in the first 10 seconds. That leaves about 5% where the fight would actually be worth watching. Otherwise, these fights will drag on and on for 2-3 minutes where you already know what's going to happen.I chose the agility route and I don't see how there is any benefit to it over something like strength. I do less damage and I can uh, dodge a lot but the game still plays out exactly the same every time. Each character attacks once. Then someone attacks twice. Then the other person attacks twice. Then the other. Even with my 7 agility, my opponent with 3 agility attacks just as often but does more damage because they have a higher strength stat than me, haha. So you might as well pour all the points in strength and block. And yes, i did fill out the stats tree correctly and went Tiger route.Fight difficulty is so random. At rank 9 I will fight someone with stats along the line of 2/2/3 and at rank 6 the opponent will be 3/5/5 and then at rank 5 I'll fight someone 1/3/2. I also was able to beat the hell out of an aligator with twice as much HP as me and way better stats but got crushed by a weed loving idiot with worse stats.There needs to be some food variety. Meat/Pizza/Soda/Energy Drink/Chocolate/Protein Bar. Oh and you can find a rotting burger. It also is ridiculous that you can get a broken leg and be unable to work at full capacity for 4 weeks but hell you can get in the ring and fight like there's no problem at all!I play a lot of Kairosoft games so I get the appeal of this type of game. It is NOT a bad game, but I gave it a ""no"" for do you recommend it because after two hours of playing it is seems like one of those 1.0 type games that is just missing a lot. I'll likely come back to it in a few months and see if they added anything else to it but as it stands right now I think I'll just log on and see if I can OD my character on steroids."
76561197985881175,Not Recommended,394310,32832000,Posted: 26 June,all,DrunkenApE,"Oh god, there is so much grind in this game. Fun part is managing your time, but after stat ""13"" everything decays so fast. Endurance fights are pain, there is a lot, and I mean a lot of moves to research but only 2 animation in actual fight.And please dont let me start on how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the ending was."
,Not Recommended,394310,24650856,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Canella,It is not a bad game... But the unnecessary grinding and the WTF ending spoiled it for me.
,Not Recommended,394310,20441627,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hero,"EDIT: Upon finishing the game I have my final pointI had gotten to the point in the game where I just couldn't stop playing, too much time put into the game... but upon finishing the game I can say one thing. The ending...is kind of a let down. In fact, the whole story is kind of a let down. Without trying to spoil anything, one of the characters your character is ""close to"" dies and then you find out a big secret about the man in black.1)Here's my problem...the main problem. The game gives us NO reason to feel upset about our friend dying. There is barely any dialouge in this game, and I get that it's a tycoon game, but seriously? If one of the main driving points for the whole second part of the plot is your friend dying, I SHOULD FEEL SOMETHING FOR HIM! Not just like, ""Oh, yeah, he's dead...""For the finale there is really no way to not do spoilers...but seriouslytime travel? Out of all the nonsensical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you chosetime travel? I get it, this game is meant to be kind of funny, but when we have ABSOLUTLEY NO BUILD UP and NO CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT how am I supposed to react to this? Oh that's cute,  ♥♥♥♥ingtime travel, well I guess that's one way to end the damn story. And then on top of that they pull someLuke, I am your father♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. For those who don't believe me or didn't understand the ending themselves I watched the end dialouge three freakin' times (Because it moved too fast the first time for me to catch it and actually believe what I was reading.)...I hope you're all intised to look at the spoilered information.2)Gameplay wise once you beat the tourney and become pro the game goes downhill and just feels like a grind. This is because everything is handed to you. Food, daily income, a private gym...I guess it kind of reflects reality accuratley about once a person comes into money but gameplay wise it is an absolute bore....the one thing I liked about the ending was the nod to the stupid 80/90's? mortal kombat movie.PROS:1a) Enjoy fight club glory and get revenge on your fathers murder! I like how quests are introduced in this game, it isn't straight forward and forces you to explore and there's a hint of randomness to it.1b) Because of the story and randomness of events, it helps the tycoon parts not feel repetitive1c) TMNT reference. There's turtle shells in the masters dojo (Too bad his name ain't Splinter) BUT! Did anyone notice that the PIZZA delivery man is named Casey? CASEY JOOOONNNNESSSS...or does no one like him? And the alligators but that's a give away.2) Difficulty curve......due to things I would consider CONS...but once you get over it there's a tiny treasure chest filled with blood, sweat, tears, maybe money if you've truly mastered it, and accomplishment at the end of the rainbow.3) Getting your♥♥♥♥♥pummeled in the first round? Don't worry! Change up your fighting style and show 'em who's boss!4) Multiple ways to tackle your schedule: Either earn cash and work at the gym or earn cash aaaaaaaaaaannnnn-----CONS:1a) ....honestly, screw trying to earn cash until later: So you earn enough cash to build a gym or buy food or do anything OTHER than train and you get robbed. Sure, hold it off until later, but you need food to get through the day.1b) Think you can escape the robbers on bus? WRONG!!! Apparently bus takes a wrong turn or it's a set-up because all of a sudden your fighting robbers and in the bottom right of the map2a) Happiness though...seriously. In my first play around this meter sucks. There are a few things you can spend money on to increase happiness at the start, but otherwise you have to sit on your♥♥♥♥♥in front of the TV the entire day (Seriously, this bar goes up way too slow, you think I could find something to watch that would make the damn guy happy. Put some damn porn in your VHS player or something you sad ♥♥♥♥)2b) BTW earning cash at any of the jobs sucks too for the same reason. Welcome to the biggest waste of your hunger, energy, and good ol' happiness meter!3) Meat is the only food to go with at the start of the game (Fills half your hunger meter). Everything else is a waste of money, especially gym food, don't do it unless you really need to finish up in the gym...4) The beginning fights take way too long. It takes maybe 10 seconds for you to realise who's going to win the round (I've only had a handful of upsets). The multiple rounds are nice, but there's no KOing...even if you're both just staring at each others damn faces waiting for enough lighting bolts to ping off your head for the next attack...and even if you have seventy energy still left. Once you get over the NPCs strength curve the fights tend to go by pretty quickly.5a) The skill tree was cool at first, but then it boils down to stacking skills > unique skills.5b) It's a kinda joke nostalgic tycoon fight club game. If you're going to throw in a TMNT reference why not any throwbacks to classic fighting game moves just to be silly? Some sort of mid game (For balance reasons?) special dojo or something.5c) Stats, which will be sadly ranted about in a second, are another thing that hold you back from truly exploring the skill tree fully too (BUT THAT'S WHAT THE THREE SAVE FILES ARE FOR!!! DUHHHHHH!!!) because you can't unlock certain skills without a certain level in the stat, which you can level up later once your main is leveled higher. Shouldn't be too har-- BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE!!!6a) I saved everyone's biggest grievance for last! At the end of EVERY DAY you lose points in all stats.~From a developer needing to balance the game standpoint I see how this makes sense. Players could quickly and easilly get their stats to the max and just buzz through the fights~From a player standpoint I can see that this is annoying and needs to be worked with~From a runners standpoint it makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense! When you train, your body doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥out on you the day after. I'm never like, ""I'm going to run 8 miles today!"" and then tomorrow comes around and all, ""♥♥♥♥ HOW DO LEGS MOVE"".I get it, if you could train all your stats and they'd stay you'd be AWP but this doesn't happen in real life, people do that damn crossfit crap. Personally, I knew people on Track/XC who could run a 1:58 800m and kickass in a 3k AND bench near 300 lbs.6b) So, maybe there could have been a different way of balancing stats. Multiple days passing with not training a stat enough points based on your level, doing nothing for 2 or more days straight, just eating ♥♥♥♥ING PIZZA! (The character even says that it'd be bad for him!) Or, maybe just have put stat caps on equipment. Or, make it so after a certain amount of days pass you fail a certain quest...I didn't know where I stood on this game honestly at first. I was really excited for it and was waiting for this to come out. This wasn't just some ""ooooo, what's this game?"" purchase. Because of that, I sat here overjoyed playing it for a good hour...and then it just kinda sunk in and that faded. What it honestly boils down to is that even though there's all this stuff to react with in the world, everyone's forced down the same set of paths at the beginning...the easiest being deal with the gym and try not to get robbed and MAYBE buy one or two things of equipment for your garage.To say this game HAD potential is too harsh, but to say its FANTASTIC isn't really sitting well with me either...If I had to rate this game, I'd give it a Piston Honda out a' Mr. Sandman..................................like a C-"
,Not Recommended,394310,24363773,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Alan,"Game is fun when you start based on its premise, but the stat decay (gain 5 stat one day, only to lose 3-4 points when you fall asleep) causes the game to run 2-3x longer than what it should.I enjoyed the first half of my experience, but by the time I got to the end I will likely never touch this game again unless they take down the stat decay. The thought of trying other fighting styles sounds fun but dat grind tho."
76561198019173178,Not Recommended,394310,25373799,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SilverAgeFan,"I really want to recommend this game. But I don't feel I can due to the frustrating grind that awaited me in the end because I innocently decided to follow one of three specializations offered within the game's architecture. In short, if a game offers three paths toward completion but one is almost broken at an impasse or stalemate near the game's finale because of how the math works, something is wrong.**SPOILERS**Basically, I'm talking about taking the ""bear"" path and the ""Kulk Kogan"" battle. It is not impossible. There are reddit and forum accounts of people who have made this work, but it requires a pretty irritating grind or outright retooling of your character for this final battle.Much of the game aside from this is quite entertaining, if not a little slow in places. There is a level of wry humor and clever pop cultural references woven throughout. The art direction is consistent. Overall I'd give the game a 6.5-7/10. But this sense of needing to commit to an obnoxious grind or simply restarting and avoiding an entire 3rd of the possible builds to finish the game sinks my review and turns my overall thumbs up to a down.If you are interested in this game, just avoid the bear (""strength"") build and know that you'll likely have a much more pleasurable play through."
76561198066290628,Not Recommended,394310,23138615,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Slacker★,"Where to start..... Punch Club is undeniably an addictive game and I liked the different paths and choices you could make in your fighting style. But, I did feel like a slave to the game at times just because of the sheer grinding you had to do in order to keep your fighter's stats consistently at a high level. The stat decay is brutal and I don't feel the developer should remove it altogether but at least reduce it by 50% because without that the game becomes a chore.I've seen a lot of people saying the path of the Tiger is king and at first glance it does seem a little overpowered but I chose the path of the bear and I was a powerhouse that could end fights in the first round if the random number generator felt generous, which goes on to my next point.The majority of Punch Club is about luck to be honest, I fought opponents that I shouldn't of been able to beat who had way higher stats than me but thanks to me getting lucky at times and getting maybe 4 or 5 hits in succession I won. I know this is a management tycoon game but I really didn't like feeling powerless in some of the fights and I much prefer to take an active role and actually control the player, but that's just me.While I had fun at times, I wouldn't reccomend this game as it stands, simply because the training becomes very monotonous and I was pretty relieved when I had finished the game in all honesty."
76561198328067678,Not Recommended,394310,25598641,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cloth,"I really, really want to reccomend this game, it has so much potential in my opinon. The premise is really fun and when the game first started I was having a lot of fun with it...I'm barely 3 hours in now and I'm getting frustrated at it.I can't get my stats to stay up, due to them constantly decreasing, I can't keep excersising to keep them up because I get tired and hungry, I can't work to make money to buy food because if I get to much money I get robbed, and if I spend all my time working to buy money I can't work out and get my stats up meaning that I lose my fights, you also can't do anything during the fights, it's determined competely by your stats and it stops being fun and interesting, very, very quickly.I wish I could reccomend this, but I just, I just can't."
,Not Recommended,394310,24515920,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ryebread,"Part of me wants to recommend Punch Club. Its references to 80s entertainment gives a certain nostalgic charm, and its pixel art-style lends itself well to appealing visual humor and furthers that 80s flavor. The game tries something new-ish too by having the player manage a fighter's life and career, instead of having the player bloody his virtual knuckles himself.However, the positives of humor and individuality are heavily outweighed by the negatives of tedium and frustration. As mentioned before, you don't actively participate in your character's fights. You train him in the gym and you decide what skills he brings into a particular fight, but once it begins, all you can do is sit back and watch the fight play out, rooting for your own guy. In the beginning, there was some excitement in that, like seeing the horse you raised run in his first few races. But as you get further through the game, the spark wears off and all the fights start to look the same: two guys punching and dodging based on percentage chances and numbers generated behind the scenes.It's especially tiring when you find that you can't skip to the end of any fight, no matter how inconsequential a sparring match it might be. Unless you alt-tab out or leave your seat, you're forced to sit through every fight, despite being powerless to affect its outcome while it's in progress. Similarly, you'll feel the same kind of frustration when it comes to unskippable dialogue and cutscenes,a problem often encountered by players and has yet to be fully resolved by the devs. Further, while the game is visually pleasing, its writing (largely in the form of character dialogue) feels stilted and ponderous. If you're irritated by poor writing, being forced to wait through several instances of it could be a deal-breaker for you.Punch Club also tries to make things ""realistic"" by having your the effects of your training drain away everyday. Roughly, if you gained two points in strength in a single day, you'll lose half a point of strength when it ends. Unless your fighter has a specific skill that halts loss at a set number, you'll find yourself scheduling constant training just to keep your fighter at certain level of competency. It's certainly realistic, but it also makes for even more tedium in a game that needs less of it.This game doesn't have many tags: Management; Strategy; etc. It needs one more: Clicker. You might not mash the mouse button like in other Clicker games, but you will still repeat the same short series of actions over and over: cycling through a short list of training equipment (because using only one has decreases stat gains over time); constantly clicking the ""Next Round"" button; clicking to get to the next piece of dialogue you'll only gloss over. Remove the graphics, and this feels more like another compulsion engine Clicker instead of a game."
,Not Recommended,394310,20441538,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Yabba Dabba Doo,"If you enjoy delivering pizza and getting robbed then by all means give it a try!Honestly though, this game is on the borderline between ""could have been great"" and ""throwing your keyboard at your screen"", the game forces a vicious routine on you and it goes: work, sleep, eat, train and repeat. Early game is rough especially with robbers using their heightened senses to rob you if you ever have an amount of over 150(?). But you'll get past that point ""eventually..."" I don't like the fact that you can't become well versed in all attributes kind of like a ""balanced boxer,"" you are pretty much forced to go one attribute. Then you just have to train your boxer really hard in AGI, since its the only viable method to getting far, because Strength tires out fast and gets destroyed and stamina is decent, but you'll find yourself missing or hurting yourself with every punch you take.Anyways, back on topic the game is basically this; you grind, grind some more, and when you get deeper into the game you grind even harder.With several changes and fixes I could see this game being very enjoyable, but in the meantime it's literally just an unrewarding challenge, might as well go workout in real life where gains don't disappear so fast.I rate 6/10UPDATE:One more thing I like to add is, after beating the game I was heavily disappointed you couldn't do anything else. I was excited since I invested a lot of time into my guy and then BAM, there's no extra objectives or more awesome fights, just one lackluster ending. I spent a lot of time training my character so he could fight and win so I would expect fights. But after beating the last guy it just ends, that's it, nothing more, like what... Very disappointing that there's no extra tournament, no survival (fight till you can't...), no defending your title, nothing. The replay value is extremely low due to grinding and there's no enjoyment to all that time training later in the game since it ends so fast. And the ending was pretty much crap and made little sense.Changes I would like to see added:- More fights, tournaments, title defense or something to spice up end game, because I mean you did all that training for it to amount to one fight and then its THE END, no enjoyment for your awesome character.- More interactions, the one thing I felt this game did good at was the atmosphere, there were people to talk to and things to explore and unlock, just very little and I would like to see more added. It would be awesome if there were an extra map or more places added and more fighters/npc's. I mean you had BRUCE MIGHTY, where's Buck Norris (Chuck Norris BTW)? Why not add a gang's hideout or Don's faction so you can have more cool fights or optional things to do besides the daily grind.- EASY/NORMAL/HARD mode, easy would be very low stat decay and starts with food and money etc. etc. Hard would have high stat decay and other restrictions, etc. etc."
,Not Recommended,394310,23775721,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CappyDH,"Was fun at first. Figth Club, Pulp Fiction, Ninja Turtles etc. was exciting. Even I loved the grinding at first because I had a purpose that buying all equipments for my garage.But then I reached a level that you should just workout, eat and sleep or your stat will decrease each day. Like wtf, it was hard to increase them and I skipped one day for do some party aaaaand my stats gone.I don't know how to stabilize them but grinding is just boring and you can't even increase the stats just grind to keep them where they are. Maybe I am missing something but it is boring.Do not buy if you don't like grinding."
76561198061974601,Not Recommended,394310,28298126,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"Boring after 4 hours, frustrating and unfair, overrated, not worth the price, uninstalled"
,Not Recommended,394310,23692332,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Milky,"While this game seemed to be fun on the videos I saw of it, playing it is another matter. It's boring, its very very dull from start to the point I stopped playing because I couldn't take it any more.The battle system is crap, its so random your stats don't matter if they are close. In fact its hard to say that your stats (which go down every day for no other reason than to annoy you) matter at all as all the descriptions of what they do are arcane. IN fact it would appear in some ways its worse to actualluy level up, as it just means more energy use for no gain. Oh and the miss rate of your fighter will annoy the crap out of you, since there is nothing to do in battle except scream ""hit him you useless idiot"" at the screen.The training is repetitive, but passable. Learning new move sis painful and takes too long. Oh and ranking up your charcter is tererible because hte more you lose the more you need to win.Overall goood idea, but a terrible implementation. Maybe if TinyBuild spent more time getting the devs to make a good game rather than complaining about the amount they make, they would get a few more sales."
76561197993263474,Not Recommended,394310,26409335,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ezie Baik Uben,"I'd just like to write a cautionary tale for anybody looking at this game. At first glance, and even at first play, it seems to be a fun little game with some interesting mechanics, and some oh-so-pretty throwback graphics - and you'd be right! The first hour or two you'll be gradually introduced to new mechanics, new challenges, with a tidy sprinkling of fun references to game and pop culture. I'm pretty open-minded with games and love quirky mechanics. I'd consider myself fairly patient when it comes to this sort of thing...Then hour 3 hits, and you might start getting frustrated at some of the mechanics. The gears in your head start to grind and you wonder when the next curveball is coming, or if something, ANYTHING interesting is going to happen. I'm here to tell you that when you hit that point, just STOP, It's probably not worth it if you're starting to doubt the game at this point. If you get it on sale, you may be able to justify a small price for the couple of hours of ""Oh gee, that's pretty cool"", but the rest of the game is just a slog of grinding and diminishing returns.End verdict: Seemingly polished game with semi-original gameplay that gets stale and un-fun VERY quickly. Oh yeah, and bugs. Don't forget bugs."
76561197971683425,Not Recommended,394310,20440592,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Abradolf Lincler,"Might be alright with a balance sweep, practically unplayable now.The thing about a life sim is that it's all oohs and ahhs at the beginning of the game when progress is always skyrocketing upward, but you have to have some long-term balance in order to keep the game fresh after that 30-40 ooh/ahh experience, or else the novelty wears off quickly.  Right now, unfortunately, the stat decay is way too sharp and there's a lot of weird design decisions.  If you are ever carrying too much money (""too much"" defined as enough to buy gym equipment to escape the never-ending ""small jobs for gym fees"" loop), there's an extremely high chance that you will be mugged.  That's fine.  That's an additional mechanism that adds some challenge to the game, and makes buying your way into independence feel like a big thing. I have no problem with the concept behind that.I do have a problem with the decision to make the mugger one of the most powerful enemies in the game, especially considering that money-making activities are uniformly bad for stats.  You're basically adding a big sad clown trumpet sound to the end of the long grind for gym equipment, and if you're going to do that, why even have gym equipment in the game?That's just one of a whole bunch of questionable decisions this game has made.  The economy seems all out of whack.  There aren't enough ways to make money that aren't gigantic opportunity cost sinks.  Life sim games are all about management of meters and opportunity costs, and somewhere along the line the developers of this game forgot to check something in their flowcharts and now this game is a horrible unforgiving grind.  Bummer.  It's got such a cool framework, too."
,Recommended,394310,20494666,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,korean man,SleepEatWorkRepeatBest life simulation game ever ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561197966661634,Recommended,394310,20514374,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,kingofblahs,"This game does not deserve the negative reviews it's been getting.  What's the most important part of a game?  That it's fun?  This game is FUN and ADDICTIVE!Yeah, there are slight annoyances with presentation and UI, but they'er exactly that, minor, barely even noticable and not memorable in the least.  As far as the game being grindy?  It's grindy until you learn how to do things more efficiently.  As this game is much of a time management game as it is a fight simulator/RPG, managing your time well will go a long way toward getting fast results.One thing I will say is that, for a mobile style game, this game packs a lot of complexity and a good amount of difficulty.  Picking this up, you will struggle because the time management aspect is not easy, and there are different ways to go about doing it.The fights are interesting and very challenging, lots of variation within the three different basic styles, a good amount of strategy and lots of combos.I highly recommend this game, extremely good for the price."
76561198042988729,Not Recommended,394310,20418739,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ichigopwn,"Once you notice that the game devs don't let you horde cash by forcing theives to take half of your money, the game loses its fun factor and becomes a grind fest. Losing $130 moving to a location across the street is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,394310,20406872,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,fatputtycat,"The game looks pretty. It's from tinybox, and their previous games weren't that bad. However, this game is extremely repetitive and boring. There are a few jokes here and there that are a bit funny and I love the retro feel, but all you do is click on a few things and watch the game do the rest. You'd think the combat system would let you put in a decent amount of input during battles, but your wrong. You select what moves you want your guy to use and then you watch the computer fight against itself. Sometimes your guy blocks, other times he doesn't. Sometimes he throws a punch. Other times he doesn't. You don't have any input other than telling your guy what moves he will be able to use during fights.I wouldn't buy the game for the story, because the story is pretty bad. You just keep on fighting people to get to the guy who killed your dad. I think the worst part about this game is that you could play games identical to this game for FREE on sites like NEWGROUNDS. That's how unoriginal and boring this game is.And before you say anything about my playtime, I participated in the Twitch event which is basically playing the entire game, but with a whole bunch of people. I thought playing it solo would be different. I was wrong. If anything it was a lot more fun with a bunch of people."
76561198072445406,Not Recommended,394310,33295957,Posted: 5 July,all,Shittoagen,"While the game starts really fun at the beginning, stat decay gets really annoying as you level up. Going store to buy energy drink and food then to train whole day doing the same thing over and over again becomes a chore. The game really doesn't respect the player's time and that's one thing that I cannot stand. I hope developer's are taking notes and will make a second game with better mechanics as the idea is quite original."
,Not Recommended,394310,24674155,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Taylor_OD,I've play this version and the mobile game. I can never play for more than a couple hours before giving up on this game. Your stats decay daily for no reason. Very quickly it becomes annoying and boring to have to keep training just to maintane decent stats.
,Recommended,394310,21722672,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ukulele Man,"Do you want to know what I don't like?The people not recommending this game because it is difficult.Not recommending it because success isn't spoon-fed to you.This is a game about making choices and finding a balance in overall activities and a focus in training.It's not rocket science, however it is built to be hard.So if you're not up to a challenge do not get this game.However, if you actually enjoy high-quality, well-made, and entertaining stories in video game form, I highly recommend this game.Is it perfect? No.But damn, it's a good game.EDIT: If you want a little more information/justification of my personal opinions regarding this game and gaming overall, I entice you to read the comments section. There was a relatively sophisticated argument that I feel should answer most questions/comments/complaints."
76561198049444525,Not Recommended,394310,29407056,Posted: 21 January,all,Elbel,"I love this game, but there comes a point close to the end where it becomes almost unplayable (after Russia, Bruce Lee fight)grinding is a problem throughout, but it becomes unbearable at that pointthumbs down coz it's a stupid feature that could've easily been toned down."
,Recommended,394310,20515713,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,gunsage,"Let's get the bad out of the way first.  This game is VERY grind intensive and you do not actually participate in combat.  Basically, when you enter a fight, you have a set number of skill slots where you assign skills that your character will randomly use throughout combat.  There are attack, defense, and passive skills that you can assign, such as kicks and punches or counters.  The game has a heavy handed amount of strategy that's kind of dumbed down by the fact that it's still random and based on stats more than user skill.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQepMZlE1GIAs far as the grind intensity, well, you get to train your character.  And that's great, except you lose stat exp each day as well, so it's a constant uphill battle, what with having to juggle that, food, sleep, money, and so on.  That said, it's damn addictive.  For me, this is especially true because I'm a bit of a gym rat and have contemplated joining an amateur boxing club.  Here are a couple of tips to help you get started with this game:- Focus on agility first, then stamina.  Strength is a ""nice to have,"" if only because you will eventually encounter enemies with rock hard defenses.  Without high agility, you will miss constantly and barely ever dodge incoming strikes.  Without stamina, you will constantly get knocked down and not have enough energy to pull off even the most basic moves.- Plan out the skill tree entirely.  Don't waste time getting a bunch of abilities you won't use because each time you get a skill, it costs more to get the next one, regardless which skill you intend to get.  As an added hint, the ""do nothing"" skill is way more helpful than it sounds as it will result in lots of energy regeneration mid-combat.- Take the bus when you're able.  Early in the game you'll be poor as hell, but as the game progresses, using the bus will be key to time management.- Don't hold onto money early in the game.  Unless you're saving up for gym equipment, spend it immediately, otherwise you will get accosted by muggers you can't hope to win against.There are many other hints I could provide, but I don't want to spoil the game too much.  It really is fun, but it's not really a fighting game and prepare for a major grind if you do decide to buy it."
,Not Recommended,394310,28678686,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ked,"The game is boring, annoying and frustrating. And I'm not only talking about the gameplay (which is full of grinding), the game has terrible interface: for instance, you can't make dialogs to go faster, you have to wait for a second or two for every damn line. Pop-up windows cover the screen without pausing the game. And there is no way you can leave the game before this tutorial-ish thing is over! The ""Exit"" button is inactive, and you can't close the windows, the only way is to stop the process in Task Manager.Dialogs are primitive, and the story seems to be as stupid as the intro shows us.When your protege fights you have absolutely nothing to do except watching the same animation over and over again on 4x speed (why there're 1x and 2x speed multipliers is a mistery for me) and waiting for a round to end. Waiting and watching is 90% of this game. Grind, grind, grind...And if it's not enough, the game is full of bugs. It closes by itself, freezes and sometimes leaves you stucked on the map without possibility to exit -- hello again, Task Manager.Too bad I can't refund this piece of... a game. Wasted money, wasted time."
,Not Recommended,394310,20423674,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Khser,"grind, grind, grind and grind more so you can grind some more. grind then grind, then get robbed for half of your money. grind some more so you can get some more money, get into bus so you cannot be robbed but voila! you get robbed before/after bus ride so you lose half of your money again :)"
,Not Recommended,394310,30686632,Posted: 23 March,all,Drake Skaletta,"Honestly, for a tomogotchy type game with story. It's super boring and not worth your time. But if you like warching bars climb and no touch RNG fights. Then you may like this game."
,Not Recommended,394310,23873302,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,willy,"A grindy mess of ideas that don't fit, instead of an actual good strategic fighting game, they decided to make a repetitive dull unbalenced management game.3/10."
76561197964678163,Not Recommended,394310,26642935,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheDelano,"Summary: Nice Idea and basic fun game but WAY WAY WAY too grindy.----------------------------------------------------------------------------So guys, I like 4x games, strategy games and grindy games in generall, but that game aint fun anymore. Played it for several days and now there is the point where it's just too frustrating. It's not about difficulty like other games (Darkest Dungeon or Dark Souls) it's just grindy... when u start fighting too early you will lose... so you just have to sit at the pc and work through the same old motions over and over again until your stats grew a bit faster than they are decaying and you can win your next fight.IMO 80% of the game is made up of the same grind and only the rest makes up the 20%. If it would be the other way round it'd get a 8/10 from me. This way it gets a 4/10 and I won't play it again until there is an update that lvls out teh grindfactor."
,Not Recommended,394310,24088296,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Remco32,"It starts of great. However, in a few hours (miraculously after the 2 hour refund period), the game boils down to the same grindy pattern of activities.You need to constantly work out because you lose a percentage of your stats each day. This means you should work out every day. But you also need to sleep and eat. Eating requires money to buy food, which requires a job.This means you are stuck in a cycle: work, eat, work out and do fights to progress the story.The big big issue here is that this cycle only increases your stats minimally, since every day you lose some as well. This means that it either takes some guide that helps you min/max your time perfectly, or a lot of time on your part to make progress in the game.Maybe this game started out as a free2play game with microtransactions, because the grind is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,394310,23812133,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Adam^2,"This review was written for v1.12 of Punch ClubBeautifully Meaningless Stat Building SimulatorFirst off, I want to like Punch Club.  I want to love it.  The art and story ooze charm and humor.  Everywhere you look there is an Easter-egg waiting to be discovered.  The ""retro"" art filter in the game options further enhances the vibe of the cheesy 80's story that permeates this game.  But all of this charm is crushed by the unmitigated weight of what passes for ""gameplay"".GameplayGetting right into it, Punch Club looks like a simple stat building game.  Keep earning points, to progress further in the game, until the hero is strong enough to take on the ultimate evil, avenge his family, save mankind... or maybe just rescue his cat Mr. Fluffy.Unfortunately there are two other systems in place which grind progress to a halt and test the player's patience to see the next amusing cutscene or story beat.  First of all, basic combat stats decay.  And they decay hard.  Strength, agility and endurance all lose points at the end of the day following a simple formula.  The level of the stat multiplied by 9 is subtracted from the total value of said stat. So for example, if the player's strength was at level 1, the player would then lose 9 points of strength at the end of the day.  (Level 10 would lose 90 points, level 20 would lose 180 points, etc...) At the early game this stat loss doesn't seem to be significant, but as players try to build up their combat abilities it becomes a brutal chore just to maintain combat effectiveness in the mid to late game.  There are some traits the player can learn to mitigate some of this, but only to an extent.The next major problem with combat is that it's almost entirely based on a random number generator (RNG).  Players can pick 5 skills for their hero to use as well as train up their 3 core stats, but when it comes time to fight, the player is still very much at the mercy of a dice roll.  While this can sometimes turn a fight into an easy win, more often than not players will be brutally punished by the other fighter even when having have double his opponent's base stats.The game is very much about repetition.  Keep training until stats are high, and then maintain them.  Keep fighting the same person until the hero is eventually victorious.  Unfortunately, it's a stat builder where the stats are fighting back, and the dice are hardly ever rolling in the player's favor.  However, if players can keep pushing through, then they will eventually get to the end.  The struggle is real here.StoryThe story is a humorous spin on the martial art films of the 80's and 90's. Someone has wronged the hero, and he's out for revenge.  Can he redeem his family's honor, get the girl and save his cat?  There are pop-culture references everywhere.  Pizza-munching mutant crocodiles, a small snarky old man who will help you train, a shameless fight promoter with equally shameless hair...  Pirates, ninja and aliens...  Oh my!While the story is brief, it also does branch in quite a few places providing a couple of endings for players to enjoy if they can brave a second play-through.  Also, the free expansion adds an under-story to the main game that will be very familiar to fans of American Saturday morning cartoons from the late 80's.While there is nothing sophisticated about the plot, the witty dialogue and events should be more than enough to keep players entertained if they have the patience to make it to the next beat.PresentationThe art is well done in a classic 16-bit style.  It looks even better with the ""retro"" filter that is available in the options menu.  Backgrounds and characters are detailed, and there are homages to games, comics and movies littered throughout each new location.  There has been a lot of care put into making Punch Club look great, and it shows.On the audio side, there really isn't anything to exuberate, but at the same time there is nothing to complain about.  Combat sounds are appropriately old-school.  And the music, while not memorable, is not annoying despite it's repetitiveness.There is an additional DLC for the game that includes an Artbook and Soundtrack, but it is by no means a must have purchase.OverallPunch Club is the kind of game you hope gets a sequel, not because it's great, but because it could be so much better.If you can tolerate the grind, and then the grind to regain your losses, there is a fairly humorous affair to be had.  It seems, to me, that the game was unfairly padded out with how it handles its mechanics because there isn't a lot of content here.  To be honest, the content itself is good enough to stand on its own, and the gameplay mechanics really shouldn't be punishing the player from enjoying the story, art and humor that is here.I can't recommend this game, and it's a shame because I really want to.http://store.steampowered.com/app/394310/"
,Not Recommended,394310,29046418,Posted: 5 January,all,Daikos,The stat deprication system really ruins this game.
,Recommended,394310,20413744,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Game,"Work, Buy Meat, Eat Meat, Sleep, Eat more Meat, Train, Work, Buy Meat, Eat Meat, Sleep, Eat more Meat, Train, Work, Buy Meat, Eat Meat, Sleep, Eat more Meat, Train, Work, Buy Meat, Eat Meat, Sleep, Eat more Meat, Train, FIGHT!I have to say Punch Club is surprisingly addictive.After participating in Twitch Plays Punch Club and struggling to copy paste the steam codes from the Twitch chat (which is very difficult if the code refuses to stand still and someone already beats you to it).Pretty much what the game is about is managing your boxer's day, having him train, work, sleep, eat.If you don't train enough his strength, agility, stamina will deteriorate.If you don't work, he wont' have money to buy food.If you don't have food, he can't train.If you work too much he will be unhappy which will make him train slower.It's all about trying to find the perfect balance throughout your workers day.It may sound tedious at first, but soon enough you get into it and find a ideal routine to make your boxer the best there is. Throughout the game you meet various people, gain new equipment, fight a Teenage Mutant NinjaAlligatorCrocodile, get a girlfriend, make difficult decisions, and maybe learn about your father's killer. You can train your guy to be like Mike Tyson and knockout your opponents in just a few hits, or make him like Bruce Lee and do some amazing kicks, or become a boxer that can't be easily knocked down.Overall this is actually a very entertaining management game that I can just waste hours on. With various ways to build your character, discovering multiple routes throughout the story, and some very nice pixel art (and there is also a option for a retro mode), I can guarantee that you can also get as addicted as I did.Final Rating:Get ready to eat lightning, and crap thunder!"
76561198048633767,Not Recommended,394310,29740187,Posted: 6 February,all,Dutch,"Eternally frustrating as it seems the game intentionally sets matches up to make ones progress slow and grinding. Make no mistake, this game is just that. A 90's era graphic (and character model), click fest, grinder based on addiction rather then enjoyment."
,Recommended,394310,20760023,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,CommissarBRO,"You won't find a better 80's boxing/kung fu fighting management tycoon game. That's not to say it's a perfect game but this game is undoubtedly one of the more management games I've ever played. Not to mention, this game has some of the best pop culture references I've seen in a while, so many familiar faces! However, before I give my opinion, allow me to explain how the game works.In Punch Club, you take on the role of a fighter who's father was murdered by a mysterious red eyed, fedora toting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who brings a gun to a fist fight. You will have to manage 3 main attributes which are STR (strength), AGI (Agility), and STA (Stamina). You increase these stats by training in the gym and use them to defeat opponents in fights. STR affects damage output but increases energy consumption. AGI increases your accuracy and your ability to dodge. STA affects how much energy you regenerate during the fight and at the end of each round. Each stat obviously has it's benefits but it's in your best interest to only focus on one or two, not all three. Having a well-balanced fighter is a bad thing when fighting specialized fighters.You will also have to manage your health, hunger, sleep and mood. At first, it'll be tough to have enough money to eat yet still train so that you can compete against tougher fighters. My best advice to you is to work about 2 shifts, eat, sleep and train as much as you can before rinsing and repeating. Eventually, you'll get involved in ultimate fights which start to pay the bills and when you're finally able to beat the 'Rookie League,' you'll really start making money. Oh, you also go to Russia but that's all I'll say about that.The largest focus of the game is the fights. Now this game is strange in the sense that it decided to take direct fighting control away from the player and instead base it on the aforementioned stats and seemingly unforgiving RNG mechanics. While this can be annoying, it's also led to some real nailbiters. It should also be noted that there are 3 fighting styles that can be unlocked as your character obtains Skill Points (SP). Along with these fighting styles, you'll unlock skills and perks that are used in combat. All of these skills are activated during combat automatically based on the amount of energy you have and perks are always active in a passive manner.So what is my actual opinion of the game? Well, to be honest, I love it. It's a blast. It's annoying as hell but it's still a lot of fun and has a metric ton of charm. Sometimes the game is unbearably grindy like when I was trying to beat the Rookie League but then it suddenly gets super easy once get to Russia. Sometimes the fights feel like total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when your character is significantly better than another fighter but he somehow gets lucky. Even with these issues, would I recommend it? For 10 bucks? Hell yeah, this is a game that everyone should experience. Especially fans of movies from the 80's and early 90's!Definitely recommended.Gameplay and Basics Overview:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtIusSirpn4"
76561198003424373,Not Recommended,394310,24366328,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Adam,"After two hours I realized that this game will be nothing but grinding, and the reward will not be worth it... uninstalled."
76561198017340928,Not Recommended,394310,20436743,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Toastycakes,"Right off the bat the visuals and audio are great. Someone put a lot of work into this game and you can tell. That being said personally I wouldn't recommend the game in its current state. The basic framework is there but the numbers and balance keep it from being fun.Main Gripes:-There are three stats and you only really pump one (later a secondary but not even close to the level of your primary). Agility is the best stat and there is no real reason to delve into the other two trees. For some reason this stat affects both Hit Chance (this is the most important) and Dodge making you a offensive and defensive threat. Dodge later also becomes a damage dealer from counter-attacks. Most importantly though making this stat the only way to get Hit Chance was a mistake. You can pump the other two stats but if you don't have points into Agility you will lose every fight later on. You won't be able to hit anything and just straight up lose to fighters ""weaker"" than you. It's too good.-Ok so this is the issue I think most people have with the game. So the idea is you have to balance your work, needs (eating, sleeping, etc), and training. Every day that passes your stats decay so you have to keep training to keep them up. Early on it sucks but is alright but later the decay is so huge it feels like you artificially spend a lot of time training to deal with the decay. I'm not saying it is not manageable but it is pain dealing with it and later all you do is train to deal with the decay. After the first spurt of the game all I felt like was that I was playing against the decay and was being punished for wanting to play. It didn't feel fun.-I kind of wish there was a way to skip the dialogue/cut scenes. It takes a while.This game is so close to something I would have immensely enjoyed. I hope they do continue to support and tune it into something great. I would love to give it another shot in a patch or two."
,Not Recommended,394310,20451115,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,455224,"Although I actually like this game a lot (I'm the kind of person who likes to play management games and grind from right at the bottom up to making it big, not just hopping in at the top) I feel that parts of it, especially the fighting mechanics for strength and endurance builds, are not greatly balanced.For example I'm currently stuck with my 11ST 8AG 8EN guy getting his♥♥♥♥♥kicked by a 4ST 11AG 7EN guy as the game has decided that my AG isnt high enough to hit him more than 2 times a fight, and my 11ST is only enough for 15-20 damage each hit. If my AG was 3-4 I wouldn't mind but with those stats I'd expect a much closer fight than is currently happening.This was also the situation levelling up vs. guys with high AG but I'm finally at breaking point, meaning I can't recommend the game in its current format for a non-AG build."
76561197973982272,Not Recommended,394310,23929389,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mikemate,"Get ready to run from place ""A"" to place ""B"" to place ""C"" over and over and over again just to build up your stats. Ever so slowly, like hours and hours of repetitiveness. Then you  fight a guy thats basecially double as hard as the last guy so now all that grind you did you gotta triple it, and triple it, and again and again. such a huge grind fest. Biggest grindfest ever. Needs to be easier."
76561197970721419,Not Recommended,394310,20424571,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JimHash,"Fun game utterly ruined by the fact the game refuses to let you build up anykind of cash reserves, expect to lose half your cash on multiple occasions."
,Not Recommended,394310,20441265,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,rufati YT,"Update:A few more hours in (around 100 game days) and the tedium really starts to show. Can't speed up or skip dialogue. More and more time taken in between new skills. Fights need better monetary rewards. Jobs need better training synergy, higher stats to make you better at your job. Pizza delivery shouldn't be as taxing on energy/hunger.---Original Review Below:Maybe I'm just no good at managing my fighter but balancing work/rest/training/fights seems really difficult. I fight and train but start running out of money to feed myself. Focus on work and fighting leaves no time to train and skills start rolling back. Train and work while skipping fights leads to my fighter dropping back down in the rankings.I feel like I'd have to Google the most efficient method to fit everything in =/Can't recommend the game in it's current state of balance."
,Recommended,394310,20509938,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hatman,"It's a good game, but wait for it to be on sale. I went for an AGI build, and once I got the mechanics right, it was a breeze, although I spent a LOT of time building up my stats. It would be great if the devs could add some content, different storylines, or something like a New Game +. For the moment, it's barely worth your money, and the three different fighting styles are not on the same level. AGI is clearly the way to go if you want to win easily.6.5/10 would punch again"
,Recommended,394310,20464199,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cerlin,"Best Sick Game Ever. I bought it on a weekend where I was sick and I didnt have to work to hard and beat it once and already got another started.You may like this game if:- If you loved 80s fighting movies, you will love this.- A solid management game.- Cool art styleYou may not like this game if:- You want to fight battles yourself.- You do not like old style graphics.- You do not like fighting movies."
76561198139967041,Not Recommended,394310,20410326,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,wipoulou,"For the price, the game looks quite nice and stuff, a lot of griding but that's fine.So basically I grind money, i leave my fighting skills to get to buy machine and get enough money to buy food and machine. When you grind money you have to use bus or you get aggroed by thugs and lose half the money...But when you use bus, and you get aggroed, you can't win because you spent all your time grinding money and your fighting skills are very low. So you lose half the money you just spent 10 minutes griding.Maybe it gets better later on, when you can actually earn money by fighting and training gets you money somehow, but the early is too frustrating for me. I play to have fun not get frustrated the first hour or so and then enjoy the game"
76561197969368222,Recommended,394310,20465205,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Dillon,"Very enjoyable casual RPG styled game. Spent the whole weekend  playing it and was not disappointed. The ending was a bit faster than I expected just in the way it happens. It makes me think there is good sequel potential for this game.Worth the 10$ If there was more story, I'd still be playing it. Definitely a grinder game. I would compare it to a SNES looking version of playing a Sims game with the empasis on fighting."
,Not Recommended,394310,24099211,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Pimp C,"Game could have been better. As it stands its a unrelenting grind, and as your stats go up the rate they decay increases until you hit a point you spend all day working out to maintain them, seems to happen around 13/13/13. Didn't try focusing on one stat and letting the others drop off as that only seems workable with an Agility character due to it being linked to accuracy, so all builds require agility to not miss constantly.Seems poorly playtested as certain events didn't fire for my first game, I somehow missed out on the only vender capable of healing. Proper playtesting probably would have helped the developers figure out their game is missing fun once the player falls into a routine of get money, spend on training and food, rest/eat fight and repeat."
76561198013723081,Recommended,394310,24068135,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"Ok this is a interesting game, so here is my review on it:First off, this is not a fighting game...regardless of what the title says, you do not actually fight people. It is a boxing simulator. You can assign the moves for your character, train them to be strong, and which moves to use during a boxing round, but the boxer does his own thing during the fights. It would be best to describe it as a micromanager simulation game of controlling a boxer.. Now that info is out of the way, here is my main review:PRO's`Interesting Stories`Unique Characters`Easter eggs of many things`Micromanagement of a boxer`Did i say unique characters like crocodiles?`Specialty branches of fighting and different move skillsCON's`Training can be reptitive and tedious`Getting enough gold points(exp) to level up a skill later in the game is tedious in late game..`I would like to see more storyline, especially the official ending is not very forthcoming...So, all in all a fun game, but playing it multiple times at once may become tiresome. Also, this is not a fighting game, but a boxer simulator with micromanaging their skills. I hope this review helps you all"
76561198086749002,Recommended,394310,20453888,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Stolas,"It's ok, not great.The game is full of references. And does appeal if you like fighting movies, styles what have you.Worthless story, it could easily be a tablet game. The game could use more action or strategy.It was a fun time-waster."
,Not Recommended,394310,20762019,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Diomades,"Punch Club is a fun game, but it's incredibly grindy. You very quickly run into a wall where your progression is limited by skills (the cost of which increase by 1 every time you level up), and you are pit up against enemies that have unlocked abilities deep in skill trees that you have not even unlocked yet.The ongoing grinding to keep your skills at peak performance feels true to life, but combined with the tedium of having to unlock abilities, the game goes from running at a sprint to tiptoeing in around 1 hour of game time - everything after which is grinding and going for just 'one more ability'.I don't think most people would have the patience."
,Not Recommended,394310,28440031,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Graphic,Grind Club.  Get Karate Master II: Knock Down Blow instead.
76561197971291045,Recommended,394310,26418601,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Thrill,"Like a tamogatchi that beats on dudes for money.But really, some serious effort went into balancing this and it's a surprisingly elegant sim experience considering that it's for mugs who think with their fists."
76561198155208803,Not Recommended,394310,20441713,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,hairy_fedd,"Trying to buy that home equipment? Good luck. Even the thugs with 3 Agility could run me down, with a 7 Agility."
,Recommended,394310,20439198,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Buttback,"*eats three pizza's to kill my hunger before going to the gym*just like real life5/7EDIT:oh this got a lot of ratings wowokay so no don't actually buy the game. it has horrible balance, some mechanics do not even work and the dev team seems to be a little incapable."
,Recommended,394310,26427699,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sevrick,"I started a new game on normal. At 1st I was realy frustrated with the game and how I kept losing stats, untill I leared that I could get skills that would stop them from droping below a certain point. After that I was drivin to get my home gym so I could get there. Before I knew it I was playing for hours. This game is strangely adicting. Defently worth the $2.50."
76561198020313281,Not Recommended,394310,20418604,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BaconflavouredCockmuffin ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"When I first saw this I was very interested. The art style, soundtrack and theme of the game all feel into place to make this a game I'd love.Then I started playing it and it has more grinding than an MMO, yet is less rewarding.You start to work and your energy goes down. You go to sleep and your hunger grows. You use up food and your money goes down. This hell cycle is something you'll have to get used to.The fighting system is limited to choosing which moves your character will use and it's painfully obvious from the start who will win the fight. Waiting several minutes just to see myself lose constantly lacks any sort of appeal.Traveling to locations using the bus is only useful to save time, but muggers will always be waiting outside the bus to jump you.Would I recommend this game if it let me actually do something during the fights and the grinding was toned down a notch ? Yes.Do I recommend it as it is now ? Nope.Maybe there's more to this game than what I was able to see within the hour I played, but I'm not really willing to grind up until that point."
76561198010869598,Recommended,394310,20450870,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tamás,"Hi !Do you like retro games with awesome soundtrack and environment?Do you like REALISTIC fighting games without Hadoken and Kamehames?Do you like manager games?Guys seriously... Where was this game before IT IS JUST PERFECT !!!!!! WOHOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pros:- Great challenge (its really not easy guys)- Huge number of skills for your fighter- High ammount of chance to upgrade the character (STR,AGI,STA)- Crocodiles- Retro feeling with great soundtracks- More crocodiles with fckn Teenage Mutant Ninja-s !!!!Cons:- I CANT STOP THIS PLS SOMEBODY TURN OFF MY PC !!!!!!!!!!!!So i'm amazed ... i have to go back to play PLS HELP M...."
,Recommended,394310,20826363,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,✪ Mami,"I finished this game in 6.3 hours and 130 days. So to me+++++:Fighting mechanics are depend on your skills , so it is close to reality.Smooth gameplay.Not even one bit bored.Great-Rich Story.Good animations , training effects.Multiple Choices.-----:Training is really boring  -.-Great Story but unclear(Not clear many possibilities to how it is -After you finished the game you will understand what i meant.) End.Can add some more details to Girlfriend(Dating , Wedding , Family)So would I recommend the game?Definitely, it is worth the money.And waiting for the sequel:)"
,Not Recommended,394310,24320342,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Muflex,"I really wanted to like this game to write a positive review...PROS:Pop culture references (don't wanna spoil, from NPCs to background characters, loved it)Good idea (fighter management)CONS:UnbalancedGRINDFESTGRINDFESTGRIINDFESTVery disappointed :/"
76561198028429074,Not Recommended,394310,24642878,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lost Cause,"Fun idea, great style and setting, basically just a tycoon style mobile game.Endlessly frustrating automatic combat and random disaster system. Frustrating vertical scaling, tedious zone-to-zone travel, frequent bugs in walking to objectives in-game.3/10.Would not recommend. Fair effort. Love the studio, sprite style and music (does get repetitive). Like the idea. Poor execution."
,Not Recommended,394310,30702661,Posted: 24 March,all,Fawkzi,"Wasted Potential.That's how I'd sum up punch club in two words. The concept is amazing, the retro look and feel of the game is genius and the story is outlandish as hell, just the sort of thing you'd expect for such a retro looking game but when it comes down to the gameplay, it just doesn't sit well with me.It feels as if the game was executed poorly. It gets very grindy very quickly and the amount of RNG to the fights makes it feel like training is actually kind of pointless because you can lose to a guy with half of your stat values anyway. Case in point, I had around $450 and was on my way to the sports store to get a bench for my characters garage when I was mugged.I decided to fight, I have 4 in every stat and this lowly mugger is weak as hell in comparison but you know, I lose and half of my money goes with it, now left without enough to actually buy what I was on my way to buy. If you're gonna have stat values in a game where you CAN NOT control the fighting yourself then don't make it possible to lose when you have more than half the stat values over the opponant, that's just bad design because the developers made this game super grindy but it doesn't feel like your grinding is rewarded if somebody who pales in comparison to your stats can kick your♥♥♥♥♥Also stat degredation is absoloutely insane in this game. You will lose HALF the experience of one level if you do not train that stat. I tried just focusing on two stats (Agility and Stamina) To be a quick, endurance based fighter but you know, if you don't level up strength you'll do next to no damage at all which means YOU CAN NOT WIN because some idiot decided to use the traditional method of deciding a victor when the time ends, that method being the tried and true ""The person with more health wins""So obviously I decided well I'll just focus on all three then, ♥♥♥♥ you too. Which I did but with how insane the stat degridation is and how horribly each skill increase in price the more you buy skills it's just not possible unless you care not for achievements or progressing the outlandish story and just want to grind and grind and grind and grind and grind.I've seen less grinding in Korean MMO's and that's saying something.I can't recommend unfortunately. I heard there is a sequel coming out and if that's not as grindy or unrewarding as this game I'll deffinately give it a try."
,Not Recommended,394310,20536887,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,illicit,The game started off good with plenty of content and personality then it just falls flat once you complete the first few quests. It becomes redudant after that intial burst of content where you just finish a certain area and that's it. This game is not worth your time and frustration. If you really want to see the game being played just watch someone on Youtube and skip through the boring grinding parts.Edit: I finished the game because a friend told me it was worth it. It was not.
,Not Recommended,394310,20424957,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[CaG]Arancil,"In this game, you try to work out a schedule where you can earn an income to keep yourself fed and training yourself so you can improve your stats and learn new skill in order to beat stronger and stronger fighters. I found that balancing out the schedule and training quickly became a boring chore, while the rewards (higher stats and new skills) weren't satisfying enough to compensate.I feel as if the game has great potential, but the execution is lacking, because other than the chore/reward part, the game is great. Graphics, music, the fights, it's all nice. Anyone who isn't bothered by a grindy system that constantly tries to make you take two steps back for every step you take should seriously consider buying this.This game doesn't make me want to play it (and thus I cannot recommend it), but I'll be keeping an eye on the devs. They seem very promising."
76561198016442607,Not Recommended,394310,30695991,Posted: 23 March,all,Suit,"So I played this game, and I guess I would use the term play loosely. It's mostly randomized. You pick your skills and the computer determines when to use them.Later in the game you get the ability to buy ability upgrading equipment for your home. I finally got enough money and then the game had me robbed by putting an enemy way above my skill level and gave no ability to run away.After this I immediately uninstalled the game."
76561198010176919,Recommended,394310,26419354,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ido.yehieli,i really didn't expect to put in that much time into it! Got it on a sale and got hooked. Not super sophitsticated mechanics but lots of funny content.
,Not Recommended,394310,20438085,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SmithyQ,"I enjoyed a good part of this game, but I also found it incredibly frustrating.  On the whole, the frustrations outweigh the fun.For a fighting-style game, there is very little action.  All you do is manage your training and choose fight tactics.  I personally don't mind that, if it's done right.  If you prefer action games, this is definitly not for you.As far as your training goes, it is far too easy to fall into a vicious spiral.  Here's the problem: your stats decrease every game day.  The higher your stats, the greater the decrease.  In the beginning, you need money to train, either to pay for the gym fee or to save up for your own home equipment.  To make money you need to work, which decreases your energy.  You then need to rest to refill your energy, which often takes you to the next day, which means your stats have just decreased.  You can spend a lot of time spinning your wheels this way.If you could save a lot of money, it would be no problem, but you cannot.  The more money you have, the more likely you will be mugged by an RNG attacker.  If you don't train then you will lose these fights and half your money in the process.  Even if you DO train the RNG might still defeat you.  I can't tell you how frustrating it is to spend two or three in-game days working to get enough money to afford a big-ticket item only to get mugged on the way to the store and basically have to start all over.When you get to the actual combat,the game offers three different ways to build your character, but one is completely superior to the other choices.  It's not even close.  I tried to make my original build work, but I just got mired in that downward spiral I mentioned above.  Once I changed builds, it became very easy, to the point I didn't even need to change my abilities or tactics.There are also several minor annoyances that add up to more frustration.  There's no way to speed up or advance text, as it just automatically scrolls.  This adds unnecessary seconds to every conversation, every time you visit the store, every time you talk to your training partner, etc.  Also, you spend most of your time training or working, and these seem incredibly slow.  The game could go three times as fast without issue, but instead I'm stuck waiting for my guy to spend 30sec real time doing enough bench presses to make up for all the stats he lost 45sec ago.The game has an interesting idea and has some potential, but it's current form is unbalanced, making it either trivial or agonizing.  It's always frustrating.  You can spend a lot of time without making any tangible progress.  I can't recommend it in its current form, or at its current price.  Especially it's current price."
76561198032946835,Not Recommended,394310,20438415,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Fantomwon,"I love the idea of this game and I really want to enjoy it. Training my character and making trade-off choices throughout my character's day makes for an interesting ""fighter simulation"" game. However in my opinion the balance is wayyyy too harsh such that the game ends up feeling punishing and stressful.When I first found out that you lose a little bit of stats every day I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because, well it feels really bad to lose progress. However I got over it by thinking 'well maybe there will be a way to gain stats faster than just doing pushups everyday and losing some stats wont actually end up mattering that much'. Then I unlocked the sports store and was like 'oh awesome I can buy new equipment that helps me focus-train specific stats faster/more efficiently!'.So I worked a job for a couple of days to save up enough to buy the machine that lets me focus-train strength. Then, on my way to the sports store to buy the expensive piece of equipment I got stopped by a random encounter in the street which I couldn't beat and lost half of my money... The most infuriating part of this encounter was that I paid to take the bus to the sports store which I assumed automatically kept me from encountering random enemies on the street b/c it costs cash and it's also a freakin' bus (instead it seems the only point of paying to take the bus is to avoid losing time in your character's day).So at this point I feel punished for trying to work toward a specific goal in the game, and worst of all I don't know what I can do to get better at approaching this situation. Overall it is unclear to me how to get better at this game, which is really frustrating b/c I want to love it. I'm sure if I seeked out the information and did a bunch of reading I could figure out how to min/max this game and be successful, but to be honest I don't think I should have to work that hard this early on in the experience to find joy in the game. So for now I'm hanging up my gloves and moving on to other games I've yet to play in my library.-D"
,Not Recommended,394310,20413645,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,teeLtcejorP,"The art style, story, and concept is solid. But the delivery completely misses.You can easily find yourself in a situation where you have to delete your save, simply because you ran out of the ability to feed yourself.You can easily find yourself grinding for hours upon hours, only to get nowhere because your AI makes fight selections that are not nearly as clever as the enemy. For example, my character refused to attack for 2 whole rounds, while the opposing AI pegged down my 200 HP to 0, while he sat at 15.You're clearly supposed to find a grind pattern (as the devs say it themselves) but it seems strange to not just build a game with the intention of user choice.Did I mention the part where you can be robbed for having too much money, with no way of safely surviving as every time you're hit up by a robber he's about double your abilities?The grind is brutal, if only you had a difficulty setting where you could just play through the game without being in an endless grind, I mean you set up the values for XP gain and monetary earnings per job, is it really that hard to do difficulty? It isn't, I know for a fact it isn't.Overall, unless you want a frustratingly grindy game that possibly has one clear pattern to ""win"", avoid at all costs.Update since the review:I have put in several more hours into it, and had to remake a character (strength builds are an impossibility in this game, funny how a whole skill tree is pointless, i've heard the same for stamina builds) -- if you want to succeed grind agility as often as you can.It's still a massively dissapointing grind even into the later stages of the game. the diminishing returns of a day passing versus the quickest points you can earn is a massive frustration point. The upkeep is a frustrating moment and even using steroids in the game you'll still have a rough time.Games similar to this (Kairosoft, game dev tycoon, etc) don't nearly have as much of a grind as this game seems to encourage. It's a shame that I am nearing the end point of this game, but I have (once again) hit a massive wall."
,Recommended,394310,23014966,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Djinnt,100 sit ups100 push ups100 squats10km runEVERYDAY
76561198255761996,Recommended,394310,32455866,Posted: 15 June,all,Mr_Some1,"This game is freaking amazing, I love it. The combat system is great, I love the nostalgic graphics, and the game is insanely addicting. I've played 59 hours of it, played the game through about 3-4 times and i enjoy it every time. Could have better writing, but if touched up a bit the story has a lot of potenial."
76561198033087299,Not Recommended,394310,29268831,Posted: 15 January,all,Riggs,"Its anice game, interesting with a pleasant art and sound and a little story inside. However dont be deceived by its nice appearance. Its aserious grind, especially at the late stages. I seriously doubt that anyone who bought this game ever finished it without usingcheats. JustNO, don't buy it, don't get dissapointed!!!"
,Not Recommended,394310,25041886,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Punch club is a tycoon style (or “one of those games” style ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)) game where you play a young man on a quest to avenge his father’s death in a world full of strange people and loads of referential humor.Typical for the game style, you have a “home base” where you can rest, eat, and even do training. There’s also a world map full of locations for you to earn money, train, fight people, and advance the story. There are 3 main statistics: Strength, Agility, and Stamina and in addition to these you also have meters governing your health, hunger, happiness, and energy and these affect various factors such as your ability to train and maximum HP. You also have several skill trees of different fighting styles that can be invested in with skill points obtained from winning or losing fights. Generally you’ll want to pick a single style and corresponding statistic and focus the majority of your efforts into both for the best results.So now onto the problems I had with this game. One of the things that bugged me a lot was the high rate of stat atrophy, especially on higher levels. I would spend most of a day getting a statistic up a point only to lose 1/3 of my progress. Not a huge deal but it seems more like a system put there to artificially lengthen the game. The skill trees are really awkward and have nonsensical relationship-requirements where in one case you can cut back diagonally from a parallel line to learn a skill, but in other cases you can’t. This should be more consistent, especially since it can take hours just to find out that you took the wrong way to get a skill.My playthrough of Punch Club was extremely buggy and at one point my character got stuck on the map and I couldn’t exit the game or save my progress. No problem, I thought, as I killed the process and loaded up the game again, expecting some lost progress at worst. Instead what seems to have happened were a series of story flags accidentally thrown, suddenly placing my character much further ahead in the storyline where his home had moved to a new location. When I exited the location, both that location and my original home were nowhere to be seen on the map. This made it impossible for me to complete the game under that save file.Having spent 8 hours already, I decided that it wouldn’t be worth it to bother with a new file and just put the game down for good. It wasn’t bad for the $2.50 but I’d rather not feed into a buggy time vampire when I have other games available on my backlog."
,Not Recommended,394310,28576895,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,"Nito, First of the Dank","Obviously if you're reading this review you can see just how little time I spent with it. Even taking into consideration the lovely pixel art and charm that this game undeniably contains I cannot in good faith recommend it. The gameplay is just too sparse and the grind too tedious for my liking. It takes a particular type of person to enjoy constantly balancing the needs that your character has. All your meters are in a state of constant (and rapid) decay; this results in a very mind-numbing experience where you often spend so much time managing your sleep, health, strength, speed, etc. that you rarely get to enjoy what the game is presenting to you. In many ways this game remind me of Cities Skylines in the way there's always something that seems to need imrovement, yet in that game there is a calm serenity due to the pacing of it all. In Punch Club there is only anxiety. Perhaps if you enjoy grinding or have fun maintaining multiple stats, you'll glean something from this game that I haven't (which based upon other reviewers it would appear a multitude have).Regardless I would be wary if purchasing if any this sounds monotounous but my opinion is one of many that you might take into account."
,Not Recommended,394310,33472818,Posted: 11 July,all,Galdoblame,"if i could spend less time grinding and more time enjoying the other mecanic of the game,this game could be good.Right now it's a chore,specially with your stat that decay overtime if you want to do something else than training."
76561198043777940,Not Recommended,394310,23864935,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Shiva,Too repetitive. We are not on a phone application.I passed half the time training.
76561198035972500,Not Recommended,394310,24146537,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Chicken Bear,You will not win at this game.No you can't make it any easier.How do you make a fun game *not* fun?  Play this game and find out!
,Recommended,394310,33437290,Posted: 10 July,all,Bad_Motha,"A very entertaining fighting management game, the devs have addressed some small issues with the balancing that were there at launch. The game plays a cross between game dev tycoon and an fighting rpg with the looks of an old/classic adventure title. Anyone who enjoys 80's/90's action movie references and music will get a huge kick out of this too. References such as TMNT, Jay & Silent Bob, A-Team, Rocky, Rambo, Godfather, WWF/WWE, Street Fighter, Double Dragon... the list goes on."
,Not Recommended,394310,30752211,Posted: 26 March,all,BiTSHiFT,Definitly not recommended.You grind for hours just to grind some more. Inbetween the grinding you are wasting your time with loosing fights and of course grinding some more because the protagonist needs a steak and about 5 pizzas to stop beeing hungry.
76561198042997868,Not Recommended,394310,20440029,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dentolux,"The game starts out fun thanks to its charming graphics and funny references, but after a couple of hours it becomes a chore. Grinding constantly to counter the effects of stats degrading and your bank balance depleting gets tedious. Shame because the title has potential. Early on I got a Persona 4 vibe from it, as you level up and do social stuff to improve your character.With some tweaking the game could be a more enjoyable experience. Based on forum threads the developer however seems reluctant to listen to player feedback. I suppose they are concerned that aleviating the grind could expose how shallow and short the game is?"
,Not Recommended,394310,20439993,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Alex Jones,"Grind, grind, grind. ""Why am I playing this?"" I ask myself. Well, because it is a perfectly designed Skinner's Box. There is just enough reward for each tiny action in the game to keep me interested. I managed to beat the game but there were various clear imbalances in the design of the 3 stat archetypes as well as over punishing stat drop penalties. Overall not a very rewarding experience."
,Recommended,394310,26418619,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Draponek,"Really enjoyable and simple game. Not too easy. not too hard. Plot is a bit... weird, but gameplay <3.8/10"
,Recommended,394310,26452108,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"Finished the game in three sittings in two days. Took me 8 hours. Loved it, but..Pros:very nice graphicsalso very nice musicgameplay is really challenging, but not unfairgood plot ideaslots of funny referencesmany skills, fighting style customization is realdevelopers are nice and responsiveCons:plot ideas are good, but the actual writing is badcutscenes are specifically badunderwhelming ending (twist idea is good, but the presentation is awful)bugs a-plentyoverall lack of polish (in terms of game design)Good game, but could have been better.8/10P.S. Do not listen to people who say that stat decay is too great and the game itself is overly difficult and unbalanced. They just suck at gaming."
,Recommended,394310,20424842,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Worc,"TL;DRIf you like hard, repetitive game with the worse ending I've ever seen, this is your game. Though I suggest you to read below. Thanks!-------------------------So I've just finished the game after 12 hours, it might take less then 8 if I try to finish again with what I've acknowledged.The game is hard, you see your money dropped to 0, you don't know how to train properly and can't keep up with the matches. You lose so much at the beginning, but you keep getting stronger.It might be really repetitive for most of the players. You'll have to click this, click that, eat, sleep, click that, click this over 9000 times...The ending was just terrible, I won't give out any spoilers but it was just a terrible ending.PROs:Good old retro styleNice musicGood and funny references (mostly rocky)Good management systemLots of skillsGood way to sink timeFair priceCould be played more than one time with a different character buildCONs:Bad endingRepetitiveCan't continue to play after the end with the same character (nothing to do)Not much to do in generalHard for beginnersMight get boring really quick if you want to see new things"
,Not Recommended,394310,20539695,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,MrStump,"This game starts out quite nicely. Lots of interesting things to do, interesting skills, etc. However after you get a short ways into the game all content peters out and all there is left to do is grind exercise and fights. And the ending doesn't just fall flat, it imploded in on itself.I will say what IS there is enjoyable, but the game is full of loose ends, unfinished/unpoloshed features, and various bugs. Also, take the agility build because otherwise you may never finish the game. It took me 121 in-game days to finish  the game with an agility build. With a stength build I was only champion of the rookie league by day 90."
,Not Recommended,394310,27566221,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Slavoj Jizzek,"The ending was so abrupt that when it rolled to credits, I honestly thought the game had bugged out and skipped an important bit of story or gameplay.Also the plate-spinning aspects of stat management are incredibly unforgiving, which balances poorly with all the other time management aspects. It's very easy to hit a running-in-place situation at several points just because of bad luck in important fights, where the only remedy is to just keep retrying until the numbers come up on your side."
76561198322454275,Recommended,394310,25038917,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheManime,"Punch Club is a mixture between resource manegment and rpg elements. I had so much fun playing this game, and big part of that is due to the retro game design and the sarcastic/funny references to the movies, games, toons and other cultures. If you like TMNT, Double Dragon, Street Fighter, Fight Club, Rocky and so on, I assure you, get Punch Club and smirk while playing!"
,Recommended,394310,24981750,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sorroh,"This game is great. The 16-bit graphics, and soundtrack are really good. The storyline is good as well, I definatley think any old school gamer should try this game, And I'm sure people that never got into older 90's games will enjoy this. The game can be repetive when it comes to working out, or working at your job. The game has a lot more to it than I expected. I'm glad I found this game :)"
76561198053058218,Not Recommended,394310,23939626,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,treacle,"Not bad for an indie game, but similar standards of gameplay are available from free to play online games."
,Not Recommended,394310,23928970,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,drpoplove,"Very fun game but definitely check guides before going in, you'll screw yourself over otherwise. If you care a lot about story you need to know (no spoilers) that the ending is terrible as of this writing. Not sure if there is more content planned, but the game suddenly ends and you feel that you wasted your time a bit. Can't recommend it unless there's a free update to continue the story or provide an actual ending."
,Recommended,394310,26473864,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,RenegadeRamsey,"Really enjoying the Pop-Culture driven story line. Not sure why the easy-mode was introduced as Normal seems very achieveable. Just pick a skill-tree and stick with it, get gym equipment at your house for your chosen pimary stat and go for a skill that prevents decay early, you will then have some time to work on a secondary stat to round out. Ensure you are progressing the story line (or you will find keeping your stats high, early to mid game, will be very difficult and grindy). Eat/work/train/fight/spend skill points, and above all enjoy the ride."
76561198032188875,Not Recommended,394310,24977390,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,stevealafogg,the ending to this game is so anti climactic its not funny. they game is very drawn out and its almost impossible top level up the charater as all the work you do during the day is lost the next day. u have to have cheats to enjoy the game at all which is dissapointing. i guess if you want a game that u have to play for days and get not good feeling from the ending. this is you game.
76561198134325823,Not Recommended,394310,24984036,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Supple Nipple,"Game is fun for the first hour or so but it becomes such a grind to work, eat, sleep, and train. All that is tough enough if not for the stat decay that happens at the end of every day. Agility is vastly superior to any other stat in the game. I've lost so many matches because the enemy had a higher agility and dodged all my attacks while landing all of theirs."
76561198040878939,Recommended,394310,26444698,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,thegreatshepherd,"I got this game on sale.It was well worth it, it's a good little time waster with fun music, art, and progression.There aren't really any mechanics, just strategy. Some people complain that it's grindy, but they probably just failed to come up with a really solid strategy.I would recommend playing in easy mode and seeing all the content first. This would help a lot in a 'real' run through because you know how to progress properly, taking advantage of specific events and items that benefit you.Really good, 10/10 satisfied."
76561197987964835,Not Recommended,394310,24221457,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,cyberbebop,Starts fun but becomes a repetitive unbearable slog a few hours in. Ending definitly not worth the work required to stick with it.
76561198062485568,Not Recommended,394310,20443122,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,lorenzeking,"Punch club its+Good ideaGood gameplayFunny storyGood pixel graphics-Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind"
,Not Recommended,394310,26481933,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ariamaki,"After quite a bit of time, I decided to come back and adjust my original review for Punch Club. So I deleted the original and began writing this one.The review I had originally made (positive, suggested the game had 'potential') was based on the theory that the developers would come back and work on fixing their♥♥♥♥♥♥ And they did! Sort of? They fixed one problem, the lack of Fame from rank-up... But they ""fixed"" it in the way you fix an animal's genitalia, by removing the system entirely. Also it took them over 4 months to even NOTICE, much less fix. This was then followed by weeks and months of tiny piddling changes of importance to no-one, then 6 months of silence, and then the addition of a mode that finally fixes  the game's enormous balance issues and makes the game functional...Again, by removing a system (stat decay) entirely. In a ""Suuuper Easy"" mode. Which insults the player for taking it. And disables achievements. Nope, last straw.♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ these devs. It's garbage, don't buy it, don't support them. I am ashamed of tinyBuild for publishing this trashfire. Lazy Bear Games have their ethos right in the name: They are lazy, and they disgust me."
76561198238481192,Recommended,394310,26409953,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,linus,"Ok, so I really like this game, the musik is catchy (even though it can get kinda annoying after long sessions of playing the game...) and its kindof epic thr feeling of training and beating the enemies. What I would like better is if you first of all not lose nearly all the training progress youve gotten in one day at the end of it. Second, I played the game the good way the first timr and would actually play it another time evil but to start over all that?... naaaaaaaah But I loved the game so a big thank you!"
,Recommended,394310,26421617,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Felloroar,çok güzel oyun tavsiye ederim tam vakit geçirmelik fakat herkese göre değil
,Not Recommended,394310,20449586,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,✪ FJLINE,"Oyun tam bitmemiş, inanılmaz denge sorunu var. Sürekli yeni updateler yayınlıyorlar sorunları düzeltmek için. Bırakın bi kaç ay sonra adam olursa alın yoksa girmeyin bu topa. Olmadı torrenttan bi bakın nasıl bir oyunmuş diye."
76561198036494887,Recommended,394310,26482428,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,gabrielgarcezabreu,"amazing game. I wont say much but let me just give my 2 cents on the stat decay polemic.Before buying the game i had read the reviews and many people complained about stat decay and it seemed an unfair mechanic, so i only got the game after they added suuuper easy mode, so I started playing in this mode, but around day 80 i decided i had messed up my char and would start over, and since this time i knew what I was doing i could do normal, and said and done, i beat the game in 114 days on normal mode.So, to sum it up, the stat decay does make the game much harder and if its your first i wouldnt recomend it because its very unforgiving towards time management mistakes or character progression ones, but it also makes the game more fun and realistic. of course a top notch athlete has to work out frequently to stay in shape, the better the shape the more he has to work out. but its also not a problem since i only had to work in the very early game, after all my cash came from fights.thats it, great game. cant wait to see the second"
,Not Recommended,394310,26479015,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Manji,"I make it short. The game feels like a grindfest, and for me it got very fast very boring. The idea is nice but the execution is meh.i bought it on sale and well i'm thinking of a refund to be honest."
76561198029170452,Not Recommended,394310,24135767,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,dulled_edge,Huge time waster. With the awesome tone and aestetic I thought it'd be worthwile. It just isn't satisfying for the time investment.
,Not Recommended,394310,24980862,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,tofu,"I want to reccomend this game because I really did enjoy what I was able to play, but I have encountered a bug a few times in a single day that deletes my save file, so I can never get very far.Hopefully this will be fixed so that I can write a much more in-depth review, but as of now, consider this a warning if you do decide to purchase: your saves may randomly be deleted."
,Recommended,394310,26426227,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Riffter,a lot of fun verry nostalgic.
76561198122228828,Recommended,394310,26426180,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[GLM] Adamska,fun game but too much unskippable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dialogue
76561198001905338,Recommended,394310,26409575,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,thefollowingcharacters,"The game is challenging in an engaing way.  Its essentially a management puzzle in which you balance out food, money, training, and health.  Oh, and lots of fun little surprises along the way as you move up in the ranks and explore the city.  If you like any game like this at all, PICK THIS GAME UP.  I've played it through three times, one for each style of boxing and absolutely love this game."
76561198009316076,Recommended,394310,30306152,Posted: 3 March,all,The Matlock,"Punch Club is a very fun, if flawed game. It isn't for everyone, but for those who can get into it, there's a lot of fun to be had here.The presentation of the game is wonderful, as it is set up with retro graphics and a soundtrack made entirely of chiptunes. It looks great and sounds great and is a welcome part of the game.The remainder of the game is very unusual to say the least. It starts off by telling you how your father was murdered when you were younger, and are taken in by a police offer who knew your father. Eventually, you grow up of course and the police officer tells you to get off your♥♥♥♥♥and get a job. On your way to the job, you get ambushed by thugs and beaten down in the streets. This leads you to a trainer named Mick (sound familiar?) who thinks you should train to become a fighter. All the while, you pursue the mystery of who exactly murdered your father.So from there you dive into the meat of the game which essentially a time management game. You spend in game days working to earn money, training stats to become stronger, and taking on all sorts of fights to earn skill points to, well, acquire more powerful skills. There's a careful balance that needs to be maintained, as you have four needs consisting of health, happiness, energy, and hunger that you need to maintain, otherwise you won't feel like working or training.The most divisive part of this game is the stat decay. As you train up your Strength, Agility, and Stamina, it will degrade at the end of the day. You do need to put in several days of training to really get the numbers up there, but again you can't train constantly due to the above mentioned needs and also needing to work and buy food, etc. Eventually you can get enough skill points to lock your stat numbers at a certain point, but until then it is a bit of a struggle. There's is a ""Super Easy"" mode that removes the stat decay, but it also breaks the game and makes it less fun. It *can* be beaten even with the decay, it just takes patience.Fighting in this game is sadly not interactive. You pick a set of skills (2 to start, maximium of 5) and then watch your character use those skills in combat. Sometimes it works well, sometimes it doesn't. Different enemies sometimes require different tactics and different abilities. In the game you actually have a basic skill tree and from there you can specialize into one of three trees, each based around one of the main stats. The fights are fun to watch, but there could have been more done with them.The story does get more bizarre as you progress, and later in the game, while you still have the same working/eating/training type of schedule, the game makes it almost trivial to progress. It does however retain its enjoyment all the way to the end. I will say that the end of the game is poor. It kind of builds up to something and then, just ends. However there are all sorts of neat easter eggs and nods to retro games and movies that you'll be smiling the whole time.Punch Club is definately worth your time to look at, although it may not be for everyone."
76561198026648981,Recommended,394310,26411412,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,t dog,damn good game. got it for $3 anyway
76561197983562379,Not Recommended,394310,20551370,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,MidAirMan,"I really wanted to like this game, but it is horribly unbalanced.  The money system in the game is completely unbalanced.  If you schedule a fight you can't work or your stats will drop right before the fight.  If you ever have a decent amount of money on you  you get mugged traveling.  Although you can take the bus, but you really can't afford to.  As you build skills they become more expensive.  There should be a level tier for the stats and certain should be more expensive than others.  Instead beginner skills you passed on can be as expensive as the best skills in the game.  The more skills you buy the longer it takes to acquire another one.Working out your stats is a lesson in futility since all your stats drop at the end of every single day.  The game constantly blind sides you and often has glitches.  I thought this would play a bit like game dev tycoon, but its not even close to the same caliber.  It needs to be tweeked for its balance issues.  Also its frustrating that every time you want to go to the gym it costs 10 dollars.  Not a week in the game or month, but every time you want to use it.  Training at the beginning is difficult because you make 50 bucks for 12 hours of work.  Which can buy you two steaks that is enough to replenish your hunger bar.  Sadly your hunger bar empties if you sleep like you are starving.  You can get money from fighting, but early on its nothing like 20 bucks.  You can get a guy who will boost your training, but all he ever wants to do is drink and chill.  Also you can beat his motor and try to nail his sister.  Really the game is a waste of time and really acts like it.  The fighting in the game is simulated and you do nothing, but choose skills to equip.  Save your ten bucks and get something better."
,Recommended,394310,26438898,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LAUGHING SOLDIER,Its funny that a game about fighting has a strength skill but that skill is the worst in the game
,Recommended,394310,26408702,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Le King,"d'la grosse bombe la gagne, sa s'caliss ça sa yeule du début a fin"
76561198337422757,Recommended,394310,26430737,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ciulisnariku,nice
76561198104782440,Recommended,394310,22583355,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Heisenberg,I finished the game in 14 hours and it was a really good game. It made much more fun than you could expect at first :)I recommend it for everyone who likes indie games or is fan of boxing.
,Recommended,394310,23896626,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Just@Panda,This game made my summer vaccation fantastic. Now I can go back to my work in prison.
76561197971018393,Recommended,394310,25016526,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SpaceCowboy,No problems running on Linux
76561198143136030,Recommended,394310,26468786,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,XzanzaburX,I love the Game it hasn't ever glitched or crashed when i've played it. this is a tycoon style game so if you're into that stuff i reccomend this game to you
,Recommended,394310,26468077,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,black is back,"game play it great, but the story ending it like really???"
76561197963706419,Recommended,394310,26473296,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mojave,"The game is fun and with over 30 enjoyable hours played I feel this is also a great value.  A lot of the charm comes from all the cultural references that might be lost on anyone born after 1990, but the mechanics and game play are still entertaining.  So... I recommend this."
76561197970726453,Not Recommended,394310,24239460,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DocCyber,"Punch Club is a neat idea. A Fighting Sim with an 80's movie, or saturday morning cartoon, plot and tons of little background nods to those and other pop culture stuff. Well, that's all mostly cosmetic and after it gets a smile out of you, it won't matter much in the following hours.The game consists of a constant grind to push your three physical attributes and signing up for fights to get points to buy attacks and perks while rising in rank in order to take on harder foes. The battles are automated and you can only influence them by choosing unlocked attacks, skills and a stance. Sometimes lady luck is on your side and you rock the fight, sometimes not so much and, despite good stats and good attacks, your guy is not more than a punching bag. Ok, guess that can be attributed to the simulation style of gameplay and it wouldn't be so bad, if keeping your stats up wouldn't be so grindy annoyingly hard. Here comes Punch Club's greatest flaw: Training drains your stamina and hunger quickly, also the 24 hours of the day you are given.After EVERY day, you'll lose a quite big amount of your stats. No matter if you were pumping iron the whole day, you still might drop down a level and you'll have to keep pumping the next day. Now, before that you must sleep and eat. Eating and training costs a lot of money at the start, so you must work a job... which drains hunger, stamina and daytime quickly. So you had to work and relax, probably setting your stats back by a bunch. Keeping you in a hard grind cicle early in the game. Then, after a while you might have your own gym in your garage and some money to spare and it gets a bit easier. Until the endgame, where it gets a whole lot grindy again. When you have to get your stats REAL high and also manage some other parameters I don't want to spoil now.As you can see, I played it for some time, and it was alright. But there comes the moment when clicking and watching your guy skip the rope just to then see him get his♥♥♥♥♥kicked by a hard opponent that gets lucky doesn't cut it any more. Not to forget, that every day again eats away at your stats, and the higher they are, the harder it gets to keep the level you desperately need to compete while 24 ingame hours run through your fingers like nothing over and over again.So, get it cheap if you want to try it. It's a nice experiment, but for 10 bucks you can get better ""grindan gaems""."
76561198118249763,Not Recommended,394310,24269816,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,brawltard,for me this game was way to hard like it seems like a fun game but the hunger and the energy went down way to fast and i couldn't even do antthing like i ran out of food and evergy and i used up all of the 3 free food that mick gives you for free so i was stuck ;(
76561197974112108,Not Recommended,394310,24303509,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SpidyM,Biggest pile of crap ive ever played.... unbalanced and unfair game..... takes you ages to get anywhere....(once you gain a level it drops by a third at the end of day)  and when you finally get some money you get some guy wants to fight you (and beat you) and he takes half of it.....boring crappy story...and just irritating to the point of putting your  head through TV screen!!  Avoid this!!!! even if its on sale!!
76561198241777858,Not Recommended,394310,24342199,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Lil Shitdick,wii sports boxing>this
76561198038679674,Not Recommended,394310,23928596,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shei Vinitras,"It's a shame I can't recommend this game for 9.99.  If you see it for 2.50 or so it's worth the price.  My problem with this game is the stat decay.  It is unwanted and only makes the game seem longer then it should be.  The gameplay, at its core, is great.  The game pretty much ends when you reach the mansion, unless you want to grind 3 hours just to get your stats to stay up.  I really don't know what the developers were thinking behind the stat decay.I'm going to retry with a different build but I'm expecting to hit the same exact wall."
76561198032522412,Recommended,394310,26470776,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Crusek,This game ate up about 60% of my weekend.  Hard and frustrating in the money making trade but overall I'me enjoying the hell out of it..   Great Game for the price.   Love the retro graphics and music.   Takes me back to my arcade days in the 80's  playing Punch Out and Final Fight.
76561198021475314,Recommended,394310,26474416,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Agram,"Great game, funn but lots of bugs"
,Recommended,394310,26423384,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Grong,"I haven't gone so far yet, but the begining didn't I like so much, but the small humor and the strategy is amazing. I might failed once, but after that I've become better and started to know what to do! :DThis game ain't bad so far, really loving it.EDIT:It have a lot bugs still (as I found), like freezing when you enter to somewhere. It have annoyed me a lot."
,Recommended,394310,24967249,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[Tech] Knoar,"Get this game when on sale.  Fun enough game, but the real value for me was paying attention to just how many references to 80s/90s movies, shows, cartoons, etc."
,Recommended,394310,24994591,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Taylor098,Saw youtubers play it probably would never of got it but is probably the best pixelated game i have seen would recommend add me to play :) Rated 7/10
,Not Recommended,394310,20759839,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Trachinus Draco,I did enjoy the game for awhile and I love the graphics.It's a bit repetitive at times as advertised and I did expect it so no complaints there.Also the story and little tidbits of nerdiness here and there are fabulous.However what killed the game for me is the bugs and until they're fixed the game is unplayable til that time.So this could change into a positive review when and if the game breaking bugs are sprayed.
,Recommended,394310,26453986,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TonyTalkSick,"The retro pixel art style is great. The day-to-day schedule managing in nice. I like the customization of which type of fighter you want to become. The story is funny and interesting, and the pop culture references is a hilarious touch. Awesome game. No complaints."
76561197996668645,Not Recommended,394310,33157067,Posted: 2 July,all,Lephtovermeet,"I want to like this game but it's really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off:Glitches glitches glitches - I have to close out the game every other hour or so. That a lone breaks it for me.Have more than $100 - you get robbed and apparently all street fighters are like 10x better than ranked amateur fighters so you get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked and lose half your money.Need money to eat and train, but read above problem.The meat of the game is great. Regular should be labelled hard and they need to have a regular option that isn't horrifically tedious where you don't get jumped by invincible gangsters the first time you have more than $100 in your pocket. I want to like it, but in it's current form it's broken as a program and tedious as a game so I can't really recommend it."
,Recommended,394310,29989147,Posted: 17 February,all,Comma Eight,"Simple little game, grindy yes but fun all the same.Great casual indie fair.Can I say casual and grindy in the same review? Yes I can.A little too much of both to play through more than once.That said it is too much $$$ for what it is. Am I recommending it?Umm err ahh... OK i will but only if you don't have something youare anticipating to play."
76561198023003091,Recommended,394310,26494341,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Pid,"A nice game with fun and funny elements.Many references to movies and other games.But it is a bit grindy when you have to keep your stats up.Train, train, train... for (in-game) weeks per fight!"
76561198033111044,Not Recommended,394310,23852857,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Der Smeagol,"Non-intuitive, cumbersome travel mechanic, unclear and intrusive quests, unreliable stats-results relationship."
76561198087605206,Not Recommended,394310,23872562,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Alex_PyroManiac,Thank god for cheats otherwise would have played it for 20 years.Game is fun at first but unfortunatley becomes a time consuming ♥♥♥♥♥.ending isn't worth it.
76561198006463994,Not Recommended,394310,24207736,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wolfer,Frustrating grind fest. You spent 95% percent of your time working against the automatic decay of your stats. Makes you feels very stupid after 1 hour.
,Not Recommended,394310,24234557,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kisuli,"Looks better than it is. Gets boring very fast, food is scarce and expensive, fighting is just looking at it for 30sec, then pressing a button to continue."
,Not Recommended,394310,24267461,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,BIG BEAUTIFUL DUMPLIN,Cool idea but annoying♥♥♥♥♥execution with too much decay in the late game that artificially extends play time
,Recommended,394310,26470857,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dritalin,"It's a time management game, it does get a little grindy at times. I didn't find it as challanging as other reviewers made it out to be. The art is on point, the pop-culture references are great. I enjoyed it, a lot actually."
,Not Recommended,394310,24553688,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,yarkill,"This game looks really great, but it's quite terrible...It's like not only graphics is retro, but unfortunately coding as well.It's really sad how broken the game is,spoiled with nonsense rules without any possibility to skip repetitive and boring animations - shakes & fidget is more interactive than this, sadly....This is such a waste for beautiful retro graphics!I'm very, very disappointed :("
76561198216721104,Recommended,394310,26451904,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,💀LathanKun💀,"Super Fun Game! I played like 4 hours straight, If you are just buying the game, Do super easy mode first, Then if you beat that or feels like its to easy go to normal mode. There are a ton of things to do in this game: To being a super hero, To fighting the teenage super ninja crocodile's. You should really get this game!!!!"
,Recommended,394310,26452284,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,EKS,"I really like this game 10/10, I love Punch Club now. Never been better👍👍👍👍"
76561197974237095,Recommended,394310,26409236,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[=SC=] Captain Picard,"Great fun, very addictive. Graphics look old school but it suits the game real well and is done like thsi on purpose to give it that retro feel."
76561198071591920,Not Recommended,394310,23875108,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,bucketman,A fun time-management RPG slowly turning into a tedious grindfest on its way to an abrupt cliffhanger finale.Amusing concept and beautiful pixelart VS broken skilltrees and lack of fastforward. With it's current pricetag the odds are probably mostly determined by your spare time and patience.
,Not Recommended,394310,20590645,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Terpal,"For full price (10$), I can't recommend this game.The game is for the most part fun and there aren't too many things to criticize, but there are two major things that really ruined my experience and eventually just made me quit the game.1. Very buggy. In my 6 hours of playing, I've had to restart the game at least 10 times because my character would get stuck and I couldn't click on anything. There have also been times where my character would get stuck in an activity (like sleeping) and I couldn't cancel it upon them reaching max rest, so I had to wait for a whole day while he slept until his hunger went too low, forcing him out of bed.2. SOOOOO GRINDY LATE GAME. OOOOOH gosh the grind late game is just awful, seriously, don't underestimate it. I read some reviews previous to buying saying that and thought ""Meh, it can't be that bad"". IT IS. Around 4 - 5 hours in, the game just becomes a nonstop grind if you want to increase skills. What makes the grind even more irritating is that at the end of every day, your skills all decay a bunch, so I'll spend my whole day training and I'll get a level in two skills and feel great, then when the day ends I lose 80% of what I've trained, and it's INFURIATING. Really awful, I seriously hope there are some cheats that can use, cause otherwise, I'm done with this game. Early on the grind isn't bad, especially because it's new, but after 5 hours it just becomes absolutely horrific.TLDR: Late game is ""OH GOD WHY KILL ME""-level of grind. Very buggy, have to restart game multiple times. GET ON SALE (50%+ off)."
76561198001747946,Not Recommended,394310,20515036,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Kaora,"Crippling penalties to progress. Slow grind.You never feel like you're actually doing anything worthwhile.Funny at times with the storyline.Would pass on this one if I had another chance to, was a waste of my time."
,Not Recommended,394310,30757526,Posted: 26 March,all,JoeyAdvanced,"I am about 16 hours into this game. Don't buy it for the story, it's really stupid. If you thought you were going to get fulfilling combat or anything like that you literally just watch your player fight. I got this game when it was 75% off because I thought the good music and art would make this a steal. All it does is steal your time and make you feel worse for investing any energy or expections into it.The music and gameplay is repetitive, the references are as plentiful as they are cheap, the jokes miss more than they hit, and oh my god, the typos are so abundant and embarrassing that they alone drop this game's score to pathetic levels. Watch gameplay of this game, and then realize that it is EASILY 12+ hours of the worst pay-to-play app that you've ever uninstalled. Would have given it a 4/10 but it made my eyes hurt, so it gets a solid 3/10. Wouldn't gift this to my worst enemy because then I'd be wasting money on a waste of potential. Again."
,Not Recommended,394310,26462395,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,You play gwent?,"GAME PROCESS- You need stats to fight better and progress in the game.- Every day at midnight you lose percentage of your stats.- You need to train to improve your stats.- You can't train if you are hungry.- You need money for food, therefore you should work.- You can't train if you work.- Either your balance goes down or your stats do.- As you progress it only gets worse.MY THOUGHTS ON THE GAMEEverything listed above makes up for the biggest chunk of the game leaving you very small room for trying out fighting moves and battling opponents.This mechanic could be good, but it turned out to be an endless boring loop of reptetive actions... with a painfully slow progression (and sometimes no progression at all).Sparring isn't great fun too. For example, you can switch tactics inbetween rounds, yet there is competely no reason to do it. If you picked wrong moves and started losing, it won't help anyway (won't compensate for recieved damage). And if you are winning - there is no need for moves switch in the first place.There are a few side-quests in the game, you may even try doing them. However, considering this mechanic of a daily stat loss, all these quests feel like a waste of time you could've otherwise spent training or working.Skilltree concerns me too. For example, if you decide your main stat is stamina, there is a skill ""Your stamina won't fall below 4/8/etc"" - why do I need that? It's my main stat, I spend most of my time grinding it anyway, it is the last stat that will go low! That's useless, yet you have to spend points on it in order to progress.CONCLUSIONI honestly see no reason to give this game a shot. It has potential, the concept is there, but in reality it is a boring chore to play. The execution is so rough you quickly start questioning yourself why do you even bother playing it? All you do is grinding stats and money, no fun involved whatsoever."
,Recommended,394310,31176263,Posted: 16 April,all,JMPunk,"Punch Club is not a game for everyone. Fans of the genre will love it, but a certain repetitiveness makes it not recommended to those looking for adrenaline and action in a videogame.Truly an homage to the glorious eighties, Punch Club is an interesting project with a good challenge level."
,Recommended,394310,26429166,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ghost,"I have no idea why there are so many negative reviews, for $3 NZD I have been really enjoying this game"
76561197973155242,Recommended,394310,20549566,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ridgedog,"Why can't I buy a Jump rope for my garage? Can I never make enough money for whatever space-age material a JUMP ROPE IS MADE OF? I GOTTA SPEND 10 BUCKS every time I want to jump rope.IF this was the way the real world, every young girl would be broke the moment she received her allowance.Let me buy a jump rope please? or just maybe a regular rope that i trick myself into thinking is a so-called ""JUMP ROPE"".Just a thought, kinda makes sense if you think about it.Best wishes and many free jump ropings to you and yours!-Ridgedog"
76561198077509591,Not Recommended,394310,24542658,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,where are my pants?,I wish I never bought this game.
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,394310,23961632,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Barbarossa Bey,"I was in love with the game when I first started playing.. then I find out that every day I lose stamina, agility and strength automatically instead of gaining.Big fail.On the rookie tournament, I didn't even reach semi finals and I was put against a fighter with 8/5/8 and you barely have 4/4/4... another fail.On the underground fighting, my 2nd fight was with a fighter same level than me, but he destroyed me with so many combos and I barely landed 1 successful hit. Another fail.Story is so good, and the variety/events are interesting, but only the daily loss of player's abilities destroys the game completely. I was excited to continue playing however not in this state."
,Not Recommended,394310,23850214,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Doctor Dex,"Spent over a month training to get beat up and robbed repeatedly.Before I go on my little rant I'd like to point out the art-style and the setting of the game are very nice.You can tell a lot of passion was put into the project and to be fair it is well put together.However there are quite a few problems that make the game extremely frustrating for me.Earning money and raising stats is a repetitive grind, which wouldn't be too bad if the game wasn't so punishing.The fights feel completely random and you have no significant input to change to tide of battle.You might as well flip a coin to determine the outcome of battles.I lost about 10 fights in a row because I kept running out of energy.So I saved up enough money to buy some equipment to improve my cardio.But after three days of delivering pizzas, I got beat up on the way to the store and lost half my money.I was significantly stronger than my mugger, but that didn't mean much as he kept dodging all of my attacks.Please add an easier difficulty mode or some kind of optional cheats. (Just something to ease the pain)I can't enjoy a game based around grinding if the game keeps taking away my progress for arbitrary reasons.Sorry that I'm being so negative, but the game just feels very unfair to me.I will have another crack at it, but I don't think my opinion will change unless my issues are addressed in some way."
,Not Recommended,394310,23105023,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Capitals,While it is reasonably fun for a bit. It ends up being a clicker where all you progress can get jeopodized by some poor planning that you could not have the forsight to overcome.
76561198248559282,Not Recommended,394310,20559877,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dr. Snoopy,basically i love this game but u can't do nothing
,Recommended,394310,20627622,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Zoey,EatSleepTrainFightWinRepeat 50xBecome ChampPunch Sub zeroBecome True Mortal Kombat
76561198262940123,Recommended,394310,20448865,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,丨>Alex<,tooooo hard but tooooo addictive...................
76561198128777358,Not Recommended,394310,20410342,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Burn XII,grindy yet unrewarding.. not for me.
76561198005619622,Recommended,394310,26467207,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Zekka,"This is an unashamedly dickish fighting game simulator with a lot of mechanics that feel trashy and antiquated. It's very easy to get into a near-unwinnable state and you will need to make multiple playthroughs or follow a build if you want to beat it. There's several difficulty cliffs including a serious one right up near the end of the game, and losing fights frequently gives you penalties that will make it hard to climb back to where you were before.I really enjoyed it -- I think it's super weird for a game to show this kind of sadism, but it's presented in a way that's super good-natured and glib. The way it presents really bad stuff reminds me a little bit of Nethack. It's meticulously balanced, though (arguably unlike Nethack) and it doesn't feel like the choices you make are that open-ended. This might appeal to you if you're a relentless optimizer, but if you're a fan of sophisticated character-building games like Dungeon Crawl, I don't think you'll like Punch Club's take on these mechanics.You probably won't complete this game if:- you want to feel like you're good at it.- you prefer ""fair"" difficulty.- you get upset when bad things happen to the character you play.- you get upset when game text misleads you about what your choices mean.- you have low tolerance for grinding. (you can expect at least 40% of your playtime to be spent waiting for character actions to complete)- you don't like starting over from scratch.If those things are turnoffs but you like the presentation -- text, sidequests, etc -- you can avoid a ton of the ugly parts of the gameplay by trying the new ""Suuuper easy"" mode. which gets you a pretty neat theme park to walk around in.I haven't talked about the writing because everyone talks about that -- but this game really does have a lot of sidequests and dialogue, a lot of it even coming with unique animations. There's a lot of reference humor -- it's pretty good, but it's just reference humor, so you probably already know whether you like that kind of thing. There's also some good mostly-original jokes: it doesn't really seem like the developers view references as a crutch."
76561198131512792,Recommended,394310,28497884,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,injuredgaiden,"A neat and clever, pop culture soaked, retro inspired career sim.If you think a sim game shouldn't involve some micro-managing and grinding, don't buy this game.But if you enjoy grinding and sim games in general, or have always wanted to live inside an 80's action movie, this game is for you.Great sound track, simple yet deep mechanics, incredibly clever jokes and references and a satisfying rpg loop.Some people complain about the stat decay, but i get exactly what the devs are going for. It can be frustrating to some, but it's the best way to accurately simulate the challenge of keeping your skills sharp and climbing the ranks of a competitive sport. I find it incredibly satisfying.Punch Club is not a masterclass, but it's a damn fun ride.So grab a frozen pizza, put on the Rocky theme music and bang out some reps."
76561198199994350,Recommended,394310,29017367,Posted: 4 January,all,SilentMewtwo | MARK,i think its a awesome game but i think the best thing that could be added would be multiplayer and i think alot of people would agree
76561198022144144,Recommended,394310,26466750,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Cesium Rainbow,"tl;dr buy;play;enjoyI usually try to post detailed reviews.  Not putting the time into writing one now but I wanted to correct the fact that I don't have a thumbs-up for Punch Club.I didn't buy Punch Club at first bc I thought it would be too casual.  I despise anything resembling an idle game.  But a game drought (and maybe a sale, don't remember) brought me back and I found myself hooked til it was beat.  The devs did a wonderful job hitting the sweet spot between depth and accessibility while generally maintaining good balance.  I should mention up front that my original endurance-build character worked pretty well eventually and if my preferred build didn't work out I might not have enjoyed the game as much.By ""worked out pretty well"" I mean he didn't literally die in the ring.  I like a challenge and Fight Club provided it.  In fact one of my few complaints is the sometimes high grind requirement.  If the management aspect didn't keep me hooked I might not have hung thru the grind, and I'd imagine the same would apply for anyone else.  I found alot of enjoyment in my fighter's development and management tho and was consistently pleased by the new mechanics and plot development added in gradually.  The game changes pretty massively depending on what plot phase you're in so some might find themselves disappointed when the script flips.  I enjoyed myself beginning to end.Graphics and sound are charming but par for the course.  I myself woulda happily paid $20; $10 is good value and ANY SALE is a bargain.Trying a whole different build with the new, free expansion now and will update and expand if necessary."
,Recommended,394310,27078567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Salad,"This game will keep you saying, ""just 5 more minutes, just one more work out, only one more fight""And now with the new steam workshop update, there is always more to do."
,Recommended,394310,27354530,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JD,"Punch Club is an entertaining, stat managing game with an interesting plot and fun game mechanics that is a great blend of strategy, intregue, and enjoyment. I highly reccomend this game, especially at its $4.99 sale price. It's seriously worth it."
76561198067111979,Recommended,394310,26468048,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Rock Angel,"Ive just bought the game and i love it! Its a perfect mix beetween a box simulator and a rpg game. The story as far as ive played its great!. The music is great! I just love the game!Also u like the way that u dont need a minimum time of play, u can play 5 minutes or a whole day."
76561198006886760,Recommended,394310,28969831,Posted: 3 January,all,SidneyBoo,"if you grew up in the 80'd  you can't give this a bad review...however as a game and speaking of its gameplay/mechanics its very boring. You definitely will have fun and have a few laughs but the game quickly becomes a terrible grind - and even worse than that still; the grind grinds back against you (as you lose stats everyday).The game lost interest for me when i figured that i might as well work a bunch of days in a row and lose most of my stats to make a stockpile of money and get strong from there.... it took a while...and i didn't get much stronger... I dont think im gonna bother trying to beat it. The game doesnt need to be this grindy and feels like theres very little reward for doing almost anything.Its also kind of funny that all this work is to build your stats and as you play you really dont feel like raising ur stats is doing anything. What is actually important it turns out is the perks...which by the endish section of the game gets harder and harder to obtain...and by harder i mean grindier.Id like to see a part 2 of this...maybe go like predator 80's kinda commando movies or something? they made a great game it deserves most of the praise it gets, however theres sooo much to build on. Await a second."
76561198032917128,Recommended,394310,28471366,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dobbs,"The stat decay is definitely an issue for some folks, but I found the game fun and was able to beat it pretty easily on Normal. You just have to resign yourself to constantly making enough gains to slowly build up your stats and then go crazy and pump up one or two main ones right before the fight. Punch Club just requires a different mindset and level of patience. Your fighter will never be a perfectly leveled up snowflake capable of smashing everything without losing, and I found that part fun.The game is not super deep, and I don't know that the replayability is there once you've seen the different storylines, but I feel like I got $10 worth of fun out of it on my playthrough."
,Recommended,394310,27903044,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tieuma_,"Great retro-boxing-simulation game. Some funny easter eggs, great music, beautiful pixel-art,... Totally worth the 6$ I paid for."
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,394310,31748282,Posted: 14 May,all,AiDec,Too boring for me :(
76561198046669210,Recommended,394310,28568808,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,adel.hrron™,games 9/10Full of easter eggsPros : - Ambience 10/10- Gameplay 9/10- Music 9/10- Graphics 9/10- Easter Eggs
,Recommended,394310,27793334,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xargi,"If you are not afraid to play repetete games, this could be a good one for you. The Playmechanics are quite simple and is combining a little bit of a tamagatochi (Get your ""Hero"" satisfied"") and a little bit of Rock paper scissors (choose the best solution against your enemy and fitting to your abilities).If you can live with these simple mechanics, or even like them like I do, then you will get rewarded with some good jokes and many movie references. Definitly worth  a buy (maybe in a  sale)"
,Recommended,394310,26529927,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AGAM,"It's worth to try. A bit fun.Good job lazy bear, hope you guys make another one with a longer and complex story."
76561198023894564,Recommended,394310,25220496,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Coach,"Great game.  Enjoyed the experience.  The humor is great, and is done well.  Pokes fun at the whole 80's Rocky era.  Anyone who loves the 80's or Rocky, will enjoy the game.  I've played the game 5 times now just to make sure I experienced all the game has to over.  Game can be a bit glitchy at times, but nothing that should deter you from getting this game.  Would buy again.  No regrats, not even one letter."
76561197970345755,Recommended,394310,26538523,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,scoop20906,"(8/10) - This is a pretty neat throwback kind of game with tons of references to 80s and 90s action hero tropes. I enjoyed the gameplay with is slowly building up your character and taking on harder and harder fights and the game seems to have a sense of progression that most games of this design do not. I found it a nice relaxing game to play with no need to twitch based game play. In the end however I was surprised how abrupt the game ended but I won't spoil it for those who want to play it. Overall, I think it is a great game with a little replay-ability in that you can try to beat the game with the three different build types. November 11, 2016"
,Recommended,394310,26513867,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SCOTTSTAT,a fun boxing rpg. Note: Grind hard to get tougher (i mean higher stat)
76561198124437748,Recommended,394310,20666420,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Junya,I Love this GameAt first a little bit Hard but with time it gets easierIn the end for 10 € its a nice GameAnimefreak568
76561198009707780,Not Recommended,394310,30931299,Posted: 3 April,all,x.vadim,"I have played about several hours some time ago and dropped it. Because of stats decay this game very much like f2p game where you have to grind all the time or donate money to play with comfort. Except there is no option to donate, because its not f2p and devs actually think you will like grinding. I thought i'll return to this game when i read devs added casual difficulty with no stats decay but they also disabled achievements in that mode - probably because they think only effort you need to do is to grind, no grind - no difficulty at all. So that's that, it's became nobrainer wihout grind, it's not my opinion but devs', obviously. Be warned."
76561198120594782,Recommended,394310,30834040,Posted: 30 March,all,Glajimator,"After finishing the game here are my first impressions:-This is a game about making gains.All kinds of gainz...-Andrian is a Gold Digger-So many classic movies combined together-Bear is the best way to go-Sacrifices realism to achieve a complete experience but fails in some parts.Given attention to a more realistic approach the game would be much better,not that is bad the way it is.It has the potential to be a real simulation-Skill drop is realistic and did not really bother me,challeging as well-Excellent idea overall-Ninja turtles,WWF,Rocky,Mortal Kombat,Street fighter,Bruce lee,elements of all and references are included and the game is obviously influenced by them.If you are a fan of any of those you will love it-Well designed skill tree-Combat has no real interaction but is still fun-Would love to see mma elements and blood,injury effectsOverall this is a unique and good game and if you are a fan of fighting you will love it.It is not worth the full price but certainly get it on sale it is worth it  7.5/10."
76561198071685696,Recommended,394310,31957603,Posted: 25 May,all,manny-o-matic,"Has a good mix of fun and cheese, though there is a lot of grinding involved in training the character. Worth getting only when it's discounted."
76561198009352787,Recommended,394310,26409116,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Talon,"1.30 UPDATE EDIT:The Dev Added a new mode called 'Super Easy Mode' with stat decay turned off.I am very thankful for this option to play with no stat-decay, but it does *not* change the fact that it took them a very long time (many months) to give us this option.I have decided to change my review to positive in light of the fact that they *did* *finally* *after @#$*ing MONTHS* add an option that the community had been begging for.... That said, I am *never* going to purchase another of this dev's game. They simply don't listen to their customer, and I am not going to support (yet another) dev with such a distain for their game's community.Original Review:I can't enjoy this game with the stat decay. The community has been very vocal about wanting the option to turn it off, but the devs don't seem to be interested in what their paying customers have to say.I would advise people to check out a lets play before you buy, as the stat decay can really spoil the entire experience.Devs - Listen to your customers. Make stat decay optional."
76561198148883654,Recommended,394310,31901172,Posted: 22 May,all,dandroid.dfl,Amazing Game!It's very nostalgic and very detailed. I love to play and get inside of the game like a real fighter in the real life ( or a life of the 90's and 80's movies.)Worth every nickels and I'm sick for a sequel and more games like that with other theme because the mechanic is awesome.
,Recommended,394310,31890739,Posted: 21 May,all,SLEEPYSOULS,"Pretty good game if you can get it cheap however, wont stimulate for a long time like some longer games. However I reckon it is a very good quality, again only if you get it cheap."
76561198043691447,Recommended,394310,26483259,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Induced_Current,"One of the best games I have ever played.  Also, great developer.  They released an awesome expansion for free."
,Recommended,394310,26448534,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Bruno,The best retro game I ever played.
76561198059744284,Not Recommended,394310,23911972,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PeanutButterAndJamie [No Mic],"Punch Club is pretty Sub-Par*NOTE: This is my experience about 4 hours into the game.PositivesGood story that progresses just at the right pace and introduces new things at just the right time.Nice artstyleNegativesThe fighting portion is pretty sub-par.Enemies almost always have more tabs for moves. This makes fighting pretty unfair considering they can do far more things that can build up combos, and destroy you in the ring.The fighting feels very random at times. I could beat the opponent in every stat, make sure my stats are balanced perfectly, have better moves, AND STILL get beat pretty bad. On the other hand, I could barely be prepared for a fight and somehow defeat the opponent with very basic moves.Literally the only thing you do in fights is watch and at the end of every round you can change what moves you have availableExercising can feel pretty unrewarding, as after EVERY DAY you lose some points in all of your stats. This means that you only get about half of what you put in to the exercise. And even when you do get your stats high, its almost as though it sometimes has no effect in your performance in a fight (like I mentioned in a previous point).(This is a very Minor point) Food doesn't really give you much hunger regen. The only food that I buy that actually is somewhat helpful is Steak, but this costs $20 a pop so I spend way more time at my job than I want to.The screenshots and pictures don't really show that it's a point-and-click game, I actually expected it to be more of a fighter style game.I really wish I could get a refund, but I accidently left the game running over night so I have like 17 hours recorded.TL;DRThe story and art style is good, the rest of the game is either frustrating or average."
,Not Recommended,394310,23906753,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jadekitten,"seems cool, but REALLY needs a tutorial, i don't even really understand basic elements"
76561198041091179,Not Recommended,394310,24057631,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Daivahataka,"Spend ages grinding for some money just so you can spend ages grinding for some stats, loose most of those stats while you again grind for more money, rinse repeat, whoops you just got beaten up and robbed and lost half your money.Seriously go play the sims instead."
,Recommended,394310,26647719,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BRUNIN,GOOD
,Not Recommended,394310,23963626,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Aeon,Guys save and exit not working! ...but i'm trying to enjoy
76561198099264018,Not Recommended,394310,23799192,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,hot wheels,"At first when i bought the game , i really liked it , i was happy that i bought it. But after a hour of playing it gets boring really quickly. It gets so repetitive Eat - Sleep - Train - Buy Food - Work - Fight it just gets boring and not fun to play. Really wanted to like it but it should have something more to it."
76561198064398808,Not Recommended,394310,23879860,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,VintageTech,"The game seems like it would be fun, but it gets old pretty quickly.  The training/fighting/making money is completely off-balance and designed to give the illusion of a long game.  Want to load up Cheat Engine to ease your progress, or perhaps for some replay value? Too bad, you are out of luck unless you are an advanced user.   I would say its value at Steam Summer Sale (75% off, selling at $2.49) is what the game should be at full price.With that said, the game isn't all bad.  It just isn't worth dropping 10 dollars."
76561198272389092,Not Recommended,394310,23883600,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,V.A.C. Efron,"please can someone help me? i thought i'd love this game cause it looked amazing i just can't play it, it didn't give that spark. i want to love it cause its got so many amazing refrences but. can someone tell me if i can refund this?"
76561198005818530,Not Recommended,394310,23910164,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CCND|RondasHeadMovement,One of the best fighter management games I've played until you reach the end of the game where it becomes a ridiculous grindfest if you don't have the right build.
76561198068743870,Not Recommended,394310,23965458,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lord Micidial,Tedious...just tedious.
,Not Recommended,394310,24037217,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,bridgye,"Much like Pokemon, you choose your specialty build early in Punch Club-- strength, stamina, or agility. If you choose agility (Way of the Tiger), you will have a supremely difficult time building your stats high enough to finish the game compared to the other tracks.The game has a lot of fun with the plot; and I did like the dialogue, humorous characters, and overall story line. The player character is a caricature of the dumb jock in 90s fight movies; he even flexes his biceps if he stands in once place for a few seconds (""Don't speak"", your manager admonishes). There are lots of fighting in-jokes, like the ""Stoney"" poster in your garage (Rocky Balboa), and fighting your way through the TMNT.But the endless grinding (your stats deplete every day) and Way of the Tiger let-down was too much to overcome."
,Recommended,394310,27734045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TaZ,I think its a verry good game for killing time and brings back nostalgia
,Recommended,394310,26475004,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,black sheep,I spent all my life in this game and the ending 'Im am your father' Holy ♥♥♥♥ best game ever :)
76561198081238279,Recommended,394310,27286289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Motta,Rocky Simulator
76561198026946519,Recommended,394310,28876956,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MAD-3bdullh,These are for the game reminded me of the movie Rocky Balboa but pretty
76561197968928855,Recommended,394310,32679648,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,Funny story and a good enough verity of ways to play that it has a lot of reply value.
76561197980109046,Not Recommended,394310,20546835,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ROM KNIGHT,"Buy it on the phone, not on PC...This game is a good time killer, with a potentially intresting story and a very appealing visual design... but it is intestly boring to sit down and play on its own.If you're on a subway or bored at work, sure, this game is a 7/10, if you're at home, trying to finish out the day and use what little free time you probably have, its a 3/10.You don't control the fights (you just watch, no minigame, or anything), the training you do to improve your steadily degrading stats is achieved by clicking and watching (a few minigames, or anything... wouldn't have gone amiss). The central mechanic to how successful you are at using your in game days is balacing energy with need for food and your mood, which all decreases as you work at a job...A lot of time spent ""playing"" the game is spent balancing these stats... it's really boring after awhile and you just want to play (sorry, ""watch"") the game you paid out 10$ for after awhile...Another thing that kind of fell flat for me is the cameos different 90s movie actors. They're not thrown in any kind of way that would imply the designer didn't do it just to say ""Look! Tyler from fight club!"" ... the pixelated character you meet is actually named Tyler... and is out back of the same bar in the movie... This follows suit with a few others - although, the ninja turtle you meet is a aligator, which is kind of cool.Comparing this to a game like Chroma Squad brings out its flaws. Both are meant to be pixelated 90s nostolga trips down memory lane, to the shows and violent fight movies of our youths, but Punch Club just seems... idk... recycled...3/10. I basically only enjoyed the art.(also enemies dont play by the same rules, some of them have like 6 skills set up to your 2 skills...)"
,Not Recommended,394310,20755871,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lumii,"This game may be fun for certain people, but for me it was horrid. I like tycoon games like this, but the gameplay is WAY too dragged out in this. It's basicallyclick,wait a while, at the same time you are watching the same animation, over and over and over again.click again,more waiting....Addtionally, the game gets way too repetitive. To sum the game up it's basically fighting, work, training. That's it.That's.Literally.It.I wouldn't recommend Punch Club unless you like staring at the same animation for hours upon end."
,Recommended,394310,26542518,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ryuk,"First of all, I gotta say the game is REALLY hard. it's not insane but it is what the games used to be and we forgot after a while.first 4 hours of the game was really unsatisfying as you feel like you won't progress much as a fighter and see yourself doing job + workout all the time and still you're poor and out of fitness. but after the hard work on first 4 hours, you understand the game mechanic and then good things happen to the story of the game. This might be a spoiler:""you won't be doing that worker job forever, just be patient!""Pros:- Well made gameplay- Funny dialogues and kinda good story- Skill trees for everyone's taste- Takes a lot of efforts being a champion (Strategy etc)Cons:- Maybe a little too hard in the beginning for some and they may give up the game as they won't feel they achieve anything by doing all the hard stuff in beginning of the game"
76561198031330148,Not Recommended,394310,20729173,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Double Jameson,"This is a fun little game. However there just isn't enough to recommend.This game is silly fun. However there is no real meat on it. Combat is passive, select your skills and watch. The game becomes quite the grind after a while with alot of the fights you will lose rather unfairly with nothing you can do.Outside of combat the game is just a series of filling meters. Training to raise your stats (which drop at the end of every day) work for money ,again watch a meter fill up. Buy food and sleep.If its on sale and your really curious give it a go, otherwise there is alot better stuff out there."
76561197970971064,Not Recommended,394310,20647547,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Boris The Blade,"Basically a single-player grindfest. You might not notice it at first but then all it comes down is grind-grind-grind.Really tried to push it through and finish the game, but to hell with it. Worst money ever spent on Steam."
76561198001367310,Recommended,394310,26424163,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,qwertycannon,Very fun!
,Recommended,394310,26408496,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,dejaqwho,8/10
,Not Recommended,394310,23961351,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Darknuke,"Ugh, I wanted to like this game so much. It's got a lot of charm and depth to it. The grind-fest is just too much though.I cannot deal with how tedious the life aspects of the game are. It's painfully slow to progress and I always feel like I'm barely able to scrape by with my income.The fighting mechanics are enjoyable and I definitely felt like there was a decent amount of strategy to be had. I just couldn't convince myself to keep playing any longer. I was getting sooooo frustrated balancing my stats, money, and quest completions.The devs had good intentions, but they focused a bit too heavily on grinding to make this a truly enjoyable game for anyone but the most persistent of gamers."
76561198019444883,Recommended,394310,26408929,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Major Lithium,Great game !
76561197965396869,Not Recommended,394310,23859366,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Macdallan,"No.  No, no no.  Do not buy this unless you want a semi-idle game.  Yes.  Semi-idle.  I'll explain.  You run, or bus, around the city training a fighter.  A fighter who loses stats daily.  Yes, this can be mitigated.  You buy food, sleep, work out, work, talk to a few people here and there, upgrade your home gym, participate in tournaments and generally sim it up pretty good.  You never use the washroom or shower, but you have to keep your happiness meter high or your training suffers.  That's all the non-idle stuff, mostly.  Everything is accomplished with a click or two, then you watch and wait.The worst part of the game is the actual punching.  Kicking.  Dodging.  Blocking.  Yes, the fighting.  It's atrocious.  You select some ""moves"" and click start.  Then you.... sit there and wait.  A long time.  Then the round ends.  During the round you will lose some fatigue and some health, depending on what moves you picked and how many times your opponent hits you.  Run out of fatigue and you seem to take a hard hit that does more damage (critical hit, maybe?) and knocks you on your back.  But you sit there, waiting.  Watching, sure, but you're not.  Doing.  Anything.  The action oriented part of the game leaves you simply waiting on break between rounds where you can change your moves.  Then click start again and..... .....  .......    ..... wait some more.If the rounds went faster, it honestly wouldn't be so bad.  But it's bad.  And annoying.  And boring.  You watch fatigue + and - numbers and damage numbers pop up over the fighter's heads.  They conveniently remain to the left and right sides of each other, never doing more than a few repetitive actions and often just standing there for a while waiting - just like you are!Yeah, it's not great.  I expected more.  There's some depth here, and for the style they chose the graphics are decent.  Sounds... meh, didn't really stand out as good or terrible, but they lean toward the latter a bit more than the former.If you like idle games and watching your character just do things with zero input other than the click that gets them started, and I mean watching them for long, drawn out periods of time, then you might like this game.  I found myself playing longer than I thought I would in my first go, but mostly because everything takes so damn long.  Still, I played later into the evening than I should have so there is something addictive about this.  But, then again, there's also something addictive about crack."
,Not Recommended,394310,23912102,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MKrichel,"This is not so much a fighting simulation as it is a time managment game. You need to constantly balance time, money, and fights - and one requires the other to function. However, the rewards barely cover the cost and to get to the point where you have enough resources to advance in a meaningful way requires a very frustrating and time-consuming grind. It's a shame because the game can be very engaging and fun, but the cost of playing is anger and frustration."
76561198055319953,Recommended,394310,26423970,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,x bbq pringles,"i started playing this game when i first stared training, life was similar to how you play this game (90% less pizza's) and it did encourage me to train harder when i played this on breaks, i strongly recommend this if you are training and are looking for a time killer"
76561198259241051,Recommended,394310,32071148,Posted: 30 May,all,umadbud115,good game maybe a bit grindy but still great
,Not Recommended,394310,23859774,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jcnabble,"This game is pretty bad because the fights get super unfair in no time.Combat is fustrating becuase you can be winning the entire fight and then once you're out of energy you will lose pretty much instantly.And I had higher stats then the other guy, yet he got 6 punches on me when I can't get 1 which is filthy.Other than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat it is alright."
,Not Recommended,394310,23910511,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mesh,"Thoroughly disappointed.The pixel artist(s) did a great job on making this game look beautiful and breathe personality.The game balancer, however, did not. The game is mind-numbingly frustrating to me because I really wanted to like it, because it had everything going for it during my first hour of playing it. It has amazing pixel art, it has tons of 90s references which I always appreciate, but the gameplay...Look, it's repetitive. That's not always necessarily a bad thing if the reward of doing said repetitive task was lucrative and rewarding, but it's really not. At the end of each in-game ""day"" (each action you take in the game makes the in-game time go by faster depending on what you do), you lose some of your accumulated skill progress in each of your three main stats, and getting them back up is a matter of balancing your health, energy, happiness and hunger (as well as money). This can put you at a position in the game where you have no possibility of training your skills back up, because you're broke, hungry and tired. (Pretty realistic, right?)No, except you can't sleep if you're hungry. No food in the fridge? Better work to get some money to buy food. Oh no that's right, you can't work your job if you're hungry even if you have the energy, the game just shuts you out mid-way through the process even if you had enough to start it up.So you're hungry and tired, and no money since you can't work. Well, can you at least work on your base stats to keep in shape for upcoming fights? Don't be ridiculous, you can't pay the gym entry fee to do that. Or work to buy your own gym equipment, which if I might add, is a colossal waste of time and in-game money, it's better and more lucrative to always visit the gym. This might get you stuck, if you haven't progressed far enough to unlock the ""Bar"" location on the map, or ""Roy's place"" (because these two places give you the options of  A) a trashy cheeseburger from a garbage can if you're hungry and need fuel for a job, and B) slowly watching your fighting stats deterioate as you slowly see your hunger and energy levels tick up, respectively)There are a lot of more nitpicks I have with the game, but these are my main ones. It could have been such an enjoyable game, I hate saying this but.. it has POTENTIAL. (I wouldn't recommend buying it as is, though)"
,Not Recommended,394310,23986643,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jobabob,A good idea with poor balance leading to a frustrating game overall. Got into a false loop of being forced into situations I couldn't win and couldn't bear starting the whole process again.
76561198246570474,Not Recommended,394310,24108192,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Antifreedomring,loet me start by saying i LOVE the game but having to restart my game every 10 mins because my character is moving back and forwards on the spot is soul destroying. so i cannot recommed this game untill said issue is sorted
76561198079367936,Not Recommended,394310,26535913,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Faydens,Punch club does almost evrything right. Its hard to hate this game but after you repeatedly grind for hours you begin to start finding it hard to love. This game had so much potential but you have to grind too hard to have fun.
,Recommended,394310,24966119,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,luke,"Really good game! Love the art and gave me heaps of entertainment.Rating ~ 9/10WHY?Well, Punch Club is a fantastic game and i really enjoyed it. But my biggest problem was this;YOU LOSE STATS EACH DAY!! That is a huge thing and i went from 20 agility to 19 on my fight day, and i had no time to train. So, its a fantastic game, and i really liked it but the stat loss thing ;-;"
,Not Recommended,394310,24446598,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,galveston,This game is balanced by a ♥♥♥♥ing sadist.
76561198069716318,Recommended,394310,30803157,Posted: 28 March,all,broznos9,"First off Awesome game, but the end game crashes on me and I can not complete.  I created 2 seperate characters came to the last boss beat him and then it is telling a story and crashes...  So I cant even see what happenes at the end.  FIX THAT DEV"
76561198038114347,Recommended,394310,30747111,Posted: 26 March,all,paulkeller,This game is so addictive and great fun to play. It has as great retro feel and sounds like early PC SoundBlaster/Adlib which is fantastic. Would recommend this game to anyone who grew up playing the 16-bit classics and wants a nostaligia trip.
,Recommended,394310,27971267,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GobixGobi,It is not a action game.A kind of Boxing Simulation.
76561197969135336,Recommended,394310,26693359,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,js81pa,"Don't let stat loss fears get in the way of avenging your fathers death.I played this game in medium difficulty and had no problem beating the game. It was a bit challenging at times but that is when you figure out another way. Always more time to grind out something. At one point, i was just working and sleeping to fill up the fridge and spent lots of days doing it. It was fun to try different things like that.Totally recommend this game even at full price. Has a very vintage feel to it that most games lost over the years."
76561197967288659,Not Recommended,394310,28661348,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Товарищ Growl,"I'm sure this game gets better the more time you put into it. However the micro managing of my sleep, earning money, food, excercise then the brutal punishment of losing gains every day is just too much for me to want to play this longer. Yes I know there are skill upgrades that prevent each stat from falling below X but the fact is without those (mandatory) upgrades the game would lose all of it's remaining appeal.The money you earn doesn't last because it goes towards steaks. 1 steak = 20$ and you need to eat 2 to fill up your energy, then sleep half a day to fill up ... your other energy where upon you can eat 1 more steak to replenish the first energy. That's 60$... but you earn 50$ in construction ($30 delivering pizzas) and if you focus on working 3 - 4 before you get tired that's 200$ which seems great but you just lost a bunch of the muscle you earned the days before because you focused on working.This is a negative feedback loop / design. It punishes the player in an effort to encourage them to play optimal cycles... which really isn't fun to me.If you don't mind the grind early on I'm sure there is a good game somewhere in here."
76561198125600914,Not Recommended,394310,20642384,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,tykwondo86,"The Concept of the game seems fun, manage a fighter and try to become the best, and for the 1st hour or so it is quite fun but some glaring problems right off the bat. Combat is 100% RNG based, meaning you have no control of what your guy does, more often then not he just stands there for some time and literally eats there attacks and my dodging abilities don't proc either, making me lose a fight I normally should have won. Or sometimes I would dominate the 1st round then apparently forget how to fight for the remainder of the match and just eat his attacks. Or my energy would just plummet for undisclosed reasons and falls significantly faster then my opponents. Most of my opponents didn't have anything to drain my stamina or energy either and my stamina is usually far superior as well so I really don't know why it just randomly drops some fights and then on a rematch against the exact same person with the exact same stats and moves my energy literally doesn't move during the fight and I blow them away. It is just bad examples of RNG ruining what is otherwise a fun system. Allow us to actually control the fight this would remove a lot of the stress and annoyance with the fighting systemThe stats and skills are also comically unbalanced. Agility is by far the best as it literally has no weakness it gives you. Increases your dodging chance and chance to hit. The skills in the category(way of the tiger) have high natural base damage so strength is 100% completely worthless and focus around dodging and counter attacking. Dodging of course is god like and it makes the attack miss. Strength just raises your damage but has a pretty serious flaw, it significantly increase the energy cost of your skills. The skills that go with Strength(way of the bear) focus on blocking, which reduces the damage you take, vastly inferior to dodging. The attacks are powerful but come with a low chance to hit, meaning you are never going to hit anyone as everyone has good agility so chances of hitting these moves are to low. Stamina is good for regaining energy during fights and it's tree(way of the turtle) focus around odd skills that debuff your opponent, dealing respectable damage and taking tremendous amounts of punishment. Unfortunately these skills don't seem to work, at all. If they do then the effect need to be buffed quite a bit. In fact both Strength and Stamina need buffed heavily. Give the Strength attacks a very high base chance to hit and actually make the Stamina skills work or if they do work make them actually worth using as of right now no point. Agility can arguably be nerfed significantly by making your damage lower the more points of Agility you acquire. This would balance things out a lot, As far as training the stats it is a grind fest of grind fests and can literally take HOURS to raises stats even by a few levels at higher and later stages of the game. To make it worse you lose a significant amount of stats at the end of the day and can literally lose all the time and effort needed to raise them in the 1st place, especially if you get hurt or need to make money you can lose days of progress in just 1 day. Significantly reducing or even removing the stat dropping system would be a major boon for the game, it's not fun seeing days of progress go away simply because I needed to work to make money.Finally there is the money issue. At the start money is hard to come by as your jobs are delivering pizza and working construction. Both pay terribly and really hurt your non combat stats(hunger, energy, mood all of which are needed to be efficient at workouts adding more issues to the stat system.)After getting into the yellow league at the ultimate fights did my money issue go away as you make good money there but prior to that it is just simply enraging as fighting in the rookie league only gives about 20 bucks and ultimate fights give more but not enough. Making money so rare and hard to come by at the start on top of everything else just adds unwanted stress to a already stressful game. Later on money and food is no longer and issue but early on it is a major problem, and if you do it wrong a potentially game ending one. And by game ending I mean literally game ending, start a new game and try again game ending, which is inexcusable and lazy difficulty addition.Overall its not a bad game and has a good concept with a bad story but the concept alone is enough just has a few major problems that need fixed as currently things are quite unbalanced and the RNG factor needs to be removed ASAP as that alone would make the game recommendable to play, even though it is quite overpriced as this game is not worth $10. Maybe $5 but I'm being generous. Wait to purchase but keep an eye on the updates to learn when the game will be fixed, as currently it is almost unplayable at the start do to how badly the deck is stacked against you. I didn't find it fun, I honestly thought at times I was literally fighting God himself in the game with how poorly everything was going in my favor.Also another thing that could improve is actually the developers of the game listening to the negative feedback. Even people who are recommending the game are also saying the game has flaws. In fact many people who recommend and don't recommend the game are actually giving the same critique of the game and pointing out the same flaws.It's my understanding that there was a open beta for the game and was criticized with all the same things it is currently being criticized with now and the dev's didn't seem to listen to any of it and currently appear to be not listening either which is unfortunate as they have a great concept, it just needs them to be less stubborn and listen to there fans. Yes getting your work criticized is hard to take but overall listening to us is for the better to make this game a much more polished and high quality product as your product has some issues, some big ones which will indeed turn off A LOT of people. As a game developer you want as many people to play your game and listening and using the feedback to grow is usually a solid 1st step to becoming a great developer."
,Recommended,394310,21911401,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dexeus,"Hi everyone !Here we are with the type of ""Tycoon"" games in recent times but this game is a little bit special than others.++ Could discuss about the originality of its story but it's really GOOD !+++  Familiar characters LONG LIVE RETRO!!++ Identify your own style++ Relations among individuals+ Musics and  the Map+ Workout dynamics<3 OUR CAT-- Not so much remaining time while processing-- Only livable with energy drink-- Hard to counter during the fightsHere's my consideration in a nut shell tho. So is it worth to buy ? If you looking for a game that growing each passing day with the thriving story that makes things fun with mechanics and very amusing and easy and gives you fun everytime in exchange for your time, YOU'RE JUST LOOKING AT THAT GAME."
76561198006978650,Not Recommended,394310,20593380,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dustorm,Hate to say it but this game is a bust. I love the style and charm but everything else has signicant issues.
,Not Recommended,394310,30692697,Posted: 23 March,all,Cinnastar!,I really wanted to like this game but it seems overly punishing and now I'm stuck and can start over or go play something else. I'm going to play something else.
76561197961643129,Not Recommended,394310,23863457,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pub Heroes - b0niK,"All good until you hit ""late game""The higher your stats, the more they decay.Also the game is broken because I'm up to the part of the game where I have a chef and he's supposed to cook food and stock drinks for me, but it doesn't work.The game turns in to a grindfest the likes of which I haven't seen since I tried clicker heroes. At least clicker heroes will grind while you're afk... thos game you have to sit there and watch bars fill up, at the end of the day, you have to refill the same bars... GG, FailFishGive it a miss, not worth the $2.50 on a 75% off sale."
,Recommended,394310,26425425,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RodeoRain,Would definitely recommend this game. Not a fighting game in the slightest
76561198039625145,Recommended,394310,26425466,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,jyynx,I punched so many people and ate so much meat. Would recommend.
,Recommended,394310,30692952,Posted: 23 March,all,iDontThinkSo,Currently for sale at 2.50 where I am at (75% off). For that amount of money the game is worth it for some face punching and round house kicks. Definetly not a must-buy but an okay time-waster.
76561198085597583,Not Recommended,394310,20682034,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,No Nasties,nope
,Recommended,394310,26103764,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Dr. Weird,"Game was great, it takes a couple mistakes/restartes to get the rythm/flow of the stat decay/food/energy management but once you understand it and have it well managed it's nothing terrible. i highly enjoyed this game used all 3 save slots beat it 3x, only completed dark fist once as you had to restart if you had a save prior to it. Would love to see more content, game is semi unfinished in regards to the story. i'd reccoemnd it though if you like a good management game."
76561198013808699,Not Recommended,394310,20503992,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,jamiea1862,"The Grind became tedious and boring, always moving backwards only taking half a step forwards.Good premise but gives the feeling that you have wasted your time as the character always drastically decreases in skill.I ended up having no money, starved and tired. I was unable to continue because he refuses to work without food, but there is no gameover. My character just wonders around the town now not being able to do anything."
76561197989452470,Not Recommended,394310,20500034,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,porridge,I really don't like this game at all. I've made almost no progress since I started playing. Trying to justify my purchase by playing it and I just can't. Sigh. Don't make my mistake. Stay away.
,Not Recommended,394310,20535367,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kusand,"So frustrating. Sisyphean gaming, almost literally. Push your stats up a hill, then watch them roll down again! It's fun at first, but as many others have pointed out, the AGI build is way overpowered relative to STR. It sucks. I'm stuck in this grindfest where I have infinite food and sleeping screws up any training I do. Meanwhile, I get kicked to death by a crapass 17 AGI opponent. I was enjoying this but the mid-game is unfun to the point I don't like it anymore. They screwed up the balance big time. At least offer a respec so I can finish this."
76561198240687860,Not Recommended,394310,20535212,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,dudebro,"Great concept, fun game, but seems really buggy on mac. I've had skill points dissapear, game not save, not quit. I gave up when 40 skill points dissapeared."
76561198043042231,Not Recommended,394310,34780164,Posted: 6 September,all,Malum,"I encoutered game breaking bugs that have been reported to the delveoper's for over a year (map locations disappearing).The game is extremely repeatitive, it mostly involves waiting for meters to fill up.Punch Club's difficult is balanced on easy (which the devs laughably call broken in your favor, its not). Very difficult on the 'normal' settings (progress takes much, much, longer to due to stat decay). I can only imagine 'hard' is next to impossible.That said, the visuals are pleasant, I loved the pop culture references and some of the humor made me chuckle.This is basically a mobile style time wasting game with game breaking bugs there were never fixed with a more attractive package than a standard mobile game.Not recommended."
,Recommended,394310,20638688,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,King Joffrey,"Completed it in-game 142 days, with strength + stamina build.Gonna beat the crap out of those agile again in their own game!10/10. It's a great game, replay value is there.Story is good. A lot of references here and there. Ninja Turtles, mortal kombat, star wars? lolGameplay is great. Lots of skill to explore, and tactics to use.Audio is okay. No pros and cons here.I also like a game better when developer bother refine their own game after release. Gonna keep playing it!"
,Recommended,394310,20690125,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Izuku Midoriya,Woke up. Ate pizza. Punched a guy. 10/10.
76561198233791552,Recommended,394310,30697429,Posted: 23 March,all,The Master Fighter Guy,"Hooolllyyyyy craaaaap. This game is getting a lot of negative feedback. This game does have a lot of grinding, and it is not a fighting game, but a management game. I don't know, I really like this game. One of the better games I've seen. It's got a good management system, where you need to divide your time between eating, sleeping, working, training, and scheduling fights (and saving the city, thanks to ""The Dark Fist DLC""). All I can say really, is if you like management games, you WILL like this game. If you don't, then you probably won't like this game. (Side-note, because I'm too lazy to re-write the whole thing, I just checked the ""Overall Status"" and it said very positive. I guess most of the reviews I saw were negative)"
,Not Recommended,394310,20518374,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,@willoneill,"A seriously front-loaded game. I really enjoyed the first hour or so, but the dramatic lack of balance between the three stats quickly begins to rear its ugly head. This is not really review-related, but for the love of God: Build AGI, not STR or END.Still, I could live with that if story-related stuff didn't thin out, if meme-reliance didn't increase, and if the ending wasn't a God-tier piece of abrupt confusion.I think money or time or both ran out here.The graphics are beautiful."
,Recommended,394310,34177229,Posted: 11 August,all,PATRYKOS,Had fun constantly loosing my hard earned stats everyday. 13/10. Seriously.
,Not Recommended,394310,28732128,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blade Gash,Boringggg grindfest left click simulator
,Recommended,394310,26247219,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Louis,"Personally, I enjoyed the interaction with the characters and the objects in the game more than the actual fighting, which is what makes it unique. You are not, as the title suggests, just a boxer who works their way up to glory in the ring, but a very interesting character with friends (and enemies) in different places which keep the storyline going. The fighting, bearing in mind the game is called 'PUNCH' Club, was a bit rushed and could do with being clearer. For example, there are lots of moves and hits etc. which aren't explained all too well and the time in the ring seems more like you are a spectator than the boxer himself, contrary to the rest of the gameplay.I enjoyed the game, but due to certain aspects that weren't up to scratch I am giving this game a 7/10."
,Not Recommended,394310,20514990,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Evy,Beautiful art but poor and tedious gameplay
,Not Recommended,394310,20500427,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Zidichy™,Boring as ♥♥♥♥
76561197968273166,Not Recommended,394310,20503466,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Clutch McGroin,The game is a neat idea but it gets grindy really fast.There are still many bugs and balance issues.This was not ready to be released.
76561198041772177,Not Recommended,394310,20592969,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cashlaundry,Pretty good game. It would be worth the $10 if not for multiple game breaking bugs. So far in 3 games I have had 1 fighter get bugged and never be able to put any skills into 1 of his skill slots and another fighter get bugged and could fill all 3 of his slots but the game kept saying he couldn't join the fight until selecting his skills.
76561198065493066,Recommended,394310,20625779,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Kezzic,"Excellent efficiency choice game. Very Cheesy stroy line, but that's exactly what you want when you're playing as rocky!"
76561198184616126,Not Recommended,394310,20539313,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Dreks Dee,Could be a great game if it werent absolutely full of bugs/things that just dont make any sense. And i mean FULL.
,Not Recommended,394310,20699106,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Aesandre,"I want to love this game, I really do, but it just keeps building up to a peak and then falling flat.The aesthetic is great. Even though you are going to the same handful of places over and over again, they all have real charm to them. It begins to grate when you realise that everything is the same every single time you go there. Even having random characters moving in the scenes would help. The gym is the closest to getting it right, but the same people are on the same equipment every single time.The music sounds good, but it really starts to grate after you've heard the one 'rocky' style loop for hours on end.Storywise, the game starts off well, but it falls down pretty quickly. Characters are introduced with potential storylines, but the majority of characters are simply introduced and then used only to get various buffs. The story with the main love interest, for example, doesn't go anywhere. You may as well just use her to get a buff and then ignore her for four days! The ending is completely anti-climatic. The game just ends. No final fight. No closure.The gameplay is a mix of RNG and tactical skill selection. Looking at the skill trees, you can imagine that you would need to cleverly select your skills and talents for the opponent you face, but you don't. Most fights are reliably won only by having equal or higher stats than your opponent, and the way the skill trees are arranged quickly becomes uninspiring.Overall, if you like time management games, then you'll have fun. I enjoyed my time with the game, but I wouldn't recommend it over other titles."
,Recommended,394310,20596644,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Linx,"Punch Club is a very unique blend of fighter and RPG.  I cannot off the top of my head recollect another title I would count as its peer.  That said, it would be important to evaluate it purely on its own merits and not attempt to compare it to any previous offering.  That too is a unique opportunity.What is Punch Club then?  Well it's more of a management sim than anything else.  The RPG elements are strong but the majority of your input in this game is balancing your fighter's activities to build up for the fights.  The skill trees are interesting and present some real head-scratching moments where you'll be making some very defining choices for your fighter.I beat this game in about 9 hours.  For a $10 game, that's not outside of what I would have expected.  The grindy nature of the game became VERY apparent in the final two to three hours of gameplay.  The novelty of the training and balancing your other activities will be gone by them time you're building up to your final ten fights.  There are some missed chances for some more cinematic presentations for those final fights too.  The opponents are less generic and it would have been an excellent opportunity to have special entrances, custom music, or maybe even mid-fight events.  Instead they become just another stepping stone to concluding the story.  At that point in the game, you've likely locked down your fight strategy so the probability that you're actually making meaningful adjustments is low.   Essentially you'll just be trying to maintain your stats between fights, and twiddling your fingers until the next match.The exploration and story elements in the first half of the game are extremely solid.  You are introduced to a number of characters and branching story lines that allow you to spend some time outside of the organized fights.  Unfortunately that pace falls off about 60% through the game and it finished on a wimper rather than a bang.For $10 I would recommend the game for those looking for something a bit different.  Don't expect a long and immersive experience, but a fun and interesting short one."
76561197970371587,Not Recommended,394310,20704696,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Alseki,"I spent 14 hours on this game. So no small amount of time. It is addictive.But despite that, it really isn't fun.It's very 'hands off' - you just direct activities between fights. Unforunately once you've picked an activity, you can't accelerate time.During fights you can make slight adjustments between rounds. However the rounds can be quite long, and if you adopt an energy-expensive strategy (hard to assess in advance), you can be lost before that round is over and a readustment can be made.I unlocked a lot of skills throughout the game (got to the end of the ""way of the tiger"" tree), but had to forgo all but the cheapest in terms of energy. The way that energy use increases quite as it does when your strength increases seems unfortunate.Also the game seemed bugged in some respects. E.g. a ""reflect damage"" perk didn't seem to work, while a ""poison your opponent for the rest of the fight - kick"" was useless [energy cost way too high to use against a decently matched opponent, & poison stopped working anyway], and a 'restrictive perk' ('your Str and Endurance cannot rise above 8') just plain didn't work. [Unsure if the ""fix the broken engine"" quest bit was broken also? at least, the considerable amount of time my char put into that engine didn't fix it ever!]This game looks/looked like it had potential. Maybe with some changes (bug fixing, time acceleration, and active fighting) it would fix it. As it stands maybe the very initial hour or two is fun. After that, not really fun, but you might sadly still be addicted! [relief when I finally got to the game over]This was my first steam review. Have a nice day!"
,Recommended,394310,20675013,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,AllyGayThor,GREAT GAME WITH MANY POP CULTURE REFERENCES
76561198008259650,Recommended,394310,32118187,Posted: 1 June,all,liversounds,"I'm baffled by the string of negative reviews--mostly revolving around stat degredation... After almost 20 hours of playthrough, the stat degredation is NOT simply a cheap way to make the game longer, or to require senseless grinding... The stat degredation forces the player to strategicially balance and prioritize the numerous choices available at any point in the game...This game is fun, challenging, and full of humor and surprise."
,Not Recommended,394310,23811641,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zabil,"I've played this game for almost an hour and only spent five minutes in fights. Most of the time you'll spend the game working, eating/sleeping, and training. I'm glad this game has its fans but to me a boxing game should have more than 10% boxing (don't you think?). I find it really irritating that you lose stats every day including the days that you spend doing physical labor. It just makes progress slower and forces you to grind more."
,Recommended,394310,20498993,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,julianjamesorillac,Punch club is a great relaxing game that seems really out of the vein of Rocky or the like and really gives redemption to the training montage.
76561198012714258,Recommended,394310,20498761,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Pistolz4Pandaz,"I will start out with saying that this game will not be fpr everyone. Boxing management with slight RPG elements (can gain progression in stats by working out). At around 12 hours for a play through its pretty good in the cost to time played department. At times it can be a little grindy, but the music and animations help a lot."
76561198056667366,Recommended,394310,20445353,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Eddy,Bought a Punching Bag and now i'm starving because i don't have enough money too buy food 10/10
,Recommended,394310,20454515,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Arthunik,"I bought this game a few hours ago and i can't stop playing it, it's amazing!Buy this game if you enjoy pixel graphic game and management style games, there is something about this game that is so addicting, highly recommend it, plus it's only 10 bucks"
,Recommended,394310,20444762,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Achilles of Jazz,"Basically a punch out inspired by ""Rocky"", Muay Thai, and 80s-90s video games, nothing too complicated. This game is a point click with a great story progression as you keep playing. It is a boxer's life day-to-day simulation with added strategic approach that will be based on our play style. In case you're lazy to read a paragraph of texts, and also in this case that I'm also lazy to type much, here are the pros and cons:Pros:-Well made retro graphics-terrific story line-Strategic approach based on your play style-excitable matches-good animation-lots of detail-NPCs with great personalities-good simulation-catchy references here and there-diverse skill trees and perks variations-developers pay attention to your questions-great concept-very accurate likewise to a real boxer's lifeCons:-time consuming-trainning, its all about trainning for 100+ hours-minor bugs-clicking here, there, and there makes the player feels left out of the game after a while-the trainning progress hardly fill the bar-each day, A LOT of your skills are lost you feel like your trainning hardly did anything-balance between the three skills is nearly impossible to achieve-fame and skills takes a lot of time to achieve-requires A LOT of patienceI do hope I covered most of it. I give it a ""7.9/10"". I'll only recommend this game to gamers with determination and patience."
,Recommended,394310,20444952,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,إن شاء الله,"I enjoy this game so much, but it need to be finished. References to favourite fight movies are amazing. The game is pretty crude but also have a big potential. I'm sure creators will make this game perfect and recommend you to play it."
,Recommended,394310,20479504,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,marco,"Great game. Very satisfying mechanics and smartly written story, full of cultural  references."
76561198031195290,Recommended,394310,20439046,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Yggdrasil,"There are a lot of titles with a retro 90s look and I have avoided them like the plague. I don't know why, but this one caught my eye. At only ten bucks, I thought I'd give it a try. The cheesiness of the 90s music actually has grown on me and the mix of humor and boxing management gameplay has been fun. I played for nearly three hours straight as soon as I got it, which is a rarity for me as these days, I can't get myself to play more than an hour of Fallout 4 before losing interest. This game really has captured the fun I had years ago playing games of a bygone era."
76561198172486106,Recommended,394310,20442134,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ThreePancake,"I love this game. There's the bitterness of having lost a fight despite training so hard and losing all your money, but also thesense of triumph when you finally defeat that one guy that you lost to like 7 times. This is a highly addictive and super fun game."
76561198039768941,Recommended,394310,20445456,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Criggles,Great game. Busting heads can't get more addictively fun.Hit the training pads and sparr as often as possible!Nothing bad happens if you don't accept fights so skip as many as you need to until you're ready to fight.
76561198034194274,Not Recommended,394310,20988249,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Auteyus,"This game can be fun and is full of quirky references, but at the core is a boring boring grind.  If you make it to Kulk Kogan, you'll wish you hadn't.  If you do pick it up, I'd advise not trying to have fun with your build.  Just look up the best builds and do that.  Creativity gets punished."
,Recommended,394310,21411061,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,GodfatherPlunger,"Its really a great game. I finished it after 13 hours in only two days (i couldn't stop playing ^^). I might play it again with a different fighting style. Some say that its imbalanced but I do not believe this. I chose the turtle-style and had no problems. It was hard at the beginning , but after that I felt really powerfull. To me the dodgebuild does not seem stronger. Sometimes its a bit too much grinding, because ur stats decay if u don't train enough, but other than that I have no complains. Definitely worth buying for 10€ or something equal !"
76561198083940112,Not Recommended,394310,32499048,Posted: 17 June,all,Kered,"Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive, Too repetitive,"
,Not Recommended,394310,20426961,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,My name is Peter,"Pros:Addicting.Easy to play.Old, quirky graphics.Cons:Tedious.You rank up, you lose your ""emotional stats"". You regain your emotional stats, you lose your money and fitness stats. You regain your money, you lose your emotional and fitness stats. Repeat.So much potential, just needs to be tweaked so that you can actually enjoy the game as a whole."
,Recommended,394310,20460515,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cabelera,"I will give it a positive review because I feel I got enough fun out of it for the price I payed, but the game has some boring problems.After a while it feels very ""grindy"", farming for stats and money, specially the end game.Soon you realize you are spending a lot of time just staring at the screen waiting for time/training go by. Wish there was some sort of interactive system to make the grind a bit more fun.BUT, I really liked the little choices we have, the character build up, the perk/skill system, funny story parts, and the career progression.Overall I belive it is a fun game for the price."
76561197966918254,Recommended,394310,20426481,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,1911,Now this is a true 80s game with an awesome gameplay and   character progression
76561197966935194,Recommended,394310,20426994,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Bamboo,"Okay so this game is filled with reference if your from the 70's- 80's -90's but if you were born in the late  90's or after you may not catch most of these references. which is a shame.first 5 minutes of the gameyou wake up go to the garage, theres rocky and bloodsport refyou go out, terminator 2 reference, then rocky again.then simpsons...then Jay and Silent bob are chilling outside apu's store.OMG and its only been 5 minutes !!!! repetitive.?and i'll write another review after im done the game, but I had to let thepeople know this is a full of references"
,Recommended,394310,20455750,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hagrid's Bowsack,"I personally don't like mini-management games, but Punch Club has the right combination of things that make you laugh and make you say that your oponent is bs. Tons of refrences to games and movies make it just perfect. I would reccomed this to people who have the patience to farm street thugs and get the crap beaten out of you. Quite a shame that you can't participate in the battles where your oponent is one hit away from death and somehow gets ""lucky"" enough to dodge every blow and take you down from a tremendous amount of health. 7.8/10"
76561197997488189,Recommended,394310,20518596,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jorge-De-La-Selva,"I loved this game from the top to the bottom. There are balance issues, and the occasional grind period but all and all it was super fun. Top notch pixel graphics and non stop references from my childhood. Good stuff."
,Recommended,394310,30507078,Posted: 14 March,all,Strange,"Punch Club combines my favorite part of Persona’s life management with a surprisingly deep set of RPG options as you bring your mundane macho man into the martial arts spotlight. Eating healthy, hitting the gym, going to work, grocery shopping, and making friends all contribute toward the ultimate goal of annihilating every other guy who enters the ring, whether it’s on the books, in the street, or in a shady fight club. It’s a premise that can become tedious, but devising an efficient routine breeds a special sort of deserved satisfaction.It’s an intensely hands-on kind of game -- that is, ironically, until you actually start fighting.The GoodSmart systemsRPG min-maxingThe BadLeveling downTedious repetitionWeak humorIn my opinion, I give this a 7 out of 10."
76561198275140349,Recommended,394310,20737915,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Vid-Locke,"Not the most captivating of indie titles and one that can fall stale after no more than a few hours, but it certainly has its charm and is good for short gaming sessions.6/10 - Would be better on tablet or phone, just not enough content for PC"
,Not Recommended,394310,26409950,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Rerez,"The game starts off well enough with great graphcs and design work. However around the first hour into gameplay the experience becomes a harsh grind that is releantless. DIffuculty in a game can be fun, but not here. Unless they soften up the unforgiving deduction of stats the game is simply not worth playing."
76561198006633241,Recommended,394310,20448397,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ron,"If you were to make a game about fighting in general, with refrences to every movie, game, and show about fighting, mainly from the 80s and 90s and have it play like the Sims with a skill tree, then you got this game.  I can't really say that I like or dislike this game, but I find somewhat enjoyable over all."
76561197996793583,Recommended,394310,20467967,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,oip01,Love it -> BestoftheBest(Panzakickboxing)+GameDevStory = PunchClub ;)----------------------------------IOS Version released !!----------------------------------
,Recommended,394310,20446959,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ammy,"""oh boy im at 200 health and my opponent is at 18""opponent combos you down and kills you in one roundthumbs"
,Recommended,394310,20447166,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Gnomecore,"Fantastic Boxing managing sim thats super easy to pick up and play, and with a great deal of replayability due to differrent skill trees for your boxer :) Not to mention super cheap, and also PACKED to the gills in movie references. I mean, a lot.Only critique is that I wish I could customize my boxer more, or had the choice to be female! Also, an online mode fighting other players would be awesome :) And would even be awesome on a iPhone or tablet!"
,Recommended,394310,20530340,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BishopManny,"I had lots of fun playing this game! It's super grindy, but I like that sort of thing. I love the retro look and the pop culture references!"
,Not Recommended,394310,20584368,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Athalka,"Game concept good, gameplay good but after sometime you are annoyed with daily decrease in stats. You can not get to somewhere.This is supposed to be a game not real life."
76561198010820818,Recommended,394310,20602209,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mastadans,"Only advised for ppl who like grinding for long. Not a bad game, slightly overpriced."
,Recommended,394310,20449446,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bracey73,"Amazing game. Wouldn't change a thing, everyone says it's too fast, but really they just can't prioritize."
,Recommended,394310,21807676,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[Light] Mussyo,"This is a FANTASTIC game, so much fun and so cheap for what it is. It is a stats managment game where you need to balance what you gain with what you lose in order to avenge your father. The fight sequences are randomised and then affected by your stats + perks you choose, and it is hours and hours of fun. Frustrating if you are not forward thinking but that speaks as a positive about the game as opposed to a negative, as this is what makes it difficult."
,Not Recommended,394310,25793830,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Noodle Incident,"This game feels like they started making a beat-em-up, added progression between stages or fights or whatever, then threw out the actual game parts. They designed the boring part of a game without designing the rest of the game. It seems like the developers were trying to split the difference between a clicker and an action game, but managed to miss both the sense of accomplishment an action game can give and the mindless, relaxing endorphin drip that happens with a clicker. Clickers also don't usually cost ten bucks. The writing is based almost entirely on references, but without actually doing anything with them. The devs keep asking ""Hey, remember this?"" and then move on without comment. It is all so frustrating because the art is very good. The art deserves a better game than what it has here."
,Recommended,394310,21667586,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,bienhofer,Nice game.Just turn off music or you will start dreaming of it :D
76561197986876154,Recommended,394310,21724152,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mech__Warrior,"I find this game somewhat of a mix; to me, it's more of a mobile game if anything because fights are completely random and you click to do anything in the world. It is much more suited to tablet play than a PC. But let's break this down.Pros;Excellent music that carries the game.A storyline reminicent of Rocky and all of its sequels, tons of 80's references.Mildly addicting gameplay at the beginning, when you're just starting to get strong.Excellent graphics with lots of detail in the sprites.Cons;Gameplay gets repetitive quick. (Train, fight, grind money/fame, repeat)Entire game builds itself off of the 80's, which may not merit a purchase.No control over fights other than stats and the moves you pick.Eh...I'll give it a pass only because of the music and graphics which are excellent. I expected a lot more from this game than what I got, but the music carries this game hardcore."
,Recommended,394310,21744801,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Supa,"Despite it's initial appearance and large amount of references, this isnota side-scrolling brawler.This is a management sim with a brawler theme that plays with mobile gaming in mind.I am enjoying the game but be aware that it is very grindy, especially in the endgame (hence the mobile aspect). The music is pretty great. The Dark Fist update essentially adds a side-quest with optional story content that gameplay-wise more or less functions very similar to the current end-game quest (it's almost a mirror with new sprites and a new location)."
,Recommended,394310,24977545,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,D3lvir,"Шикарная игра, полностью оправдывает свои деньги даже без скидок, хороший сюжет, 2 концовки, великолепная игра, рекомендую к покупке."
76561197973568213,Not Recommended,394310,30722479,Posted: 25 March,all,Iks,Don't buy it. Not even at discount. Waste of time since it crashes on the final scene making it impossible to finish it. The proposed fix might help but thats not guaranteed. Especially when trying to get the 200 day achievement and it crashes at day 199. Happened to other people too.http://steamcommunity.com/app/394310/discussions/0/135509823665879171/
76561197995169291,Recommended,394310,30771616,Posted: 27 March,all,luisgentil,"I've had a lot of fun with this game. I liked how they tried to mash in every 80/90's pop reference they could find. And the management part is interesting, although it could use more balance.I tried many different combinations of skills throughout the game until I realized that it's useless to have more than one attack in your skill set. A simple accurate punch combined with a dodge and a few passive skills are enough to beat the game, even though it makes the fighting sequences very boring.Also bothers me the fact that you can't take more risks with training or make it more difficult or demanding. It's possible to get injured during a single league in the game, and once you beat it you are injury-free for the rest of the game. As you upgrade your stats training gets extremely boring and repetitive, and although you have more than one place to choose for training, they all have the same equipment. By the end of the game you find yourself training for 2/3 in-game days straight to see some improvement."
,Not Recommended,394310,30771071,Posted: 27 March,all,Neverstopş577,"No Money, No Food, No Energy.And no ways to get Food, Energy, Money.Now just wasted a money for this"
,Recommended,394310,29226385,Posted: 13 January,all,cyakuz,I play this game on mobile and pc version. Mobile version is a little boring because of you must wait all second on game etc. I think story is mediocre but I really enjoy when i create my boxer and upgrage his skill. I recomended this game to two friends of mine. Also they like the game too.
,Recommended,394310,20621129,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Felicity Flynxify van Sugarpink,"A nice little pseudo-management game about punching. It has enough variety to keep you playing for a few hours and is just deep enough to make that an enjoyable experience. It does get a little too easy once you figure out certain ways to optimize your build and training, but if you want to give yourself a challenge you don't have to do that. The game felt a little tedious at the very end, but that might have just been because I binged on it hard.I'd definitely recommend it for the price - if you can get it on your mobile device of choice, even better."
76561198056906078,Recommended,394310,20613625,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Robot-Doom,"Never in my gaming life have i wanted to ditch a so called friend and his moaning hard work sister.  All they do is get in the way of progress, some FRIEND ROY!!! Bros don't come up with BS reasons not to work out, All about the gainz man, all about the boxing, not chilling out and chatting up your sister. Game needs a secondary path to ditch Roy and have a friend that wants mad gainz all the time.Also just by playing this game, the amount of training you do, i feel physically stronger then before and feel my gym membership is now going to waste when this game makes you strong.If you have a friend like Roy IRL, ditch them, they ain't a friend (Y)Thanks for reading.DEVS - Please release an more content for this game as its very amusing with the references and jokes in it :)10/10 Must buy!!!!"
76561198015449505,Recommended,394310,26466073,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,rok_27,Good time killer just don't know how anybody gets to be champ. it can get difficult has alot if room for improvement so hoping for a second one in the near future get it while its on sale won't be disappointed
76561198110633404,Recommended,394310,29040322,Posted: 5 January,all,Micky,Worth every penny!
,Recommended,394310,26695148,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kermit,PunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchPunchKick
,Recommended,394310,26469500,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Matryoshka,Great game! i know its kinda hard with all the grind but its a fun game i really hated it when roy died tho </3 and the story was great too i want more of this especially because of the ending. would play again! and grind again and again ahhaha
,Recommended,394310,27143249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HULK #comeback,nice gamee
76561198212605888,Recommended,394310,32611296,Posted: 20 June,all,jessbrooke,"Tinypixel must have some secret to makeing their games insanely addictive, becuase I was up playing it until one in the morning. You come for the simple but tactical gameplay, but you stay for the bizarre but interesting mythos that combines 80's cartoons and old kung-fu films with Rocky and a dash of superhero parody. Not like the gameplay doesn't keep up by slowly getting more complicated at an even, understandable pace,usually around the same time a plot event happens. This game is fairly well balanced, but the lack of anything really showy or exploitable would likely drive off a handful of players, and a few abilities are overpowered.I do have a few quibbles, one is that there are hardly any female background characters and that looks rather wierd. The other is that the stat decay mechanic, while an interesting way to balance the game, doesn't really add anything, I'm glad they are removing it in the sequel. The negative reviews calling it repeditive are simply pointing out a common problem with indie sim games, and giving it a thumbs down for that is going a bit too far.Though I admit the main reason for this positive review is that I honestly expected this game to be terrible and am relieved it is not. Its no Punch Out, and I'd recommend playing it on Super Easy so you can enjoy the story without getting stuck, but overall  its a good game for being a 10  dollar cheapie."
76561198131750196,Not Recommended,394310,32720178,Posted: 24 June,all,demhats99,wtf.. a green box apears and suddenly u cant play the game brilliant.
,Recommended,394310,20711347,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,acrx963,"Grindy but rewarding. If you're a fan of Rocky, Tamagotchi, and Game Dev Tycoon, this game is for you, and well worth 10 bucks. Love the SNES style graphics. They never grow old on me."
76561198109195116,Recommended,394310,20706796,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Slice,Good old pixel game.  Very chill and awesome game! Worth the ten dollars.
,Recommended,394310,20691081,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Grizz,"Just completed the game, it's a really awesome indie game built by Lazy Bear Games out of Saint-Petersburg, Russia. Made with Saga/NES style retro style graphics, it's about building yourself up as a fighter and gaining a rep, loads of customization and great music it's really addictive. It's also got a ton of pop culture and movie references that never cease to make me laugh."
76561198042756230,Recommended,394310,20716465,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,DingoDoge,"I'll start by saying its full of references, quiet funny. I enjoyed the old school retro feel. I certainly got $9.99 of entertainment out of it. Its addtictive. Its not hugely indepth, but lets face it. For 10 bucks you can go see a movie for 2~ hours or buy this and play it for a whole lot more.Watching the fights is really exhilirating. Specially when youre about to get ktfo, get injured then lose stats. Or win and get enough to buy stock your fridge and hit the gym and bost those stats. This game is not forgiving."
,Recommended,394310,33226080,Posted: 4 July,all,Virus836,"Very good game with rich story, sometimes choice-based, many easter eggs and sometimes stressful battles. Buy it whithout a second thought!"
76561198106511512,Recommended,394310,22184499,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,AuroreZell,"This game is fantastic. One of the best games 2016 has had to offer so far. The entire system of how this game works is beatifully crafted with addicting gameplay and a fun story. With the thrown in references and characthers, really apricaite the reference to Snatch btw, this game held my attention threwout the entire experience. A first playthrew of this game will take you 10-12 hours, but if you get so caugth up in seeing everything it has to offer like i did you can easily add another 8 hours with a second playthrew. With the Dark fist stuff as well you add yet another 3 hours, so you get a lot of game for this price. A super fun game, get it now."
76561198120347612,Not Recommended,394310,20873470,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AugustusTheVictor,"Impossible to raise and keep stats up, no matter how hard I grind."
76561198039850171,Not Recommended,394310,20903086,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ncampbell705,grindy repetitive annoying
,Recommended,394310,20536509,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Steve Harvey w/o Eyebrows,Fun game. There is a lot of grinding involved until you get the routine down. Once you get a good routine going you can pretty much start moving up.The only complaint that I have about this game is AI opponents randomly getting 40 to 50 stamina back with no explanation: It isn't in their perks or anything like that so I'm not sure what the deal is.Word of advice: power level like you never had before. If you think that you will need 6 strength to beat an enemy you better make it 9 to account for daily losses (they are significant) and as mentioned previously the ability of AI opponents to randomly regain most of their stamina even after it has been depleted and yours is gone.
,Recommended,394310,20538556,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Aiden The Gamer,"I bought this when it came out, it is awesome, i am currently doing a youtube series on it!My Channel-Aiden The Gamer"
,Recommended,394310,20591705,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,@GAiNZvsGAMES,"So after 22 hours play time I have just completed my 1st play through of the game. WOW!no other game have i wanted to replay so much and try a different route.a few graphic bugs that i noticed but apart from that I have nothing bad to say about this cool little gem of a game.Love all the references to past great titles too.anyway's, had lots of fun with this. well worth the buy!"
,Not Recommended,394310,20965725,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Willie,"After putiting 11+ hrs into it, originally being a must buy and novel, and nostalgic feel to this interesting game, the grind heavy focus, plus the late game falling off of the rest of the earlier parts of the game make the later half very dull, and not as amusing as the earlier plot/story, fights, and build up of excitement that the game initially brings.  Many of the times you have this trial and error phase of first playthroughs or the long first one if you're trying to unlock/complete/master the game in one go, are exhausting.  The walking about, text speed, cutscenes, and lack of information on numbers is just frustratingly long/slow/unnecessary.  Great great potential for the story and gameplay if it were tweaked a bit.  Many bugs and glitches are just upsetting, however few there are.  Looking forward to lengthening the game, and juicening up the story/mechanics/endgame or whatever parts to it.It's suffering from being a short and sweet game, and a grind, late game, wanting to fight em all kinda game.Do I want pokemon with memes?  Or do I want a riveting story where the gameplay is efficient and works well to bring about the immersion from earlier all throughout to an astounding finale?It falls short between being both and it's just weird.Try it out on sale or if you really really enjoy an automatic/semi turn based fighter with some cool concepts and artwork.  However, this game needs to be worked upon much more to be great."
76561197996621191,Not Recommended,394310,20850089,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Wolfenstyne,"Agility is overpowered to the point where anything else is just masochism. The game tells you to ""Focus on one Stat"", but if that stat isn't Agility you just screwed yourself. So pretty much the game is lying / trapping you if you choose Strength. Too grindy, too slow, and badly balanced. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,394310,20584819,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,tittyboy2001,game is trash. refund plz.
76561197970720161,Recommended,394310,20611899,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Game_Dude,"A pixel-art martial arts kind of manager with a story and an ending. Tasks are repetitive, such as training, buying food, working for money and having fights of all kinds. Wether in the league or elsewhere, you will get points for almost each fight (more for wins), which you can distribute amongst four skill trees. There is the starting skill tree, then there are one for each of your attributes, such as strength, agility and endurance. Each fight is measured in rounds, like boxing matches, during which you can (re)assign abilities to your fighter's available slots (up to 5 i think). Such as all sorts of punches, kicks, defenses or other. Then you watch your guy fight it out over one round and decide wether you want to swap something out or not. The agility build seems to work very well. ""skip turn"" is easily the most useful ability in the game. I would have picked it up earlier if I knew how useful it was. And lastly ""fast reaction"" might prove counterproductive, as it wastes your endurance and gives only a slightly better dodge chance."
76561198073802793,Not Recommended,394310,23892470,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Juppe,"The fights are kinda boring imo, because you do nothing in them."
,Not Recommended,394310,24020489,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jack_da_rippah,"This game is fun. Unfortunately, it becomes un-playable. I don't know if it's just for me, but the game has started constantly lagging and spazing out. It also, for some reason, wont close."
,Not Recommended,394310,24000278,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪ δravity™,"I wanted to give a good review to this game but I can't.. The gameplay is good but it is very unfair. I entered a fight wit 3 stamina, strentght and agility.. The enemy had 2-1-2 and he managed somehow to beat me . How the♥♥♥♥♥is this system working ? Plus that I have only 2 slots for ''abilities'' and the enemies have 4..♥♥♥♥♥this!"
,Not Recommended,394310,23931646,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,sonic1394,there is literally no control over how you fight. I have tried every single key on my keyboard AND mouse. and than it fight on its own. WHAT????
,Not Recommended,394310,23795156,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jim295,"Feels like early access still, few quite obvious omissions during the first play through has made me not bother picking it u[p again - avoid unless you want it as a game on your phone."
,Not Recommended,394310,24028538,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Death,"The game is nice, but it seems like a rushed mobile game. Why is that?STAT DECAY: The problem arises when you go to end levels and you need to keep training because your stats decay over the day and it seems to decay exponencially to the level you have. In addition, there is no skill that prevents the decay of your stat level; that means that you loose a lot of days in game to train your char and it is just as everybody else here said - grinding becoming really boring over time.LOOSE DATA: If you continue on story and don't finish some minor quests you will not be able to come back and finish it! I found this totally ridiculous and the worst thing is that no advice whatsoever was written on the game to tell you that might happen!NOT BALANCED HEROES: My final complain is the fact that some attributes are stronger than others so if you build your char with weak primary stats it is going to ruin your experience and I might think that you will not be able to finish it.Overall the game was good but I don't recommend anybody to play unless they fix these issues."
,Not Recommended,394310,24263893,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ratchet29 Hellcase.com,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fight club, micro grinding tycoon its a piece of garbage don't buy, read other reviews,"
,Recommended,394310,24617578,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FloofyKitten,I loved it
,Recommended,394310,24730704,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mr.Extrem UPGRADE.GG,One of the best games 2016
76561198086317860,Recommended,394310,24766785,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,PirateDan,"Fantastic game. A little disappointed by the ending, but very glad I bought this"
76561198077203723,Not Recommended,394310,31520919,Posted: 3 May,all,CenterySlayer,Just a terrible life wasting grind ...Fun for the first 5 mins..literally poo afterwards.AVOID
,Recommended,394310,26447240,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Balakiel ~Sensual Birdfeed~,"I'm giving this a positive review because I feel it deserves it. There are a lot of little details and the game looks really good when it wants to be. The management aspects can be somewhat intoxicating after you understand what you're supposed to do.The balance with stat decay does feel slightly off and kinda disengages you from exploring any other options but I suppose that's what other playthroughs are for. In some sense I can see the decay being knocked down to 80 percent of its current value making it feel like less of a grind and give you more motivation to do more than train, eat, train, eat, train, but if it was gone regardless it doesn't feel like a game at all, because there is no force going against you. But I'm not necessarily having issues putting my time into Strength and a little bit of endurance, and later in there are means of fighting stat decay."
,Recommended,394310,31786093,Posted: 16 May,all,Angel_Snipe,punch club is a great game i really like it
,Not Recommended,394310,23795445,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,backelie,"Great idea, OK execution, but I cant recommend it unless the grind gets dialed back a notch."
76561198260551305,Recommended,394310,23885466,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Co-Producer Speed Weed,"my god. such a gud game, but developers if u read this, plllllz make a game exactly like this, exept u can choose what u do, not only work out. like u can actuly chill with roy and stuff."
,Recommended,394310,24132067,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kami,One of the best surprisingly awesome indie games came out this year! Definitely recommended!
76561197968791349,Not Recommended,394310,24168060,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,samcamo,"I bought this game to play a nice little RPG. I was disapointed. I don't like the aspect of managing different aspect of your life like eating, sleeping and working to earn money. I find it hard to manage money and training. Also, the fighting gameplay is lame. You just sit and watch your character fight for several rounds until it is over. You just choose your move and wait. You can't fastforward any sequence, wich make the game long and penible. Not really my kind of game. The story semed prety nice thou."
,Recommended,394310,24732151,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Boarum,"I have just finished my first playthrough with 81 days beaten in 11 hours.  This game has been very entertaining from start to finish and I highly recommended it especially when I picked it up during Summer Sale.  It took several restarts (roughly 5) to dial in the build that worked for me.  I finished with Way of the Bear, 94% Winrate, 13/12/9 Stats.I have to say one of the biggest criticisms of the game is the stat decay.  I will admit it made the game very difficult at first, but I like challenges and once you learn how to maximize your goals in the game it becomes less of an issue.  I feel that most people who play the game and complain, and there is plenty, don't either understand the system or want the game to be far easier than it is.I will definitely be doing more playthroughs to get the rest of the achievements and to try out Hardcore mode.All I all, highly recommended for the price, the nostalgia and the entertainment value."
,Recommended,394310,24743677,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Jo Black,"This game is a collection of 80's references and jokes, hitting everything from rocky to mortal kombat, with plenty of 'ah ha' moments of recognizing where a character was sourced from.You will grind, and you will grind hard. As nice as it would be to have a montage moment, the reality of the game is a balance between needs and maintaining gains, and it becomes pretty unforgiving. Just maintaining the physical requirements at the last chapter of the game will become a punishment in and of itself.The experience is funny, the fights require some planning with crossed fingers, and the daily grind itself will make inevitable wins all the more fulfilling.If you do not like day to day repetition, or having to carefully manage the development of a character, then you will likely not enjoy this. But if you want to commit to training and managing your fighter, there is a lot to be had from this game."
,Recommended,394310,23786122,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DragonulRed,"+Excellent graphics with retro filter on+You can see in this game TMNT,Sub-Zero and others heroes from movies/games+The story is pretty good...+Easy to play+Good Idea-If you don't have money and you are hungry you need to restart the game...Mick can help you just for 3 or 4 times-You can't customize your character-No skip for dialogues-Bugs-I take the bus and i can't escape from robbers... WTF?-Repetitive dialogues with your girlfriend...-Your girlfriend name is Adrian...in my country(Romania) Adrian is a name for boys-You can only watch the fights...you just choose skills for your character...-Your stats decrease every day,you can buy upgrades for you character to not decrease below 4-Repetitive gameplay-You need to play this game 2 times or more to know others stories-You have a car in your garaje and you can't drive...I bought this game on Summer Sale 2,50 Euro,don't buy this game for full price.It's a great game with a nice story,but is repetitive and unfair for stats...decrease every day"
,Recommended,394310,26445807,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,★Yolorobot,This is a nice as game
,Recommended,394310,20690198,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Munashiimaru,It's a fun little management game.  It should be noted though that it's extraordinarily punishing and devolves into a grind fest if you shift away from an ideal build.
,Recommended,394310,20591898,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Le big mast,Train hard. Drink Redbull. Repeat.Good game
76561198002308919,Recommended,394310,30733986,Posted: 25 March,all,Gorgeous_Joe,"I paid just over £1 for this game and completed it in 15 hours. It has bugs and the pacing is a little off but all the same it is enjoyable and addictive. Would i play it again to try out the other classes, no. Was it worth a quid? YesIf you are over 40 you will enjoy the many cult references in the game and it will bring a smile to your face once in a while; all in all if you are looking for some therapeutic repetitive fun then this game is for you."
76561198070657031,Recommended,394310,20612240,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,evol128,"Tried all 3 builds and cleared game 2 times.Generally speaking, this game is good enough for $9.99.Pro:+Good idea+Easy to play+Interesting battle systemBut I strongly feel that this game stil have more potential, but the producer failed to make it.Let's look at the cons:- Weak story line, especially boring near end game- ♥♥♥♥ing unbalanced and fully luck based battle system- very little content that worth grindingThis is the eactly game that I would like it, play it, and then delete it.Still recommend this game though, since it only asks for $9.99, not $59.99 or $29.99"
,Recommended,394310,26534117,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,"Serenetic - Main Acc, Quit.",I felt actual emotional pain when fluffy died.It looks just like my cat scratchy.0/10 for the pain.10/10 for the game.10/10 for making me remember the name.She fell off of a building as tall as fort minor! :(
76561198008322068,Recommended,394310,20746722,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,splancer,Good game.  It is like having a broken down boxer for a pet.  His name is Dexter and he eats raw meat and frozen pizza.
76561198077847166,Recommended,394310,20713201,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,JACK$ON,Punch club is a fun addictive game i think its great for its price.
76561198194674051,Recommended,394310,24107599,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tibiche,I love this game. I want to play more but no content remaining. Fellsbadman
76561198214336935,Recommended,394310,24102281,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,flamodamo_802,"Great gamePunchclub is esssentially a fighter simulator makung you focus on your stats at all time. This leads to a loop. To stay fit and strong to win fights, you need to work out, but to work out you need to stay energised and not hungry, but to be energised you need to not be hungry, but to not be hungry you need to buy food, but to buy food you need to make money, but to make money you need to work at your job, but to work at your job you need to be energised.This means that your always having to do stuff to try keep your stats in check, i will say that, yes it is a bit ""grindy"" but that fits into the game, trying to juggle all of your life and fights makes the game stressfull at times, but a good kind of stress trying to make you think of a way to manage your time. The game hints at ways to do this but it isnt that easy.The game is charming and i love the references to things like TMNT and Rocky, and the overall feel of the game is great.There are cons though, there is a constant stat decaying feature that means you constantly lose stats like strength and agility which makes you feel at times that you arent making progress but to counter that you can see some permanent progress with ablilities and training equipment you can buy and unlock.The story and characters are good aswell, not the best but i did enjoy it!Overall i really like punchclub and would recommend if you dont mind a bit of a grind."
,Recommended,394310,26416233,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,raddd,Its very good game. Old School!
76561198267074318,Recommended,394310,28165886,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,HanYolo,this is a good game for relax
,Not Recommended,394310,23860043,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,♛❤ Billy ♂ The King ❤♛,Boring game. dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,394310,23856802,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Photography Raptor,"I want to love this game, but to be honest, it's very poorly done.Not only was I dealing with bug after bug after bug, I spent the entire game training only to lose to people that I was better than in every stat acrosss the board consistently, because every attack for me would miss (despite having a much higher accuracy than they had), and every attack of theirs would hit, (despite them having low accuracy, and myself a high armor and mobility). The grind is very, very strong. While a few of the references were well done, most of them were too blatant to have any tongue-in-cheek humor in them. Honestly, I'm just really upset that I didn't know I would be having a lot of these issues four hours in, which means that my refund request was denied. If someone actually took the time to do the research and actually balance the game, I might still give it a reccomendation, even with the bugs that were nearly game-breaking and the poorly done references. I would avoid and save the money."
76561198027684790,Not Recommended,394310,23860411,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Batto Kooppu,Short and simple:Attacks AIMisses 19/20 attacksAi Attacks50 damage combo and takes away all your stamina and knocks you out.Fully balanced 10/10 IGN would play again GOTY
,Not Recommended,394310,32097517,Posted: 31 May,all,Cheen,Multiple times bugs prevented me from finishing the game.
,Recommended,394310,32121737,Posted: 1 June,all,Nith,"Was a great game, must check it out if you like kind of games like Punch Club."
76561198008364656,Recommended,394310,32010333,Posted: 27 May,all,des010,good
,Recommended,394310,32048599,Posted: 29 May,all,the guy,"decent game, definitely good if you like slower paced games"
,Not Recommended,394310,23853048,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PopeSeanV,"Disclaimer: I played this game on Ubuntu GNOME 16.04.  I also consider myself critical in general.  Your experience may differ.Gameplay:Gameplay is pretty shallow.  It's impossible to 'lose' and the core mechanic is essentially 'wait around while numbers get bigger' which gets old very quickly.  There is some challenge in choosing skills from the skill tree and deciding on your build,  In the mid to late game the path of progression is pretty obvious and any semblance of strategy fades away.Art:This is where the game shines.  For the most part, everything is very well polished,  There are miniature naratives encapsulated in the idle animations of several of the set pieces which add a sense of reality and humor to an otherwise bland world. Animations are well done for the most part and combat feels satisfying,  For some reason there is a god-awful ""retro mode"" which does nothing more (AFAIK) than put a tight grid over everything else.Story:Bland,  Literally ""pursue the mcguffin and defeat anyone who stands in your way,"" without any meaningful consequence to any of your actions.  That would be fine if the charactors took the initiative themselves but litterally every charactor in the game is a cliche or reference to other media.  This was amusing the first time a game did it.  Now it's just boring AF.  AFAIK you have multipe paths through what is essentially the same story no matter the action you take.Sound:Acceptable.  Generic chiptunes and bland sound effects.  Not much to explain here.UI:The UI is extremly simple.  Everything is accessible using a mouse.  This is a ""one-handed"" game, perfect for relaxing with a beer.  Being a PC gamer, I found it very disappointing that the game offers no keyboard shortcuts to speak of.  The one that I did find useful (double ESC) actually caused the game to become unresponsive on a regular basis and lead to me abandoning the grind before I could defeat Hulk Hogan, who I hope is the final boss.  Please see my note after conclusion regarding this error,Technical:The game ran well enough (60 fps) which is too be expected for a title of such graphical simplicity.  There was a major (to me) error that caused me to give up and not complete the game, although I believe that I was (hopefully) close.Misc:I'm no SJW by any means but the role of the single female charactor is completely and utterly ridiculous.  She serves as a mere tool in the grand scheme of things.  It's ironic and possibly (hopefully) self-aware that she states ""I hope I'm more important than your fights"" even though the game is named Punch Club and not ""Reasonable Relationship Simulator"".  Your entire relationship with her revolves around gifting her presents in return for a buff to training.  WOW!  Like I said hopefully this is a self-aware parody of 80's action flicks and associated media but who really knows.Conclusion:If you like games that don't require much strategy or attention then you'll love Punch Club.  It's pretty much ""Grind: The Game"" as many other lite-sim games are nowadays.  It will keep you occupied but there isn't much fun to be had.  There are plenty of 'hilarious' references to pop culture that will keep somewhat attentive players amused.  In its defense, I did have some fun moments watching fights and wondering if I would win or not.  Much like watching a real fight that you have money on.  These moments are unfortunatly too few and far between which makes for a mostly dull and bland experience for the playerRegarding the error:Seriously this game drags on and on and on and on for no f*ing reason.  ATTN GAME DEVS: A LONGER GAME IS NOT A BETTER GAME!  I was content with grinding my way to defeating the (hopefully) final boss but the game would become unresponsive every few minutes because I was hitting ESC twice to close the various dialogs that pop up every f*ing day to remind you that you're not making as much progress through the grind as you thought you were.  Although I could have worked around this issue I eventually decided that my time is better spent writing an unnecessarily in-depth review."
76561197993548532,Not Recommended,394310,30935459,Posted: 3 April,all,Crowley,"It's like someone took the innovative bits from Andre Panza Kickboxing, combined it with an RPG then surgically removed anything that was actually entertaining.Maybe this is meant to be some kind of avant garde art game that experiments with/comments on the form or something. Fun to play it isn't."
,Not Recommended,394310,23781449,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rendus,"Within half an hour, tripped across a bug that caused the UI to disappear when entering the cafe/pizza place. Had to force-quit out through Task Manager.The repetitive gameplay was readily apparent even before this unfortunate glitch. After exiting out, I thought about restarting the game and seeing what the state of my save was... Decided I'd rather not."
,Not Recommended,394310,23794265,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Smooth,"Interesting easter eggs, story, tiny little details and overall idea, but it doesn't matter if everything is ruined by an unfair and annoying style of progression, ultimately rendering this game another time consuming clicker and not much else."
76561198089106224,Not Recommended,394310,23781710,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Juamillas,"The game idea is really good, super hype references, even for those who dont like management kind of games this one looks like a good opction, but this game is really unfair, like you cant even train to get any of the high places in tournaments because you are hungry, you cant eat because you are poor, and then you have to go to get your face punched to get 20 bucks and a injury  so you can eat something, start working so you can get paid and then just lose everything you have been working on, just really unfair gameplay thats it."
76561198004202366,Not Recommended,394310,23832155,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"The premise of the game is really interesting but after playing it for awhile I just can't recommed it.  The main game is going back and forth fighting with the game's systems to raise your stats and to keep them from falling as you are forced to do other things in the game.  The only thing in the game you control are your stats , which is a chore.  If the only thing I have control over are my stats then if my stats are clearly better than my opponent during one of the fights, I should win the round.  But I have to sit there and watch as I lose the fight, over and over again.  You basically are just a spectator for the boxing matches."
,Recommended,394310,20620419,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,K!netic,"At first it's not really a ""boxing tycoon"" simulator as much as a ""low-income person tries to balance life and his hobby"". Until you start to make real money off of your fights (which doesn't happen until many days in), you're stuck in a spiral of difficult choices. Go to work, or hit the gym? Work doing deliveries, or do construction? Eat cheap fast food, or spring for the protein-rich steak? Watch the TV to relax, or cope with stress while working? The way you spend your time (and money) directly affects how much time you'll have to train, fight, and climb the ladders. Some days you need to sacrifice your training just to eat, and your stats will deteriorate for it.That stat deterioration is unrelenting, and you never -feel- like you're making progress. But slowly, as you get to spend more time training, you realize the numbers you once thought were ""good"" are pitiful to you. The change in your stats is so hard-fought for every point that you never feel like you ""levelled up"", quite so much as ""I haven't lost this one yet"". Your numbers slides upward, but as a player I always felt like there was more training to do to prevent that deterioration. I imagine that's what actual athletes experience, too; they're not becoming beastly overnight - it's a slow process that requires discipline. And unless you step back to get perspective, it's easy to feel frustrated that you're not progressing quicker.I'd recommend the game just based on that stuff above. So don't get the wrong idea when I say that it becomes a grind in later levels. Once you're in the top 3-4 rookie league, and yellow league in the underground fights, you're basically just grinding. You make enough money from fighting that money is no longer a meaningful statistic. You never have to go to work, nor buy gym memberships, so money is exclusively for food (which is relatively cheap when it's all you're buying). You might draw $200 in a single fight. So ultimately all you have is training and fighting, and the game becomes a chore. That later-game aspect is about twice as long as it should be for the amount of variety there is in the game. I just wanted to max out my skill tree and fight the big bad evil guys, but it took hours before I actually got to do that. The game just feels ""empty"" after you've cleared away the aspect of low-income living.But overall, the experience is worth the price."
,Recommended,394310,21719842,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"I really have no clue why I play or like this game, but I do."
76561198165168538,Recommended,394310,20464222,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,outlawzz,"big combat sports fan, this game is fantastic addictive and has a great 80s feel to it, would love to see this team try again with a sequel that adds grappling and even more depth, Theres nothing else in the game market for fans of boxing mma etc. game has a huge heart and fun story!"
76561198011341159,Recommended,394310,20498251,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,rayden1213,"Back in the good old days computer games can make you forget your sleep your school your friend your pet because they have a magic to make you stay inside their world hour after hour...... This magic is lost in most of the game created today until this one comes up... be prepared to get sucked into its pixel, funny, creative, storytelling and at the same time Challenging world"
76561198029554106,Recommended,394310,20533097,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Endaziel,Fun game.. but only one music track on repeat will drive you mad
76561198194329057,Recommended,394310,20496353,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cristiano,"Here's a link to my video review of this awesome game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6lPJaoXrOY^^Punch Club is essentially an RPG/fighting/ sim tycoon game where you train really hard, unlock new skills, and figure out who killed your father.Now imagine Streets Of Rage Graphics with the satisfaction of playing a tycoon game or a Pokemon game on Gameboy all wrapped in 80’s and 90’s 16 bit nostalgia and this is what you have.The main plot point of the story is that as a child the main character sees his father’s murder and then as he grows up he trains to become the greatest fighter the world has ever seen so he can avenge his fathers death.Which brings me to the main gameplay mechanics, which are training, fighting, working, sleeping, eating and socialising.Now in order to win fights you have to train and to do training you have to eat food and to buy food you need to have money and in order to have money you need to work a job and when you work a job it costs energy and hunger which costs food which costs money. So you’re always trying to balance these needs with training and fighting being the 2 most important ones because stats go down every day.The training in this game feels fun and rewarding, you’re told to focus on one key stat of training either strength, agility or stamina and in my case I chose to focus on agility so that when you train at the gym or at home you mainly use the equipment that enhances your chosen training stat like the speed bag for agility.The fighting in this game in my opinion is really fun to play, every time you participate in a fight you earn experience which unlocks extra fighting moves and stats but you only want to unlock the moves and stats that apply to your chosen training stat.This game really pays homage to so many things like the Rocky movie franchise, Fight Club, The Simpsons, Friends, the graphics look like updated Streets of Rage graphics, the sound and music remind me of every great 16 bit game ever made. You’re trainer is called Mick, the local store clerk is called Apu. When he hits on women he says’ “How you doing?”There are too many things in this game for me to talk about like the steroid salesman at the sports store or the criminal and mafia dons that you do jobs for and how you can save up money and buy training equipment for your home so you don’t have to spend money to go to the gym. And like your best friend Roy who dies fighting for you and his sister whom you have a thing for and a pet cat who is just too cheeky for his own good.It's very rare that I make a review, but this game mattered to me enough that I made one and in the end I really recommend this game, I thought it was fun and addictive, it was nostalgic and endearing to the end.Pros:-Fun & Addictive-Good Skill Tree-Plenty of referencesCons:- Repetitive- Hard for beginners-Ending is mehhhh…"
76561198041112321,Recommended,394310,20502528,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pres. Sigmor,"I strongly recommend this piece of art but it's not without a few faults which could be improved pretty easily. What I like about this title is it's retro graphics, character development, balance of the game elements (eating, working, fighting etc.) and the great entertainment I had. I had 19 hours of fun (0.5$/hr) which makes this game pretty cheap from my my point of view.What I disliked was it's grindiness and it's repetetive nature. I spent too much time just working out, trying to better my character's skills and the process was getting tedious in the end game."
76561198010707390,Recommended,394310,20505144,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SanShiney,WOW!!!That is insance mix of RPG and Indirect Control!!!Thank you!You gave me idea how to build a game!I was looking for such an awesome game!!!Thank you for this perfect game!Think it will find it followers on android as well!!!GL to you guys! =)
76561197980897671,Recommended,394310,20498535,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,WoWzA^,"Despite some bad reviews I overall think this game is really quite great, totally worth the price, got quite a lot of hours of fun out of it and it's only 10 dollars....Don't get me wrong there are tons of improvements that could be made. The end game is incredibly grindy, my first character wasn't so bad I went max 8 agi build (slave of the wind) but the second character I had to spend a bit more time experimenting with builds to beat some of the final opponents... ended up going 28str 1 agi 15 stamina... which is incredibly hard to maintain during the late game..... I would love a test dummy to try out different builds so there isn't so much negative effect when you lose a real fight....Things I would love to see:-Testing area ( test dummy, that is scaling with your current progress in the game ), silver kinda works for this in the early game... but late game builds really can't be tested with him.... I think there should be 3 test dummies ( 1 agi based, 1 staimina based, 1 str based ) since my str fighter needed to test on high agi... but my agi fighter needed to test on high str/stamina....-sometimes the game randomly freezes on talking captions.... (I had it happend with the sensei after beating steve, and I've had it happen after a fight in the mansion when trying to talk to Din Kong again)-I wish talking captions could be skipped entirely.... sometimes I dont need to wait 1-2mins... lol-I wish the story cinematic could be skipped optionally (all the medallion stuff was unessessary when doing it on a second character), so if the player has already watched the cinematic an option to skip it... should be there.. (just as with the tutorial cut-scene)-more job options please.... (and the sewer turtle fights are sweet, but since delivery driving is pretty much useless compared to construction work.... there should be a special event for contruction too :D)-multiplayer would be awesome! (once you beat the game with a character you should be able to start ranked player against real players and there should be some sort of progression for that....)-more options for fighting styles.... (obviously)Cons:So... I'm not sure how many people figured this out.... but logistically there really isn't any point in buying any equipment for your ""home"" gym until really really late into the rookie league... It's actually significantly cheaper to just keep visiting the gym... especially when you bring roy along, and when you fall in love.... (I haven't attempted a speed run yet) but i've finished the game with 2 characters around 320 days... and that was with a lot of build experimentation (resulting in losses)-So I would think that maybe your home gym equipment should give significantly more XP towards the stat... to even justify buying it.... because as it is now... its really quite useless... the gym is just better overall...Anyway thats my basic analysis after around 25hours of play time.... i'll probably have more ideas of improvement, but for an independent (really affordable game) I'm extremely happy with it so far. And I hope the game continues to be developed and expanded on!"
76561198006641012,Recommended,394310,20498725,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Gipsy Danger,Enjoyable game if you like 'Tycoon' style games like Game Dev Tycoon. Has some whimsy with humorous movie reverences and pokes fun at some clichés.Has some bugs/balance issues as of writing but devs seem to be aware and responsive.
76561198022464195,Recommended,394310,20498049,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,schneewittchen,"A great game - very entertaining.The art style is excellent, and progression and balance are some of the strongest points, but the story is chunky, and feels forced / cliche (perhaps purposely).While I enjoyed the game, I think most aspects of the game could be tweaked:(Spoiler-ish from here, if you're looking to play untainted, don't continue reading, suffice to say, the game is worth a playthrough.)Strength feels underpowered due to its overreliance on stamina to the point that I'm not sure its viable. I recommend rebalancing this at least slightly, but I think it needs work (also, counters are absolutely brutal for these builds)Tool-tips could use a little clarity, particularly in regards to clarifying if skills are passive or active (active skills that boost are definitely the ones that need this the most).Also, while I appreciate the flexibility of the game, it feels too easy to miss different side quests. I had an issue with fighting the aligator(s), apparently I got to a certain point in the game and couldn't fight past the second aligator.Progression slowing feels a little heavy-handed. I recommend toning down the skill loss that happens every day, while it extends the life of the game, it also makes it feel rather unrewarding, particularly early game. I'd use a different forumla for reductions, preferably one that rewards consistency, specialization, and/ or failure to train.Praise includes:Great job not making the game too micro/ click reliant. The game feels relaxing but interesting.Having mulitple leagues and side-quests makes the game more entertaining. Having a character go back and forth between two leagues was a lot of fun. (Though I wish late game leagues had more options, were more rewarding, and didn't consist of solely one-off fights)Fighting is easy, but subtle. small changes make a big difference.NPCs are challenging, but not insurmountable.Money management is difficult early game, which is exactly what you would expect for an amature boxer.On a similar note, the game hits an excellent point between simulation and gameplay.Great game, looking forward to it being deeply fleshed out and polished."
76561197992083855,Recommended,394310,20422441,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Matyvalien,"It is a fun little game , you train eat work sleep and interact with npcs then you go kick some a s s.  the last part is hard tho , you got no control over when the fight starts , and it is really really random to win and lose , stats diminish everyday so you have to keep working them up , i like the game but it is not for everybody   7/ 10"
,Recommended,394310,20429678,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mischmeister,"bought today after i saw it on twitch, played about 10 hours non stop, not a single crash, a must have for any retro-gaming aficionado!! Lots of 90ies references in it too."
,Recommended,394310,20437128,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[BoBo] AY PAPI,"This is kind of like The Sims meets Rocky.  You not only manage skills and tactics in the ring, but overall needs as well.  While some may find it tedious, I find it addictive."
,Recommended,394310,20455534,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TheGigas,"If you go into this game expecting an RPG or Punchout you will be disappointed. This is an retro style manager sim that requires a lot of planning and thought into each action you take and when you take it. If you want a sports manager with a differnt take, a  story and some awesome pixel art, or you grew up loving games like Monster Rancher, then this is for you. If you want an RPG where you just pump points into things. move along. This is not a game about instant gratification.Those saying the fights are predetermined by stats have not really figured out how the game works. Which is fair as it does leave a lot to the player to learn on their own, much like with real kick boxing. The fights won't make much sense until you get the scout perk, which lets you see the stats for each move and how your stats impact them.Early in my playtime I had to focus on stanima attacks as my opponents were stronger, absorbed most of the damage, had high health and could block pretty much everything. I was out stated across the board. But, they were using high energy cost attacks. By attacking their stanima with the snap kick I was quickly able to wear them down in the first round.  This meant in round 2 they couldn't use high stanima attacks frequently and would just run out of energy, leaving them open to being hit for high damage knock downs and unable to block my low damage attacks. You can easily underdog a fight if you plan several rounds ahead, you can also get destroyed if you don't (using dodge when you should use block can change a whole fight.)Eventually you can start planing 4 days a head by focusing on certain stats, visiting the gf for stats boosts, and planning rest and work days. You will get to a point where you can keep the fridge fully stocked and rarely need to work (fights start paying cash rewards for wins.) You need to build a routine for your fighter that works and use perks to fortify that routine/fight style. For example once I got the perk that keeps my agility at no lower then 8, I then started focusing on strength as it was only at 2. If I get it to 4 I can lock it in with a perk and ensure my hits deal some decent damage, but without losing the agility I need for dodging and landing hits. I use the agility tech tree, so this is a perfect balance for how I play and plan my fights.It's about building your fighter up slowly, over time learning from each success and failure. Not just training one stat and being awesome."
,Not Recommended,394310,20454601,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MxxiiiF,Savaldor Punchez - Impossible (Grinding all the time)
,Not Recommended,394310,20461526,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tietsu,"There is a very clear difference between a difficult game and one that simply punishes you. It unfortunately reveals itself to be firmly planted in the latter. More frustration simulator than a strategy game, you lose experience so quickly it's a matter of forced repetition that falls to grind and is then artificially spread over an unendearing and tedious homage of a story placed in a world that lacks any meaningful amount of variety of things to do, buy, or experience.Punch Club could have been a good game. It's not."
,Recommended,394310,20479463,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,hardcz,"I enjoyed it, a bit grindy, but overall fun.  The ending is killer, seems a bit rushed."
,Recommended,394310,20497588,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Goldwynn,"Originally I gave this game a negative review, but since then there has a been a patch that has really fixed my issue, which was the late game grind.I played through another campaign after the patch, it was much better this time around, the flow feels great now, there is plenty value here for what the devs are asking.My favourite reference had to be Jay and Silent Bob standing outsite the convenience store.Looking forward to more!"
,Recommended,394310,20513471,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,cancey,"Work hardBecome a championGo to your mansion and chill at your couch. Suddenly, ''where is my cat?''10/10 Play it again.-Spoiler-Really, what happened to our cat after we transfer to the mansion?-Spoiler-"
76561198240905216,Not Recommended,394310,20689507,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SanicSpeedz,"This is a great game dont get me wrong, but they NEED to nerf agility. Its wayy too OP. i have all this strengh and accuracy abilities whitch mean nothing to a level 9 agilitie person. its crap and it makes it so not fun:( please nerf agility!"
76561197991306990,Not Recommended,394310,21483669,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,samsonite789,"I'm not sure why I clocked ten hours of this game.  It probably had to do with the addictive nature of games like these, the Farmvilles and Runescapes of the world.  To put it simply, this game is a grindfest.  If you thought running on a treadmill was boring, try clicking on a treadmill and watching somebody run on it.  Over...and over..."
76561198070874289,Recommended,394310,21747768,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,zetathix,"Don't be upset with this game just because it need some lucks.Just like an old days which sometime, you are out of luck."
76561198095390980,Recommended,394310,21769302,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Patti Mayonnaise,"To be completely honest I would recommend this game any day of the week. Nice gameplay, looks beautiful and it's quite enjoyable. Theres just one small thing. The devs forgot that their main character is A HUMAN BEING and not a cyborg. The stat decay is waaay to harsh. I've tried, and finding the balance to actually buy pizza, train and work and well neeh..."
76561198017599590,Recommended,394310,21779842,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BrowncoatOkie,"What a fun game!  Let's hit the less than stellar points right off the bat, then I'll tell you why you should totally buy this game.It's completely retro.  Now, understand, I'm not saying that in itself is a bad thing; but it does mean it's not very pretty.  The graphics are like early 90's at best.  So's the dialog - pretty bad in spots.  Know what else is quite retro?  In the later gameplay it can be a bit buggy.Where's why it's awesome.  It just keeps moving - the game is a blast to play.  The storyline - despite less than Shakespearian dialog - is actually quite entertaining (in an over-the-top, steal-from-every-80's movie they can kind of way.)And just when I think I'm about to beat the game's last level, guess what!  There's another level on top of that.  This has happened three times now, and I still haven't finished it.  I would have been satisfied with ending after the second ""stage"" - for a $10 game.  And, what's more, I would have immediately started replaying it - it's that fun.Best entertainment purchase I've made in awhile.  Or worst - since I'm getting absolutely nothing done.  Talk about a productivity sink.Looking forward to finishing it so I can get back to finishing my taxes!  ...Nah - I'll just start again from the beginning.  :D"
,Recommended,394310,21780448,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Ｅｚｅｋｉｅｌ ☭,"Very fun, quite a time sink to work out the best way to train and stay fed and with cash, but it's certainly worth the investment.Would be nice if there were more side quests and random characters, but overall it's a fun game.7/10"
76561198107669471,Recommended,394310,22353622,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,FernandoIT@,"I bought this game 1 month ago,finally i have time to play :D ,i really like,i feel like Stallone while i play and then i love these games with old graphic,is a little masterpiece :)"
,Recommended,394310,22475679,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Seeqa,"Punch Club is a great game and you should buy it and support the devs BUT it could use mod support because working out, working,getting food and going home to eat food then repeating is VERY annoying for people like me who love progression and will get mods off steam if they have to.There isnt that much more to complain about and for people that say way of the tiger is too easy well they dont have a difficulty slider at the begginning so you can think of way of the tiger being easy mode, way of the bear being normal mode and way of the turtle being hard mode."
,Recommended,394310,26403832,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,KingIsOg,its good but i just wished that the days could be longer and make easier to lvl up your stats
76561198273832832,Recommended,394310,20424445,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lemon Tea Hero,"Nice graphic and nice music, it is a very stunning game.One recommendation is that can make more interaction with the object and people."
,Recommended,394310,20425947,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The Mathew,"This game is a lot of fun! The 90s graphics and sound are a nice touch, along with the references to 90s things such as Rocky and the A-Team. The story is nice as well. It also has more depth to it than one would expect with its multiple endings.There is also a bit of strategy involved with the training system. You can't simply max out all your stats. You have to pick 1 stat to focus on while maintaining the other 2. The skill tree is great as well. You have to decide what style of fighter you want and upgrade his moves by using the in-game currency. It's challenging, but it makes the game more fun because you're prevented from dominating your way to the top."
76561198237304962,Recommended,394310,20428216,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Vandereer,I've tried to cheat the guy in the office for free food.He saw the money I am carrying with me and shoved me off.Had to eat frozen pizza again.Not regretting it.
,Not Recommended,394310,20434131,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,twitchtv/frunkoh #hype,"Ok look. I don't hate it. For the sim aspects it's pretty decent, but the fights get too increasingly difficult and the rewards are too low. Skill point farming is too boring. You are pretty much only going to grind towards whatever perk lets your stats never fall below a certain value. Deviating off that path means a TON of wasted time training just to maintain stats.It's really only a 6/10 game.EDIT: So with a few updates rolling out, the cap cost of 25 skill points per skill is much more attainable. The latter stages of the game are simplified so its not so grindy. I will attempt a second playthrough of sorts and see if I can feel better about this game."
76561198020825864,Recommended,394310,20437494,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Decalcomania,"I'm thoroughly enjoying this game... it's so addictive! The art style and retro vibe are absolutely fantastic. There's a lot of funny references and easter eggs to be found as well.I don't understand why people are complaining about it being too hard / grindy. Once you get your play style down and nail a good rythm, it's very easy to progress. The story is also a bit of fun too, very nicely done indeed.Buy it, buy it now! You won't be sorry.*Goes back to train harder*"
,Recommended,394310,20437524,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mario,Charming little game.  Well worth full price.  Especially highly recommended if you have a bit of nostalgia for great 80s/90s NES games in you and you like quirky jokes.
76561198103543129,Recommended,394310,20442748,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,velev e slab,Really nice game
,Recommended,394310,20456536,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[NE]Widget,"Punch club is a fighting sim/rpg/tycoon style game.  It's very passive in play style, much like some anime style time-management games where you schedule your characters actions per day and try to have the skills and stats unlocked to accomplish goals.  There's content enough for at least two plays through the game depending on the choices you make.  There are some balance issues that still need to be addressed and the daily stat drain is brutal, but, that's mostly because they want you to play the game a specific way and the specific way is through unlocking and choosing the correct skills versus simply getting high stats.  This forcing of a specific play style is further evidenced by how overpowered some particular choices are versus the other obvious avenues.  Agility is way stronger and easier to play compared to Stamina or Strength.It's a fun game worth checking out.  It's chock full of 80's references and jokes.  It's amusing enough to have kept me interested for 8+ hours which is decent value for the cost, assuming I'm not going to finish it in the next 15 minutes."
,Recommended,394310,20458337,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Palomonico,"This game is EXCELENT!Is easy to get lost in this one. At the beggining is kind of slow progress but as you start to get it, you will become unstoppable.Recommended"
76561198060815448,Recommended,394310,20458493,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,OGbobman,"Hey this game is a great game! It is fun, a lot of 80s nostalgia. It is a fun gam; but it is not for me.Now if you are fan of Point and Click, and setting fighting moves and seeing it being played; then this game is for you. For me it is not. The music is good, the artwork is fantastic, and the game plays great. But for me its not my thing.As a game (from what I played) I'd give it a 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,394310,20459348,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,El Lanf,"We`re going to need a montage!Punch Club! is a throwback to everything 80s. You're a punk out to avenge your father's death through YOUR GODDAMN FISTS. Life's hard and you have to work hard and train hard. Think it's okay to spend a day chilling with your bro,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the day away? World champs don't have time for that.Punch club shows the difficulty of trying to maintain a life balance whilst trying to hone your body. Yes that day at the gym will be wasted if you spend a whole week delivrring pizzas. But a man has got to eat and how else will you put something on the dinner table whilst a scrapping the barrel of the rookie league boards?Punch club gives you the choice of trying to find the killer by being a legit world class struggling to make ends meet or go through the underworld where you may face other challenges with a branching storyline.As for the gameplay, punch club forces you to balance your time and money. Your stats: Strength, Agility and Stamina are increased by using gym equipment ( one kind of training has a fatigue meter forcing you to use less efficient ones if you wish to train one stat more in a time frame) and stats degrade daily. Eventually to surpass certain limits you will need to make training a full time duty.  There are also Skills which are unlocked from skill points earnt from fights. Therefore combat experience will allow the benefits of training to come to fruition. The skill tree branches according to which stat you wish to focus on.Fights are mostly automatic where you choose the skills you want for the round and then watch. Rounds last 30s and vary in number depending on 'tournament' rules. Will you focus on high accuracy moves to catch the pesky dodgers, attempt to exhaust them with blocks and hard throws or become whirlwind counter attacker? You can see your upcoming opponent usually and spend the days of training crafting your strategy to beat them - this can be quite important! You don't want try to tire out a boundless ball of energy or focus on hard hitting but inaccurate slugs against a nimble foe.However don't expect to learn more than 1 or 2 moves before your next fight. One snag of strategy is the imbalance between builds. As of now, agility based builds are generally considered superior. What good is your strength if not only to your exhausting yet killer punches not only fail to connect at all but also injure yourself for a proportional amount? My high level strength character had to rely on basic boxing punches to catch moderate agility foes without raising agility equal to theirs and a repeated misses would devastate myself; meanwhile their weakness is just a lower Hp pool with their damage based on doing my damage back to me albeit more reliably!. Hopefully the developers will even the routes out and even days after release have been working tirelessly to address our criticisms. Agility currently is an absolute must to maintain a bare minimum of near parity with your opponent whilst the other two are optional. This may be as simple to fix as just lowering the dodge chances however so expect this game to be in a better state soon.Is it worth it now? Mostly depends on how much much you like grinding. Those liking jrpgs shouldn't have much issue but if you want something suited for quick blasts, no. Right now the game can be a bit frustating at times before you've developed your style and hav eexperimented around. At the same time part of the charm is the difficulty; I do not think there is any sort of gameover mechanic i.e. death, running out of time etc., stat degradation can mean you may find yourself in a slump where progression feels challenging. If you're having a hard time maybe someone might just offer you a 'magic potion'. Either way any fan of 80s TV and old fighting games will be sure to love all the cheeky nods."
,Not Recommended,394310,20476942,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Felshade,"Pros : Early and mid game are fun and paced well. Got lost in the game for a number of hours.Cons : The late game grind. The observed music variety ranges between ""Fight Music"" and ""Not Fight Music"". Balance issues and lurking feeling of playing a game in early access.I beat the game once just to see it through, but it was definitely just a matter of powering through it towards the end.Devs seem very attentive and are putting out updates frequently to address gameplay and balance issues, I may have to give it another go in a week or two."
76561198040303631,Recommended,394310,20479516,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,CardboardHelmet,Brings back memories of spending hours leveling up nano fighters and pitting them againts each other in 8-bit digital battle and carnage. This games gets my nostalgia wheels turning with its SNES 90s stylings and RPGs elements that are simple and rewarding. I absolutely recomend everyone to get this game!
,Recommended,394310,20480852,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,tiilerdye,"Great casual RPG provided hours of fun. As some of the other reviews have stated it is definitely a grinder, you'll be spending hours just grinding the same routine over and over. It may take a few tries to get a good balance between making money, working out, eat+sleep, fights, and story-progression... but once you get it it's much more fun."
,Recommended,394310,20510744,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mikoto',10/10
76561197971364432,Not Recommended,394310,20704094,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Saraphim,"Extremely grindy. Why anyone thought it was a good idea to force the player to spend 80% of their time ""training"" (ie. watching the character do exercise) i cannot fathom."
,Not Recommended,394310,21524698,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Martin Papp,"People are always asking me, if I know Punch Club.6 hours, that´s it. do you have something to say to mark the occasion ?"" I can´t recommend this game.""Think of everything you broke.Suddenly I realized, the broken keyboard, mouse, lot of nerves, negative review has someting to do with the thing named Random number generator.Randomness... randomness is a b1tch thing. When you encounter it working in this game, you are never really winning.. and you are never really loosingWhen losing ideas become a thing, it will be the  big corporations who will remake everything - remake, remaster, HD remaster, definitive editions...But this game is something new for me. I am some shirtless guy manager/planer.you maintain ( except for other things ) three main branches:1. strength2. agility3. staminaA = go to work, you gain money, but lose time, mood, energy, lose full stomach = lose money for food , your trained attributes ( in the end of a day )B = go to gym, you gain skillz ( attribute points of what you choose to train ), gain little mood, loose energy, time ( yes, in the end of the day you will still loose some of your attributes ), lose money ( pay for the gym ), lose full stomach = lose money for foodC = go to sleep, gain energy, gain mood, lose full stomach = lose money for food, lose time ( end of the day lose attributes )If A times B times C equals no improvement, you are ( not ) doing it wrong.I am a pizza guy. I make and sell pizza.Man I had everything, this perfect level 4 stamina, some money for food, level 4 agility.I say never have all high stats, I say never carry a lot of money with you. Stop having your character perfect in all ways. But that´s just the game and it´s  ( not )wrong.You wake up. You hit the gym. Lose a hour, gain a strenght. you are at work. Gym. Delivering pizza.I have money.I have no money.Random encounter brought this thug, who beat my a.. , when i was average level 5 in every aspect of my skill.You are not your strenght. you are not how much time you spend in the gym. you are not your perk, you use. You are not the fights you win. You can lose fight to all crappy stat plaeyrs of the game.I wanted to beat something beautifull, this opponent three times weaker than me.But random number generator.Why wasn´t I told about this ?Sir first rule of random number generator...SHUT UP !... it´s random."
,Recommended,394310,21746726,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jarl the Sagan,"This game does exactly what it sets out to do. Is it grindy... yes and at times its unbearable. Much like the Souls games though this added to the game especially thematically. You have to spend all day training, and early on when you are poor you have to manage how you balance your income with your training.To be clear its not for everyone. Its casually hardcore in that your decisions really do matter but its very accesible and gives you as much time you need to set up a game plan. Really awesome to see the new FREE content drop so early on as well."
76561198032685437,Recommended,394310,21765047,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Gnagh Bagk,"Aamzingly, but this game is so Mega Cool!Train your fighter, win fights and train again, take part at dangerous fights, help your friends, train even more, become a champion and last but not least become a professionel fighter. Oh and i forgot, laugh the whole time about the funny dialogs.This is whats awayts you at Punch Club.I thought that this game will be played through in a short amount of time but everytime you think you come to an end you will be pushed to the next level. Its a really nice game!"
76561198163329856,Recommended,394310,21788692,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TheWeenOfTheCentury,"An amazing game, very fun. I recommend this to anyone who likes fighting games. Unlike most games you don't get moneyfor no reason. You actually have to go to work to get money. You also need to eat and sleep. So you can use the money that you earn from working to get food. All in all great game!"
,Not Recommended,394310,22206038,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Just In Time,"I was really looking forward to buying this game, as the premise seemed like a lot of fun. The idea of a Professional Fighting RPG with a storyline appealed to me like all hell. And while I'd be lying if I said I didn't have fun with this game, the fun dries up pretty fast. It's entirely possible that I played the game exactly wrong, but the required balancing act of earning money, training, and restoring your 'hunger' and 'rest' meters seemed unreasonably difficult to juggle without causing massive detriment to your training due to the absolute need to buy food, as you can do literally nothing on an empty stomach. Not even sleep. At the end of my five hours of playing, the game seemed to devolve into endlessly watching meters fill up and empty, broken up by the occasional fight that you have zero input in other than occasionally rearranging what moves your character is capable of performing. It almost felt like the game was built for microtransactions to speed things up, even though no such system exists in this game.Maybe I was playing wrong. Maybe you're supposed to throw yourself into constant battle. Maybe I was gonna unlock easier ways to do everything. Maybe I shouldn't have believed Mick when he said he wouldn't give me free meals anymore when I was low on money. Maybe this game's exactly as charming and fun as I hoped it would be! But that's for someone more patient than me to find out."
76561198032428884,Recommended,394310,20426442,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Saitama (sake343),"This is a good boxing tycoon game. Similar to what you'd find in a Kairosoft game. It is repetitive and grindy as others have stated. However it is about having a plan and strategy. There are perks/skills that will limit how far your skills will degrade at the end of each day. I consider these skills prime ones to get first (have to get other skills to unlock them), however it will allow you to get to 8/8/8 eventually.  The skill system is deep, and I imagine you can play this at least 3 times doing the 3 different trees...Graphics: 7/10 for SNES style retro graphics.Music: 5/10 for SNES type game, very repititive, could use more variety.Gameplay: 6/10 It's fun, however it is grindy and not a lot of variety.Replay: 6/10 I would like to see all 3 skill sets and how each fighter would play out. My guy is a dodging master with a glass jaw.Overall 6.5/10If you like tycoon type games, and do not mind grindy/repitition you will like this one.Some Tips below: (note, as of this review i'm 3-4 hours in). Possible spoilers...but not much to spoil in this kind of game.--------------------------------------------------------------Primary stats:Strength: Damage and HPAgility: Hit chance and dodge chanceStamina: Energy regeneration and damage absorptionFrom what I can tell, you are given a random perk on day 1 (headed to your job the first time).Mick can feed you a certain number of times for free (you have to be poor $0-6 roughly, and hungry). This is helpful in the beginning.If you do not carry a lot of $ around, you will never run into bandits from what I can tell (I am on day 51, and only ran into bandits/theives on day 1, which is a set event, 100% chance of happening). Other reviews mention running into bandits/theives and having them take half of your money. I recommend to not earn more than $120 early on.  I concentrated on earning enough for gym ($10) and buying meat (2-3 at $20 each).Since the gym costs $10 each visit, make sure you go in fully rested and fully fed (or close to it) so you can train longer.Avoid doing the same excercise/workout non-stop. Best to switch it up.Do not concentrate on all 3 stats. Base your primary stat on your random starting perk if it affects one more than another.The heavy bag in the gym is a good way to raise all 3 stats after a new day starts (as it takes stat points away every single day).You can spend $ on training with Silver (gym). $15 or $20. Both earn you 2 tokens to spend on perks/skills.Some extra thoughts:--------------------------------------------------------My beginning random perk was ""skinny man"" or ""thin man"", which made it easier to dodge, but if I get hit, I take more damage. This forced me into the agility track. I have seen game play videos where a guy got a kicking talent (no negatives).I am on around day 51 in the game and was consistently winning (75% 85% of the time).I am now getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in the main tournament, lost 3 fights straight...and badly. So I have to now concentrate on earning money, other activities to ""change it up"". By that I mean doing the ultimate fighting bracket, saving up for gym equipment. I feel that bandits/theives won't beat me as easily. I will update this to see how this goes. I'm close to having the perk where I can not lose/go lower than 8 agility (4/4 in rest).  This will help me concentrate on another stat to get it up to around 8-9 instead. Instead of the main tournament, i'm going to spend $ on sparring/punch bags w/ Silver to earn tokens.Stats on day 51 are 5/9/4 (str/agi/stm)."
76561198228103864,Recommended,394310,21703713,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Crisp, Cold, Dr. Pepper","The game is fun but can be tedious so if you want the game make sure you're okay with that. Only problem I found was at certain points you can't save and quit, you cant even quit at all. If you right click it's icon on the taskbar and press close window it just pops up the menu in-game and alt f4 is the same. Other than that great game."
76561197968550025,Recommended,394310,21775342,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Luxius,"Those negative reviews saying the game is a grind should be discounted. It does take a while to get to end game, which is a plus in my book, but it's not at all impossible. It does, however, take some management skills, like a micro-edition of The Sims in 2D. It's only part of the game, though, as you'll have to beat your way to the top in different leagues - either at once or one at a time, that's really up to you.Pro tip: read that book you get early in the game, it has valid hints. Study your skills and unlock those more than you focus on your stats. Some skills actually lock your stats to a minimum, so please study those skills ahead.10/10 for story, geek references like vintage movies and games, arcade gloss, etc."
,Recommended,394310,21090300,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,sides?,Rated 5/7 by iMDB so I bought it
76561198005435074,Recommended,394310,26410096,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Secret.Mama-Bird ^_^,This game is beyond amazing and hardcore mode is so beast mode.
76561198165984682,Not Recommended,394310,23635581,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,matthew.e.ballantyne,"This game is illogically difficult for no other reason than the developers want you to play it in a very specific way.If you work and train hard too early on, gaining what the game considers an ""ungodly"" sum of money too soon, you face a barrage of robberies on the street, or on the street while taking the bus to the various in-game destinations.  If you try to develop your skill in one of the three main categories, like all the ""experts"" that are in contact with you suggest, you end up having a player that excels in the first round of any fight, but literally can't sustain ANYTHING after that......completely illogical.  And to make matters worse, you arbitrarily lose skill ratings at the end of each day.  The numbers I watched my character lose over my 200 plus game days followed no line of in-game experience whatsoever......after one fight I won, I lost over 400 points in my strength, and 80 points of stamina.  After a loss, I lost 50 points of strength and 13 points of stamina.  One day, I was working at my job at the end of the game day, and lost 500 points of strength, and 300 points of stamina, and still another day when I was finishing my job, I lost only 10 points of strength, but 400 points of stamina.It's fun in that it's nostalgic of the 8-bit game era, but it's stupidly difficult just because the developers don't want you to excel too fast, based on their pre-determined story line.  Total nonsense!  Games should be open-ended in the technical aspects, and not built to ""tax"" your player just because you built some communism-based game engine.  Absolute nonsense!I do not recommend this game, and I am now leary of anything from this developer in the future."
,Not Recommended,394310,23399389,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,noblekale,"There's a few things to like here - the graphics are really good, and there's probably a lot of content...... BUT there's a lot that the game hits you with at once (the superhero content really gets in the way) and you get shoehorned into doing certain things which inhibits a feeling of freedom. For instance: the game starts by saying you should read a paper but then makes you go into the garage to train, then eat food THEN you get to go to the paper. Similarly, going to work for the first time, you get railed off to another location which takes time. It springs location shifts on you now and then which forces time/money questions - and basically could sink you..... AND the fights are incredibly, incredibly, incredibly:A) Unpredictable,and worst of allB) Boring.Really needs either something for the player to be doing during the fights (say, perhaps being a photographer or something to earn more money during the match), OR needs a 'quick fight' button, OR needs a playspeed multiplier button. There's zero reason why you can't give me an option to speed up the fight scenes by 2/4/8x speed. Gameplay wouldn't be affected, I'd still see everything I need (which since it's all RNG, is nothing) and I would be less bored.edit: Also, stat decay really wasn't something I'm an entire fan of - it seems way aggressive. I realise this is something that happens to athletes, etc - but in this case I think they need to turn that rate wayyyy down."
76561197995828196,Recommended,394310,20602291,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Faic,"Fun but shallow, and only good if you like a grind.  If so, 10+ hours worth."
,Recommended,394310,20417891,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Islam Karimov,"This game is amazing.A lot of people have been complaining about it being hard to think about and adjust your time to all the possible ways, let's say gym time, food time, social time etc. That just adds to the overall quality because it bombards you with 1000 different things to do, forcing your mind to adjust to that speed and thinking. It's a brain feeding game that is also fun in so many ways. There are thousands of things to do when you're pass the 30 minute play time mark.Apsolutely gorgeous, the music is beloved to my heart, gameplay is fast-paced and doesn't give you time to decide, you have to adjust and think about what you are doing at each point of your play time. It's a rewarding game that keeps on giving with its possibilities and actions.It's a masterpiece 10/10."
,Recommended,394310,21046672,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Shaklin,"A really good Management-Game, nice retro-Graphic and Story (with many Easter-Eggs and references to movies).It's not an easy game, but you can't stop playing it, this game is fun and addictive!Without rushing: ~9-10 hours PlaytimeBut maybe more, if you want all achievements, fighting on different paths and different storylines ..or just for fun :).EDIT: hours+ :Now with a free DLC.I recommend this game, but it has more potential.. maybe in Punch Club 2 :)!"
,Recommended,394310,21747557,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dayemon,"Called various animal rights groups. They told me they could do nothing for cats that randomly jump off buildings in video games and that the devs can not be held liable.11/10 Great game, would watch cats jump off buildings again."
76561198020074407,Recommended,394310,20465822,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Oberst_Maler,"First of all its a game that lifes from its Retro style in ANY way. Its quiet amusing to find Jay and Silent Bob, The Ninja Turtles, or join the Fight Club and so on and on and on. The graphics remind me of the old days when i was a kid and games were made to have fun, this is one of the games where you can have plenty of fun with.Pro´s- Fighting System is fun (not to long like some say)- Always something to do with your char (develop a rota, fight, train, train/fight, fight, tran...)- Massive Skill trees which can develop a feeling for the char you play- Managing your char is medicore difficult, in the beginniny you need to understand the dynamics and go from there.- Ingame Manual and Explanations are simple and sufficient- Retro Graphics and Soundtrack :) nice love it- 7.2 hours played so far 9.99 payed - so good value time/moneyCon´s- Would like to invest in the house and pro gear, but have to go to the gym insteadIf you like retro games, the 90´s and want to spend some easy going fun hours i guess this game can keep you for 40+ fascinated and atleast 2-3 runs with different chars just to try the different styles, boxer, ultimate fighter, asian style etc.The reviews about the stats crippling etc. can be ignored, they just play wrong.Starting Guide ""Boxer""1. Pick 2 Attributes suting what you want to do will pick the Boxer Strength/Constitution are his skills, keep them at same level, leave agility to 4 and lock it via skill.1.1 Dont do more then 2 times construction work you dont want to get robbed, buy 4 meat from it and start train, sleep circle - repeat2. Start Ultimate fighting when your attributes are something like 5-4-5 should be easy going and bring the gym cash.3. When training also ask for training fights for 15 bucks = 2 Skillpoints (every 24hours)3.1 Do the Fight Club when you can gives also free skillpoints think its 3 per fight so 15 in total3.2 Get the Pizza Quest done and beat the hell out of the ""ninja turtles"" but watch out they get more tough4. Unlock the Bear Path and get the Punch that lowers enemy Stamina its hell of a differenceThe rest figure it out on the fly good luck"
,Not Recommended,394310,20819576,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Xiokasane,"Extremely unbalanced. Cool ideas hampered by the fact that aglity is broken. Also found a game ending bug in the gang section, losing a fight and then spending my respect caused me to be unable to do anything, regardless of how much money I obtained or time I let pass."
76561198056412577,Not Recommended,394310,20550950,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sunshine,"Spend 7 jillion hours grinding resources and stats that repeatedly vanish into nothingness!Strap yourself into a railroad tech tree that requires even more grinding than the stats do!Watch in frustration as your worthless dudebro stands still in combat, yet still loses all his energy!Stack Agility like a conformist so that you can enjoy the game the way the devs intended! Haha!This game started off as a charming 10/10 for me.The rank diminished every day I played by a large portion, for apparently no reason.1/10 for boring core game loop + unbalanced designI am disappoint."
,Recommended,394310,29123449,Posted: 8 January,all,Negan,NO RETREAT!!! NO SURRENDER!!!
,Not Recommended,394310,20414371,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,smank,"The game looks great and has an excellent sense of humor.  Too bad it's mostly grinding and impossible fights early on.  If I wanted to play a point and click adventure, I'd play Shadowgate. K. Thx."
76561198178436929,Recommended,394310,20438445,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,joker7265,- i got on the game- i grinding till i had to get a new mouse- met a girl- spend over 800 dollers on her- she said no to marring me- my charecter shoot himself after saying he will alwasy be alone and the drugs dont help100-10 would live throw it agian
,Not Recommended,394310,20412691,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,XX,Fights aren't interactive.
76561197977496310,Not Recommended,394310,20417069,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Corpsed,"I prepurchased this game and also spent a bit of time watching the gameplay on Twitch in anticipation for the release. It looked like an amazing game, but I guess looks can be decieving. Is it a terrible game? No... But it is a completely linear game that forces you to grind down your linear path.During the game you are either working to get money for food, or working out or fighting which depletes your energy and makes you hungry. When you're doing anything other than working out all of your stats are depleting, so you basically have to cycle between working, fighting, and working out and constant runs to the grocery store for food... This is incredibly boring and repetitive.Not only that, but there is really little freedom with how you build your character. You can build an agility character, a strenghth character, or a stamina character and THAT'S THAT! There is the illussion that you can build your character howevery you like, but if you stray from the predetermined path of the stat you've chosen at the beginning, your character will suck. The game penalizes you for having a character with high stats in other areas other than your predetermined stat...So if you like linear stories with lots of grind, then you might enjoy this game. There is really little gameplay though. You just grind grind grind, then fight when you've got your food and energy straight. Not sure why this looked fun when I watched it on Twitch. I guess the long delays between actions on Twitch gave a false impression."
,Not Recommended,394310,20422660,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kit,Punch yourself in the face club
76561198037794535,Not Recommended,394310,26410124,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sliyver,"this game requires perfectioning in every aspect if you missup one time , things will add up until you fall down . you need to play it perfectly without a mistake or else you gonna start a new game . i finished the game when it first came out it was fun , after few updates , the game become more complex and more difficult it is not fun anymore"
76561198017622321,Not Recommended,394310,20418050,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,im junger,Losing sucha hefty amount of stats each day isnt worth the fun.
,Recommended,394310,20483640,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Bazza,"Punch Club is a very addicting game where u grind your way to the top.-Story was pretty average-Gameplay was OK-Tonnes of pop culture references I didnt really care aboutI feel it is important to note, you dont actually do any fighting yourself, you kind of just choose what moves you want to use before you go into each round (which you unlock in a tech tree format beforehand).Normally the fight is over by the second round anyway so there isnt too much tactics in place anyway.If this game is on sale for a few dollars I would definitely recommend it as an enjoyable timewaster."
,Recommended,394310,20483284,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,kerby442,"If punch out, Rocky, and a RPG had a baby and it was filled with the your love of eighties and Nineties movie culture. It would be this game. Thank you for making it. And thank you Tangent gaming on twitch for introducing me to it."
76561198078741610,Not Recommended,394310,20418458,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,King Babar,"How do I start to describe Punch club?I was hoping that this game would be along the lines of one of my favorite video games back in the day, monkey puncher for the Gameboy Color, which is basically alot like Punch Club, just that it's actually a fun game and not a tedious repetetive task. And the concept is defintely there, I think this could be a super fun, rewarding game. Just that it isn't. This game (right now) takes every chance it gets to ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥ You work to get money, that's alright we'll rob you of your money. You train to gain stats, no worries - at the end of the day we'll decrease your stats. Build up strength (4) so you can  punch hard early game, NOOOOOPE, you only have 2 stamina so your energy will drain out and everytime it does, you get knocked down apparently (and end up losing).This game has infinite potential, the devs should fix so the game rewards you instead of ♥♥♥♥ing you over. No one wants to play an infinite boring grind where the player never gets better, that's just not any fun."
76561198012199144,Not Recommended,394310,20437995,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lex,"This game is boring,repetitive and completly random"
,Recommended,394310,20484807,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DirkDeadeye,"It's 10 bucks, I've gotten like 10 hours out of it so far, seems like there are branching paths, and it's a good game.I dunno.Buy it."
,Recommended,394310,20484065,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Stealth_Monkey,The retro feel of this game is so on point. I feel like it matches the past so well while still satistifying todays standards
,Recommended,394310,20465525,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The Crimson Chinchilla,Buy the game. Share my pain. Don't be an idiot and you'll do well. I usually don't even train until I have two pieces of workout equipment in my home which will be after about a thousand muggings. Hang in there.
76561198055510217,Not Recommended,394310,20925230,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,rosswmrice,"Game is a repetitive Skinner Box with yoyoing enemies. the story is OK, but the ending sucks and feels rushed."
76561198019013822,Not Recommended,394310,30063797,Posted: 20 February,all,Werebox,Repetititve♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394310,20430994,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Darky,"Grind is real boys!Stat decay is bull, artificially prolonging the game duration. Grind was real, very hard to start out but once you get some stats going (and by stats i mean only pump agility, get the better dodge and counter attack from agility skill tree), you can farm the warehouse guys for money instead of working. Fight -> buy 7 meat -> train -> eat sleep; Fight with guy in gym everyday for 3 skill points and also with Roy (total 5 per day), keep doing it every single damn day and pump those agility skills. Repeat to infiny. Finished the game in 157 ingame days. Would not do again.Conclusion: Don't level up anything except agility, game is a chore/grind, other builds except agility don't work (tried a bit with str, kept missing all the time, agility imba), if you are masochistic and enjoy a time sink this game is for you."
76561197968114576,Not Recommended,394310,26415954,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Gag Knuckle,"It's not really a game. There's no real decisions to be made or anything. Just grind and watch your bars fill up. Also all the ""humour"" is literally just ""Hey, remember that thing?"""
,Not Recommended,394310,20438976,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Grim,"Game looked quite interesting, but its pretty much just one of those couple hour hype games and then its 6 hours of just gotta get these stats so I can do this thing hype and then you just question why you're still playing the game for the rest of the time.Skill tree's are very oddly set up and although the game looks like it has branches and alot of moves depending on what path you choose you're locked into a set coupleFights although interesting initially they're eventually like wow ive got to deal 250 damage to each of 6 enemies to progressTraining is just completely repetive clicking and waiting and then eating and then sleeping and if you stop training well you lose your progress day by dayThe intitial start up is quite difficult as attaining money and keeping your stats up requires a good balance and then you get mugged and lose half your money untill you beat all the thugs and then you get quite a nice job to make some cash and it gets way easier and just assists in how boring the game is.Im currently at an end game part and I just cant push myself to finish it becuase of how boring it is, im constantly just watching the screen and clicking somewhere different and watching again and its just boring.All in all there needs to be some sort of automation to the game to relieve some of the ridiculously boring training/working/sleeping cycle and the abilities and skills need to be reworked to add in variation in fights instead of just going round after round with khk block dodge skip attack and counter and watching the fight and skill alocation should be resetable also skipping fights really really really really really needs to be a thing.oh and chat windows, WHY CANT I SKIP THE DIALOGUE LIKE IS THIS THE 90's?"
,Not Recommended,394310,21018790,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Space_Worm,"A boring life simulator where you get to watch a retro pixely dude punch people once in a while.There is no actual fighting in this fighting game, you just choose what skills you want your character to use during a fight and then sit there and stare as he exchanges blows with the oponent. There is no choice during the actual fight, you don't tell him when or how to use the skills you selected, it's all just random dice rolls as to what he will do next.The rest of the game focuses on having to slave at a boring job to get money for food, you basically just watch a bar go up and get money when it's at the top. Other then that you also have to work out to get your fighters stats up, this is as simple as choosing what training implement to use for different stats and then watch as he repeatedly goes trough the same animation untill he doesn't want to do that specific training anymore and you have to click on another implement.This is one of those weird games that takes things away from you the further you get into it. After a while you won't have to worry about working or shopping for food as it is provided for you. You also get a home gym so you won't have to leave the house for training. So it basically boils down to watching your fighter work out 95% of the time and then having a fight once in a blue moon. Aparently pro fighters don't fight as often as the rookie ones.There is also sub plots like a love interest. But it all basically boils down to click something and watch. Click girlfriend, click chat, watch him stand there akwardly flexing his muscles while he talks and gets his relationship up.The games artstyle is retro and looks good for a retro game. However there is very little originality in the sense of humor or area design. It's all just one screen for each area and every last area is filled to the brim with pop-culture references and memes, no actual creativity or originality went into constructing the characters or the world.All in all, I'd say don't buy it, don't play it, unless you enjoy sitting motionless watching boring sprite animations for hours on end untill you have enough stats to beat the next fighter."
76561197997457007,Not Recommended,394310,20435786,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Obama Bin Laden,Same over and over again. not worth it...   No real doing anything just clicking on stuff he does. Not even while fighting
76561198243013686,Recommended,394310,20525292,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,JediJoel,"i love this game for its challenge, its customizing and its action. Even though i'm not in control of fights it's still very tense and i love its open world theme and the level up system, hunger, energy, happyness and more. But what it needs is the ability to customize you characters appearence and main branch.(Bear, Tiger, Turtle) I think it's worth buying if your'e that kind of person. anyway good luck on beating the crap out of some people :)"
,Not Recommended,394310,23726265,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,xSqueaky,Feels like a mobile game with the amount of stat decay. Makes it hellishly boring
,Not Recommended,394310,20429101,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Alpha One,"Completely disregarding their Twitch stunt, the game itself is an unrewarding slog. It's marketed as a game where ""it's all in your hands"" where you can create the fighter you want, but unless you're making a very specific karate-kicking Agility build you will lose. This isn't sour grapes, this isn't ""wahhh the game isn't holding my hand"", this is a fact. My character has 8 strength, 4 Agility and 6 Endurance, and I am regularly being beaten to a pulp by guys who have half my stats because of the way the stats scale with one another. It is also worth mentioning that unless you are training your stats 100% of the day, you will lose probably half your gains due to daily stat decay, which I see as blatantly padding the length of your game.Also, there is a mechanic where if you're carrying more than $200 dollars on you you WILL get attacked by a mugger who is programmed to be statistically superior to you. You will eventually reach a point where you can beat him, but by that point you don't really need the home gym equipment you saved up for... all of which cost more than $200.With time it could be pretty fun, because the skill trees are long and in depth and boxing/fighting managing games are very rare, but it's a mess right now. Here's hoping that they patch it up so that it's actually fun and you can complete it in multiple ways."
,Recommended,394310,20721201,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,N1 IRaipz,Nice Game
76561198018423221,Not Recommended,394310,20713889,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Comrad,"This game started off so well, but quickly went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ My mistake was to keep on playing, instead of refunding this awful game.Gosh, where do I start? This game really only has marketing on it's side. The mechanics are tedious and frustrating, throwing all your progress in the ♥♥♥♥ing trash at the end of each day, giving you no sense of progress, and what has to be the laziest god damn ending I have EVER seen in my entire life. Not only does it not make sense, I.E. stuff just happens to surprise, even though it fails to do so, and it is downright RUSHED, cutting a line in the middle and giving us the ""To be continued..."" bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have NEVER been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at an ending as I am with this game's ending, and after all the tedious grinding, rightfully so.From the distributor of other great games such as SpeedRunners, Party Hard, No Time To Explain and Lonely Planet, I am EXTREMELY disappointed, and for everybody's sanity, I hope there isn't a Punch Club 2."
,Not Recommended,394310,21214689,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,spook mk.II,"Extremely buggy if you end task once say goodbye to your experience, game gets extremely slow after about 5 hours and if you go anything other than tiger you just lose the second you get to Russian area."
,Recommended,394310,20461727,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,DumbWhiteGuy,Buy it
76561198066260149,Not Recommended,394310,20463171,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,i g n i s -edgeboi.exe,"If you like the combat being 90% RNG, and being mildly addicted. This is the game for you.PS. Lowkey, this game is pretty bad, but it gives me nostalgia."
,Recommended,394310,20483638,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ßeta,"I enjoyed the game. Took about 8 hours to beat and I spent a lot fo it grinding while watching streams on twitch. It was a good time wasteing game while I was waiting for stuff to patch. It has a lot fo clever little pop culture refrences: TMNT, Mortal Komabt, Jay adn Silent Bob, Blood Sport and more. For the price i foudn it very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,394310,20451722,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shadwan,"I was very excited to play this game until I got to playing it. Don't get me wrong I really liked the concept but the game mainly consists of non-stop grinding! The first time I played it I bought equipment for my garage but yet struggled to meet ends meet with the highly demanding resource consumption and the constant skill loss making it very difficult to move up the fighting leagues.I decided to make a new save and focus on ""Money"" this is what I called my new character.  Everything went smoothly from there, I mean too smoothly in fact. My win rate is 187/196 which is around 96% (all most all of the loses are from endurance fights 1vs6 so they don't really count that much anyway) total up until finishing the game. I completed this game in 11 hours and 105 in game days. however, probably could have done it in less than a 100 (25k in game money). Honestly this game should only take 5 hours at most with the amount of content within it. If you enjoy non-stop grinding at the same tasks like the gym or 1vs6 endurance fights this is a game for you! Otherwise I recommend you avoid it.  All I can say it is a lovely game but the grinding ruins it.I Hope this review helps."
,Recommended,394310,20465971,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[AJSA] skprog,#twitchplayspunchclub    talked to the dev that was a part of the team that made this game.!vin!box!vin!fridge!selldrugs!breakoutofjail10/10 would do it all again
,Not Recommended,394310,20487547,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kook,"Really nice premise and fantastic art and soundtrack. Unfortunately, the whole thing is let down by extremely frustrating, shallow game mechanics and constant cringeworthy pop-culture references. A game like this needs a strong sense of progress and a unique world - despite the amount of options and characters that appear to be on offer early on, you'll quickly become bored and exasperated with this."
,Recommended,394310,20491129,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Shino,Best sim EVER!
76561198014985775,Not Recommended,394310,22293402,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,B8Mania,"It starts out fairly interesting with some nice jokes, but not even an hour or two in, you realize this is just a grinding game. There's no skill, there's no real differences between what moves you use or don't because of the RNG. You spend all your money and time to build up on stats that disappear in bulk. There's no real story. It's lifeless and aggravating."
,Recommended,394310,20460336,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Panfilo,"Tons of funny references, a catchy soundtrack that's bound to get stuck in your brain, and a variety of ways to build up your fighter. You start out trying to avenge your father's death by recovering the Medallion he gave to you and your brother. Along the way you gain allies and rivals as you build yourself up to being a true Contender.Pros: Great 16-bit looking graphics and music. The music was catchy and the fights remind me of an elaborate game of rock-paper-scissors. Managing all the aspects of your career (money, health, stamina, hunger, strength, agility, and stamina) is challenging and you really need to think about what you are going to prioritize. The game has some replay value as you'll probably find your second run through MUCH easier than the first. The game also takes place over several locations, allowing a change of scenery. Looking back after my initial start there are several 'mercy' options available if you get 'stuck'.Cons: The game can be extremely grindy. Each day your stats automatically go down, so you're constantly having to train to keep them up. The only thing that really 'stays' are your skills/perks. Losing fights can be a major setback, requiring long periods of re-training and recovery. Running out of money and being too hungry/tired to work can be a pitfall for some players. These can be circumvented, but it tends to nudge the player toward min-maxing in order to ensure a smooth progression.Overall it is a really fun game, and definitely worth $9.99 . I'm really looking forward to future balancing by the devs, to make a great game fantastic."
76561198079308578,Not Recommended,394310,20463867,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,FTY_Flash,"Too much bugs, can't go foward in the game.Starts good, but gets slower and slower until is impossible to play."
76561198111906021,Not Recommended,394310,20932180,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Corpus111,"Doesn't load properly. Froze on the loading screen from the main menu to the game, and now i've finally got past that bit it fails to load any area after I fight silver it just stays there with my character on the mat or if i change location nothing loads and then sends me back to an empty gym.I have been dying to play this after watching Splatter Cat play it, but I am very disappointed that it isnt working properly."
,Recommended,394310,26403131,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,NASTY CORNDOG,"Cool game but not a fighting game... more of a fighting game time management sim. Lots of movie references(Rocky, Seagal, Ninja Turtles) which adds to the fun factor. Slim OST(4-5 songs in total?) but they stick. Game sometimes feels like a chore because of the stats that are deducted daily. Plus one fighting style is very OP compared to the other two.But still i recommend it."
76561198027986211,Not Recommended,394310,21736925,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Takk0806,Incredibly repetitive.Frustrating.ShallowDon't bother
76561198166726430,Recommended,394310,20673073,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Duck™ csgoroll.com,"DO PEOPLE NOT ♥♥♥♥ING REALIZE THAT THIS GAME IS ABOUT GRINDING UP, BECAUSE HOLY ♥♥♥♥ SO MANY PEOPLE ARE COMPLAINING LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND SO FAR WITH GOING 4 HOURS AND 30 MINS STRAIGHT, WHERE IM GRINDING LIKE A ♥♥♥♥ING LOON, ITS ♥♥♥♥ING FUN. IF YOU LIKE TO HAVE FUN, BUY THE GAME."
,Recommended,394310,21141847,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,DMUA,A challenging management game with a good choice based story
76561198009745978,Not Recommended,394310,20712429,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,CorgiClair,"It is a stat management game, and imo the balance needs to eb adjusted. I was hoping it would be more all the training, etc.., but old school arcade actual control over your ch. during fights."
76561198049266749,Recommended,394310,20467028,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Barry Wall,Fun lil game. lots of numbers to crunch and mechanics to figure out. great time kill tho will grow repetitive long term. at $10 I think its pretty good value.
76561198024553641,Not Recommended,394310,20716128,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,edgar618,good game but it still acts like its being rolled for. sometimes i cant walk to a door cause the character is dancing back and forth. so fustrating. Fix it and ill give it 9 out of 10
,Not Recommended,394310,20656891,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DMZoldar,"It made me laugh a lot at the beginning, with the street fights and unending pop references.Once you move to the mansion the game is so repetitive and become worthless.The game could be better with few improvements, but at this time, I don't want to play it anymore."
76561197989255290,Not Recommended,394310,20653660,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Klaw,"I liked it, but couldn't recommend it.The game has a promising beginning; real story motivation to train, tournaments, objects to buy, fights with thugs / muggers and a world with interesting characters that slowly opens up. Act 1 & 2 generally plays by managing your job and training, however act 3 is where the game falls apart; the story becomes messy, the world shuts down and the grind begins.  The ending is abrupt, somewhat confusing and unsatisfactory.The main feature of training is what discipline one picks; strength, agility or stamina. The system is poorly balanced, with agility being easy mode and the others painful to play. In contrast the fights are pretty good (even so the only input is skill setup between rounds). The best aspect about this game IMO is the atmosphere (aside from the slaughter of pop culture references) which captures that of an amateur fighter in the 80s-90s.This game made me laugh, sad and happy. I liked it, but wouldn't recommend it due to the suspicion that not all planned content was delivered, and that other people may not be as enthusiastic about casual MMA."
76561198045282542,Not Recommended,394310,20655628,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Supreme Allah,This game is quite fun at start but then it becames extremely grindy and loses its appeal.
,Not Recommended,394310,20652813,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,LanceSmites,"Worked 5 shifts, mood was 0 by the time i was done, went to go buy workout equipment, mugged for half my money, work 5 shifts agian, mugged directly outside my workplace by a guy with 5x higher stats than me. ""Fun"""
,Not Recommended,394310,21738325,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,VerteX #CannotAim,Severely unpolished.
76561198049819753,Recommended,394310,20738773,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,bignounours89,Very challenging but very entertaining as well!!
76561197987731785,Recommended,394310,20461788,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,morebeans,"Awesome 13 hours of fun, possible 5 more hours of replay value.  Would I buy added dlc?  YES!!I tried agil build, ended 8-22-10 (easy as pie), stamina 10-10-22 (also easy as pie). The game just doesn't hold your hand and asks you to think a bit.  Ya its grindy at some points, but isnt every game that way?  FPS, grind for guns. MMO grind for gear and stats.  MOBA grind for rank. In the end you are always doing something cookie cutter.I really liked the game.  My first char was a bust.  I think at day 47 I was 1-1-1, saw my flaw; remade new char and fell in love with game."
76561198034628217,Not Recommended,394310,20463500,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Just a Hobo,"I tried to like it , but i ended up ragequiting twice because this is way to grindy for me , some people like having to find out exactly what to do , but i feel like this game is just too random , if you think its your type of game tho you should try it because it most likely is fun to a lot of people"
,Recommended,394310,20478510,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Derbacca,Great game full of some enjoyable references. Takes a bit of strategy to figure out how to plan out your day. But once you get it down the game progresses smoothly
,Recommended,394310,20481339,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Siegfeed,"ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS A GOD DAMN ENDING FIGHTGood game though, enjoyed all of it"
76561198007397969,Not Recommended,394310,20489657,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Josef Koba,"The grind is real.  This game is, at first glance, very cool.  I like the retro feel, and the concept is pretty solid.  However, I have a lot of problems with it.  At the end of every day, you lose a certain amount of points in all of your skills (Strength, Agility, Stamina).  It's a pretty hefty loss, which makes little sense.  I can see there being a loss if you're not training every day, but it should be a little more forgiving.  Just got your strength up to 7 with an hour to spare in the day?  Well, it's back to six now.  Train more...  Oh, and your other stats dropped too.  It makes the game very boring, and I find that I can't explore the other stuff in the game because I'm constantly trying to A.) Train, B.) Work a job so I can eat food to C.) Pay for the gym and train more.  I really do like the idea of the game, but its way too grindy for my tastes.The fights themselves are...interesting.  If you like being utterly dominated by guys with stats far inferior to yours, then you'll have a good time.  I fought a guy with 2/1/2 stats vs my 5/4/5 and he knocked me out in the first round and defeated me in the second.  You'll have a tough time with any fighter whose stats are close to yours, and if they have a stamina score that's at all higher than yours, you can basically forget it.  A fighter with a 2/3/7 will pretty much dominate my 7/4/6.  Granted, maybe I'm early in the game yet and don't have the additional skills all these second rate fighters seem to have (they all have four skills and a perk to my three skills), but it largely seems futile even fighting these guys.  You train and train and train to see your stats inch up almost imperceptibly only to know that the guy you face is likely going to wipe the floor with you despite having inverior statistics.  Your stamina drains way faster than theirs, and once they knock you down, it's a waiting game for them to finish it.  You might have a lot more HP than them, and the fight might start off good for you, but your stamina will soon be in the single digits and you'll be knocked down.  Over and over.  Until your HP advantage is erased and you lose.  Again. I fought some crocadile in the sewer, had him down to 2 HP, then he basically just kept knocking me down, taking me from over 30 to 0 without me having touched him.  Your fighter will miss all the time, wasting precious stamina, while they nibble at you.  One fight saw them throw 8 unanswered punches at me, connecting with each one.  Sure, I swung at them, but missed.  We had the exact same agility, but your hit probability will almost always be lower.I think my fighter has a 50% win rate.  Maybe that's the point of the game, but it's frustrating and detracts from a great concept.All in all, I really enjoy the concept, but unless you like being constantly frustrated and annoyed, I wouldn't recommend it.   Maybe they'll reduce the grind."
76561198144070572,Recommended,394310,20509189,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ace,"Just completed the game don't take my time played as a reference to the lengh of the game my internet died and I had to play a fair bit in offline mode and it didnt count. If you like sim games and fighting games in general this is the game for you, although you do not perform the attacks yourself you manage the fighter so you still control what he will ultimately do. Highly recommend this title and look forward to seeing more games from these guys."
76561198073566856,Recommended,394310,20424049,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mlcava80,well i just got done playing and well i tried going to rons house and it stop in front of his house and i could not move or save game or anything really but the game is good when it works
76561197991412153,Recommended,394310,20440987,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,iHazCode,"Very cool concept. I'm suprised by all the bad reviews. This reminds me of a mash up of earth bound, and a fight club RPG. This is fun, unique but definitely a thinking mans game. If your looking for an action game, look elsewhere."
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,394310,20458686,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,becephalus,"This is close to a good game, and I feel like I got my money's worth, but it is a little plodding and frustrating.  For me the problem is that the decisions are too spaced out by periods of time where the player is doing nothing, and the gameplay is not interesting enough to make it woth it.The most interesting part of the game is configuring your fighter against the oppnenets, and then seeing how that plays out between rounds.  Unfortunately most fights only last a round or two, and you spend the vast majority of time ""training"", or ""working"", or running random ""errands"", none of which are that stimulating.  The emPHAsis is on the wrong SylLABle.There also seem to be balance problems between the various builds which punish bad build decisions pretty harshly with no way to discover ahead of time.  Moreover some paths are just better than others.This game would do better with more emphasis on the fights, and less time spent managing an eat/sleep/work/training schedule, or at least a way to scheudle and automate it.  The whole thing is a little fat and could use a more rouglike approach with a wider variety in opponents and more replayability with a shorter play time.Just my $0.02."
,Recommended,394310,20478765,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Knyteguy,Addicting and fun. I like the homage to old school games and movies.
76561198025110667,Not Recommended,394310,20485130,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Ser Mallycakes,"It's ok for what it is, I guess. I'm just not really charmed by the whole retro craze the way the rest of the world seems to be. It's just a very simple resource management simulator with a fighting as the backdrop. If I'd bought it more cheaply to play on my phone, I might have given it a thumbs up.It's not the most terrible thing ever, lot's of other folk seem to love it. I'm just not taken with it at all."
,Recommended,394310,20523884,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,peppersauce,MUST BUY
,Recommended,394310,22763129,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ｓ Ｈ Ａ Ｑ,I BEAT GAINT LIZARDS FOR BREAKFAST
76561198003922696,Recommended,394310,20436519,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Beans,"Has a lot of good and interesting things. The stat management is pretty solid. What makes me dislike playing this game is the fights themselves are very random and often frustrating. It will be a very close fight that with one or two punches the MC could win, but then for no perceivable reason stands still and gets wailed on, leaving you injured. There is a mechanic where your stat gains slide down daily, so you constantly have to maintain them while maintaining other things such as money and food. It's extremely frustrating to lose to random and aggravating fighting (particularly getting punched in the face while not reacting at all) and then have to spend 5 minutes doing nothing but regaining the position you had before the fight.Game has a lot to offer though, guess I'd recommend it with the caveat that I really wish they'd either make it more clear -why- my dumbass fighter isn't doing a damn thing, or just have him y'know, not stand there like a drooling idiot. maybe it's just one too many punches to the head but it makes me not want to play it when that happens."
76561198275790976,Not Recommended,394310,20454783,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,SnoopDog_.exe,"This game has so much potential.. But just some of the tiny things are dragging this game down, like how things balance out. For instance, I go against people with really energy consuming moves, like RKO's or something like that, and it doesn't matter when I have a basic punch and a dodge because i'm gonna run out of energy first anyways... Also the getting money, sleeping and eating, and working out system doesn't really ""work out"" good either."
,Not Recommended,394310,20469641,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nix,"That's clear how the game cheat to keep the player going back and forth from the gym, how certain stats are much more powerful than others, the grinding it requires it's absolutely tedious and the strategy part it's close to not existant, in fact you are forced to follow a defined path, every time you go out of that ""loop"" the game forces you back by punishing you, the choices you can make are VERY limited, that's not exactly ""managing"" something.Deciding what to do and having to figure out what the game wants with no possible alternatives (or limited to the point where are irrelevant) it's not hard, it's just frustrating.The idea was great, I like the visual style, mechanics are totally broken. Too bad."
76561197965120797,Not Recommended,394310,20469710,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[iTG] Mr Snowman,"Game starts out well. However the pacing completely falls apart in the second half of the game, it is very repetitive and the ending is very unsatisfactory.The music / sound theme is nice but gets extremely repetitive.The graphics are very nice.The game was fun to begin with, but it is way to grindy for way to little pay off.6/10"
,Recommended,394310,20473161,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Frenk4DenkTenk,"been a pizza delivery man, a site worker and a gangster. even punched the ninja turtles in the face. 10/10"
76561197963399408,Recommended,394310,20473542,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,H1dr0g3n0,"To ilustrate how much I liked this game I'm going to start saying that this is the first review I write for a game and I have been on steam for nearly 15 years, but I really feels that this game and the developers deserve my time to write this.I totally recomend the game and I really love it. I've almost spent 50hours playing on the first 3 days since launch.Mechanics are really simple but the grade of self improvement that you can feel is amazing and makes the game very adictive. The mechanics are a good mix between the Sims, for the character stats development and for mainting the resources, wich is basically money, and an RPG game, for skill learning and combat. The combat is on real time, not turn based, but you choose the abilites you want to use before each round and you dont have control over your character during the fight. He just ""randomly"" use the abilities you have choose just before the round. And what seems to be very simple and not at all dynamic, turns out to be a mechanic that will make you stress out (in a good way xD) and be as stiff as a table to see how the round ends.Graphically, of course is simple if you compare with the AAA games going arround.  But it's still very pretty, colourful and it reproduce the stile of late 80s games. I specially remebered Punch Out as I was playing this. Music is not really of my taste but I can apreciate that is faithfull to the style used on 80s games too.I also think it has high replayable value as you have three different branches of skill to choose and (I think that) you can't learn all the skills on a single playthough. Besides the story has different ways, at least two different endings. And there are several events, or quests, that are not mandatory to complete the main questline and therefore you can miss them.In conclusion, is a very good game, really fun and totally worth its prize but is not for everyone. If you mainly play FPS and acction games you will probably find this game slow. If you like strategy, planning and character development you-re probably gonna like this very much.To add something negative about the game It would have been cool if you had the possibility to select a girl as the main character. And I feel that the skill branches are not balanced and agility is waaay OP. Thruth to be told, I have just started a stamina based character but at the moment agility is the way to go.Btw - I'm not english native speaker so excuse my several mistakesI hope someone find this review useful ; )“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”― Clare Boothe Luce"
76561198118087791,Recommended,394310,20474074,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Peagle,"Eat 2 steaks, 1 pizza and workout for 2 days straight...my dream game <3"
,Recommended,394310,20474364,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jourdain,"I'd give this game a 8/10.There's plenty of skills to use, 4 different skill tree's Basic, Turtle, Tiger, Bear. Each one is based around a different stat point. You can unlock every skill in all 4 Tree's if you want, it's not required to beat the game but it's an option for completionists.You honestly start out without a clue on what you are doing and you learn as you go just like the Main character.Some of the enemies are OP, however nobody is unbeatable.There's a nice variety of side-quests and fights to do such as fighting Pizza Loving Crocodiles/Aligators that live in a sewer.HOWEVER I do have to mention that there is SOME luck-based elements in this game. You will feel like a god and then RNGesus will step in and your next opponent will drop a Sick combo on you and destroy you making you smash your keyboard and punch a hole in your wall out of anger.This is a fairly fun game, and will provide atleast 6+ hours of enjoyment.At the moment there really isn't any replay value unless you want to try to beat the game using a different skill set or to beat your old record, maybe for acheivments.I highly reccomend buying this game as it's probably the funnest thing I've played in the last 30 days."
76561197984854716,Recommended,394310,20479184,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,thebeasle,"Great little game. Gameplay can get repetitive like others have said, but it's addicting. I just downloaded on my work computer and it includes steam cloud saves. That puts it over the top and made me leave a positive review. Well done devs."
76561198083108849,Recommended,394310,20485658,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Forsaken,Sick game with really cool soundtracks. If you like oldschool fighting games/movies you should try.
,Recommended,394310,20486951,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,firatercis,"What a wonderful game, and story it is! What wonderful graphics with pixel art! Best rpg game of the year I played"
76561197977154371,Recommended,394310,20496804,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cruddi,"I've read alot of reviews saying this isn't fun... this is the best £6 I've spent if you've ever played a tycoon game, sims game and RPGs you'll be fine because it's all about management.There is a tight learning curve and there are a few things the game doesn't tell you, but it's up to you to work it out do you do this part first? Do you put in alot of time at once or do you space it out over a few ""days"" inbetween doing your training? Do you skip training and fighting for a few days to earn some cash to spen on gym equipment and food? As each day passes you loose attributes so doing a little training each day to ""stay in shape"" is recommended.Dispite only using mouse you are engaged from start to finish because you are constantly thinking what to do next, I've even found my self planning what to do next time I play it.Try it, it's not for everyone but for £6 is it really that big a deal?"
76561198099265214,Recommended,394310,20526852,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,NixClovers,"Many people said it is a grindy and it is kind of grindy.However, it is grindy at the beginning for money and mid-late for stats.If you want a easy game, play agi build.Str for a bit harder and stamina for difficult.This game is fun to play and killing time.pros:- old style pixel game- the art is good- auto combat- need to plan on using skills- easy to play(you don't need to smash your keyboard)- relaxing (sort of)cons:- a bit grindy(for me is ok)- auto combat(yeah some people don't like)- not much character- if you miss some side missions, you may need to restart- music is a bit boringIf you can't accept grindy even it is not much, don't buy it."
76561198027014067,Not Recommended,394310,21086046,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dark Hunter,I regret paying $11 for this game.  10 hrs of my 11 hr playtime is just a huge point and click grindfest.  Ending was bad and ended quickly.
,Not Recommended,394310,21730730,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cereal,"I really tried to like this game. I really did. But the flaws just stick out like a sore thumb.In punch club, you play as a son to a dad who was shot killed by an unknown, he tells you to do better than what he did. So now you have to take on fighting, and find out who killed your father. The story is decent and he does drive you to find out just what happened.The game starts off a little easy, as any game that doesn't require your input. You unlock new places while looking after yourself, working to earn money, eating, sleeping, keeping yourself happy. All while trying to get stronger/quicker/tougher to make sure that the next fights that you do are in your favour.However, when you do play this, your stat decrease is way too quick, I understand that you can get upgrades so they don't drop below a certain number. But, each upgrade makes the next one more expensive. And it's way too difficult and unfair to make sure that you can buy food to keep yourself nourished. Otherwise, your f'ed. And I know you can get a couple of meals from the guy in the hoodie. But after a while, he refuses. And there is actually a point where you have technically lost. If you can't feed yourself, your doomed. And you have to start the game all over again.Overall, a poorly made game, can be improved if stat decrease is lowered, I would not recommend this game."
,Recommended,394310,20531669,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rebel Scum,"So this game is pretty simple, you grind your characters stats and take care of your character to take on better fighters who have different moves and abillities. To be straight forward this game is 10% fighting, 20% eating and sleeping then 70% training. I personally love it I was looking for something to kill time and if thats what you need or like this is for you. The game has a story, be that not one that really matters but the world is interesting from its retro style and pop culture references such as Alien, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and fighting movies of course like Rocky and Fight Club. So moral of all this is if you like the Management RPG type or just grinding RPG in general I think you will enjoy this game, and if you arnt and can still pick this up cheep I would recommend it."
76561198036094580,Not Recommended,394310,20931752,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,18Incog20,"Do you like grinding? Do you like grinding so much that you wish they'd take everything out of a game and just have you grind for stats? Would you spend ten dollars for that? If you answered yes, get this game right now. Don't delay. You can sit at your computer and grind away all day! Don't wait - act now!"
,Not Recommended,394310,20475439,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Duckhunt Doge,"As a review/recommendation I would say to wait on this game. I am not saying it is a bad game. If you like the grind, this is the game for you.That being said, having it be difficult to the point of frustration at the beginning is annoying but then as you use the AGI build (cause it's the only one that works at the momnet) the game gets stupid easy till the very end. Once you get to a certain point (watch out for bears!) you can just spend hours it seems going in a grind circle getting your stats up. Sure it makes the game easier but it's boring as all heck.Eventually it just comes down to, do you have a AGI build with Dodge/Counterattack? Good. Spam your AGI training and just make sure your in window'd mode so you can back and forth between your browser and the game.I did enjoy the retro look just WAY to grindy for me. Beat it, glad I played it but wouldn't recommend it till some of the other skill trees get worked out."
,Recommended,394310,20528220,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,snut,"it’s a fun little game with a lot of different movie references that will make you chuckle, the variety of different builds can be pretty overwhelming but the in-game guide on the best way to build the character is extremely helpful. Not too shabby for the price tag considering the re-play value."
,Recommended,394310,20737439,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Csbears,"** This game gets incredibly grindy towards the last half of the game and kind of loses the management sim aspect of the first half, so dont buy if you dont want to grind out numbers**If i hadnt already fell in love with the over the top ridiculously 80's feel (In the options you can make the game have retro pixelated graphics for the real 80's arcade vibe) along with all of the little refrences to good movies, comics, TV shows and games i would have an entirely different opinion on how good or bad this game is.  The first half of the game is where it really shines as a management sim / rpg / glorified rock'em sock'em robots spectator sport.  Unfortunately the last half of the game loses its perspective and just turns into watching numbers go up and down until you get the ones you need to beat the other guys higher numbers taking all of the skill out of it.  If the Devs would lower the amount of points you lose per day and make the game less grindy it would double the fun factor but they wouldnt want people to finish their game in like 2 or 3 hours so they'll never do that.I will note though that the game is a lesson that to become physically fit and stay in shape you constantly need to train in different areas and make sure not to get complacent just grinding out the same thing.  If you ever go to a gym you'll hear they have things like ""Arm day"" or ""Leg day"" you alternate just enough to build on the muscles a day or so prior. If you abscent mindedly look around waiting while your guy trains he will start gaining less and less from doing that activity and use more food/energy doing it. What you need to do is cycle through the whole gym doing a little bit of each to keep the gains high and burning through food and energy low.  This may confuse some people that play the game thinking that its just showing you how much time you have left on that workout, but the developer has confirmed that you are in fact LOSING a percentage of each gained bubble.I didnt expect this game to subtlety try and teach you how to work out effectively. I also didnt expect how damn difficult it is to buy and keep food in the fridge when your also trying to stay the most physically fit for your upcoming fights. You also may have to swap out your abilities mid fight because while your stamina is high the other guy may be doing way waaaay more damage and dumping all your defensive ♥♥♥♥ in order to push for the win is the best course of action,  Each skill tree has something that counteracts the other two so making sure your not taking block when the guy your going up against has something that goes through 40% of your blocked damage. Taking the time between rounds to switch out these things and seeing what works will net you a solid victory and not get your ♥♥♥ whooped.This game says to me that to stay still or to put your nose to the grinder is the worst thing to do so to avoid that you need to step back, assess your options, try to keep an open mind and dont get tunnel vision....like a real fighter. A true fighter is not a mindless emotionless thug but a well oiled machine that is more a lifestyle and less a interest or hobby you watch on UFC because everyones on the bandwagon.Overall its a fun game for $10 but if you are the type of person who was looking for a deep game that needs constant attention being a fighters coach you would be barking up the wrong tree.  Its more of a Ipad type game that you'd play on the toilet.  As i said at the start if spending days and days grinding out numbers would bore you to tears id steer clear of this game too.  Its a charming casual rock'em sock'em robots game that just needs a hip 80's kid with spikey hair to play it in a commercial.Can you maintain a life, make a epic montage about being an underdog athlete, and still find the time of day to romance Adrian to become the hero this city needs? thats up to you my friends"
,Not Recommended,394310,20548864,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Motzerella,"Interesting idea, horrible execution.The first hour of the game looked alright but afterwards it spiraled into an abyss of unbalanced grinding only to emerge from it, even more boring than before.Pick it up when it's 50 cents just to laugh at how bad it is."
76561198198751846,Recommended,394310,20573054,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Maikazu,YOU HAVE TO MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE!!!!!!!!!...........SO JUST BUY IT!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,394310,20537338,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Serthy,"So i bought this game cause it actually looked fun.Well let me tell you it was one of the best games i have played in such a long time.The balancing of how your character develops, and the different strategies you can explore are mind numbing.I finally found a perfect balance, and i beat the game.  It took me 3 restarts and tons of frustration but i finally did it.Time management if key.All in all this game took me back to when games were actually fun to play, I will be following this team closely to see if there are new games they will be developing in the future.  +1 to the Devs, +1 for bringing back all my favorite 1980's action/cartoons to life again.You guys are amazing."
,Not Recommended,394310,20552233,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Emily from Korea,It's like rock paper scissors except agility always wins.
,Recommended,394310,20596004,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sir Tama,"Its a good game. Play it, seriously."
,Recommended,394310,20695924,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Rocky Gardens,i think it's fun to play. But i would like to see a muiltiplayer fight club were you to fight other peoplebut other then that it's a good game
,Recommended,394310,20463422,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,chop top,Really cool game. Totally worth the price.
,Not Recommended,394310,21719303,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BlackClaude,One of the most overated games I've played on steam so far. The combat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You can have better strength and stamina but because your opponent has better agility they win. Also you lose alot of your stats everyday and this turns the game into a never ending grind where you'll question when does the game become fun. Save your money go buy a better indie game like hotline miami.
,Not Recommended,394310,21737280,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,00,"There isn't really any substance to this game. Click once on fight button. Sit and watch fight (no speed up button)--and that's the entire game: click the mouse sometimes, watch an animation. The ""game"" is supposed to be managing of time/money/stats etc, but it's not that difficult. Pretty boring."
,Recommended,394310,33949450,Posted: 1 August,all,ISUCKBIGTIME,good idk
76561198083630450,Recommended,394310,20718298,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mr. Butts,This is the result of a love baby of a Rocky movie and Game Dev Tycoon
76561198072537994,Recommended,394310,26406332,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Рыцарь Рыцарей,"You don't get a break in the beginning, no resting, 100%, 24/7 GRIND.It's about that GRINNNNDDDD!"
76561197980372335,Recommended,394310,20435678,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Francis,"I didn't want to pay for the bus and got mugged walking to work, I took the bus for a wile after that. Trained hard and now I am safe to walk the streets again searching for vengance against all crime such as the man who killed my father.Also I am not batman."
,Recommended,394310,20440660,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,McTwisticle,
76561198157531308,Recommended,394310,20460327,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,EmersonViveiro,pretty fun game but please DEVS PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE REDUCE HOW MUCH YOUR STATS GET REDUCED AFTER EACH DAY!!! IT MAKES THE GAME FEEL LIKE I AM GETTING NO WHERE!!!
,Recommended,394310,20512062,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[SUN]mamaass,Worth every penny imo!
76561197980739701,Not Recommended,394310,26432236,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Smakkz,"Personally, I had fun for 10 hours before I hit the grindwall. All I did was going back and forth from the gym to level my stats to lose it to the decay. Once your skills have hit a certain number, you will need to grind grind and grind again which messes up progression. The last two hours of my gameplay, I spent it in the gym to get my stats up and felt like it was a 9 to 5 job.The game is fun to a point, then you hit a brick wall in terms of levelling your stats to actually advance the story. The only way is to smash your head against it in the vain hope that the wall breaks before your head... For me, it's meh. It's not a bad game, it's just bad game design to have a mechanic that takes you 3 steps forward and 2 steps back EVERYDAY, to me that feel the game is strecthed out artificially to make it ""long"" enough to enjoy.The developer made an ""easy"" difficulty with no stat decay. But achievements are disabled, so if you're after the achievements you still need to board the Grind Train. Imho, stat decay should be reduced/reworked rather than removed.Tl;dr: Punch club is an endurance test for your stubborness/patience. Not recommended unless you like grinding."
,Not Recommended,394310,20514366,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,puzzl,"This game seemed fun on the surface, but ultimately it is a glorified cell phone game with little depth, painfully repetitive gameplay, and an unforgiveably bad UI. It has that addicting quality of always seeing your numbers going up and ""just one more fight!"", but after 100 rounds of eat, lift, fight, sleep, you'll start seeing right through it.I'd also like to call out the UI in this game, because not many people are mentioning it. The game seems to almost actively strive to make simple tasks as annoying as possible to complete. I can't click outside a box or press escape to dismiss a dialog. I can't switch over between activities at a comfortable pace. I can't automatically resume an activity after another intrusive dialog pops up. I can't throw out an item from my fridge. I can't see the growth stats on equipment after I've bought it, or the stats of *any* of the gym equipment. I can't get a breakdown of my hit probabilities after agility and dodging is factored in. I can't see my total stat values despite it telling me how much I've gained and lost each day.If this game was on my phone, I'd probably still punch away at it from time to time because it's a decent enough distraction. As a PC game, it's ultimately a half-hearted and dull experience."
76561198194453899,Recommended,394310,20523655,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,surbaugh74,pretty fun game well worth the price :)
76561198003058832,Recommended,394310,20524137,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"This game is really fun and amazing. At first when I saw it I was skeptical but after about 2 hours straight of playing I have never been more satisfied with a purchase of this sort in a while. This game is just full of fun grinding and interactions and is 100% worth the price tag.TL;DR: Buy this game, play this game, LOVE THIS GAME."
76561198035651413,Recommended,394310,20434239,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BadguyEX,"I was going in expecting River City Ransom or Double Dragon, but it turns out this is actually a more than decent RPG. Like the Sims and the SNES game Super Kick Boxer, you actually sit back and hope all your hard work paid off. The game has a lot of welcome nods and fun easter eggs. A pretty good grab, over all."
76561198016334843,Recommended,394310,20435243,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kuz,"Edit:I realized that I made a mistake. I choose the strong legs perk at the beginning and I am using only leg-based attacks, but the game is called 'Punch' club. I think this is why I am progressing this slow, because I am playing 'Kick Club'-mode...Altough I have played only some hours so far, I can say that this game is very good! In a nutshell:Pros:- Enough details in story: official fights, underground fights, random street fights (e.g. when you are attacked), each with different rewards and dangers.- Love and other bonuses and penalties from different events.- Funny enough, and does not try to be ""too funny"".- Good training methods.- Upgradable character and training room.- Interesting and varying NPCs.- Just enough stats to take care of (e.g. Energy, Health, ...).Cons:- The character looses too many stat points after a day. It is increased by the level of your skill, so my lvl 7 agility looses around 60 points after a day, that is too much. It is like making 3 steps forward and 2 backward. Even tough you may feel that after a full day of training you made significant improvements, you will loose a lot of stat points sooner or later because you either have to do non-training things (e.g. working, that gives you very low amount of stat points) or you have to spend time healing, resting, ""finding love"", etc.- There are minor glitches, that should be fixed, but this is not a big issue.- There should be more songs as listening to the one or two again and again is a bit frustrating. :)I would reduce the points generated by training at least by 30-40%, but also, I would set a constant value of how much of each stats are decreased after each day. So the players will not feel that they loose too much after each day, but the rate of improving the character will also be a bit more realistic. I think...! :)Currently I would rate this game 75 / 100, but after the above things are fixed this game will easily be a 90+. ;)"
,Recommended,394310,20436011,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Toaster K70,Lets get this straight if you like micro managing and tidous work you will love this.
,Recommended,394310,20436701,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,leeo,"Great game. Very hard in the beggining, but worth"
76561197966579259,Not Recommended,394310,20476777,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Warstratigier,Might love it if you prefer groin kicking route.........not so much if not choosing groin kicking route.I shudder to think how many people like that one utterly biased route.
,Recommended,394310,20478203,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,purewater100%,beware the ending it might ♥♥♥♥ing eat your soul from the inside out after you realize how much time you just WASTED--revision after developers fixed fame near the end: would recommend--
,Recommended,394310,20479875,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Snoopdogma,"2016 UPDATETo everybody who was complaining about the decay stat . . ......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561197986819094,Not Recommended,394310,20489710,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,the_bryce_is_right,"It's infuriating that you come to a point in the game that you cannot progress past and the only mechanic is to slowly, incredibly slowly, grind up skills, money and traits until you can pass the fight that you've failed 6 times.As far as I'm concerned you can't get past your playoff series as a strength-built character."
,Recommended,394310,20496584,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,omaha shin darude,"Punch Club is a boxing sim in which you control a character that had his father murdered in front of him. What the trailer doesn't tell you is that in order to become the best mean machine, you must chug energy drinks and destroy the ♥♥♥♥ out of some frozen pizzas. You gotta EARN that energy and hit the gym to become a big big man so you can take down your opponents. Just don't run out of cash because after a while Mick will stop feeding you and you're completely screwed. I would know from experience... I think this is the point where you lose the game cause I had to restart.All in all the game is a mixture of: The Sims, Any simulation game ever, and your retro arcade box games. It's worth the buy."
76561198179207445,Not Recommended,394310,20500597,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Haven,The game is not worth the money and should be a flash game not a 10$ steam game also the fighting is less engaging than watching a rock
,Not Recommended,394310,20501866,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,HBN,"So I started off really loving this game, I went with a Strength based build but as the game went on, it became increasingly clear that the game is so poorly balanced that if you choose any build besides Agility, you might as well ♥♥♥♥ing kill yourself.  The game WAS a lot of fun but as I neared the game it became increasingly frustrating that I couldn't play and win the way I wanted to and in a way that was clearly intended for players.  Overall, the game had a lot of cute pop culture references but at the end of the day it's a grindy ♥♥♥♥ing mess that I am walking away from."
,Recommended,394310,20509181,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,KONKON,10/10
76561198018681142,Recommended,394310,20512031,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mgm,Punch club>Runescape. I rate 8 marbles on the floor out of 10 marbles in a sofa.
76561197971429897,Not Recommended,394310,20513127,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Coldfang,"This game will dissappoint you, while it has many good qualities, some that even shine (Humor, References, fun animations, and a decent story) The grind will drive you crazy. Seriously, you will spend 2-3 hours in the game and get nothing accomplished. You'll waste away 5 hours, and still get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, even if your stats are better or similar to your enemy.The grind starts off easy, then turns to hell real quick, especially late game. You'll buy this game, fall in love with it, then everything will come crashing down mid-late game. You'll become frustrated."
,Not Recommended,394310,20514387,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Matt,"Punch Club could've been a great game unfortunately the game is way too hard, frustrating and repetitive."
76561198018253825,Recommended,394310,20515730,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,claymore johnson,too many cameos
76561198075037658,Recommended,394310,20520135,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,burdock,"Management game, looks slick with an attempt at a story. Game dev tycoon except with fighting"
,Recommended,394310,20434664,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,swagged by mom,"its... interesting, i guess. a sim game that follows a fighter who must compete in many fights to reach the top and solve the mysteries of his father.Pros:+fights are satisfyingthe way the fighting system works is basically an rng cage match where you select certain moves to give to your character each round. in the fight, each move is selected at random, and there are also passive benefits you can use in battle. after every fight, you get a certain amount of 'skill points' which can be used to select certain benefits to help you in battle. more on those later.+effective stat systemin order to effectively win fights, you have to train up in three different stats: endurange, agility, and strength. you can do pushups in your garage to train all three at one, go to the gym and train with different methods, or go to your job and make money (as well as a small amount of stats). each stat has a skill tree you can spend your skill points on to level up specific aspects of your most dominant stat. for example, levelling up the agility tree gives you access to new and better dodges, counterattacks, kicks, and a 'copycat' move that mimics the actions of your enemies. this system creates the different ""builds"" that you can follow, and it incentivizes specializing in one skill. i like this a lot.+branching story & different endingsthere are multiple alignments you can follow in the game, but obviously i can't go very in-depth on them. it's pretty subtle and you have to actively follow the story and stay pretty engaged to get the ending you want. it adds a level of replayability to the game alonside the different skill builds. it's nothing as deep as undertale, but its pretty cool nonetheless.Cons:-grindy as all hellif you don't like grinding and watching a number increase slowly, then this game is not for you. the only way to increase stats legitimately is to watch your character do pull-ups and hit a tire with a hammer for a long time. it's pretty similar to runescape in the sense that you can feel the difference when your stats are higher, but the process of getting there is boring as ♥♥♥♥.-lackluster story, and lots of spelling errorsthe story isn't really that great either. next to none of the characters are even remotely memorable, and due to the pacing of the game, you can go entire in-game weeks without advancing anything forward, so it feels like you can't get any further. another thing to mention is the large amount of spelling errors in the dialogue and the names of the enemies. it just feels like the game was pushed out a week early and many minor mistakes weren't fixed. it's far from a dealbreaker for me personally, but it's an issue that should be fixed.overall, i like the game, even if it's a little unpolished. at it's core, its an rpg that satisfies a need to grind. the combat is exciting and interesting, the skill system is pretty deep, and those who can look past the story will find a 10$ gem to burn some time on."
,Recommended,394310,20435291,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Chose,"I'm willing to cautiously recommend this game, because I'm the kind of guy who likes watching meters go up slowly and enjoy the tons of references everywhere to movies like Bloodsport.My only word of caution is towards the end it seems to be easy to get stuck in a rut and you progress slower and slower until it feels like an almost literal grind of stat points for nearly hours just so you can hover at a slightly higher plateau before each fight.That being said 8/10 play it all the time while watching streams and all that♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,394310,20479699,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Daggere,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. The idea of a management sim based around boxing/fighting was interesting, but I feel the execution was done very poorly. The three main stats (Strength, Agility, Stamina) leave a lot to be desired. This is especially true because the game tells you to specialise in one of the stats instead of attempting to balance out all three.I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, if you specialise in Strength, your attacks use up so much energy you're worn out halfway through the fight. Specialising in Agility lets you dodge attacks, but you don't really deal much damage before getting worn out. If you do decide to specialise in Stamina, have fun dragging the fight out because it feels like you're throwing ping pong balls at a tank.The other thing about this game is that it forces you to grind a lot. Way too much for a ""management sim"". If you decide to train, you won't have any cash to spend on food. If you decide to work, you'll lose stats every day because you didn't train. This goes on and on until you're driven to an edge.tl;dr : not a bad game, but really not a good one."
,Recommended,394310,20496528,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Spicer Is Unbreakable,"Very fun, but this is a cautious reccomendation as it does get very grindy due to the way the mechanics are set up. If it weren't so grindy and mind-numbing, it would be a solid reccomendation."
,Not Recommended,394310,20512075,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Viper Romani,"At this time i would say i would not recommend this game to anyone i know.The game play is decentbut lacks content to keep anyone interested due too the short game playGraphics are good.The learning curve is some what steep due to the player having figure out stat pointsand move set combos. (Stats seem too be pretty unbalanced or and broken)You have only three choices of fighting stancesThe way of the bear (Mainly str build requires players to understand what moves to choose from either high damage and high energy drain one of the hard builds too use *Its as if you are setting the game difficultly level*)The way of the tiger ""Agility Build"" Its all about dodging attacks and countering one of the most OP builds but was supposedly nerfed in current update* It was said too be the most easy way of going through the game and some are still saying it is.The way of the turtle  ""Stamina build"" This one has been on the complaint list of players supposedly it is the hardest build on the game drains energy way to fast sure it does.. like way of the bear doesn't?again these builds you just need too figure out what moves to use.Other than all that...I have found this game to be the most buggy and glitchy and annoying game on my list due too the npcs you go against having over powering traits and skill sets.Dodge,block,countering seems like their moves execute 90 -100% of the time and you struggle through thingssure a challenge is great but this game.... it is just... not thereThe price tag is about 10usd if you ask me thats a bit muchfor a game that does not have much usually to be expected.. but if you've played this game you'll know what kind of headaches you can run into.The side quest presents more of a challenge than the main story line does....Graphics 3/5Content 1/5Main story line content 1/5 (Side quest rating as well)Over all game play and rating  i give it a 2 out of 5"
76561198056835285,Not Recommended,394310,20514070,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Garam Orange,Grind Simulator 2016*
,Not Recommended,394310,20514826,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Solo Joke,"I will would love to be able to give a positive review, however there are some very serious balancing issues that the developers seem to be ignoring.The acutal game itself is a very interesting boxing manager type game. You decide when your character works, tains, sleeps eats, fights and so on. Trying to balance when to work for food and training to avoid stat decay while fighting in fighting tournaments. Its very interesting with a lovely art style and intriguing story.There is but one problem. The game includes 3 main stats which are linked to 3 fighting styles. Strength to Bear, Agility to Tiger and Stamina to Turtle. These stats and styles are heavily unbalanced. Agility is easily the strongest. The stat affect your chance to hit and dodge as well as having many skills that reduce damage, making your dodge rely more on agility which seems to be an unintended buff while also lowering the stamina cost. As well as having attacks that cost very little stamina and that rely less on strength to do damage.Bear and strength are the middle tier. Increasing Strength ups your damage while also increasing the stamina cost for all your attacks and indirectly lower your chance to hit. The style does a lot of damage but without putting lots of points into agility you have zero chance to win fights against agility opponents due to a very low hit chance.Turtle and stamina is the bottom of the barrel. Turtle style is a stye meant to be based around, you guessed it stamina and toughness. It increases your health and I believe damage resistance. However in a stamina build you will frequently run out of... stamina. Its attacks have the highest stamina cost and porbably the worst damage. Agility opponents also have many, many skills that take apart stamina builds. Skills that lower opponents chance to dodge or making blocked attacks do more damage or lowering block chances.As it is now simply putting all your points into agility and none into strength and some into stamina will allow you to breeze through the game while the other styles requires a much greater struggle. This would be fine if the developers saw it as a problem which they seem not too. Instead they see it as an invisible difficulty option. This is a horrible way to avoid responsibility for making an unbalanced game and makes me think they are unlikely to change anything. Great concept, well executed, horribly balanced."
,Recommended,394310,22606122,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,cough sneeze,1. Open The Game2. Create Character3. Get In A Fight4. Rapidly Press LeftMouseButton As If It Would Make Me PunchTurns Out You Just Sit Back And Chill While Your Character Does The Work!10/10 Would Get Into Another Fight
76561198079919428,Recommended,394310,20505229,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Wallace,"I just beaten the game, it took 202 days (ingame).FEALT AWSOME!!!3 min. before the end....My bro came, (after rage quiting) and shot me dead with the ending plot twist.5/2Would beat the game agin to shot him together with Youtube"
76561198010295227,Recommended,394310,20434672,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,arthureloi,"Excellent MMA simulator sporting pixel graphics, story driven gameplay (but at your own pace), fantastic music, pop culture references and great progression feel overall.Recommended."
,Recommended,394310,20599898,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,01234Universe,"I love this game already!!! I don't know if I've been playing it for one, two, or even three hours; point is, I got lost in the game. I love all the Bloodsport and Rocky references in it but especially hate how addicting it is. ***** stars. 10/10 would box again."
76561198092477761,Not Recommended,394310,20636538,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,YUIPO,"my first steam refund.  Let's just say it was a little disappointing- almost like a Flash RPG (Critter Forge is a better game).  Retro look and feel is great, the gameplay is the problem.  It is totally not engaging.  A click and point grind.  If I took Super Punch Out and filtered it through Nobonaga's Ambition it would stil be more fun than this."
,Recommended,394310,23774582,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jojo,"Don't be like me. Actually read the store page instead of assuming this is a modern Double Dragon/Beat Em Up.Still, pretty nice game despite me not really being into the whole strategy/management game genre."
,Recommended,394310,25169536,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,James Norman,Love this game but ♥♥♥♥ does it get hard.
,Recommended,394310,31217266,Posted: 18 April,all,Daxren,"I wasn't sure what to expect when picking this up, just a silly little fight management game to dip in to. However this game quickly became one of my favourites, it has a cliche story but in the best of ways, everything in this game is a cliche. From ninja crocodiles to Ivangief ( A mixture of Ivan Drago and Zangief) I smiled often during this game, combat can be frustrating and there are elements of RNG but with enough training I smashed through them. People crying about stat decay at the end of each day just need to get better at gaming really, if you don't want to grind or work in your games, this one might not be for you but I personally love it!Overall:  [7/10]  Very fun, addictive, lots and lots of fighting references from movies to games, get ready to grind!"
76561197968625140,Not Recommended,394310,20950096,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,rama,"I do not like this game, and cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,394310,20847709,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mr. Game & Scotch,"First: I don't want to you to not buy this game, just inform you what you're getting into.The game seems fun and it definitely is, but not for long. The early- to mid-game is full of different opportunities, which are fun to do, and the character progression is very cool.But when you reach late-game, it becomes very stale, repetitive and tedious. You spend 0,5-2hrs doing the same stuff over and over, to prepare for the fights.And even if you are prepared well, you have to fight the RNG, too.Especially the late-game-chore and RNG is something, that works against the replayability and made me stop going for all achievements.The playtime of a blind playthrough is between 6-8hrs, so pick it up if you find the price reasonable for a single playthrough of that length, because you may not get more out of it."
76561198117697089,Not Recommended,394310,20662561,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,robthenorm,hi all.my reviewpros:its a fun game and i love the retro gaming lookthe details are good and the game is fun.cons:i have to exit the game and reload when the basic path finding program goes up the wall and im walking forward then backwards moving on the spoti feel the programing balance is set incorrectlyverdictno i cant recomend this title but should you buy this game it will be fun but will leave you frustrated and reloading to workout the bugssometimes you cant stop a certain act which is also another bug. on occasion you will see prgraming script when on a job for money and run out of stamina.im gutted really as i gave this a good chance
76561198043434119,Not Recommended,394310,30616351,Posted: 19 March,all,RockerRollerOutOfController,I liked the game better without the expansion.When the cat didn't die.
76561198144469600,Not Recommended,394310,24094231,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BabyHandsHound,trash
76561198058301795,Recommended,394310,20660730,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ikobal,"Great game! It really makes you feel like you were in a 80's movie. It can be a little repetitive, but you actually have many ways to play. Three are the main fighting paths: Strenght, Stamina and Agility. You can even permutate betwin them to fight through the game. I loved the nostalgia from the 80's it gives me. 9/10"
76561198035005114,Not Recommended,394310,21350834,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,josh.g500,"I'm a huge simulation game fan, but that being said, don't buy.  Game balance is completly off, and judging by the updates that doesn't seem to be a concern of the developer.  you will spend about 6 seconds fighting and about 3000 years trying to get enough money to eat.  Your food meter goes down way too fast and its impossible to actually train your fighter. the actual fights are pretty unfair as well.  There seems to be no determining factor as to who gets to punch next, even with a full stamina bar and my opponents almost empty, they just keep getting to hit you over and over.   it's worse than a coin flip. not fun at all, do not purchase game. Try Game Dev Tycoon to see how the game should have been made."
76561198241754270,Not Recommended,394310,21379068,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Chara (TeamHoovy),"Fun but EXTREMELY GRINDY I would reccomend it but the difficulty curve is insane, and way too drastic going straight from 7,5,8 straight to 13,18,13 is stupid."
76561197972536921,Recommended,394310,20557081,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tiboom,I punched a few people.
,Not Recommended,394310,21240550,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Honest Abe,"Boring clicker game playNo story to speak ofPunishes you for playing by lowering stats at the end of every day to pad game lengthDo not play, safe your money"
,Recommended,394310,20591160,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,iNol iGunggung,The closest we have to an MMA simulator. 10/10
,Recommended,394310,20822283,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TrevimusPrime,"If you can get past losing some of your hard earned stats everyday, Punch Club is an addictive and infuriating game."
76561197996328792,Recommended,394310,21057465,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Chris,I was able to eat food from the garbage 10/10
76561197970686639,Not Recommended,394310,21254936,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,parad0x,"not the worst game but gets pretty dull pretty quick. oh, and those muggings >.<"
,Recommended,394310,21212879,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,EnVyUs ScreaM QLF,"Immersive storyline.You control the career of an amateur boxer, trying to find the killer of his father.As you get deeper into the story, the choices you make shape the outcome of the story; there are multiple paths you can take to receive multiple endings.9/10, the stat loss at the end of each day is a little unbearable late-game as you find out, but the storyline more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,394310,20585392,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Anwest,"This is an addictive and small management game. Maybe a little too much grinding for my taste, but the gameplay is fun and the graphics are nice."
76561198025625270,Recommended,394310,20581093,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,xterminal86,"Eat - Train - Fight.We have football manager games - this game is something like ""fighter manager lite"".Very addictive gameplay and a lot of in-game jokes with references to the real world will not make you bored.Definitely try this game.Oh, and special praise goes to the artwork - it's just marvelous. I can only imagine how much work has been spent on that."
76561198067358625,Not Recommended,394310,21255281,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Mr.Grim83,A time management game.... That really is all that this is.
76561198200593770,Not Recommended,394310,25369143,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nolymari,It's just not fun
,Recommended,394310,20414554,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,born casual,"Cool, wish there was more to do"
76561198212386845,Recommended,394310,20421751,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,zero,this game brings back memories of amiga days so if you had a amiga i highly reccend this game
76561198077270844,Recommended,394310,20476548,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Clutch,Fun
,Not Recommended,394310,20840835,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Brandhund,"I bought this game due to the great looking sprites and retro styling, along with a fair bit of humor from what I saw before it was released. I haven't put much time into it yet because like many others, I found this game to be more mobile 'game' than game. You train, you lose stats, you retrain over and over. The game isn't really such a thing, unless you just want to play excel sheet trainer. You never actually do anything to affect the outcomes of fights other than slotting abilities and watching your fighter stand in a ring.In all honesty, this feels like a mobile game meant for microstransactions to buy things to keep your stats from falling, except even those games have spots where you can tap around on the screen to do literally anything besides travel from spot to spot.I really do want to like this game. Good sprites, good asthetic, and a good name. The reality though? There's no game to this thing. It's just a RNG machine that you pull the crank on every now and then."
,Recommended,394310,20414520,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Brez -F1AK-,Talks to girl.Falls in love.Trains 4 days straight without food.Loses fight.Is broke.Mike won't give it up cause you played him.10/10 would chill with Roy for some food again.
76561197993652861,Recommended,394310,20414540,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Gundam,Not bad but a bit grindy
,Recommended,394310,20472072,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Pitagora,"What can I say?- successful retro graphics : yes- addictive gameplay : yes- even randomized events : yesThis game has it all. It's made by a great developer which i would love talking to. This game already stole 5 hours out of my life (of course, not all the hours at the same time). The only thing i don't like it's that after a while it gets repetitive, even though the story has some drama. I would LOVE seeing an update for this game, consistent enough to continue the story.HUGE RECOMANDATION FROM ME"
76561197971204674,Recommended,394310,20476109,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,StarMan,"Beware, this game hooks you, hard! 10/10"
76561198143800960,Recommended,394310,20476822,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,tipon-,"All the negatives reviews are pretty much the same: Grind, grind, grind, grind, win, grind grind. I personaly enjoy to grind hard to get strong, it reminds me of old MMO's such as Ragnarok (no quests, pure grinding). So for me at least the game system is good, Looking at the story, i think it's very rich and full of twists. The game it self looks like a movie."
76561198047510746,Recommended,394310,20523676,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,John Doe,"Very good game for pixel lovers, without bugs."
,Recommended,394310,20523826,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,zipbox,"This game is kinda like parody of martial arts movies eventhough this game it great and worth everybit of my money.The one thing though puching enemies don't work at all, I've to use kick to make a damage. =  _  = )btw Ending is awesome.(maybe ;D)"
,Not Recommended,394310,21738465,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,2flow,"The writing is just a bunch of pop culture references. Not funny ones. More like the game is begging you to think it's cool. And it's not. It's boring. Your stats drain at an insane pace, in this world the minute you stop working out your muscles begin to atrophy. You have to work a job to pay for food and stuff, which makes the stat drains even worse. And when your stats get where you want them, you can choose to fight someone, and just watch the fight happen. By the fourth or fifth fight, this will no longer be interesting. Honestly, everytime I tried to play this game, I fell asleep. Save your money, this one's not worth it."
,Recommended,394310,22718345,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Horus,"Short but fun! Not enough replayability, maybe just to try a different build!"
,Recommended,394310,20432401,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"Status;""COMPLETE""So another 8 bit going for the fences.... so we watched the nice twitch feed they ran for about 30+ hours, and decided it was worth the small price.They stepped up, and hit a homerun not just with the game, but it was a walk off homer!They launched the game as promised to the twich fans for completing the game in a specified amount of time. Nice job guys and great marketing pool, my idea.Fun, exciting, frusterating 8 bit game! Only threw two things at the TV, called BS in split decision's twice, and still a BUM on day 81I feel like Mike Tyson and can not afford food yet either, so I will take an ear!Yeah?? How you like them apples!?! What? NO! (Ewww)(As I get pummeled by a little dude like its his job, and had a box of Mountian Dew for breakfast with a side order of ""kick-the-crapoutofyou"" cakes!)Damn you 8 bit little boxer guy...!! (reeling in anguish)""Someone go get me some 8 bit steroids! And someone PLEASE help me up, I think I lost a bit somewhere!!""If you don't give this a try, your really missing out on a group that deserves the support for their great game, and honor to their word.Come and punch your card... this is  SOLID BUY!Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
,Recommended,394310,20433484,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Studly Adams,Kept me up until 6am this morning.
76561197989564728,Recommended,394310,20471489,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,3PY0N,"Only a few hours in but great game.  Hope to see it expanded more.  Reminiscent of Game Dev Story.  Gets real grindy, fast.  RNGesus can be relentless.  Muggers have X-ray vision.Even street, bar, and sewer fights have rounds. FIGHT!You lose gains so quick.  Thank God this ain't real life...wait..."
76561197972247647,Recommended,394310,20476302,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Cyvster,"The game has a surprising amount of depth and story. It is very repetitive, but that is the nature of this style of game."
,Recommended,394310,20477987,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ReynoldHughes,"Brutal game.Broke my character's leg, got frustrated with the slow progress and deleted the save file. Restarted and character still had broken leg.Dang man, let me restart my game in peace."
,Recommended,394310,20484302,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,NightFlying,"Each day the loss of some workout is frustrated, but hanging there struggling is feeling unspreakable cool.The game progress is a little bit slow tho, maybe it's good because it taught you to be appreciated and in real life working out is day-by-day insistence too.+ Retro art style+ Absorbing storyline & events+ Appealing music+ Combat feeling great- Combat is dull- No customization (Another way to spend coins right?)getting boring when you realize the only thing you can do in a combat is waitingIf the combat is QTE may add more flavor to it? A whole new level I bet.Looking forward to more games Lazy Bear Games develope!"
76561198152156870,Not Recommended,394310,20843815,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,GhostFaceKillah,"Played this game nonstop the first day I bought it, it slowly teetered off but was still addicting when I had time to play, but as soon as I got to day 232 with 18 HOURS into this game, the game  glitches and I cannot move on the map or in my current home. I cant even Alt-F4 out, so I am force to open Task Manager and manually close it. When I open the game back up my file is completely gone. Incredibly Game breaking bug, if this had happened in the 1st hour or two of playing I would be fine, but what a complete waste of time and money. Don't buy this game, save your money and time. Incredibly dissapointed, and legitimately want my money back."
,Not Recommended,394310,20532944,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sluggernot,Do not go way of the bear.  Sure your strikes hurt more but you ALWAYS miss. I watched my dude miss every single strike two matches in a row.  States were 5/1/4.  Ok up the middle stat.  I forgetthe name.  Stats are 5/3/4.  I shouldnt be missing at least.  Still miss 80 percent of myshots...  Bull.
,Recommended,394310,25027959,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,FuturamaKing,"wow, it's a really nice game. totaly worth it.lots of cultural hints.Recmanded!"
76561198068698089,Recommended,394310,28969814,Posted: 3 January,all,svensgaard_k,Its a very charming piece! I spend hours and hours building my fighter up and had lots of fun while so!
,Not Recommended,394310,20755896,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ferro,"THEY DON'T LET YOU ENJOY THE GREAT GAME THEY MADEThe whole money thing completely ruins the game. They don't let you enjoy their game, the whole time you are too worried about money, and food, and paying for a gym membership, it's so annoying! They story is on and off, which is a bit annoying, I wish the whole thing was based around the story, but the whole thing so far that I have played is seeing snippets of a story, but not much. Also, every day you have to work out over and over otherwise your strength will go down, which would be fine if you didn't have to worry about your hunger, your thirst, and your gym membership money/equipment to buy for your home. It has so much potential, I don't know who's idea it was to add the money into it, but I hope they reconsider(I was considering saying die in a hole but decided not to :)). I agree the game does need some sort of money system, but the game shouldn't be COMPLETELY based around it. I would be glad to change my review to a yes if they improved it."
,Recommended,394310,20731951,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,stevieboy,Losing stats (especially ones you just trained) every day makes the game very challenging and sometimes mega frustrating. I hit a wall early on and have not progressed very far. That said I really enjoy the world of Punch Club and am invested in the story which will keep me coming back no  matter how hard this game kicks my♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197985419539,Recommended,394310,20743468,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,eple,"Good Game+ Cool art style and music+ Good game mechanics+ Cheap+ Funny & strange, doesn't take it self seriously+ Silly references to movies+ Character progession, skill tree+ One more ""turn"" syndrome+ Ok replayablity, to try different things or speed runs- If you make bad decision in the beginning simply cos you don't understand the effects it may take a long time to get back on track- Occasioanally a fight will feel a bit too random and affected by RNG- At times the grind becomes a bit too much, espesially if you lose fights or make poor choices"
,Recommended,394310,20740278,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,leh uga,- deliver pizza- costumer doesn't have money- insist to pay- costumer is crocodile (it's explain why he didn't have money)- fight crocodile- lost fight10/10 will revenge for pizza money
,Not Recommended,394310,21232890,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ThunderofZeus,"A Waste of Time. The whole the game is grinding, and it's not a fun grind."
,Recommended,394310,20601780,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,ctcancio,Very Enjoyable and chill game :D
76561198042510328,Recommended,394310,21425431,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ixerosss,"Go for it, bro!"
76561198030282066,Not Recommended,394310,21221278,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Boesvig,"This game  is the very definition of a grind. The idea of a boxing management game is great, but it's horribly implemented. There is NO management to this game. If you're in doubt, go watch TotalBiscuit's youtube review. This game is BAD. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,394310,26477161,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Manthrottle Beefdeath,"Do you like those press a button and then wait for something to happen game on mobile phones?Well this is exactly like that, only there are no paywalls, and the wait times are short.There are alot of very cool ideas and nice design. Sadly the gameplay is grindy and kinda boring."
76561197988466085,Not Recommended,394310,21719684,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,drf,Grind Club
76561198144794962,Not Recommended,394310,21719962,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,☮TAD☮,"One of the most grindy game I have ever played. If you like games where all you do is looking at stats and then do nothing but watch your little pokemon fight. then this is the waste of time for you. All this game is is wake up. Walk to the gym. press workout machines till you cant. go to sleep. repeat till you fight. all fighting is, is picking what you fight with (Attacks) and watching your little guy roll dice. Boring, waste. Dont play this game."
,Recommended,394310,25071718,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Tolya Markin,Good game!
,Recommended,394310,20593147,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ElliosoDon,"Simply put. This games worth every penny. The beautiful graphics, to the smart animation and sound. Its a lot of fun to play. I have never bought a game like this before, but im honestly blown away. Cant wait to play more. Only down side is customisation with the character design, that would be awesome to change race, and colour of outfit's ect.. That being said. A superb game."
76561198007535633,Recommended,394310,20673935,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Chavez,"Be prepared to grind. If you enjoy grinding and seeing you character getting stronger you will enjoy punch club.If you do not enjoy grinding, please stay away. You will regret purchasing this just like the double order at your favorite burger chain.I enjoyed it, the story is lacking, but getting new moves and getting stronger is just satisfying even if the grind is real."
76561197974942868,Recommended,394310,20671046,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Blaze,"I enjoy this game a great deal... One thing though, Agility builds need to be nerfed.Seriously.Certain abilities specifically allow an agility build to dodge, avoiding all damage, while dealing a significant portion of the potential damage, back to the attacker.When you play a Strength build this ability will become the bane of your ♥♥♥♥ing existence as you watch spry agile pansies dance around your atomic punches while beating the hell out of yourself because ""♥♥♥♥ strength builds"" these are not ""counters"" they are not shown ""counter attacking"" you just swing, miss, and suffer 40%+ of YOUR potential damage. If it was a counter attack and was based on the strength of the Agility build it would be WAY more balanced, but it isn't.Sure there are some very minor and ultimately pathetic ""soft counters"" to this like abilities that reduce an opponents agility, but they last for such a short amount of time and are usually so unreliable that by time you get in a decent punch or two you've reduced your own health by half, your stamina is basically gone and you've dealt 20 damage to your enemy who has almost full stamina to reduce their agility for ONE ATTACK!Nah, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.If your reading this developer peoples... Nerf your ♥♥♥♥ing agility, Because it's broken.Strength in particular suffers againt agility builds, but Stamina has a hard time against them as well, they're INSANELY efficient to the point where most agility builds never run out of stamina, and dodge EVERYTHING you throw at them while dealing 40% of all that damage back against you.I know I'm rambling but that's because I just can't understand how the developers thought this was balanced?It isn't."
,Recommended,394310,20669210,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MrMate,Great game! Dont know how to get the triple b achievement though....
76561198253966987,Recommended,394310,30953347,Posted: 4 April,all,lolrob13,this game is entertaining and addictive.
,Not Recommended,394310,20672839,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JoBe,"Very repetetive numbers management game. Work, train, fight, sleep, eat repeat. The fights are boring and only consist of you watching your player hit the opponent until you win or lose. The humor is good but doesnt save the gameplay. Do not buy."
76561198068313430,Recommended,394310,20651699,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Gnome Chompski,My new years resolution was to eat healthy and work out.Hope this counts...10/10
76561198044328770,Recommended,394310,20671630,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Brutalsleeper,"Take your fighter from his first fight to being world champion and solving the mystery that surrounds your fathers death, in this excellent boxing management game.You control every aspect of your boxers life, what you eat, how you train, how much you see your girlfriend... I could go on. You can't directly control your actions in fights but do choose the roster of punches, kicks, block, and dodges you will use in each round of fighting. You gain moves and abilities to use in these fights at a steady pace that manages to be frequent enough for your tactics to be constantly evolving but spread out enough to not let you be bogged down in moves that come obsolete in the next hour of gameplay.  However your levelling is separate from your base stats, which will constantly drop to males spending your time training extra important. This provides the main challenge of the gam as balancing your skills against your needs is difficult however can make the game feel grindy at times, even to people who enjoy working out the most efficient routine.The game is full of 80s nostalgia and pop culture references. Even the main story line feels like it's been ripped out of an 80s movie and pays homage to plenty of your favourite movies from the decade. And the graphical style compliment this beautifully.Overall a very balanced game, with a fun if not batdropping insane story and great visuals. Just can be a grind fest at times. But it's a grind fest worth fighting through. Now, if you don't mind I have to get back to to the speed bag before my energy drops anymore than it already has."
76561198095533241,Recommended,394310,20672048,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,spedman,25+ hours 2 play throughs with  10 bucks spent... not bad. a lot of dead spots spent training with no filler in between though. 6/10
,Recommended,394310,20593857,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Steveyoo,"The idea is great and its actually quite satisfying to improve your character once u get the hang of it.Unfortunately it gets boring after a while and u realize that this game is forcing u into a direction like linear storyline.No real depth into it, just grinding and grinding.Overall i'd say its worth the money, but its not a must buy for me."
,Recommended,394310,20662144,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,oreo_fritzey,"I found this game to be very satisfing. from the way fights work, to the challenges you have to over come throughout the game. The only problems I had while playin was that some moves can be fight killers depending on the type of fighter you play as, regardless of you stats, however that is apart of the fun, trying to over come certain obsticals on your journey to find your dads killer"
,Recommended,394310,20670124,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dwayne's Rock,Purchased yesterday and haven't stopped playing since. Addictive game.
,Recommended,394310,20659765,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Effpack,"Saw it on YouTube and Twitch, watched a sh!tload. Bought it this morning; 11 hours later it's finished.Addictive as hell.There is a grind, but i enjoyed it nonetheless.The music is pretty good, i mean; it loops and i never got sick of it so that's a plus.Replayability in character builds as well as some minor story happenings.Crammed with random pop culture references.Pretty damn good for $10 USDA bit disapointed in the ending though."
76561198083842846,Recommended,394310,20666510,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,The ugly hokage,"i train hard, fight for money, then get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in an illegal fight and lose a tonne of progress because this game gave me an opponent way stronger than me,10/10 would almost die again"
,Not Recommended,394310,20610024,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,KahBasha,"Shallow, RNG-based mechanics that are poorly explained. This would be fine if the game didn't take so long. The lack of a speed-up toggle (to accelerate the 5+hours of total training I did in my 10 hour playthrough) makes this a time sink with an unsatisfying conclusion.No replayability for me because I don't want to spend another 6 hours to get a fully developed character. Even speedrunners would have a difficult time picking this game because 100 days is still about 5 hours due to the training involved (I could see total training time getting around 3 hours if truly min/maxed, but I doubt much lower).A cutscene theatre would have been nice since they auto-advance frames and you might miss the text.Fun music, fun graphics. Better to just watch streamer highlights than to play yourself. Pick up if you find yourself with lot of free time to kill and can play this on mobile, or if it goes on sale for <$5."
,Not Recommended,394310,20611206,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,chongman23,"Train, eat, sleep, work and then repeat.The game is repetitive and it's easy to get bored after just a few hours.  I think my biggest gripe with the game is that you take no direct part in the fighting.  You train your fighter and then just sit there and switch some moves in and out of the figher's arsenal between rounds.However, I did like the graphics and the 90's music.  There are also some references to 90's movies and shows you can catch after playing for a bit.  I suggest you look elsewhere to spend your $10."
76561198008243437,Recommended,394310,20580425,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,zmmeul,"The game is repetitive, but also pretty fun and strategy intensive if you try to finish it in under 100 days."
,Recommended,394310,20536103,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Japasneeze,"Just put a literal 7 hours of this game in a single session. At first you go ah spatooty how can I balance my needs and work out? Actually pretty easy when you train all one day or work all in one to get that danker money maker! Love the references from movies, of course Rocky has plenty. Great game: buy it if you like micro management, if not then I never talked about it."
76561197977651945,Recommended,394310,20475942,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,afr0zilla,"Good, fun, and often funny sim rpg, totally enjoyable addition to my collection.The skill trees are well developed, and in my opinion give for an enjoyable amount of customization and replayability!very fun and enjoyable game, hope to see more content like this from the developers!"
76561198124359269,Recommended,394310,20576680,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Julian,Fun...
,Not Recommended,394310,21052713,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,CurlyFrys,Worst game ive played ever... its 100% grinding. the stats deteriorate faster than you can gain them. you get stuck with no money or food and cant win fights which leaves you trapped in the game. you can have better stats in every area and the same move set as your opponent and the game will make you lose every time its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. i want my money back its not enjoyable to play its a waste of time and money
76561198158587777,Not Recommended,394310,20730371,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Yourself,"This game is first for the first couple hours but then it becomes too grindy and takes forever to level up 1 thing which will be gone in a day... Don't waste your money on this game, I made the mistake of playing over 2hours and can't refund it."
76561198043141723,Not Recommended,394310,20829798,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ezzmann,was not fun at all.
76561198150809052,Recommended,394310,20545949,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Zeeee,Best. Game. EVER!!!
,Recommended,394310,20546222,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Raksalot,"Uniique, engrossing, and entertaining, but very  short. However, well worth the price."
76561198013112344,Recommended,394310,20549133,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Broseph Stalin,Fun little game.  Typical management sim with rpg elements. Rather unforgiving at first but can be very rewarding. Love the Rocky references.
,Recommended,394310,20563001,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ForthEorl,"Montage simulator 2016.In all seriousness, this is a really good game. It's entertaining, funny, and really gratifying when you beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of an agility pure.Story is a bit boring, but that's not important. Can also get a bit grindy, but once you become good enough everything balances out.If you don't enjoy it, you can always refund it."
76561198071750014,Not Recommended,394310,20610130,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Toric,Great game with decent mechanics for management. I was taken by the old school style. Would recommend it if it had more than 15 hours of gameplay. Hopefully an expansion will be available soon.
76561198000743241,Not Recommended,394310,21024959,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ch1maer4,"Pure RNG based game. I really wanted to like it because everyone else liked it. But, everything is pure RNG. When you make a move, if you hit or not, if your enemy evaded/blocks or not and so a fight against a bad Opponent can kill you just because of bad luck. Management Games should have less RNG based stuff."
,Recommended,394310,25438068,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ItsLeAshton,"Alright, I had a short review before, but I just beat this game for the first time, focusing on The Way Of The Tiger (Agility), so I'll be changing my review now. I know I'm not supposed to talk about this game, but I have to.This game was a real adventure. If you ask me, it was underpriced. This game follows an incredible storyline that I was not bored through once. This game combines Suspense, Strategy, and Storyline, and puts them all into one game. I'll definitely be doing another playthrough of this game in the near future. Now, enough about my blabbering, here are some pros and cons about this game.PROS:-During your first time playing, you'll feel like you're watching a movie, the storyline is so interesting.-TMNT, Fight Club, and Many other References in this game.-Three S's | Suspense, Strategy, Storyline-Retro Feel-You can choose one of three paths. Stamina, Agility, or Strength.-I feel like most people would replay this game. I sure will.-Each time you replay this game, you can go down a different path.-There are more pros than cons.CONS:-There are only 3 different paths, so if you replay the game over 3 times, you'll be repeating paths.-I can't talk about this game.-They didn't have a Native English Speaker check this game for Grammar issues before they released it, so it's full of incorrect homophones and spelling mistakes.-Your stats drain as days pass.-SPOILER ALERT: Fluffy is actually a jerk.-HUGE SPOILER ALERT: Roy dies. Omg this saddened me so much. :(-There are a few broken achievements, so it's currently not possible to get 100% Achievements in this game.Time to end this review. I 92923% Recommend this game. Worth the money, and I guarantee you, the storyline can instantly hook you, you'll have a great playthrough of this game, and you'll even get a few laughs out of this game.Thanks for the great game tinyBuild. <3"
,Recommended,394310,24047898,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Donald Trump,"The first few hours are pretty fun to be honest. Meeting new people, side questing and dialogues.But late game gets repetitive real fast. It's basically train->buy->fight->train->buy->fight....Also the randomness in late game makes me want to punch in the monitor.Overall it's a game worth trying out."
76561197981505699,Recommended,394310,24035870,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,N8,"After playing a while I feel it's a resource management strategy game that involves fighting, with heaps of references to other games and movies relating to fighting. (little control over fighting other than changing skills between rounds which can make/break a fight switching to concerve energy or going on defense)I decided to not read much into online strategies since I read 1 reviewer say that there are certain skills that are op, and I'd rather try and fail and try again like I'm playing the guy. Get a full experience myself.Not a spoiler per say but more a rule of thumb, if you're carrying a lot of money take the bus. Also not sure about others but I may have messed up with some training and did a darkfist mission waaaaaaay too early, and just got destroyed.I'm putting it as a recommend because I went in knowing what it was, and I like it. But as you can see from other reviews it's not for everyone."
76561198006986577,Recommended,394310,23999583,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"An awesome time management boxing(kickboxing?) simulation.  Lots and lots of great references, a fun skill system, and frustratingly hard time management.  With adorable graphics and fantastic music!"
,Recommended,394310,23860761,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Thizequiel,"This game is a must have on your indie game shelf. Because it's just a game that, if it could be done some decades ago, would be a giant hit and would be known as a classic until today.It's really well done, with many references to the 80's and early 90's movies and games. You have nice pixelated graphics, you have a good ost, it's easy to play and to understand what you need to do.I'm not giving it a 10/10 here only because:- Training system needs a little more polishing. It's way too hard as it is now to build your character and it can become boring after 4 hours of gameplay. Maybe it could be more interactive as well.- Fighting system is just not very exciting. It's cool for 2 hours of gameplay, but you can only watch and change techniques between rounds. So it becomes frustrating to see your character get beaten up by some guy that shouldn't be so strong at the game start. You can just watch and hope that he will fight back. Of course, it all depends on the way you did your training and the techniques you chose to fight each round, so there is a good sense of ""hard work pays it"" and the fighting philosophy that you ""win your battles while training"", not while fighting. But for a game, it should be more interactive. You could at least choose what moves you do on each turn. This could slow things up for a bit, but it would be more rewarding.Anyway, it's a good game and you should buy it, if you're into retro / managing / rpg games. I have paid full price and i don't regret at all. Should be available for mobile devices."
76561198082014770,Recommended,394310,23949567,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Duc François De L'Anguille,Great game!
76561198256178616,Recommended,394310,23866913,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mahokijin,"Surprisingly addictive, could play for hours if I had the free time, did play for hours anyway without the  time."
,Recommended,394310,20572504,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gecko,I think the game was too grindy and too easy. But I enjoyed it for the most part. The stat tree you pick does impact you. But pretty much any focus wins the game.If this added pvp it would be amazing.
76561197985762047,Recommended,394310,20548386,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sprazzlebolt,"Punch club, oh you fine fine game, you diamond in the rough. Never would I have thought that such a simple premised retro game would steal my time so quickly and so absolutely. I picked up puch club yesterday and at the time of this review have happily put in ten hours into this game. I have not yet reached the end and sometime the training seems to take a while, but that's kind of the point. There is no instant gratification here, in punch club you have to earn your way, every victory hard earned with sweat and tears and yes sometimes blood.I won't spoil the plot but if you've seen any movie or cartoon show from the eighties your halfway there. But the game itself the way it works, any video will show you the simple colored bubbles rising from a training routine filling either your strength acrobatics or stamina. And while on the surface it seems only that simile beneath this is a decent character upgrade system that has you choose one path to follow as you upgrade skills using point, that themselves are earned through fights and training.Each of these paths follows a skill strength, acrobatics or stamina. This solidifies your fighting style, want to be a ""Kickboxer"", follow acrobatics. Want to be a boxer, strength is for you. Want the stamina of the gods with fancy high end skills, but to hit like a wet paper towel, stamina style is for you. (I did not choose that style so have no idea how it plays.)And while I am sure when I eventually finish this game I will have a full picture of what it is all about, as of right now this game is like a magical trip back in time. If the eighties game had this kind of depth. And for ten bucks what's not to like. I say solid buy this game, I'm so happy with it I am ever hopeful that this company has more titles to come."
,Recommended,394310,20562655,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ghost.,This game is so awesome for everyone who like to challenge himself in ingame hard training and make the best from your character 15/10 points :)
,Recommended,394310,20567534,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jawj,"The first rule of punch club... oh wait, I'm not supposed to talk about it"
,Recommended,394310,20543915,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,r e d a r m y,"what an amazing game ! i love more pixel game like this , make people have more imaginative and interactive !!keep it up :)"
76561197970736578,Recommended,394310,20551149,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Jason,Amazingly addictive and fun game.Just yes!
,Not Recommended,394310,26443098,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,echo,"Its not a bad Game.Its kinda fun... but really not that interesting for me at all.A time-killer, but it never felt like a Game i whould consider play more."
,Recommended,394310,20638565,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,i pee nickels,10/10 game needs more gains
76561198050358634,Recommended,394310,20631994,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ivanov,"Start the game, lost the first, second and third fight, soo realistic!! 10/10"
76561198162408512,Recommended,394310,20648151,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,who is Boris,GREAT GAME but can you add multiplayer please>
,Recommended,394310,20638365,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Dai Jam,why is gym not free? MICK!!!
,Recommended,394310,20642416,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,|Tank|,fun
76561198150570579,Recommended,394310,20618515,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BlueJungleMonkey,Just one more potion I'm sure I'll be fine...
,Not Recommended,394310,20758906,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Internet Recluse,"As refrency this game is, it does not save it from being generally unfun. Have no direct control of the your fighter is a bore."
76561197993260818,Recommended,394310,20636397,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Psychedelephant,"I laughed, I cried, I punched people in the face. Seriously though this game is great, best money I've spent on a game since Rocket League."
76561198188232907,Not Recommended,394310,24958995,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Joph,Its a cool consept but it gets really annoying haveing to keep your stats in tip top shape just way to repetitve for me theres alot of grinding you have to do i only bought this game because i thought the combat syestem was unique but it wont matter what skills you have if your stats are trash if you like hardcore grinding then try it out
76561198181305363,Recommended,394310,20780749,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Vulpin III,"I got way more than my money's worth with this game. If you fancy some micro management and a classic tale of mystery, revenge, and pop-culture easter eggs, you've come to the right place.No other game allows me to eat two steaks on a daily basis and maintain an abusive relationship with a woman who requires me to purchase her a gift every four days if I want her affection.10/10 Roy Jackson"
76561198213704945,Recommended,394310,20791350,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Valgash 98,Punch Club !!!
,Recommended,394310,24122700,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,orion,"Nice game, with nice animations and story. Waiting for second game :)"
,Recommended,394310,24111990,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pogromca,"15h of continous play (5 hours per day) so far and still it is not the end. Sure, I'm not speedrunning, but rather taking a lot of pleasure from this game. Punch Club is great game, funny plot, tons of easter eggs - you won't be disapointed!Worth adding: I am not into fight sports and fell in love with a Punch Club anyway."
76561198064852407,Recommended,394310,26190564,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"This game is more about management than fighting. The start will be slow, really slow, but take your time. Soon enough you’ll start getting the hang of it, and then the game opens up, a lot. There are different ends, and it all depends on what path you choose to follow. So if you start working part time on something shady, say goodbye for a path of justice, you criminal.Would like Dawgs again"
76561198297933458,Recommended,394310,26121809,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,KeroKero,"i remember having this game but i didnt delete it but now its gone, any suggestions?"
76561198042791568,Recommended,394310,21754570,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Samuraibutts,5/7 best gamewould get my agility from 13 to 14 again... and again... and again.... and again....
,Recommended,394310,21748859,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kordiack,Really fun game!
76561198085636608,Not Recommended,394310,21765351,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TomKevanBruce,This game is too difficult.  The auxiliary stats that are calculated by formulas imbalance the game and make character progression confusing.  The means to which you level up your character are tedious and too resource intensive.
,Not Recommended,394310,21762365,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Michael Scarn,"Despite the game starting out strong, numerous glitches, pacing problems, and balance issues make this a bad buy."
76561198045392294,Not Recommended,394310,21763619,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,bananalopa,Great game if you really like routine. Or fan of KungFury)) As for me game lacks the deep. Also many bugs - sometimes you can't stop current task by clicking on empty space. Side-quests become impassable cause you already gone forward by main story-line and you haven't warn about it.
76561198131456589,Recommended,394310,26227620,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,odiwanpeyote,"As a casual management sim, I would highly recommend this game. Nothing groundbreaking, but it is full of easter eggs, little pop culture references, and scenes obviously inspired by the Van Damme movies of the 80's and 90's. Even after 50 hours I come back to it for a few hours every once in a while.  Good soundtrack, too."
,Recommended,394310,31761731,Posted: 14 May,all,Monterico Gaming TV,The hidden gems just keep coming with this game. Each new character you meat brings you back to some past memory. What a fun little game where you manage a boxer and train him up. I enjoy the challenge of the normal game. I hear they are going to add it so your stats do not drop which will be good for those who want an easier play. You decide the fighting style as you unlock more places to visit in the game. Fun music.
,Not Recommended,394310,29202672,Posted: 12 January,all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,No
,Recommended,394310,22109282,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Korxx,do you even lift bro?
,Recommended,394310,28731080,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KGUYDOG,I like this game.
76561197973669178,Recommended,394310,29092094,Posted: 7 January,all,Corpsefool,not enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥s but maybe they will patch it
,Not Recommended,394310,22016201,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Real Guko,What starts as a fun stat based boxing simulator turns into a terrible grindfest with one of the worst endings I've ever seen in a video game. I was left completely unsatisfied by the end. This game turns into a grindfest insaly fast fu at first but geets repetitve. If ready to pick up the game the game can take around 1 to 3 hours with minor reasons to play it again. There are alternit endings but the endings arnet good anough to repeat grinding. There is an expansion that was 100% needed it adds anofe for me to complete the game twice but overall you should try to avoid the game. If wanting to pick it up i would perfer for you to grab the mobile version. STAY COOL!
,Not Recommended,394310,22068744,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Geo Da Sponge,Imagine if someone remade The Sims so that it made you ANGRYAnd half of the game mechanics didn't work(True Punch Club story: going onto the discussion page and finding separate threads that state that each of the three build types are utterly broken and useless)
,Recommended,394310,26966689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TwoWheelUnion,"This game is very fun.  Simple concept but branches out into different stories as you play.The only down side is the leveling system, once you chose what sort of fighter you will be, you cannot level your other attributes up anymore.  Other than that it's great."
,Recommended,394310,27208844,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zudas,its ok
,Recommended,394310,20880153,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mr.PePe,A very nice manageming and fighting game. The graphic is very old but is perfect for this game. It's the perfect game for all  computers.
76561198164074043,Recommended,394310,21718883,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,A really nice guy :),"awesome game, even though you can't control when your fighting it still gets you hyped to see who will win"
,Recommended,394310,21719683,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"MCGREGOR TAPPED, HOLM DIDN'T."
76561198054042054,Recommended,394310,21721188,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BrassKnucklehead,"Very fun, Cool and great graphics, repetitive but awesome jamming pixel music, VERY VERY grindy to the point i kind of wish they would just knock it back a little so that progress late in the game isn't soooooo llllllooooonnnngggg. But that's my only beef. Also, look at that! Free Update! What's not to like about that??! Great devs."
76561198151800555,Recommended,394310,21722030,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,riccta,"You're the best. around! Nothings gonna ever keep you down. Except maybe stat decay. This is a very rewarding grind of Martial Arts training, stat management and 80s/90s martial arts movie goodness. I've heard people say its too hard, too grindy...I say man up. You have to EARN your way through the game, make those gains and manage your fighting career wisely, or you may just want to hit the Bar or pump some iron with your friend Roy. Havn't yet finished the game but I am so glad I bought it. Reccommended for Martial Arts fans with a sense of humour."
76561198031723495,Recommended,394310,21722107,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Axil-Argentum,good game worth 10$ easy if you can get it on a sale then DEF go for it
76561198049014670,Recommended,394310,21722636,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Johnny Faukes,"This...game...freakin' ROCKS! As far as management sims go, it was well worth the price. Though the story isn't the best, I heartily enjoyed the gameplay, and am working on my third play-through."
76561198181238362,Recommended,394310,21723292,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,UncleMcDownald,"It is a very interesting game. Train the man in various aspects and manage his career with few different dramatic and humorous story lines.It let me have finished the story for three times.The game is small, but amazing at gameplaying experience."
76561198007264014,Recommended,394310,21735828,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,John Henry Eden,Awesome game! Full of easter eggs and humor. Definately worth it's cost.
,Recommended,394310,21740143,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Jerry Seinfeld,It is fun and strategic you have to plan out what to train and i like this game i think it is very underrated 8/10
76561198125612882,Recommended,394310,21742006,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Stripper Steve,"For what this game sets out to be, it accomplishes. What you see is what you get, but strangely I found myself unable to stop playing this for hours at a time. Given it's not a long game, a few sessions and it's done, but I enjoyed my time with it, and could even see myself playing it again down the road with a different fighting style. I felt like I got my money's worth out of the buy and enjoyed my time with it. It brought me back to the old school original nintendo days."
76561197995317130,Recommended,394310,21742500,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Wolle,"A very great game. If you like any media about fighting, you will have a great time."
76561198114132736,Recommended,394310,21743226,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mr_Randomness,A fun game . . with lots of references to old 90's and 80's pop culture. Starts easy but certainly can be challenging later on
76561198030962791,Recommended,394310,21743950,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Nihil,Apart from the ending that left me completely empty the rest of the game was really good. I played it when it first got released so it had many bugs but at least they didn't stop me from completing it
76561198005792854,Recommended,394310,22152104,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,InviS,Beat up a Ninja Turtle and ate his pizza.10/10 would be best buddies with Shreadder
,Recommended,394310,22184372,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Prisoner 24601,"Just Finished Punch Club for for the first time , this game is a must have for fans of retro pixel based gaming , think punch out meets the sims meets the 80's-90's from pulp fiction to terminator , from rocky to to ninja turtles this game is smart original , pretty and hilarious , would only reccomend to seasoned gamers who enjoy a very tough challenge that feels rewarding would not reccomend to anyone under the age of 20 , 9/10 for me cant wait for part two"
,Recommended,394310,28734290,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Black Jesus,"This game simulates my very life, i started off getting punched in the face, then i got punched in the face, then they stole my clothes and punched me in the face, then i joined a club and they punched me in the face, overall a stimulating experience where i found it easy to reach asphyxiation, at one point you meet all the ninja turtles and they kick your♥♥♥♥♥so fun, then you go to stay with your ruski brother and fight a bear, somehow you survive and go back to finally fight the last guy who punched threw your friends face. overall an epic game. would play multiple times"
76561198056296513,Recommended,394310,26478472,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,xMMx,"Do you like retro games, Rocky movies and Mutant Ninja Turtles?Buy this game.This game is not easy, because need farming and patience.I don´t understand this people, vote negative... because is hard? No sense.Good drama moment´s and funny easter egg´s.7,5/10."
76561198144900692,Not Recommended,394310,29343499,Posted: 18 January,all,a1s,"POOR GAME, I like the idea of the game but the game itself is to hard, you just need to play 1000+ hours to win this game,to hard if it would be easy i would recomend it, dont buy you just loose your money and time.3/10"
76561198200412047,Recommended,394310,22225436,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sodacide,"really solid game design, rewarding and challenging without being frustrating or demanding. A+"
,Recommended,394310,26731796,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jaleeeee BETIVII.LALEAGANE.RO,the best
76561198016984395,Not Recommended,394310,26466628,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,rumplstiltskin,"The plan is there. Visuals are good, basic mechanics are good, interface good, but the actual experience is not enjoyable.Pacing is simply not well done and feels like it's skewed to artificially waste my time. Tycoon-style features get you to spin a plate and once you get that one going, you add another, stabilize that, then another, etc. In Punch Club, you spend a lot of time on managing food/energy/etc. and not a lot of time actually punching. Even with suuuuppeer-eeasy mode with no stat decay, a large portion of your game time will not be focused on training/fighting. The managment aspect is not strategic, it's just a chore and an impediment to the enjoyable part of the game.If building a fighter and progression is part of your play motivation, you will be disappointed."
76561198259988338,Recommended,394310,22125367,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,xXn00bslayerXx,"Punch Club is a strategy game. You train you character in one of three stats. Kinda like a tycoon (and does have RPG elements). If you don't like strategy games don't buy this. But if you do, buy it. I give this game a 7.5/10. I recommed this game for anyone who is wanting to play tycoon and  strategy game about fighting."
,Recommended,394310,22227162,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Negative,Nice game!!!!
,Recommended,394310,22266312,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Alex Jones are prophet,9/10 i would bang it any day. buy i just did this to complete a stupid steam thing. still it good.
,Recommended,394310,26481139,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Federal Bum,Member every fighting flick from the past 30 years? ohhhh I member.
,Recommended,394310,22207721,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[J4M35-34RL-C4$H],"Addictive. Nice pixel art style. One of my favorites to play, a bit grindy with money management and training stats while keeping them from falling, but the overall game is well done and you can enjoy it. There is many references in this game to popular movies you all should of seen. I like the tone of this game and if there was a Punch Club 2, I'd buy it."
76561198020934592,Recommended,394310,22232497,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,kempy23,For what it costs its a great game. Better then some games at twice the price. If your into boxing / strategy and like a good story pick this one up.
76561198146963461,Not Recommended,394310,25022457,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,carlphudson,"Having played all the way through this game, I unfortunately can't recommend it. There are a lot of good things--the gameplay is generally pretty enjoyable, there are some solid options in terms of different classes, and the story is at least cute and makes a lot of great references that boxing/martial arts movie/game fans will enjoy.That said, the stat creep is undiscovered-tribe-in-the-Amazon level savage, and adds a good 3-4 hours to a playthrough that are not enjoyable (at least on my first time through).  The late game is a mess that pretty much exclusively involves grinding with only a very limited connection to the story.  The ending, even subject to the most forgiving interpretation, does not make any rational sense and seems like it's just a somewhat weaker reference to the tropes of this genre. All in all, this is a promising game that probably isn't worth the purchase unless it's heavily discounted."
,Recommended,394310,26481426,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jack T | Cødê,A good way to kill time.
76561197971469828,Recommended,394310,27657729,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Varathar,Review for getting steam award! o/  (it's still great game)
76561197989549973,Recommended,394310,21328790,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Staff Sgt Max Fightmaster,a fun little game with a tetro style definitely worth the $10 in my opinion
76561198095899454,Recommended,394310,21330740,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Thinegold,This game is quite fun if you want to Time Management game where your hard work and accomplishments will show throughout the game. I suggest only if you want to have something where to your like yes I achieved that.
76561198054006879,Recommended,394310,21374714,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,pa267,GG great game 8/10 can get too grind like. which makes the game not as good but is still good.
76561198016099626,Recommended,394310,21323842,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,gragon,Once you power through the learning curve and get beat up a lot (your mileage may vary) you are rewarded with the boxing strategy sim you didnt know you needed in your life.  Entertaining game with great strategy mechanics and humurous pop culture references sprinkled into a retro graphic package.
,Recommended,394310,20644857,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Webboy,"yes the grinding can be tedious, yes the game is a mash-up of basically all the fighting related pop culture references. BUT I have to admit I did choose the hard way to finish the game. There are ways by which you can finish this game really quick.  It's a well made game, I like the details the developers put into this game. (Stoney for example *wink* *wink*)It's not for everyone, but for those who likes to think strategically, it's definitely something you want to try."
,Recommended,394310,20760629,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,PartyTom,"I see a lot of people complaining about the stat decay system, and how they hit a point where they cease to progress.I think those people justs didn't TRAIN HARD ENOUGH.YOUR FATHER WAS MURDERED, AND THIS IS HOW YOU LEAVE IT?NOT ME. I WILL FIND HIS KILLER. I WILL DISCOVER THE SECRETS OF THE PUNCH CLUB!"
,Recommended,394310,20759989,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TehPolishPunk,"Good story, tons of references to everything from the Ninja Turtles to Rocky and even a nod to Pulp FIction and Mortal Kombat. It can get a bit slow at times but the story will keep you pushing on to the next fight.Down side - Once you discover the secret the story is pretty much wrapped up and the replay value plumets. You're basically shoving $10 worth of quarters into an old arcade game.Up side - Worth it."
,Recommended,394310,34620218,Posted: 30 August,all,Henlo,"its a cool game, but seriously, make it so you dont lose so much stats per ingame day."
,Recommended,394310,30805931,Posted: 28 March,all,Stellex,10/10 would be on steriods again -IGN
,Recommended,394310,31647539,Posted: 9 May,all,Skeletoxin,"It's like tomogatchi, except with swole dudes"
76561198163869280,Recommended,394310,29099955,Posted: 7 January,all,Horsey Horsington,got a job as pizza guy and then got♥♥♥♥♥♥beaten out of me by a teenage mutant ninja crocodile
,Recommended,394310,26621815,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,HIme HIme,Makes me feel like Rocky!!! =:)
76561198043558647,Recommended,394310,26626055,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Freshmeat,I AM YOUR FATHER!NOOooooo!!!!
,Recommended,394310,21190887,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,"Could have used a bit more interaction during the fight's, but overall, it is a good game that is worth the $10.00."
76561198003393244,Recommended,394310,20683429,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Chef0Death88,"Positively one of the best little games ive played recently. This is currently my GoTo game for some mindless fun while chilling out or watching movies. Easy to learn and play, needs a little time to master, Good clean Casual fun, Game is chock full of pop culture references! Jay and silent Bob, Pulp Fiction, Lock stock & Two smoking barrels. Fight Club, The Fighter, Rocky you name it.PROS-Easily Casual-The Pop Culture!-Charm-Addictive-Suprising Depth-Great Time WasterCONS-Needs Character Customization-Deeper Side Careers (not necessary but could flesh it out)-More Balance between fighting styles couldnt hurt (agility dominates)"
,Recommended,394310,20695655,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,WUTHAX🇦🇺,It's not as fun as I expected it to be. It's basically a glorified flash game If it was 5$ I would be happy buying it but it's 10.That said. It's still alright
76561197995336291,Recommended,394310,20704276,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kennard,Fun and addictive but weak storyline
76561198007465029,Recommended,394310,20711868,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,purorg,"If you like clicker games, this might be for you.All you do in this game is click and wait. Everynow and then when you fight and you have spent a great many hours learning abilities (cards), you can start applying some strategy to try and counter you enemies.The strategy comes late in the game and makes you wait a long time before you can have your next cards available to apply different strategies.It is more a grinding game then a strategy one."
76561197972560532,Recommended,394310,20687718,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,RuningOnBravado,Lots of exploits in the early version.  Sometimes that's what makes a game fun.  TBH I haven't played since they patched making movies and nerfed AGI build.
,Recommended,394310,20682309,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,TimProvise,"A fun game that puts you in control of a boxer on the rise.  Mix Sims and Pokémon and you get this.  Don't expect long term fun though, does get repetitive after a few hours"
,Recommended,394310,20686129,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DLG ^^,Where to begin?The start omg the feels! :(This game is like sims with alot more grinding involved plus you get to fight a crocodile.I'll admit the decrease in stats after each day is a pain and the different quests can become boring but i'd still Recommend.
76561198176037993,Recommended,394310,20684823,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DARPGKING,This game is amazing!! All of the refrences are funny and this game is a bit grindy but amazing
,Recommended,394310,20687920,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bowser,"A rewarding game!In this game you start as a orphan living in a couch with your cat and your flower in your humble house with a tv, a fridge and in the garage you have a carpet to do some pushups and an amazing van! You can't drive it, I think its property of some neighbor or something...Well, this game is not for everyone. It simulates life in many aspects. Like Rock Balboa said:""It ain't about how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward!""You gonna find many situations where you get stuck in life, you can't progress in the amateur league because you are not in a well shape, you are not in a well shape because you don't have time to train, you don't have time to train because you need to work, you need to work because you have to eat and you have to eat to do anything.And your stats decrease every day, so you have to train everyday if possible.When this happens you need to prosper, stop fighting for a week or two and gather food in your fridge, work everyday in a boring job and then starts the training and train hard. Then, you gonna be stronger and advance in history.The game actually tells your many times to focus on one build, you dont have to do this, you NEED to do this. Every single one perk point misplaced is a lot to work to cover the mistake in the late game. And if you choose the muscle memory perk using stamina or agility build is game over, better start another character, because you will lose every fight because you will not have the energy to hit and endure enough rounds.The history is not rich, the gameplay is not much fun, but this game feels satisfying, I guess its the reward to look what you've been through, how hard you trained, to win a fight. The graphics are the best of the best. 2D is my love anyway. The atmosphere is awesome.There are some improvements which would help the game a lot, like actually choosing your outfits, buying outfits, different transports, more musics, more moves, more places, more story and anything that would help the game to not be boring.I recommend this game to people who are looking for some different aspects in games. I've been playing games everyday of my life since my 5 years old, I am in a phase of my life that I play games which feels relaxing and offers something else than just play."
,Recommended,394310,20436391,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Weebsuk,Well was good for the start of the game but then tried to save up for gym equipment for my home and now everytime I have 200 or over for cash and everytime i get robbed on bus or walking I can never get enough for home equipment.Update : They have made a fix for this problem and it works. I'm starting to really like the game more now that it works the way its suypposed to.Game is fun and enjoyable but can be a little annoying during battles when you shout at your monitor for your character to punch instead of standing still but it does make you feel a bit more of the match.
76561198094112772,Recommended,394310,25666916,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,THz.SEMBELIT_QUEEN_Z's,A very very good game and storyline and how to fight for dummies. a must play!
76561198136567405,Recommended,394310,26565393,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kharon,Needs a lot of patience
,Recommended,394310,26568812,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,HWolf83,One of the single greatest games ever made in my opinion. An absolute must own! Bought this during the Steam Summer 2016 Sale. A fighting based RPG featuring a great story about seeking justice for a terrible injustice. Very addicting and very challenging. The difficulty balance is just right. Lots of awesome pop culture references in this game. Games like this are worth supporting. Looking forward to Punch Club 2!
,Recommended,394310,25788557,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,toni-on-ice,"Very nice, good made, not getting lame indie game :) I love it :)"
76561198066353480,Not Recommended,394310,28772955,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Master Fasturbator,"The game was very fun, but there are bugs that make the game unplayable and haven't been fixed in 6 months. If there wasn't an issue with game breaking bugs then it would be recommended, but since there are serious issues that haven't been resolved. The link below contains information on the issues.http://steamcommunity.com/app/394310/discussions/0/365172547958292729/If they manage to patch it i'll update my review."
76561198131410340,Not Recommended,394310,25002266,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Schmupai,"GOD ITS SUCH A GOOD IDEA. But holy jesus christ some of the game mechanics are plain CRAP. First of all, when you get into a fight its so hard to win because of how little you actually hit your oppenent. VERY frustating because you sit there watching your character get his A66 beat. I really wanted to enjoy this game but it just made me more mad the more i played it. PLEASE fix your game and make it better...."
76561198269212968,Recommended,394310,21062269,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,carkidd09,"I Like The Fact That This Game Makes You Choose A ""Path"". You Can Do Lots Of Damage, Dodge And Hit Alot, Or Take Lost Of Damage. This Game Has A Great Battle System. And It Has Energy, Which Nerfs Strength And Has People Who Choose 1 Path Usually Have To Do Another As Well. This Game Is Great For People Who Like Strategy/Management. This Game Is Also Fun For People Who Like Plot Twists."
76561198121155053,Recommended,394310,21082671,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,President_,"Just finished it, what a brilliant game. The ending seems ever so slightly rushed, but the journey there is excellentThe first rule of punch club is... Tell as many people you can about it, its a fun, family friendly game and we want as many people involved as possible."
76561198022066412,Recommended,394310,21084125,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,finchy198818,"I really liked this, get's a bit grindy after a while though"
76561198089238868,Recommended,394310,27885325,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SirNonceAlot,"I bought this game on a sale, looked interesting and fun.Yet little did I know this game contains one main storyline plus tonnes of other opportunities and side quest lines. Its very addictive and has a very captivating story(s).This is a game that is a great surprise for somebody that is looking for a nice little game that could consume alot more time than is good for you. The mechanics and parts of the game are a lot more than meets the eye. Its filled with nice little references to other great franchises eg.fallout, TMNTOffers several difficulties that are massively ranged. The new difficulty takes away the decay of your skill if you don't train often enough but it does take away achievements as it is too easy.Only problem be that once youve finished some sidequests it can be a short grind to advance in the game. But once youve progressed the main story the game opens up again with more quests and opportunities.All in all is totally worth the price if not more. 10/10"
76561198151921166,Recommended,394310,22403790,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,alex.vigano,"I enjoyed this game,hilarious at some moments,It does have some mayor flaws mainly in details that could of been perfected, not only extetic, but in the management of reuserces as well. For instance, the objects you can buy at the store and at the supermarket are ridiculusly limited.. towards 3/4 of the game you end up with a huge bank acount and don't know where to spend all that $$.A good thing would be, for instance, giving a chance to the player to personalize the game avatar, the house, the equippement... I found it a bit poor under that point of view, It would be great for it to be richer also in the storylane, would be great if openended.Overall I really enyoed the game, so it's a positive and I do recomend it!"
,Recommended,394310,22397035,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,raitalin,"Good story, great gameplay. It's essentially a turned-based fight training management simulator, by it's a lot more fun and easy to get into than that description makes it sound."
76561198060154409,Recommended,394310,23162690,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Albert Livingstein Charles a 3rd,"Fun little short game with lots of refreances to rocky, and if thats not enough theres a cool sound track"
76561198061408246,Recommended,394310,23444842,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,That Dude,A must have if you grew up in the 90's youll love it.
76561198033487878,Recommended,394310,23514032,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,WithFieryTruth,"Awesome music, awesome art style and awesome references to other franchises, but other than that, the game is pretty hollow. The main issue I have with Punch Club is the stat decay, which is ridiculously high and turns the game into a massive grind, effectively increasing the play time several times over and taking away a lot of the fun. I would much rather get a few hours of pure entertainment than the 15 hours I had to spend grinding to reach the end.It's still a very addictive game with good core mechanics, but it could've been so much better with less or no stat decay."
76561198007866915,Recommended,394310,23531368,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dahaka,"Pretty fun game. A lot of throwbacks to 80's action movies and games.Game mechanics are a bit broken as they favor agility based characters more than anything. Getting money is a chore and often sets your training back by several days making you ""rubberband"" anytime you need money early on. Late game money is a joke and is super easy...getting to that point though it rough and takes time.Fairly RNG heavy as I've massively outclassed other fighters at times with almost double the stats they've had and I've been beaten pretty badly.Lack of fight interaction makes it a sit and wait game. They need some sort of interaction here to quell the replay boredom.Depending on the style you pick, and your attributes, at a certain point in the game you'll get to choose your path (prison or Russia...which is basically the same thing I think). Prison favors strength and stamina fighters as all of the workout gear there is for those types, while Russia favors agilty and stamina. Fights in prison are more agility based foes and russia is strength/stamina. I managed to power my way through Russia as a strength fighter but as a strength fighter in prison I actually got to a point where I couldn't keep my stats up high enough to beat the last fighter and ended up having to start a new game because I couldn't progress.Game is grind heavy but fun in small amounts."
,Recommended,394310,23802276,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SafariDiscoLion,"There are two big flaws with the game that put me sort of on the fence with recommending it; the first is that at the end of every day you lose a chunk of your stats (strength, agility, and stamina). This means you HAVE to keep up your training or your stats will gradually drain. Certain skills can be purchased to lock them in at some points, but because of the increasing cost of skills and the fact that they're a much bigger impact on your character than stat points, it's not practical to get more than one.  By having such a huge penalty on your stats every day, your typical regimen is very restricted. You have to train to keep stats up, you have to eat and sleep to keep your health and energy up, and you have to work to get money to buy food (and your fridge can only hold a few days worth), and this is all without taking into account the many venues for fights or doing quests and getting skill points. Either having your stats not go down as much or having other ways to raise them - why do the only available jobs hardly raise your stats at all? I should be able to do heavy lifting for construction to raise my strength up or something like that - would make the grindy nature of the game more open feeling. My other complaint is the game often doesn't give you a very good idea of how much something will impact your character or a fight. A good example is doing Ultimate Fights, which can lead to injuries if you lose, like a broken arm. The game only tells you ""training with your arms is less effective"" for a few days. It doesn't tell you exactly what training and how much less effective it is. Does it apply to jump rope as well? Is it ten percent less, so it doesn't matter that much, or is it quartered, so don't even bother?I do enjoy the game and, if you can learn its intricacies and figure out good patterns for your routine, it's a fun game with good depth and replayability and I'm looking forward to starting over with other builds. But it has a lot of small areas that could have been polished for a much more pleasant, less frustrating experience."
,Recommended,394310,23812282,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,213372bu,"Great game, highly reccommend if you like mobile ""Game Dev"" simulators or the like.Yet calling it like a mobile game is kinda  a disservice. The game is very deep and is actually really good for a sim. Learning different Martial Art styles, managing hunger energy etc. It's all great.The aesthetic and dialouge is also great. Lot of great references to 80s/90s pop-culture, and not too cheesy like other games that try too hard.It's just great.I got this game for $3, but I think it's well worth $10 price tag. The great art and music is worth the extra $4 to support the devs too."
,Recommended,394310,23820191,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TizzY,takes a while to get used to it and have fun with it but its a great game overall
,Recommended,394310,23864188,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dylan from Canada,"I love simulator games, and I love boxing so this game was very appealing to me.I originally torrented this game played about 6 hours and realized I needed to purchase this game to pay my respect to the creators.ProsAttractive Art StyleLargish TownMultiple Storylines (To an extent)Lots of TV and Movie References3 Large Skill Trees3 Unique Fighting StylesUnique FightingConsThis is one of the grindiest games, I've ever played (I made it to floor 2300 in Clicker Heroes for Reference)Lack luster RelationshipEnding is ♥♥♥♥ing confusingNo actual button mashing fightingI played the original before the expansion, and I was addicting to playing this game, because it fit my personal game favourites. This game is good but I would only buy it when it's on sale."
76561198025571467,Recommended,394310,23863793,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,No Thanks,"I really liked the progression system in this game. I haven't played since any of the major updates, so I look forward to doing another playthrough soon. Definitely reccommended for anyone interested in sim/tycoon style games!"
76561197977649322,Not Recommended,394310,28585533,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Echoic,"This is good as a distraction or diversion but calling it entertainment is a stretch.  Maybe these management clickers are just lost on me.This is a decent example of its genre, though.  They nailed that nostalgic charm or whatever."
,Not Recommended,394310,21829052,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,pjlx911,"To be honest. This game needs a LOT of work. I was pretty excited for this game too, but sadly the game just has too much working against it and it tends to ruin the experience for me. Pretty much, every issue stated in other ""Not Reccomended"" reviews are completely, and sadly, correct.The mechanics of the game works like this; You train for fights, the skills degrade every day, you fight, and in between that time you try to do everything to not go hungry. That would mean that you must work. Then you have to also monitor a; romantic relationship, pit fights, bar fights, being a super hero, and every-other thing outside of the basic mechanics of the game. Sounds great in concept, too bad it is poorly excecuted.The main gripe, and the one that would fix a ton of these issues, is the skill degration. It is brutal and combine that with all the extra-cirricular things that you need to do and somehow manage to not go hungry, and you can imagine how dishearteningly grindy this game is. You work to try to get your skills up, well good luck with that; if you're hungy/tired, you need to stop, if you are low on money you need to stop, if you need food you need to stop, if you want a romantic relationship you need to stop, if you want to be a super hero you need to stop. All these things slows down your ability to train. But don't worry, the minute a day passes, you loose half of all the stats you've tried to gain beforehand.It becomes a depressing fight upstream to even get decent skills in this game. You can't really progress to the fun bits when you're having to deal with this soul-crushing uphill battle. This, sadly, becomes worse when you have to deal with the actual ""fights"".I say ""fights"" as there really aren't fights you can totally control. I get the idea behind it, but the strategy goes out the window when your higher stat fighter, proceeds to just stand there and take punch after punch, and kick after kick.  And it's not like this happens every once in a while. It happens in every fight. Honestly, I would rather just have control over my avatar. Either that or just not have the fight portion and just act like the cornerman/head trainer and just give strategy/instructions to the avatar. I don't know how many times I had rage-quitted this game because of the fact that my avatar would not do a damned thing while I just sat there yelling at him to do anything other than take punches/kicks to the face! Again, this would just have been alliviated if the player had control over the character.Again, it's not like I hate this game. In fact, I really want to like it. The art style and the vibe of the game would make this a pretty fun game. Sadly, it's like this game is fighting me every step of the way to make me like this game. It needs to be patched, but I sadly don't see them making one anytime soon. I guess that means that this game is going to be gathering virtual dust in my Steam library.If I wanted to end this review with something for any reader to remember, I guess I would say to not get this game. It's depressing. It's depressing in how the mechanics just suck the life out of a potentially fun game experience, and it's depressing in how you have very little control over the more important part of the game, the fighting."
,Recommended,394310,23896437,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,rikos0,ok this game is a little ''hard'' couse you must keep your stats high so at end of the day now fall down .. but I really found this game really interesting and funny
,Recommended,394310,23913633,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Backstory,"A great time management sim that might be a little too realistic to be as fun as it should be. The monotony of scheduling work, rest, eating, and training gets in the way of what might be the fun stuff, like progressing through the ranks of the different fighting leagues. I wrote about this game on my blog, check it out:https://jdbrewerdotme.wordpress.com/2016/06/29/4-things-punch-club-can-teach-you-about-exercise/"
76561198258130958,Recommended,394310,23914920,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KnIgHt,Great game if you like to spend hours of your life and never see daylight again just to keep up a stupid stat system. Have fun grinding till you reach hell if you play this game. 10/10 would grind again
,Recommended,394310,23925150,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Antonio Strapone,That game is awesome. I feel myself just watched all 80s fighter films.
,Recommended,394310,23981899,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bluebane 'Monkey' Menges,"So, ive noticed a lot of negative reviews on this game so i want to give people an honest review of this game for anyone reading this.This is a really good game, fun and does exactly what it says in the game description, It is a boxing tycoon game and as such it is a game of stat management.. if your expecting some fancy punch up game like street fighter or tekken then look elsewhere.I managed to complete this game on my first attempt and within the 300 days that gives you an achievement so all the negative reviews about it being too hard.. again its a stat management game.I also let my friends 7 year old play and she is half way through the game already so cant be that hard.Overall i would totally recommend this game to others and have done, i know a few friends who got it since i purchased.Overall - Good game, good fun and has a good reason to replay due to the branching story (you cant get everything in 1 playthrough)"
76561198019157549,Recommended,394310,24066710,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,rowdyrob3d,"Firstr, let me say that the ending of this game was unsatisfying. That having been said, I found this to be a very fun management sim. It's a bit grindy, and  in some respects its a bit of a ""clicker"" game more than anything, but I admit I wanted to play the game to the ending.There's not much more I can say. This is a ""casual"" game in the fact that you don't really do much but manage stats and sit back.The graphics and chiptune music are excellent and fitting for this style of game."
76561198092270609,Recommended,394310,24193364,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tre Noir,"Someone threw the script of the Rocky pictures and a ton of cheesy VHS tapes into a blender, ran it through a management game and came out with this brilliant cheese fest of a game.Your father is killed and you set out to avenge him by punching/kicking/head butting dudes/crocodiles/robots and working out your 3 stats of Strength, Agility and Stamina. Basically you are Rocky but you play the montages too.Just stick on your favourite 80's movie themes (Or Don't as Punch Clubs music is actually great,) and go for an Agility/stamina build as Agility covers Accuracy too, and you want to hit a lot for the later stages. It is a grindly kind of game but if you think it looks charming from screenshots then you'll enjoy it as charm and refrences come off it in waves and theres still a good bit of meat to the combat and choices."
76561198034069020,Recommended,394310,24142166,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Don Homerone,"very good, but very difficult!"
76561198080569825,Recommended,394310,23763043,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Liviu222,is intresting fighting managment game is goodhas reference to teenage mutant ninja turtle but is crocodile btw 9/10
76561198017674424,Recommended,394310,23906208,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Goshroom,"Addicting fun game , I like."
,Recommended,394310,23817100,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Leb,"With how well the game starts out I got really sucked in. Unfortunately once you get into the mid to late tier fights it becomes an uninteresting grind.The beginning sucks you in with a variety of parallel quest lines and things to do, and the leveling starts out fun. Once you realize that the skills become more and more prohibitively expensive, and the fact that your stats will deteriorate if not trained regularly, you end up in a regular grind of Activate bonus (e.g. ""talk"" to your girlfriend) -> Train -> Eat -> Sleep -> questAt the sale pricepoint of 2.75 CAD I got well over a solid 4-5 hours of enjoyment out of it and would still consider recommending it for it's humor, fun take on fighting pop-culture, and sound track (which while awesome, does end up getting repetitive)"
76561198169028353,Recommended,394310,23862968,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,KevinKC,Nice simulator. It becomes more interesting after two or three hours when the logic of the game is properly understood ans some of the basic needs of the character are easier to deal with.
76561198067322131,Recommended,394310,23879591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Capt. Jack,"Despite the lack of inteligence from some users, the game is realy easy to understand and play."
76561198025453996,Recommended,394310,23901632,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ozzy McBean,Addicted to the grind. Love the film references it's got through the whole game. Damn good soundtrack and gameplay. Awesome.
,Recommended,394310,23914475,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BlondMonkey,"Is a very good retro game, with elements of RPG, Adventure and Strategy."
,Recommended,394310,23952167,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,reikken,"Good until the near the end.I noticed a lot of negative reviews complaining about an endless cycle of training just to maintain stats, but if you do it right, that doesn't happen until the very end. My guy was hulked out with 13 strength and spent all his time drinking beer and delivering pizzas.That doesn't cut it at the end though. One high stat won't get you through the late fights, and maintaining multiple stats takes a ridiculous amount of work. So the last stretch is an uninteresting grind. Also the ending...is very abrupt.Also the title screen music is great. The rest is throwaway, though. There are basically two tracks total used in game. One for in fights and one for everything else."
,Recommended,394310,23952914,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PalestHorseYouKnow,"The reviews on this game are pretty split -- I love and recommend it, especially on sale (got it for ~$2.50). It's extremely difficult to get started, and there are so many fights you will lose to just bad RNG luck. Like fights where you have almost double the opponents stats in every category, yet they will still somehow win.You can't really let that stop you. Losing a fight isn't the worst thing that can happen. The worst thing would be mismanaging your time and money. Don't get caught up trying to earn money through your various jobs -- you should be training and fighting always. Once you advance beyond the beginner ""yellow"" class in the ultimate fighting league (the warehouse) you can stop working altogether and just fight for money.After going pro, money is no longer a problem at all, and you can honestly just stay in the gym 100% of the time. You can replace all of your sleep with energy drinks, and not even leave the gym for days/weeks.Anyways, only mentioning that because so many negative reviews seem to be about balance / grinding / difficulty. But I'd bet almost all of that comes down to people spending too much time working for money (and losing stats because of it).My biggest COMPLAINTS without spoliers are:- there are skill tree paths based around having a partner to work out with, but can't be used after a certain point. Why? It seems like that's just unfair punishment to the player for taking certain skills- similarly, there are abilities that can disable others -- for example berserker (way of the bear) will disable all blocks/dodges for the rest of the game. There is no way to undo this or turn it off. It's not a gambreaker, but can really screw you over unless you planned our your stats properly- the game addition can't be played after going pro. I had a rough start, then a very quick rise to stardom but once that happened, I was excited to play through more of the Dark Fist content... only to find it's no longer accessible in late game. Lame.A few other tips:- you only have to deliver 2 pizzas for each ""special pizza"" but if you have to work for money, the construction job is much better. Pizza seems to be most valuable for the specials, not the income.- when you have lots of cash in early game, try not to carry more than 250 at once. Good strategy is to fill your fridge, then fill yourself with pizza or at the gym.- you only have to drink with Roy until he mentions the beer, then you can stop. likewise, you only have to ""fix"" his engine until you see it visually change. Anything after that is just wasting time/energy.The game is VERY grind-heavy, but it's also very rewarding. Took ~8 hours for a complete win, and replayability isn't exactly the best, I could see playing it through 2-3x before it gets old."
,Recommended,394310,23957117,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ein Hoden,I extremely enjoyed this game. It's extremely addictive. Someone might punch me for staying on the Computer too long though.
,Recommended,394310,23980623,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lonk,"I enjoyed punch club rather well. But it's important that potential players know that they are getting a resource management game and not a fighting game. I know a lot of players feel frustrated by the lack of player control during fights. I kind of see what the game was going for in the idea that real-world fighters train and focus on particular techniques; but never know exactly how a fight against a skilled opponent is going to go. I feel like they were attempting to replicate a feeling of confidence vs. insecurity. And I can appreciate that.I love the pixel art. They absolutely nailed that retro aesthetic that old men like me crave. The soundtrack is also good, but rather repetitive after you've put in a couple hours.The price point is a bit high if you ask me. But if you can find Punch Club during a decent sale price, it's a solid investment for the price of a sandwich. If you're into resource management games and are looking for something a leaning more toward chance-based than skill-based, this is a very decent game.Just know that you are buying something closer to Game Dev Tycoon  instead of a 2D fighting game. This is one that I would caution potential buyers to watch someone else play for a bit before pulling the trigger on a full-price purchase."
76561197976414721,Recommended,394310,23984037,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Faw,"Cool, simple and addictive game. The humor and storytelling are fine too.It's not that easy, even while using a guide o.O but what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, am i right? ;-)"
76561198066299756,Recommended,394310,24045938,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,PICKLE RICK,you can punch turtles and bears so yeah buy it fam
76561198002470236,Recommended,394310,24082023,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jabagenia,"Even though repetative, I really like this game. It felt well balanced and challenging. It took me around 10 hours to complete the first play through, which is good considering I got the game for under 3 dollars. At one point my character got OP where even the final bosses weren't able to touch me once during fights and I had 10 000$, so I was spamming pizzas and energy drinks every moment I needed to... but I still enjoyed the process !Is it the best game ? No, it is repetative and has many flaws. I was in love with the music, but had to turn it off after 2 hours.Is it buggy ? Yes, I had to restart the game a few times because of visual and mechanical bugs.Is it worth the price ? Definitly, it's short and fun, but the low price makes it worth it and there's definitaly replayability."
,Recommended,394310,24089965,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,YzalSan,"I'll would like this game if it didn't took so much time from A human life to be completed... It's good but so so long.Every other crtitics are quoting cons and pro so i ll no lose time to speak about those.If it's on sale, let's go, but it's a Time eater for an idea would have been so cool in old hardware."
,Recommended,394310,24101213,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ZANOSAN,"So horribly addictive.  I feel like I'm living a fantasy through this game.. and yet I shouldn't.  If you don't mind the grind, its a good way to kill time, escpically as I travel to work!"
76561197997266348,Recommended,394310,24107651,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Don Kanoni,10/10Would punch again.
76561198119482885,Recommended,394310,24146819,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ryuujusan32,"Firstly, I would like to say that this is just my personal opinion. Don't let it deter you from buying a game that you really like.Punch Club was a game that I spent about 10-20hrs playing. I would look forward to playing it hen I came home from work. It was a great way to mindlessly waste some time. The game play is a lot like any other turn based game except you have no control over which order your moves are used. It's a 'manager' type game in which most everything is automated. This didn't take away from the game much though. All in all it was a silly and fun time waster, the pop culture references were fun and anything that involves working out im game for.However, the story line was pretty weak/nonexistent. I definitely felt like there was going to be more story to the game and then how the storyline plays out was a big disappointment. I wouldn't be dissappointed if I had treated the game like what it is: a time waster. And a darn good one. I would recommend"
76561198204837644,Recommended,394310,24173011,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Minha mãe,"It's a very interesting game, with many ways to get to its end!"
76561198052557445,Recommended,394310,22921216,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Red Ash,+1
76561197970326362,Recommended,394310,28574825,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Icemainn,Great game! Worth every penny!
,Recommended,394310,34700138,Posted: 2 September,all,E z k i m o,Very good game.Not easy.
76561198054519794,Not Recommended,394310,34669203,Posted: 1 September,all,raccoonking,"Fun through the first couple of hours, but then it gets exceedingly grindy. So you finally get your main stat above 18 ... and you have to sleep, eat, spar, earn skill points, and suddenly you're behind on your training and lose a days worth of training. Welp ... its a thumbs down as long as they don't fix the stat loss to something like ""havent trained it in a couple of days, you start losing it"". Theres so many other things to do to unlock the next fight, you WILL fall short on your training."
76561198087175815,Recommended,394310,34544380,Posted: 27 August,all,inthelitterbox,"Really fun to play, amazing story."
,Recommended,394310,35274978,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,buy it on sale. it's fun for about 10 hours.
76561198016477228,Recommended,394310,34819646,Posted: 8 September,all,Crankage,"I thought I'd be able to fist my way through this game. Turns out, I could also use my feet. I now have a foot fetish. Thanks Punch Club.10/10 Would highly recommend.- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)"
67354901260541773,Not Recommended,394310,26154898,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Thomas The Dank Engine,"Allthough it might seem to have a great storyline, The game is pretty bland and almost feels like a generic cookie clicker game as all you do is train > work > train ect.. Even the combat part of 'Punch Club' is dependant on your statistics as you pretty much just watch the battles and hope that your abilities are better then the oponent.I really enjoyed the idea of a retro old school game like this, but unfortunately it turn out to be a huge flop.There are definitely more higher quality games for $10, Which also leads me to believe why the game was pirated so much as the developers were rambling about."
,Recommended,394310,20836008,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,KrigarNooben,After 6 hours of playing the game:Easily the best game of 2016:(I will change this above if i find a better game on steam before 31dec 2016)Easily worth 10 Euro.Why?Nostalgy (all those 70s/80s movies)TrainingFightingThe game capture all that above perfectly and it is very well balanced and allows diffrent playstyles.
76561198091991941,Not Recommended,394310,35398363,Posted: 1 October,all,Maximus,Laggy and ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561197992339898,Recommended,394310,27826666,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,veliur,"This is a fighter-management game, with no active fighting involved. You never press a button to throw a punch, nor do you press a key to dodge. There is no action. Instead, you earn and then select skills your fighter will use in a dice roll round of a fight. After a short 15 second round, you can change the skills your fighter uses... if you've earned those skills.The problem with the game is that it becomes difficult to earn the experience points needed to gain new skills. It turns into a grind. I've been a RPG player since the NES days. I like a grind. I actually miss the grind of the early days of video games, where you'd spend an hour killing the same slime over and over only to move up to red slime. But, there is something frustrating about this game. You actually move backwards. If you can't kill the red slime, you end up fighting the blue slime all over again. And while that's not horrible, it's infuriating when you've killed a dragon, made a few mistakes and are suddenly back on blue slimes again - facing hours of work to get back up to par. Although it can be frustrating, I didn't mind that much. Once I realized that Punch Club favored a serious, rather than casual attitude, I was fine with it, but just be aware that some mistakes or really unlucky dice rolls can set you back and cost some time.Your fighter has 4 basic stats: health, hunger, happiness, and energy. You can heal health, energy and happiness by sleeping. However, you will grow hungry. You also will not gain happiness at the same rate as the rest. So, you can watch TV, which fills up your happiness, but costs energy and hunger.Food costs money. Money costs hunger, energy and happiness. So you need a lot of money, which requires a lot of work and stat management. That's fine on it's own. However, food costs a bit too much, andit's hard to maintain the blanace, especially when you remember that this is a fighter-tycoon game.You'll also need to manage three fightings stats: Power, Dexterity, and Stamina. These start at level 1 and as you earn money and food, you can spend your free time in your garage gym, or at a proper gym. You can hit level 2 or 3 in all of these stats if you enter the proper gym in just 10 or so minutes. BUT - there is STAT DECAY! By this I mean that if you do not lift and run each day in game, you will lose power, dexterity, and stamina each day! This is an integral part of the game, and managing this is part of the challenge. However, I personally found the decay to be a bit too harsh, but not bad enough to warrant a negative review; and I'm sure some players love it. Just be aware of the mechanic.Thankfully, the game has skills you can earn from fight victories, which allow you to cap fighting stats to base levels. The first is 4. So, if you want to focus on one of the three fight stats, you can limit your decay. once you reach level 4 and apply the skill, you will never sink below level 4 in Power, Dexterity, nor Stamina.But - it takes a few hours to even earn one of these skills. Skill are cumulative, too! So, ""Punch"" costs one skill point. ""Kick"" will then cost 2 points. The next skill will cost 3. Then 4, 5, 6... and so on. Even if you become the boxing master and have every sing fight-fighting skill available, you'll then need to pay a bazillion skill points to earn a basic kick skill.And then there are limits. Let's say you forgo fighting and just earn money for a home gym! You'll fight unbeatable opponents who steal half your money. You need to play the way the director wanted.This game is insanely grindy. The metrics for gains are extremely tight. Any error hurts your character. You'll lose fights, have stats drop to zero, and just screw up your health, hunger, happiness, and energy stats.I think that's okay. It's incredibly frustrating at times, but I don't mind a grind. I don't mind watching my 16-but figher just punch and kick for hours on end with no input from me - just balancing numbers...I am looking forward to mastering this game. And once you get past the casual appearance of the game an take it seriously, you'll get a lot more out of it.But, if you want to spend 20 minutes here and there making a boxer or UFC Champ, you will not find that here. This game will eat up your time and life for at least 20+ hours.Pesonally, I liked it, and I didn't even discuss the atmosphere which is a total homage to the 1990's. This is full of TMNT and Silent Bob type gags.If you want a grind. If you want a challenge. Then go for it. It's cheap. It's pretty fun, but don't expect a casual tycoon experience. You'll need to put up a fight here."
76561198128433939,Not Recommended,394310,20578218,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ASentientToaster,"Do not buy this game. The combat is based soley on luck. The ""gameplay"" (if you can call it that) consist of watching the character get punched in the face because everyone is stronger then you, so you spend about 30 minutes grinding only to watch your character not do anything. I tried to refund this garbage but I had too much spent playing it."
,Recommended,394310,20499301,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Tantalis[] Хуй войне!,"Started the game as a very promising power hitter. My training schedule was good and I was making 50 bucks a day doing road construction to afford my addiction to steak. After stopping some burgulars and street thugs I was quickly gaining respect and a solid reputation amonst the people in the town. I soon found my way into illegal fighting and became somewhat notorious. After defeating every amateur out there it was time to get my pro card. I trained the hardest in my life to lose in the opening round. The defeat shocked me as I have never lost before, but I didnt just lose I was dumpstered.Life spiraled downards at a stunning rate. I was losing stats and fights to the point where I could no longer afford food. I was too tired to work and constantly starving. This is when I met Roy. Roy was a guy I kicked the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of before but he was pretty cool. Roy and I began chilling and drinking brews on the daily while heading to the bars at night. By the way Roy had a banging sister so I went out and picked some flowers for her, but she didnt want the D until I beat up her brother in the front yard a couple of times. My stats continually decreased as drinking and flirting became the norm until I convinced Roy to train with me. Now with a gf and best friend and party's to attend every night, the only thing that would complete my life was that pro card.After training with the help of Roy I quickly gaining back my lost strength. Was getting back into fight shape after not fighting for multiple months. A little sparring here and there allowed me to hone my techniques. There was one problem however, I could still barely afford to feed myself and since no one else would fight there was no money to be made. I did the only logical thing to do which was join a local gang. Being a street thug I could make money easily. It only took a few weeks before the Don himself wished to see me.The Don asked if I wanted to make more dough and if I'd join you see? He was appreciative of my hard work bullying others and dedication to pumping iron. The Don gave me a job and a gun incase I needed to protect myself and my girl Adrian. Before going on this job I had to kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Roy another time so my girl would know who is alpha. Anyway I find this chinese ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, a real butthead stinking up the town with his healing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I tell him if he knew what was good for him he should leave and that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mofo left without hesitation.On my way to the bar I get stopped by the ♥♥♥♥ing po-leece, them mother♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ucking donut ♥♥♥♥ers. They arrest me on the spot for being armed with a firearm. And then I find myself in prison. I have 1 dollar to my name and can do nothing but eat sleep and ♥♥♥♥ING WORKOUT. WOO! For a mofo like me, prision was the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ No responisbilities, no social ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just straight pumping iron and getting sauced all day everyday. And sauced I got, every mofo was afraid of me after spending 95 days behind bars. I was in the best shape of my life.I gathered word that a security guard was organizing fights with the prize being freedom. I spent enough time in the brig and was craving that sweet old Adrian booty. you already know my ♥♥♥♥♥, love to hit that♥♥♥♥♥♥from the back.  I sign up and beat ever mother♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥other criminal they put infront of me. Freedom was mine my ♥♥♥♥♥, but freedom came at a cost. While I was locked up Roy had dissappeared and my side♥♥♥♥♥ Adrian tells me that I gotta into hiding. The Don agreed and set me up in some crackhouse ♥♥♥♥ing place which was ♥♥♥♥ing dope as ♥♥♥♥ my ♥♥♥♥♥. The Don knew I was sauced, the most sauced my ♥♥♥♥♥, and gave me my own ♥♥♥♥ing gang. I had my own goons, they werent the toughest, but dont play those ♥♥♥♥♥s in poker theyll rob ya blind my ♥♥♥♥♥. The house was small, but I got♥♥♥♥♥everynight and ofcourse got to  PUMP ♥♥♥♥ING IRON all day my ♥♥♥♥♥. You already know. WOO!As a gang leader I had to proctect my turf homie. Those tiny ♥♥♥♥♥ucking yakuza ♥♥♥♥♥s were stinking up my territory so I beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them, my ♥♥♥♥♥. I started making mad bread my ♥♥♥♥♥, mad ♥♥♥♥ing bread. Was buying gifts for my side♥♥♥♥♥ and controlling a ♥♥♥♥ing gang my ♥♥♥♥♥. Not to mention how big I was getting, After those japs got beat my turf was invaded by ♥♥♥♥ing ninjas. yeah ♥♥♥♥ing ninjas my ♥♥♥♥♥, I dont even know.  So naturally my ♥♥♥♥♥ I bobbed and weaved and haymakered them back to the ♥♥♥♥ing sengoku period my ♥♥♥♥♥.After establishing my turf my gang was nortorious and was feared amongst all other gangs.  I started beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of other gang bosses like the punk♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥es they were my ♥♥♥♥♥. It was finally time to get invited to the island and fight in one last tournament. I was feeling good my ♥♥♥♥♥, the strongest I ever been, with more bread fame girls and drugs. you already know my ♥♥♥♥♥ I was ♥♥♥♥ing stacked.So I go to this island right and have to fight ♥♥♥♥ing subzero from mortal kombat my ♥♥♥♥♥. I was like damn wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ this aint no mortal kombat ♥♥♥♥♥ what you doin? All my lifes hard work and all the pumping of iron has led me here to fight this mofo with a ♥♥♥♥ing ice fetish. Been 420 days and I get absolutely dumpsted by subzero...game ends, game over. worth.Went from promising young boxer prodigyto drunking bar fighter bent on self destructionto small time gangster who got arrestedto prison fight champion and gang leaderand I got to drink brews and kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my ♥♥♥♥♥es brother infront of her.10/10"
76561197990138568,Not Recommended,394310,20571229,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,chiral,Mac Version is Buggy
,Not Recommended,394310,20593968,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Smooth Nort,I have no idea how a game this simple can be this imbalanced and buggy.Also the ending is just gutter trash that comes out of left field before cutting to the credits.Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,394310,23777715,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Swlaerka,this gayme suck a dyack
76561198067554090,Recommended,394310,21676204,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Fenrios,You like punching stuff? Punch Club is the game for you!
76561198130316881,Recommended,394310,22721509,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,grenadier7428,"Excellent, addictive, and packed with ridiculous references."
,Recommended,394310,20464046,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,john from ts,got a job as pizza guy and then got♥♥♥♥♥♥beaten out of me by a teenage mutant ninja crocodile69/420
76561198272025350,Recommended,394310,20499461,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,roblox b-hoper,its a great game with a funny story but sad at some times...
76561198044013547,Recommended,394310,20610695,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ambassador Spock,"Inovative! We have all had that daydream of a game being combined with another game. This is the actualization of that day dream. It has the sim elements found in a lot of sim games. A little basic in it's design it still pulls it off.  There is then Rpg elements in the form of a skill tree and choices. Grinding for skill as is common in rpgs. The story wasn't bad, but actually pretty nostalgic. There are references to Rocky, Street fight, TMNT, Mortal combat, Double Dragon, and many more.GAMEPLAY      3/5DESIGN            3/5STORY             4/5FUN                  4/5The only thing that brings down it's scores are few. IF fixed the game would be 5/5. The problems are-Bugs-Poor optimazation (at 1300x700 res I was getting weird bugs. My comp is more than able to play this game and many more intense ones. I am not the only one either with this problem.)-Difficult to play much past the final boss-Needs more options for power points or the limit to be dropped from 25 to 20-DLC to expand game length & possibley a 4th skill treeA must have for your game library!"
76561198070910880,Recommended,394310,20479195,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ุVacate Sandman ุ,"This game is inspriational. Everywhere I go. I now beat people up and then announce that my strength has increased. I eat raw meat for hunger. And kick a box to have fun. I like to walk around town, Even though I have a van in my garage. And You even get trained by Zombie Mickey Goldmill. Best game ever.But really. I had a lot of fun with this one. GET IT ALREADY."
76561198097709617,Recommended,394310,20465267,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Leonidas,Best of its kind!Memorable story and loving charactersInteresting gameplay to simulate the life of a boxer in the 80's/90's
,Recommended,394310,20490815,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Burter.★,two words: One Puuuuuuuuuuuuunch!! 10/10 would Saitama again.
,Not Recommended,394310,20463963,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Darkbringer35,"I remember when I first saw this game in development, and it had me totally excited. I played the beta back when the devs still called it VHS Story.  I don't really know why they were so sporatic in their name change, and company name change, but it happened. This game is sadly disappointing to me. I dont even want to beat it any more because the training system is seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I hate having my stats being constantly drained at such a rediculous rate. The fighting is super repetative, unlike it was in beta. (The combat was actually more interesting in beta WTF) It has some seriously epic cult following easter eggs, such as parodys to rocky, blood sport, alien v predator, pumping iron, and TMNT.TLDR: Repetative as ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gets boring, have fun spending all your money on ♥♥♥♥ing virutal pizza eater 2016.I waited at least two years for this game... it let me down."
,Recommended,394310,21724763,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Trip,Good game. Love the old move references everywhere but there is a bit too much RNG. You can literally get absolutely stomped in a fight and lose in 1 round then play that same fight again 2 days later with the exact same build and stats and win in 1 round yourself.As you can see from my playtime though I have enjoyed it and for the price it was great.
76561197963747757,Recommended,394310,20734877,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Conniption,Jay and Silent Bob are in it!
,Not Recommended,394310,21722384,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Gerzie,The game is pretty much a fancy clicker. It sucks. I'm upset that I bought it.
76561198046975243,Not Recommended,394310,20452451,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Crax,"This game has a lot of potential, but is bogged down by excessive amounts of grinding and little actual content. The story totally could've been interesting, but it's lacking a lot of events in between, not to mention that you're so busy trying to survive the stat reduction you might not even have time to do them. There's just SO. MUCH. GRIND. Everything in the world is against you; the random robbers event, the daily stat reduction, the ridiculous cost (probably dumped tens of thousand dollars into that god forsaken gym just to train and spar; how the hell is Silver not a billionaire already?), consumption rate, travelling time (somehow, the protagonist takes a full hour to walk ONE KILOMETER ONLY) and so on and so on.In fact, I just don't see the point of playing through the game again with a different skillset - or as bad guy, which offers slightly different storyline and unlockable locations - because it took me 9 hours of crazy grinding - the end game actually features even WORSE, INSANELY REPETITIVE grinding, if you can actually believe it - to finally beat the game. The ending isn't even satisfactory; it leaves you with a cliffhanger and a storyline that confuse the hell out of people, and naturally there's no option to replay that particular cutscene because this is a 'retro' game. Uuuuuugh.Also, someone mentioned in the discussions that this game is built around the concept of mobile F2P. I can see it, except that if it actually was F2P I would toss it out of the window in a milisecond. Even ZENONIA isn't as boringly grindy as this game, and that one's a KRPG.As of now, I seriously cannot recommend this game to anyone. Yes, it can be fun. Yes, a core part of such sim games is to grind. But jesus, at least Sunrider Academy has boobs to look at (although that game's grind is even more pointless, at least it doesn't PHYSICALLY DISGUST ME WITH ITS MECHANICS). Heck even Love Dating Sim, a game since the 2000s EASILY trumps this game in terms of replayability and sheer fun. This one's just TEDIOUS, UNPRODUCTIVE WORK. I would play Pro Gamer Manager, an early access game with no end game over this. At least that one's relaxing."
,Not Recommended,394310,20463238,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TuxRox,"This is a grinding simulator, buy this if you like repeating the same thing over and over, the story ends in a way that makes it clear the developers ran out of ideas, and almost nothing interesting happens, the npcs are shallow and repetitive and you care little when they die other than the loss of training boost they providedExpect this game to take 10-15 hours, with 3-5 hours of actual content, the rest is just a repeating grind."
76561198099225732,Not Recommended,394310,20459540,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sirlagsalot18,"This game is so bad, If you can't get food, you can't work to get money, so you cant fight. I want to return this game, Gaben please help me"
76561198143529401,Recommended,394310,21570232,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Gringo Mandingo,"Fun for the first few hours, then gets pretty tedious."
,Not Recommended,394310,20482804,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lvl 2 Cow,"""Washed up ex boxer simulator""After about 2 hours, all focus becomes concentrated on making enough money to buy food so you can try and make more money to buy more food and sleep.Pure grind fest with wonky rng."
,Not Recommended,394310,20486889,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cohen The Barbarian,"A promising title which falls short...Pros:+ Pixel art+ 80s and 90s referencesCons:- Soundtrack is too repetitive- Story is shallow (its a piece of crap without the references actually)- Gameplay: Its nothing but a grindfest. You can only beat it by doing the same things over and over again.- Game mechanics: Even that sim part doesnt make any sense it is acceptable for a game like this to push players to grinding. However, actual fighting mechanics are broken. You can knockout an opponent in 1 round, and with the same stats and skill you can lose to same opponent. Its pure luck if your character wants to attack or just stays and try to defend.- Once again, its pure GRINDFEST.Final verdict:It has some cool ideas there and there but totally broken, short and grinding. 4/10  And that points goes to undeniable charm of its pixelart. Gameplaywise its 1/10."
,Recommended,394310,22360434,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,Living like a real boxer.
,Recommended,394310,20460763,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BingBonk,"First Rule of Punch Club:Dont eat anything you find in the bar garbage...10/10Would eat rancid, beer soaked burger again."
,Recommended,394310,20461996,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ben,"PRO:this is a great fun game. The 16bit-ish graphics are beautiful and well animated and very well polished. The whole game was a great experience that I enjoyed. I recommend itCON:It would have been nice to make the fighting interactive, as I treated him like a chess piece. Also being able to choose or decipher the hidden birth specialties would have been nicer to be documented. Even if interactivity isnt permitted during combat, tactics or game plans would be interesting to give more agency in terms of combat. For a brief period of time I began to play the life of a normal person, ( work construction 12 hours a day, watch tv to remove my depression, buy some cold pizza to microwave and eat, sleep on a couch, wake up and repeat to get robbed of my savings and I was too weak to defend myself because I was too poor to find time to train/workout enough).Also my ending was faily anti-climatic (I learn the masked man is my father and i defeat my brother, and thats it? Game freezes and locks up if i try to continue.. Also it was fairly grindy in the end fighting ninjas to skill up to win."
76561198007018100,Recommended,394310,20466900,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Winterborn,Adriaaaaan!
76561197976178495,Not Recommended,394310,20470078,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jigglypuff,"This game is not complete.Countless game breaking bugs:Sometimes every button, person, and location is unclickable which forces you to save/quit, then restart the game - this can be a huge problem.Some necessary locations, if not discovered earlier in the game, will be wholly unavailable (China Town, a location where you heal for cash).You are unable to travel to the end-game location, so if you hit a bug that requires a restart, you will never be able to complete the game.Despite the patch today, AGI is still significantly stronger than any other build type by far.  This makes facing AGI NPCs in the end game an absolute nightmare, and sometimes you have to rely on luck to win the fights (note: STR build with 45 unlocked skill slots, stats are 13/12/12, and 14 passive skills).  With a 4/13/4 AGI build I can breeze through the entire game without every changing my skill builds in any fight.I have various other qualms with this game (eg. Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ does every game now have to slam nostalgic pop culture references down my throat?), but preference aside I'd suggest NOT buying, and/or refunding this game until it is actually complete."
,Not Recommended,394310,20555510,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Harveys Horse Cock Wholesale,"Too much reliant on Money, and Energy, not really a fighting game, mostly seems like ""construction money manager sim""....."
76561198024817190,Not Recommended,394310,20709936,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,NEShelltone,tedious and grindy
,Recommended,394310,21295396,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,viv,"Very good game, with a variety of characters to meet with! Includes a very good balance humour and tragedy, with a very retro gameplay. It is also kind of a management rpg (if that's a thing, I just saw it on the other reviews XD), but it still has very unique rpg elements to it too! Easy on some levels, hard on others. But there is something I have to tell you before you join...1st RULE: You do not talk about PUNCH CLUB.2nd RULE: You DO NOT talk about PUNCH CLUB.3rd RULE: If someone says ""stop"" or goes limp, taps out the PUNCH is over.4th RULE: Only two guys to a PUNCH.5th RULE: One PUNCHt at a time.6th RULE: No shirts, no shoes.7th RULE: PUNCHES will go on as long as they have to.8th RULE: If this is your first night at PUNCH CLUB, you HAVE to PUNCH.(No those are not the actual rules)"
,Not Recommended,394310,22382033,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Galileroy,"The Stat Decay mechanic makes this game way too grindy, otherwise the game is pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,394310,22484816,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,myself,"First i want to say that this game is enjoyable, from what i can tell with the very little that i've played so far. BUT.. it comes with its merits. Accessing menus can be very buggy. I have a habit of using the ESC key to close down menus in games, if you use it in this one, the menu will be come unresponsive forcing you to close the game and reopen it. This has happened maybe 5 times in the hour that i played. Aside from that, it is very grindy. You have to constantly keep up with your stats to stay competitve with other fighters, while also getting rest, working for pay etc. It is an awesome concept, but in the end it just feels like i am doing a chore.Pros- Interesting concept that feels fresh to other sim/management type games.- Awesome art style/OST- Variety of skills from what i could see- Satisfying progression systemCons- VERY grindy- Has some very annoying bugs- Reptitive-  Lacking in contentThis feels less of a 10$ title and more of a free phone game that should have microtransactions. Pick it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,394310,20494001,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,PanZerWilli,"First off all, its really funny. But the balance of this game is extremly broken.Play with focus on agility -> easyPlay with focus on strength -> unbeatableIf you have to fight an opponent with high agility with strength focus it becomes nearly impossible to hit them. You can just watch how they dodge all attacks and kick your♥♥♥♥♥ This is so freaking frustration that I stopped playing it.And why does the Rooky League disappear after you become first place? There should be a way to stay in the league do defend your ranking to gain some experience.Dunno what this is all about. I can just wait for some adjustments :/"
,Not Recommended,394310,20592348,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,biggayarab,"This game is awful and no one should play it or support it, and I regret spending more than 2 hours so I can't refund it.This game has so many problems it's hard to point at any one specific thing that makes it awful, but the combat system that sides towards one specific stat over all the others as being viable (hot tip its agility) is one of the more glaring ones.Another factor comes from the fact that the dialogue is written incredibly poorly, before mentioning what could be the worst story ever.Maybe you aren't here for a great game and you're just here to play a cheesy game and realise that 10 dollars doesn't mean quality. But why can't 10 dollars mean fun?So, assuming you made the right decision and chose agility over all else you are more than likely dealing with the repetitive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and continuously depriciating stats, meant to emulate actual body building in an almost delightful ironic twist.But I have fantastic news!This game is written in c# and is running on a very basic engine.After spending 7 hours playing through this awful pendatic game I realised that it was written in c#so I just memory edited the game to max stats, which only slightly improved the game in that I no longer had to deal with their deteriorating stat systemIn the year of your lord and saviour Jesus Christ, 2016AD,  people still haven't figured out that proper challenge isn't about forcing the player to go through constant troublesome ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to advance at EVERY stage of gameplay?God bless you if you had the time and patience to deal with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics that railroads you into a recursive stat building system where you head from level 8 to 6 so quickly it'll make your head spin, or better yet get an injury after losing a fight making all progress you had made over the last 2 hours null and void until you can afford to go to a doctor.Personally I just took the easy way out and fixed the game by getting rid of the stat loss every day, because really who even thinks this is a good idea in any way?Overall, when you look past the lackluster combat system, glaring plotholes, (SPOILERS: your future dad killed your past dad and you had a brother that was never introduced until the very end of the game, wherein you summarily kill him because he wanted to get the magic amulet that CONTROLS TIME. This is all explained within 2 minutes and then pushed off to the side as if never having been brought up in the first place. Oh and then credits roll after the reveal because the game ends before a final fight with dad! I smell DLC to wrap up the story for the BASE GAME, yummy!), and repetitive soundtrack you get a soggy lump of♥♥♥♥♥♥that was clearly made in less time than it takes to lay out a fat slimy load with more depth than Punch Club. 3/10 steam please refund"
76561198018875590,Not Recommended,394310,20592909,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Wolfen,"So much feeling of the 80s (back in time, when i was young).But with all sympathy for the setting and the gameplay itself, the fighting balance is broken.It is simply fubar.Some opponents are down in a few punches, others kills you while you are standing there and are doing nothing.No clue if one of the three stats is ♥♥♥♥ed up (agility is suspecious) or all three, but this is only playable if you like gambling.So as much as i love all the reminders of my youth, this is simply a frustration RGN-carousel atm.ps: a few hours latera waste of money and time, deinstalled"
76561198043098538,Not Recommended,394310,23999976,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ashoten2021,"I can really only give this game a recommend when on sale. This simple little time sink game is fun enough and is packed to the gills with refferences to the 80's and 90's movies. If anything I would recommend this game for people who like to search for easters eggs in the scenery. However the game mechanics themselves are often times counter intuative and frustrating. Especially when you just want to grab a steak before you go train and the phone rings or the suitcase goes off forcing you to spend you precious time doing things when the games thinks you should do them, including fights you are not ready for. It also crashes a lot and unpredictably so get ready to lose your progress just when you started to make some progress."
,Recommended,394310,20617142,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Dumbass The Elephant,"You train up, get big boy strong arms, and eat pizza!  Whoa!  Did somebody say pizza?!?  HOLY ♥♥♥♥!""Ooooooooh, pepperone!"" I moan, as Netflix shoves it's meaty member into my brown eye.Besides pizza, there's lots of cool fights to do.  You can fight on the street OR for a professional league...it's pretty sweet.No kidding...there are so many easter eggs and references in this game!  I went to the market and I was able to find a Chinese man who was frying up a dog.  HOW RACIST!Other than that, a pretty great game.  Although, there was this glitch in the game where a shirtless homosexual named Patrick followed me around and kept talking about playing Shovel Knight...but it wasn't too annoying.I give this game a 6/7."
76561198193629343,Recommended,394310,31177370,Posted: 16 April,all,BrainStorm,"This is either a very difficult game, or I'm just s*it. Seriously, I am unable to progress any more. The game is now just a cycle of train, work, fail fights, become bankrupt and repeat. However, I do seriously recommend the first hours of this game and then if you're any good at it, maybe you'll get to enjoy the rest.This is the only management strategy game I have ever played and I think that my first impressions show that this is quite a complicated and detailed section of the gaming industry, but one that I'm interested to look into a bit more!As for the game, I feel like the graphics fit perfectly with the game, and they do look really nice. The gameplay is difficult but fun. The story is... forgettable, but hey, I can't expect a good story from a management game!"
76561198302801995,Recommended,394310,30494731,Posted: 13 March,all,Dr. Ramen,"you guys should add a Sandbox mode to it where you can have high stats,skils,money,etc, it would be SUPER fun for the game hope you guys respond"
,Recommended,394310,21196729,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,benly,...9/10...
76561197990768995,Not Recommended,394310,20618461,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,The_Condor87z,"I wanted to like this game more but it has far too much trial and error, grinding and RNG for me."
76561198248714336,Recommended,394310,26405639,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,lucky_charm888,It's actually a pretty fun simulator game
76561198237514536,Recommended,394310,30287619,Posted: 2 March,all,Lazerhawk,"Punch Club is an excellent journey that follows a fighter's humble beginnings to the lucrative title of world champion. The retro feel is strong and the constant nostalgia is often only a punch away. The art style is a beautiful medley of pixels and colors that pop out in all the right ways.Having said that, the gameplay sadly loses something along the way. The grind is very real, and the possibility of falling behind is often waiting behind a poorly painted caution sign.The pros do outweigh the cons, but in the end the seemingly subtle choices I made and the grind to accomodate them just to stay on par is what is stopping me from finishing this game. On the plus side, I know what not to do next time I play this - if there is a next time."
,Recommended,394310,20413724,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BOT Ö,its if like street fighter and adventure capitalist had a kid and gave it a bongo.
76561197981803097,Not Recommended,394310,20502119,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Park Ranger,"F* this S. F* patches. Now this game is broken. F* F* F*. Spend so much points into the void. 18 agi? F* it, I can't hit fn ninjas  now. Don't want to play this s h i t."
,Not Recommended,394310,20502323,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mazon,"When i first saw this game, i thought cool this looks like it could be fun....this game is only fun if you just build AGI and give no care to your other stats, whats the point of putting other paths in if your going to make it so difficult to even play trying to build other stats? its not even a rock, paper, scissors formula"
,Recommended,394310,30602572,Posted: 18 March,all,Death Grips for Kids,simple but really funny simulator adventure. get on sale if you are into simple sim games like Game Tycoon and stuff.
76561198003618552,Not Recommended,394310,23855066,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,KDolo,Why does our character lose energy when he gets hit but the opposing fighter doesnt? Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,394310,20411444,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,NotStop,"My god, this game has barely any gameplay followed by just being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of references. It's Game Dev Studio with punching."
76561198033223880,Recommended,394310,23618025,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,rbubbabob,"This game as a good couple of play through, but the replayable sharply falls. This is mainly becasue the intro hits you with a lot of information all at once, and partly skippable. You have no real control on the fights, and they seem like random chance than skill or ability. It is somewhat just watching a show that gives you some choices. It also bugs out quite a bit if you do not follow its prompts. It annoys me that I have not beaten the game because I get stuck after I had a manager, and trying a new game I have to go through so much grinding and stick with the laid out story.The graphics are nifty, and the easter eggs are fun and easy to find.I am going to recomment this game as a game you play then give it a break for a couple of weeks to keep the game from annoying you."
,Recommended,394310,20487049,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lord Martin,Just beat the game.  It is fun!  Love the mortal kombat music at the end ---  A couple of bugs i noticed -- I beat the blue ninja croc but casey won't let me fight the other ninja crocs afterwards.  Lol. Love this game.
,Not Recommended,394310,26475319,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,B0T Timmy,"Minority opion , but it take a while for cheating in this grinding , repititive game. The developer really try hard on making this game harder to cheat. But for me , I don't have time for this grinding style. So that's a no for me."
,Not Recommended,394310,32225231,Posted: 6 June,all,SpaceBiker Ivan,Game freezes when you click on the suitcase. Clicking on the suitcase is unavoidable you have to do it.
76561198090392783,Recommended,394310,20943569,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DBZking119,one of the only games ive ever played that kicked my♥♥♥♥♥and made me enjoy it
76561198045976332,Not Recommended,394310,22421215,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Jalbi,"If you enjoy grinding for the sake of grinding, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,394310,20721970,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,WollyChaps,First two hours: FunLast five hours: Frustrating
,Not Recommended,394310,20595250,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,What's the problem?,"Okay so I was really kinda hoping this was more like, Street Fighter Manager 2016 and that's not what this is. I mean it's alright, but 10 bucks for a mobile game is not something I recommend."
,Recommended,394310,23942397,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,byeah,"Punch Club is a lot like Game Dev Tycoon and Youtubers Life (Eugh) in the sense that you have to work hard and manage your man to become a professional boxer of sorts. Gaining colour coded stats (much like game dev) to show your characters progression while also spicing things up with some womanizing and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with your best mate Roy is suprisingly addictive and fun. The difficulty of this game is one of the things that makes this game shine. It will not hold your hand and will not give you training wheels and it will almost definately be difficult to begin with, choosing which stat to level, what food to buy, how long to work and when (yet again) to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with your best mate Roy, getting the money to do all of this stuff while doing boxing matches, eating, sleeping and making sure to keep happy. It is an awful lot to bear in mind for the first couple of hours but once you have a solid plan or an idea of sorts on what to do, it will be a breeze. Or at least for a short time. The games humour and retro setting also add to its charm. There are numerous references to cult media such as Fight Club, TMNT and Rocky and are always funny when you discover them.Overall this game is, while being quite popular is criminally underrated and should be played by everyone, even if it is not your type of game, it is still worth a try."
76561198123532420,Recommended,394310,23224503,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Anol Beeds,I thought this game was very interesteing and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have alot of fun for a short period of time.
,Recommended,394310,21745144,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Deus Vult,"Really nice game, but the ending is terrible."
,Recommended,394310,24248451,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tony Tontelotti,"My full german Review:http://stadt-bremerhaven.de/punch-club-voll-auf-die-zwoelf/I really love the mix of management, adventure, roleplay and action. Getting the ultimate fighter isnt easy but lots of fun. There are many easter eggs and the devs sure loves movies and series from the 90ies :DThere is also a free DLC (The Dark Fist) which adds a new story, so you will need around 20h of gameplay to finish this game (maybe much more because you can start with a different character).Highly recommend game, also available for ios and android."
,Not Recommended,394310,21853713,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,dut,"This game have very nice idea, but it's killed by grind. Grinding in this game is even worse than IRL.AGI build is OP. Game suggest you to focus on one parameter(AGI, STR or STA), but in fact you can't do it(if you don't choose AGI), because you'll suck. For example, for STR build you must have high AGI and STA also, but it pain in ... to keep all it high. Grind, grind, grind."
76561198133796150,Recommended,394310,23400498,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,aylwin.s,Enjoyable and quick fun. Something to help pass the time quickly
76561197993141339,Recommended,394310,24263564,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Torn,"Estimated Completion time: 10hPunch Clue is a resource/time management game with a lot of video game pop culture references.at the begging of the game you witness your father, a veteran fighter, killed by a mysterious man in a trenchcoat and a glowing red eye, as your character grows older you begin your own adventure in your father's foot prints to become a MMA fighter and avenge your father.Pros:- Funny- Pixel Graphics (retro feel)- Cheesey storyline- interesting level mechanic, you cannot just grind to win- multiple story paths with endings- enough side quests- decent dialogueCons:- extremely slow starting- side quests rewards are rearely worth the investment- game is unforgiving if you make an early mistake (I had to restart once)- Game ends extremely abrupt and is unsastifying- Game froze twice on me (has autosave so its not the end of the world, just more of an inconvience)Overall I enjoyed the game I would probably do another play through, its not an amazing game but its worth 10-20 bux."
,Not Recommended,394310,24270506,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Phizzzle,This is a trial and error type of game because you learn from your mistakes in one game then try to get father in your second one. You learn more mistakes in game two and start on your third one and so on. You'll end up playing for hours just to see one cut scene and see the story progress. I feel like this game is bugged where the AI has the vantage because I've been beaten by AI who are 3/4/3 when I am at 4/6/6.
,Not Recommended,394310,24274281,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Snak3SyS,game a bit confusing :/
76561197990008993,Recommended,394310,20648505,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,pyronikfool,"It's gameplay gets repetitive and therefor makes the game feel too long, but it redeems itself with it's asthetic and attempt at pop culture references."
,Not Recommended,394310,20613753,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Pyroi,way too ♥♥♥♥ing grindy
76561198079401083,Recommended,394310,20650657,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MocaCofe,"We need a second one... Like, now..."
,Recommended,394310,20652250,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,jedi27,"I loved it.  Punch club is an Interesting, challenging, and tedious at times, game.  Really enjoyed it though and loved the style, music, 80s references, and humor.  Good stuff good story."
76561198158152296,Recommended,394310,20650897,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Rocket Coony,"Punch Club is honestly the best indie game in 2016 so far. With all the ridiculous references such as the A-Team van and underground ninja crocodiles, its hard to stop playing. The perk tree is very well constructed and the game really makes you think before you invest your points. The fights are fun and there are many sidequests that you can choose whether or not to do (I recommend all of them). If your looking for a cheap game to spend many hours on I recommend Punch Club, you won't regret it."
76561198135512349,Not Recommended,394310,26468341,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Maklaya,First 66 minutes made me feel as if I was Rocky. Then I got hungry and had to deliver pizza.
,Recommended,394310,23661660,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,tuxedojack,"The most fun I've had with a Simulation game since Game Dev Tycoon. The nostalgic easter eggs are incredible and I've yet to bore with this game, it keeps expanding and becoming bigger. If the first hour seems overwhelming, stick with it, it evens out after that, and lets you play at your own pace. I dig it."
,Recommended,394310,23843025,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,speedydiq+,For the price its a must buy! Refreshing and different.
,Recommended,394310,23780753,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Knuckles,"Pros:Awesome type of fighter RPGFeels kinda like a dating simAfter you cap level 4 on a skill and save it with the skill game gets easyRambo references.Retro style buttonEasy Click N' Play  I literally played this game laying down with a wireless mouse for 3 hours.You can do so many small random things like pet a cat :DYou go from a normal fighter to a hero who fights weird animal people.Cons:Hard as crap to win fights early in gameCant customize your fighter, would be niceCant drive the van in your garage so you have to either walk/ pay for bus ticket"
76561198062959346,Recommended,394310,21525615,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,sellers297,11/10Would beat up Ninja Crocs again.
76561198071888786,Recommended,394310,23716584,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,kungfugripe,"Really one of the best games I've played in recent history. The story may be a little cluttered and sometimes the combat feels a touch too random and non-reflective of the time spent grinding out higher stats, this game is a true gem supplying hours of fun and originality with tongue and cheek humor scattered throughout the dialogue, this game is worth the price."
76561198128603442,Recommended,394310,21087012,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,emre.sayin,The game is unique in many ways. Fight / boxing management is a rare genre. Game also have a story and keeps changing your challenges so you dont get bored easily as like  in many management games.Congrats to developers! Two thumbs Up
76561198065223079,Recommended,394310,26438367,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Afro,"I take back my last review, this game is awesome. Im glad i bought it with the ost and the artwork because the music is absolutely amazing. Great buy for the price and I was lucky to caught it on a sale."
76561198205694228,Not Recommended,394310,28614956,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,IT'S FREE RELISTATE,Got too bored and tired to finish this game. But what i really didnt like is that there isn't multiplayer.
76561198196283662,Not Recommended,394310,25004101,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,DrPhilsCharisma,"FINALLY, THE WAIT IS OVER --You embark upon an epic storyline of playing the typical broke gym♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag!Spend countless hours doing repetitive workouts while jackhammering concrete so you don't starve."
76561198006102924,Not Recommended,394310,22328290,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Violent Husband,"Well I have played this game through twice. It is ok from the most part. But when push comes to shove it is the most repetitive game you will ever play. The end is EXTREMELY unrewarding.They will tell you it is awesome how it can sync with your phone, what they wont tell you is you actually need to buy a copy on both steam and andriod.... really guys 15$ is toooooo much for this crap."
,Recommended,394310,21733055,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,T. Silva,Seriously addictive.
,Recommended,394310,21731219,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,SeNNz0r Skinup.gg,It is a very cool game
76561198058778206,Recommended,394310,21732401,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,minerdg,Very good game!
,Recommended,394310,21737441,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pixl Glitch,THIS GAME IS FREAKING AMZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUY IT NOW I SAIS NOW JUST DO IT
,Recommended,394310,21729964,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Diabolical_Jazz,"I'm going to tentatively thumbs-up this one. It has great basic mechanics and is really well put-together. I thought I would really hate that you don't get to actively control the character during fights, but it's actually still pretty fun. You get to chose which moves they use during each round, and there's strong strategic elements to it.The game's main flaw is that it is really, really difficult. Frustratingly so. I get that they wanted to provide a challenge, but it ends up being more frustrating than fun most of the time, for me. Each day you lose stats, and it really just feels like you're being robbed. You have to manage your time carefully to make any progress at all, and if you fail, then your character slowly spirals into decay. Also, the matches can't be skipped, sped up, or forfeited by any means that I'm aware of, which sucks when you are slowly losing over the course of five rounds.tl;dr: Great game, but too frustrating. Needs lower difficulty option."
,Recommended,394310,21732107,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Gbane,The struggles of everyday life.-Wake up-Work out-Go to work-Go to gym-Fight people-Buy food-Go to sleep-Repeat
76561198010232316,Recommended,394310,21730973,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,CG|Fiara,"The story line is easy to follow, and there's quite a few references to popular movies in the game. I played through it in a week or so, but there's a few paths to follow, so the replay value is there as well. The only thing I don't like is that there's really only one talent tree that works well, so when you do replay the game, you'll end up taking the same talents because you'll get too frustrated with the other trees not working at all."
76561198123215046,Recommended,394310,30757604,Posted: 26 March,all,BASHER_450,Best game
,Recommended,394310,34564548,Posted: 28 August,all,Ergodicity,Game pisses me off. Don't buy gym equipment. You'll just get robbed 70 ♥♥♥♥ing times. Don't train because you'll be too hungery. Don't save money to buy food because you'll get robbed. Just shut the game off and move on.
,Recommended,394310,21061898,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,A Dick Vein,Awesome game
,Recommended,394310,20689585,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,yalcomania,Gerçekten çok güzel bir oyun.  Kaynak yönetimi stratejisi sevenlere hararetle öneririm.
,Recommended,394310,20573793,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,RocknRolla,Oldukça zevkli
76561198314486277,Recommended,394310,31769617,Posted: 15 May,all,Wat'?,My game crashes after 2 intros or crashes first second i open the game.I want this game so much for 2 years but i am feeling really sad and i can't find any help.I refund game and then bought again but..no..I am so sad.I try to start game for 51 minutes....But if you can open this game pls bought.This is the best game ever made
,Recommended,394310,24371810,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,uncolober,"I thought it would get old real quick, but it didn't. Playable and lovable all around. No memes. 80s aesthetics are occasionally in-your-face, like the fun but slightly out of the blue superhero stuff*, but in the majority of cases are mostly spot on. Gameplay (resource management where you juggle three boxing stats, money and time) is clever and well-designed.Good stuff.* apparently it was free DLC, so it makes some sense that it feels a bit extraneous, I guess."
,Recommended,394310,24382659,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,JEFFERSON,"This is so much fun and addicting, buy it"
,Recommended,394310,24696153,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Thraco,More Easter Eggs than anything else I've ever played.
,Recommended,394310,23967401,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[VF] Omniscient Walrus,Punch/10
76561197993407943,Recommended,394310,24465289,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Pros:-Fun retro style. If you grew up in the U.S. in the early 90's, you'll get every reference-Addictive cycle of train-fight-rest-repeat-Pokemon-like appeal of throwing your fighter into a ring and seeing how he does-Lots of varied, fun stuff to do... at firstCons:-Needless stat degradation that makes the game unnecessarily grindy-Some bad translations (English is obviously not the devs' native language)-Late game becomes tedious-One of the worst endings I've ever experienced-Little explanation of what the behind-the-scenes stats are doing during fightsSummary: For the price, it's a great game. If the developers make a sequel, I hope they eliminate (or at least reduce) the stat degradation as well as make the late game more interesting. About midway through, it becomes a linear race to the end as opposed to a semi-open world to explore."
,Recommended,394310,24375102,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,If My 🅿🅾cket H🅰d Moneys,"Game is fun but in the same time this game is waste of time toobecause decay nonsense status system, every each days your status will get decay so you have to train hard to keep it up but you really can't do that, you have to do a jobs collect money for living you have to manage your life timeYea it's fun but is really waste of time, your status get decay every single days and you have to train againThis game is not a lot of content in there but DEV there design game that you have to spend a lot of time to end this game with do the same thing again again and againand about fight system some time is pisss me off becuase my character is not attack stand in the fight and got hit like idiot you need Luck in the fight you can't controll anything is up to chance skill you choose if you have luck your character will hit fast like sonic but if you don't your character just stand like idiotI love train hard game building my character stronger and stronger I love boxing so I recomend this but you have to waste your time a lot for this game with a same content job>train>fight>lose>train more>hungry>no money>job>no energy>sleep over and over again"
76561198008191469,Recommended,394310,24531149,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bartender Jones,"Absolutely loved it.A few people seem to be hating, but keep in mind it's actually a mobile game.Well worth the price tag."
76561198260105247,Recommended,394310,24655884,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,report me,ehhhhhhhhhhhh its okkkk
,Recommended,394310,20452553,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Devnant,"Game is cool, but mechanics are a bit broken. Agility is just too powerfull and all other builds seem lacking in comparison. There are also very few music tracks. That said, I've had my share of fun.Note: the devs are addressing fast some of the most common critics, trying to reduce the grinding process to get skillpoints and making easier to get fame at the end stage, so I'm changing my review to positive."
76561198076340284,Recommended,394310,23839612,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Belobiz,"This is a nice, retro style, game. You manage a lot of life aspects while trying to build your character as a fighter.With the super hero pack will make you laugh even more with a pinch of sarcasm and humor I'm enjoying this 'little game'Excellent price/quality racio."
76561198034613083,Recommended,394310,23852617,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SekRanger,"Playing this game is like you are riding Enterprise space ship.It can leads you through hyperspace speed. ""Just one more fight"" ... you keep lying to yourself."
76561198097485041,Recommended,394310,23941349,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,itsMindless,"I see alot of bad reviews for this game, and i gotta say that giving a game a bad review because it was too hard for you is so stupid I cant put it in words. I NEVER write reviews, but all these bad reviews made me feel like I had to chip in.Yes, the game is hard and you will probably mess up your time management and training schedule the first time around.Yes, stats decay (this actually ends up forcing you to concentrate on only specific stats, and it works really well. I never streamlined a build so much before this game).But this game is genuinely fun. For example: I hate not controlling my character in a fight, but this game presented in a way that I actually enjoyed. I dont enjoy many time management games and didnt understand how heavily time-management influenced gameplay. I still love this game, Its great.Dont listen to these reviewers who are mad that the game isn't easier. After your grind to make your character stronger and you beat a tough match you feel genuinely satisfied. Definetly pick this game up before the Summer Sale ends."
76561198039479105,Recommended,394310,23971995,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Tirasangue,>Opened Game>Decided to walk to a new job opportunity>Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a guy with a baseball>Closed Game10/10 would and WILL get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by guy with baseball again
76561197962779060,Recommended,394310,24567284,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,MegamanX,"A classic, brings the nastalgia of great action movies.   And the twists are great :)"
,Recommended,394310,23931574,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LionHeart7115,it reminds me of Rocky
76561198187848693,Recommended,394310,23865773,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,McWahm,By drinking pizza and eating coffee I was able to stay awake and party for 10 days straight.Don't be like me kids.9.25/10
,Recommended,394310,24303951,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Riza,The Game overall is decent. I love managment games done right and this was no exception.The Cons of this game where very few for example. The combat style is based on a game of dice. And when I got punch club I also got the Dark Fist extension pak. But for some reason After going Pro I lost the content progrssion of it. The pros of the game is in the experiance. You choose your fighting style and how you want to progress. Yes it will feel Grindy during your Rookie and especially your Pro circut bouts but it's all worth it with the rich story and chalk full of refrences. The ending is spectacular and could definitly be a to-be-continued kind of ending. And I am hoping to get my hands on the next installment of Punch Club.
,Recommended,394310,24228524,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Akis,"I'm past halfway (10h) into this game and loving it. The mechanics are nice, the music makes me wanna buy the OST, the graphics.. Well the graphics are excellent and in tune with the whole retro feel of the game.I didn't expect it to have a story at all but I was totally wrong. Ok, it's not as rich as in an adventure game, but serves the purpose of the game greatly!!All this topped with a great sense of humor :DA true gem!"
76561198043206402,Recommended,394310,23887496,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jubanen,"Buy the game if you are ok with it being kinda short and  having low replay value.Short list of pros, consPros:-good music-nice variety of different martial arts skills-funny story-great graphics (or not if you arent fan of snes era graphics)Cons:-gets kinda repetative..-.. though its so short it hardly matters-You can make TOTALLY OP fighters that have no chance of losing a fight (my bear style fighter bummels any opponent to submission in few hits... only rarely the fights go to 2nd round)"
76561197986375480,Recommended,394310,23933001,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,𝐄𝐁𝐄𝐋𝐓𝐎𝐅𝐓,when I started I could not stop before I knew the end
76561198066233549,Recommended,394310,24284975,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Vollminator_,Punch Club was a game I never thought I would enjoy but I have beaten the game twice with two seperate play styles and about to start my third run. This game is fantastic and it continues to show how talented indie devs can be. It's good simple fun but I am at the edge of my seat during every fight. I happily reccomend it.
76561198064974898,Recommended,394310,24413265,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ayşecan Nezihi,"A bit too grindy at times, yet great story blended with lots of funny 1980's nostalgia (TNMT, Mortal Kombat, Alien vs Predator, Rocky movies, Robocop). If you are above 30 years old, you will love the references.Cons:- Too grindy at times- Pixel graphics if you are not a fan- Music gets a bit annoyingPros:- No bugs whatsoever- 80's nostalgia very well implemented- 1980's amiga games like storyline, naive yet keeps you interested at all times.- Different builds (yet I suggest you go way of the bear)- Variety: there is always something different you can do.Overall 7/10"
,Recommended,394310,24430169,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,axellvac,Good
76561197960381398,Recommended,394310,24550648,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,PomPom,"Yes, when there is a fight you just stay there watching and praying. Yes there is glitches. For me the main issue was the lack of deep information about game mechanics. Does *this* stack ? When does *this* exactly trigger ? What exactly does this perk. etc.Still this little game is very addictive, awesome musics & retro graphics. Lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,394310,24552897,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RatGod,this game need a sequeal!
,Not Recommended,394310,21091666,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Salem5,Pretty meh after the first hour.
,Not Recommended,394310,21152292,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bababooey,"Played for 3 hours, ran out of energy, clicked on my house to go rest. Click event wouldn't register so couldn't go to my house. Clicked save and quit. Click event wouldn't register so couldn't save and quit. Lost 3 hours of progress.10/10 - IGN"
76561198089110753,Not Recommended,394310,28086027,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,elmanisero777,"I really wish I could recommend this game.  But I simply cannot, for several reasons.  But let's start with the good.  If you wanted a silly, well drawn, cathartic beat 'em up game, I've got good news - most of that is applicable here.  Beating someone in a match is pretty cathartic and the plot at times can be pretty funny.  But then there are the problems.  First of all this is less of a beat 'em up game as it is a beat 'em upmanagementgame.  While this didn't seem so bad at first (even though I felt a little gipped that I wasn't controlling the player in match), the end game was practically unbearable.Secondly, and relatedly, the game just drags on you over and over.  The central idea is smart - train, get stronger, and learn cool moves.  But eventually it just becomes a chore, with little pay-off.Thirdly, there were a couple bugs that made the game just a bit more annoying - for example, when I was working out, paused and minimized to do something else, and then reentered the game, I couldn't switch to another workout, and had to finish that particular workout until the game made me quit that one from exhaustion.  Instead I had to save and exit, and reenter the game.  There were other minor bugs, and they were minor, but it didn't help the irritation of the unbearable endgame.Finally, even though I at times thought the plot was filled with levity and a bit fun, in retrospect, it just seems rushed.  Like they threw all their fun half-baked ideas together and then forgot to turn on the oven.  And then the finale, wherethe man in black is just like ""hey im your dad, the end"",just ugh with a side of extra ugh.  I was thinking of replaying the game with a different specialization, but not anymore.  So this game has a whole lot of potential, even as a management game, but isn't all the way there."
,Recommended,394310,20761454,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Saitama,"At first I thought this was a street fighter sim. I was wrong.PUNCH CLUB IS LIFE.AFTER BEATING THE GAME, I HAVE TO RELIVE MY CHARACTERS TRAINING REGIMENT. TIME TO FIGHT."
,Recommended,394310,20769396,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Борис Горбачёв,is good :) i like vry much russia we fight lot and this game good for boris to fighting people :)
76561198273494687,Recommended,394310,20771490,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,turtlethewise,"Good game. Two entirely different ways to go. At least 30 hours of content,"
76561198256548888,Recommended,394310,20780750,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,akshay2003achari,i love this game played few hours then something happened when i clicked play it wouldn't open the game can someone help with this problem
76561198054435150,Recommended,394310,20760816,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Boosheyan[BICHSQUAD],"Very attractive,  catchy. nice combination of rpg, quest and management. when started too hard to stop"
76561198160792716,Recommended,394310,20779152,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,tyler.coombs,Think its a pretty good game
76561198263708148,Recommended,394310,29616958,Posted: 31 January,all,Worm_Your_Honor,This is a good game it is very entertaining. If u r looking for somthing cool and pixelated get it
,Recommended,394310,31194169,Posted: 17 April,all,strizzuth,Fun if you like virtual pets.
,Recommended,394310,23804358,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,M!L4N,Ein cooles Aufbau-boxing Spiel mit wirklich geilem Soundtrack. Story ist auch sehr gut.Jedoch sollte man in den Kämpfen selber kämpfen können würde einfach mehr Spannung erzeugen.
,Recommended,394310,34971575,Posted: 15 September,all,Boy,"I love dis game hehehehe very fun I wuv it very much and it was veyr enoyable, plz play I love it"
,Recommended,394310,31646677,Posted: 9 May,all,Alcobia.80.PT,Old School pixel graphics fight manager with rpg elements. Very nice
,Recommended,394310,31640119,Posted: 8 May,all,Astrem.,"I enjoyed the story, the winks on popular headlines and personalities, the different ways in history and builds. This game impressed me. I took the time to complete the 47 achievements in 54 hours of play. Thumbs up"
,Recommended,394310,21740598,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nano,Don't ever eat pizza with special spices.
,Not Recommended,394310,34636522,Posted: 31 August,all,joeyk86,"I think the concept is interesting but it falls short as it takes too much grinding and repetition (to gain skill points to level up).I enjoyed the concept, whereby it is a RPG/ tactical game ie you get to level up your skills and when it comes to fighting, you pick the moves that you want against each opponent. As you progress in the game, you meet new people and expand the other NPCs involved in the game. Having said that, each of them will only serve one purpose/quest and thats pretty much it.The downside is that to fight the opponents, you really need to up your skills. To gain a new skill you need skill points. To gain skill points you need to spar (training) or win fights. Sometimes, you will stumble or be stucked at a certain opponent whereby it is difficult to get through without gaining new skills, BUT in order to gain new skills (fast), you need to fight these unbeatable opponents. This is where it gets frustrating. You have to grind and grind, doing the same dull thing, over and over. Because of that, I DO NOT recommend the game."
,Recommended,394310,29314629,Posted: 17 January,all,Fox,"Repetitive, farming is way to hard"
,Recommended,394310,23905041,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tactrix,"Great game, I highly recommend it to everyone who enjoyed the oldschool NES power up and fight games."
76561198161727612,Recommended,394310,26568056,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SaintPhillip,..Just Wow-I was expecting a shallow experience  and that isnt whats here.fantastic game with strategy/time managment and a throwback to the SNES days .Dont know what else to say except I loved this game and almost didnt buy it because people were ♥♥♥♥♥ing about stat loss when in reality thestat loss and balance works really well.Cannot wait for part 2.
76561198125673861,Recommended,394310,26574136,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Federski,Good game
,Recommended,394310,33844324,Posted: 27 July,all,tact,I liked it.
,Not Recommended,394310,23741757,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Wormoxide,GraphicsRetro ModeAudioSparseMusicOne annoying trackControlsLeft mouse buttonMechanicsDreadful. This game has worse micromanagement than the Sims series.  If that was not bad enough your progress in stats is also randomly rolled back daily.StoryThe plot from Daredevil?DifficultyThe tedium of keeping stats in check.ReplayabilityNo thanks.FunFor the first thirty minutes and then you realize it is a micromanagement RNG demon spawn.
,Not Recommended,394310,20410634,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Khaos (S'A),"Don't waste your time. Look at my library, look at all the garbage games in it. Look at how often I DON'T REFUND THINGS. This game is SUCH trash that I will refund it IMMEDIATELY. It's boring, unbalanced, and overall pointless. It has some lame attempts at nostalgia, but that's it. Punish these devs for making something this awful.Sim games aren't everybody's cup of tea, and I know that, but when your character's hunger meter goes down by LEAPS and BOUNDS and the return you get from it is one or two pixels of groth, you're doing something wrong. Do not play...just...walk away."
,Recommended,394310,22987834,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MjeeD,اللعبة ممتعة ورائعة ولاكن قصيرة  وبعد ماتخلص القصة مافي شي تسويه في اللعبةولاكن كانت تجربه جديدة ومميزه10/10
,Recommended,394310,21679489,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,toNziNN  -トン-,Good indie! Fun for hours!  Build your fighter and go for broke!
76561198015020458,Recommended,394310,20470465,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Madness,"1st RULE: You do not talk about PUNCH CLUB.2nd RULE: You DO NOT talk about PUNCH CLUB.3rd RULE: If someone says ""stop"" or goes limp, taps out the fight is over.4th RULE: Only two guys to a fight.5th RULE: One fight at a time.6th RULE: No shirts, no shoes.7th RULE: Fights will go on as long as they have to.8th RULE: If this is your first night at PUNCH CLUB, you HAVE to fight.100% would punch again!"
76561198101061114,Recommended,394310,30699095,Posted: 23 March,all,Ergokira,Awesome game!!!! This game is not for fat people that does not understand how is a traing life. But if you like to train and RPG games you will love it
76561198014875753,Not Recommended,394310,29747626,Posted: 6 February,all,Roi Heenok,don't buy this
,Recommended,394310,21692591,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,-Sexylegs.,"i had to task manager close it because i couldn't save.i couldn't save because you can't save on the job screen.my job screen froze.i couldn't click anything to get out of the screen.other than that, great game."
,Recommended,394310,21719535,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CancoZ,Epic Game!
,Recommended,394310,21726302,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,rekt,11/10
76561198078631645,Recommended,394310,26272069,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,rjg31,good punching
,Not Recommended,394310,20490649,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,kg-am,"В целом игра не плохая, стильная, но обсолютно пустая трата времени. Играл 4 часа к ряду и почти ничего не достиг в игре, баланс игровой механики настолько затянут, что бороться с игрой просто устаешь. Постоянно тратишь деньги на еду, каждый новый день сбрасывает лютое количество достигнутых очков, на тренировку почти ничего не остается. Очень затянули."
,Not Recommended,394310,20517073,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,wakinafuf,"since the last update, i can't talk with mick and thus i'm UNABLE to progress in the game !!!♥♥♥♥ YOU DEVS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!this review will not change until the game works properlysteam greenlits really any kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥............."
76561198040139726,Recommended,394310,20412842,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Midiamp,"Expecting a simple one hour tap fest or a stupid upgrade game? NO! This is a deep game with branching skill path and actually a complex balancing act of stats and time management. You work for money, to pay your training, to develop your skills which lost over time if you're not keeping it up... Oh and the story... Oh. My. Dog. The story is awesome! There's a sense of purpose and it gets deep... Deeper than any mom's butt print on an old sofa cushion.Worth. The. Damn. Wait."
76561198095387594,Not Recommended,394310,20511104,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,rightlinear,"A horrible waste of an hour. Most of the game consists of watching bars on the screen in- or decrease and if you are not careful, you can lose by simply runnig out of money and food at the same time."
76561198023787904,Not Recommended,394310,26435813,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Durabo,"The core game play loop becomes tedious, and the combat is poor - you select skills then it basically auto completes. The stat decay is huge, so your training (which again is a case of click and forget) is tedious, and loosing a huge chunk of it every day is very annoying. The games aesthetic is great, and kept me hooked for a while, but the core of any game - its gameplay - is the problem here. Repetitive, punishing, avoid."
76561198007378890,Recommended,394310,21671251,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Schrödinger,"Game tries to allow you 3 combat styles but fails to balance them. If your style just ""happens"" to be unoptimised, then you'll need to grind to finish the game. This is extremely fustrating.51/100"
76561198107248813,Recommended,394310,21713707,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Nano,It was fun to play!!
,Recommended,394310,21718317,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Italow,Get all the References Simulator 20168.5/10
,Recommended,394310,24970915,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ZippoSnipe,gGFDgDG
76561198057133203,Recommended,394310,20654420,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,tripleG (Hide the pain...),10/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,394310,20611567,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,chiggerwood,"An unbalanced mess.I started this game with high hopes, but those hopes were drop kicked into the pits of hell within half an hour. Here's my expierence.I got saddled with a dodge and a kick which drain your stamina and are virtually useless. You are not provided in any way shape or form the very basics of fighting. You have to buy the ability to block and punch. I'M NOT JOKING! The ability to block and punch was barred from me, saddling me with two useless abilties that drained my stamina so much that me winning a fight was pure ♥♥♥♥ing luck. The fights are a broken mess where I got trounced by a fighter despite thje fact that my stats were 3 times higher than his, because of the kick and dodge. The leveling system makes it nothing more than a tedious grind to get the most basic of techniques due to the fact that everything becomes grossly expensive at an alarming rate. Not to mention that you only have 2 ability slots and you are forced to fight characters with 4. This game is an unbalanced, frustrating, tedious grind, so in conclusion the developers of this game can shove it firmly up there♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198078634894,Recommended,394310,21717118,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,rykerjay,is good
,Recommended,394310,21720143,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,popscotch112,good
76561198093785343,Not Recommended,394310,20616381,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Beefartist989,"I had a lot of fun with this game at first and LOVED how it was dripping with references, but if the boxing matches in your boxing game are the worst part about your game, how can I say it was a good game.My fighter has stats 5,3,7 respectively. I get in a fight with my friend Roy no less who had stats 4,3,4. I lost the fight, not just lost but had my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. That's not okay; when your fighter COMPLETELY outclasses another you kinda should win. But instead I had my fighter stop attacking the Roy so that he could get his energy back up.....cuz I guess my guy thought it wouldn't be very nice to fight someone when they are out of enerygy?? I had about 40 points worth of Energy but my guy literally just stood there and let Roy get his strength back up to 20 and then just let the guy tear his 102 HP down to zero.I can deal with losing fair and square and I can deal with having some close wins and losses with guys who are closer in stats with me, I can't tolerate that loss though. It was because these garbage developers don't know how to design RNG and I'm done with this crap. Don't play this game"
,Recommended,394310,23854522,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,kamzukowski,"8/10Warning! Highly addictive!Cons:- repeatability of actions- difficulty, tough opponent- shallow gameplay; the story is rather tendentiousPros:- highly addictive- good idea for game- TYCOON :) fans of this type of games will love it- 2D graphics not having high hardware demands- simple game's controls- userfriendly tutorial implemented in gameplay- no bugs or crushes reported by me so far"
,Not Recommended,394310,24562009,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,benki,"Wow... wow... wow...!I got the Android version, which was hugely disappointing and I wanted to see what the PC version is likely. Wow. It is exactly the same. Like staring at a big♥♥♥♥♥tablet, which is kinda cool, except that I feel somewhat cheated, because this version costs twice as much (at the moment you can get the Android version in a Humble Bundle, so you are cheated even more).Seeing these identical version also shows that the developer did not spend one minute optimizing the game for a mobile device, because they thought it's a slow game anyway. Well, wrong, because it does stutter a lot on a quad-core, 3 GB RAM Samsung tablet, so shame on you. I guess you should train more.To throw in some actual points about the game:- No this is not how training works- Robbers don't just rob you because you have 150 bucks on you instead of 100, they cannot just smell it, you know- Thanks for telling me AFTER starting the fight, that my low health affects the fight health as well- No, no this is not how training works- Thanks for suggesting to save for a training set, just so you can tell me that I really shouldn't do it because carrying around so much money only gets me robbed- Thanks for letting me lose against a pitiful opponent just so you can introduce the next game mechanic (doping, grrreat!)- No, no, no, this is not how training worksHere is your next game idea: Fairy Club. You collect fairies (there are three different types) by day and over night some always get away and you have to catch new ones. Then you do battle or some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with these fairies, you can take it from here. No, no, I don't want any royalties for this idea, you need the money more than I do!"
,Recommended,394310,21082827,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Corrin Guardian,this game is awsome its so cool and its like a old game but you dont have to keep paying coins to coutine playing then game. if anyone doesnt like this game your crazy and you need some help!
,Not Recommended,394310,26421976,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DesVoeux,"The charming art direction can't make up for the awful, barely interactive grindfest that makes up the actual ""game""."
76561198334542740,Recommended,394310,26407644,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Living Hell xx,"Its really good game , dont miss out on this deal :)"
76561198039508387,Not Recommended,394310,26453411,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ruc2012,Short review.I got bored very quickly and ended up punchig the refund section harder than this game punches.
76561198044006471,Recommended,394310,21395538,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
76561198147640386,Recommended,394310,30453187,Posted: 11 March,all,Chen,"Well, at least I am are trying to go to the gym someway."
,Recommended,394310,21734645,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,thomasgdl1,*Buys this game**Games goes on sale next day after i spent like 6 hours in the game*Good game doe
76561198130346455,Not Recommended,394310,26458819,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,stgold01,"Crashes all the time.Played for 3h, crashed ~6 times."
,Not Recommended,394310,22386765,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,khunpo,Nice Graphic. Interesting Concept.but VERY BUGGY.I hope they will fix bugs soon.(Windows Version)
,Recommended,394310,24363905,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,7th Grade Piska,Very fun indie game! Highy recommend and will be playing it in the future!
,Recommended,394310,23877188,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hypnot1c,It ıs very good game ı thınk ıt ıs best 2d game
,Recommended,394310,24254490,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hiram with H,chingon
,Not Recommended,394310,30622197,Posted: 19 March,all,Micolash the Slippery One,Punch Club is the simple story of a man who falls in love with people with low stamina since he NEVER DECIDES TO ACTUALLY HIT THEM.RNG is cancer
76561198199410947,Recommended,394310,23057590,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Alex_Yolo_Gr,That was the best mini game i have ever seen
,Recommended,394310,23840197,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Levi Kazama,This game is very fun and has a great replay value! So many different ways to play will never leave you bored.
,Recommended,394310,23852351,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cyn,This Game Was Really Fun To Play But A Bit Grindy10/10 IGN Would R8 Again
,Recommended,394310,23866132,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ThatGuy,Throw on the Rocky Soundtrack and you've got yourself the Rocky game you've always wanted
76561198055028421,Recommended,394310,24251738,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hitler Did Nothing Wrong,10/10 !!!
,Recommended,394310,23848955,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hypnotiix,"It is good, just get to be too much in terms of micromanagement for me near late game."
76561198041657508,Recommended,394310,23130507,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pacman,Very good if you're into grindy type games. This is definitely a game you relax and play when watching youtube or a twitch stream.
76561198122080727,Recommended,394310,24146310,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cris,cool
,Recommended,394310,21745580,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,wurtz memez,What A Nice Game.
,Recommended,394310,20554553,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,RvrZ,Im Addicted like its Wrong XDPunch Club ==> One Punch Clubnais mim
,Recommended,394310,25626992,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mr.Hugh,Great game!
,Recommended,394310,20644491,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Some Legend,"This game is great, but can we all stop talking about it now?"
76561198038811650,Not Recommended,394310,22570432,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Turrican 128,"Lovely game.Nice story, fun to play!But... It keeps crashing on my computer after half an hour or so.That makes it unplayable... at least for me."
76561197964140444,Recommended,394310,29650202,Posted: 2 February,all,DragnDave,Fun game to pass the time.
,Recommended,394310,23591989,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,GodDan,i like it
76561198031828461,Not Recommended,394310,28540320,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,General Profit,Unfortunatly had a serious memory leak from the game which caused it to crash before the tutorial had even finished...Second try and the news paper had seemingly vanished preventing progressRequesting for a refund if underlying issues are resolved may re-purchase
76561198026946492,Not Recommended,394310,20415217,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,sidewinder,"This game looks like a fun retro game paying respect to some great boxing games of the 80's/90's.  Except you don't control any part of the fighting.  That's right, its a click on some buttons to eat food and train.  Then sit back and watch the computer control your character in the fights.  They could have done a lot to make this game fun, they could have made the training a mini game in itself.  But no, just click a button and watch, watch him work, sleep, eat, train and fight.  This game a piece of crap.  If you are looking for an interactive game then steer away from this complete load of rubbish.  I can't believe people are giving this game good marks.  Is this what gaming is being boiled down to, a dumbed down experience where you the player sit back and do nothing at all.  That's not a game.  Time to get a refund"
76561198257909750,Not Recommended,394310,20413011,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ElusiveCurve360,Game is super glichy but is an okay game
76561198043720179,Not Recommended,394310,29923985,Posted: 14 February,all,hunter78,utter garbage. save yourself some time and forget about this game asap.
76561198067722093,Recommended,394310,20516628,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,immott,This game is not like Fight Club or Rocky at all. Except in everyway. 10/10 would yell ADRIAN again.
76561198196884525,Recommended,394310,33693055,Posted: 21 July,all,Jakefair,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,394310,20434520,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Akumetsu,"""100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, and a 10km run EVERY SINGLE DAY!!!""If you really want to become strong, stop caring about what others think about you. Living your life has nothing to do with what others think.""If the heroes run and hide, who will stay and fight?"""
76561197991588252,Recommended,394310,20414622,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,a tomato,"10/11 this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazeballs, from the soundtrack to the story10/11 crocodile hunter10/11 beer and pizza with roy100% buy this game10/11 cat when your on potions is superb (your a mouse arnt you)also 10/11 for this game not being forgiving, actually a challenge!"
,Not Recommended,394310,20461159,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Areola Grande,"I wanted to enjoy this game.  I liked it initially, the environments were beautiful, the needs management seemed like it'd be a fun side activity, dialogue seemed interesting.  Unfortunately, from the first fight onwards it's been pretty disappointing.Each fight consists of picking some moves and watching mostly the same animations while the RNG does everything.  Yes, I'm aware it's a management game, but that doesn't mean there can't be some interactivity in the fights.  When you're not fighting (which is actually most of the time), you'll be constantly taking care of your fighter's needs.  The main needs are eating, sleeping, keeping your mood up, and training.  However, tending to these needs gets so costly that you begin to constantly cycle between working jobs (to get more money) and needs management (to be able to go back to work).I ended up refunding.  Not because of the tedious grind that is managing your needs (devs can always patch that to make needs drain less quickly), but because the actual fights are not remotely fun.  That's a problem with the core of the game, not just a single mechanic."
76561198278500188,Recommended,394310,23845236,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ขนมไข่,เกมทำออกมาได้คลาสสิกดีครับช่วงกลางเกมจะเล่นค่อนข้างยากเพราะตัวเราเองจะต้องเจอกับศัตรุที่มีสกิลเวอะกว่าค่อนข้างมากโดยรวมแล้วซื้อมาเล่นฆ่าเวลาได้สนุกดีครับ
76561197961196496,Not Recommended,394310,20460919,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,coordi,"I am a management game fanatic.  I seek out odd tycoon type games any chance I can get.  I was pretty excited to try this game out as it looked very promising and had a reasonable price.  The gameplay is very repetitive.  You will work, buy food, workout, eat, sleep.  Over and over again.  There is no variation to the gameplay.  No curveballs get thrown at you.  You don't unlock any sort of mechanics or anything to progress the gameplay as the game goes on.  The story is terrible.  All of the charachters are blatantly ripped off from various games.  So ripped off I would guess there is grounds for a lawsuit against this game.  The story is a patchwork of different fighting movies as well.  There are also a ton of typos and errors like this was rushed out even though there was no demand for it to be rushed.  The final slap in the face is the ending, which is so abrupt and poorly paced that I spend 10 minutes trying to figure out if I did something wrong.  No, I didn't do anything wrong, the game just sucks."
76561198023855895,Not Recommended,394310,20596712,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DayCraig,"Punch Robbers, Full of chesters"
76561198017008561,Not Recommended,394310,20599070,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,El Spades,Dem stats
76561198313430723,Not Recommended,394310,32193472,Posted: 5 June,all,Alex,GO DIE IN A FIRE
76561198147942799,Not Recommended,394310,20774234,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,randallmango,ive been playing this game for like a month like 24/7 a day and now i cant play cause a stupid bug happened
,Recommended,394310,20410259,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,"Damkyan ""Omega""",you missedyou missedyou missedyou missedyou caused 1 damageyou lost all your enduranceyou received a f***ton of damageyou passed outyou ate meatyou sleptrinse repeat10/10
,Not Recommended,394310,23850094,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SpitefulFox,"It's like an Idle Game that you actually had to pay money for.  Waste your time watching progress bars fill up, and then click around to fill up different progress bars.  But don't get too complacent, because some progress bars empty out the other progress bars.  Also if you progress bar too hard, psychic criminals will KNOW you have money and come to take it from you with their Random Number God powers.Also waste your in-game money and time on inane cutscenes about a briefcase."
76561198076746999,Recommended,394310,21719883,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,The Catholic Review,Like Rocky in pixels.
,Recommended,394310,20424809,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,bilzander,Its a great game. Its may look bland. Its like FTL but aloottttttttt better :D
76561198063484267,Recommended,394310,32327400,Posted: 10 June,all,meh,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) is good man
,Not Recommended,394310,26449438,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tar-Tar,"Punch Club is a great game, the problem is that it's to hard to get money and train in the same time.And sometime it became hard..."
,Not Recommended,394310,26459529,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Vecchio,"Got boring after 15 minuts of gameplay. Soundtrack is not pleasant to hear at all, and battle system is dull."
,Recommended,394310,24238432,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vertibird,"Just remember, No Pain No Gain!"
76561198191188130,Recommended,394310,23872879,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,{yolo.39],"Great game that gets you hooked, thats all I can say good job."
,Recommended,394310,24243388,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/TripleTeamGaming2,This Game Is Very Good To Play when its rainging outside and is morning time and with coffee it was an amazing game to record this is my video i recorded >https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZuo5zWHIeU
,Not Recommended,394310,21183068,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Zrekan,Video Review:https://youtu.be/uVR6P-EGUkcSummary:A game with a good aesthetic and theme but not much else.The Good:+ Presentation+ Music & Sound+ StoryThe Bad:- Length- Grind- Little gameplay- Repetitive
,Recommended,394310,25265349,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Machsim,The best game ever made!
76561198042913113,Recommended,394310,20429333,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,caidicus,"Wow, 5 hours in my first sitting. My neck hurts from sitting in an ""I'm only going to play this for a few minutes before bed"" position and then getting sucked into it.10/10 would get neck strain again."
,Not Recommended,394310,26463240,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"Instead of a soap there is a bottle cap there.The first rule about the punch club is;You only talk about the punch club retroismThe second rule about the punch club is;You only talk about the punch club retroism3rd Rule;If your body says ''stop'' or goes hungry, lays down, the day is over.4th rule;Only two days to a fight.5th rule;Thousands stats decays at a turn(even when you're actually working the stats)6th rule;No clarification, no knowledge about right tech tree.7th rule;Fights will go on as long as your stats decay says so.8th rule;If this is your first time to get exploited by unscrupulous ''balance'' you have to fight on ''Suuuuper'' Easy.You will stagger at some point. I think the devs do like that to extend game's life span. Its fun, its cool, but the lack of neutral scores does that. Send the complain to Valve."
,Recommended,394310,20474199,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ichmag,Key to success: #dodge #unstop #rest #throat
,Recommended,394310,20413188,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Julianus Vatinius,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,394310,20416428,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,LordYabo,"Great, tight, gameplay.  Love the art style and music.This RPG management game is the very definition of what is awesome about indie devs.Eat meat. Punch a crocodile. Train in a gym. Fall in love. Fight a bear. Star in a movie.It's weird in all the right ways.  It continually surprised me, made me laugh, and sucked me so i had to see how it all ended!I won: 203 days 4/19/10."
,Recommended,394310,20415702,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MilkDunkenOreos,"I'm really enjoying this game. I like the fact you have to work, train, fight etc. to be able to ""survive"" these types of games are realy enjoyable for me."
,Not Recommended,394310,26413383,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LewdGeek©,"On my first try of this game it's look good but some little problem make it annoying like the text that goes too fast so you don't have time to read, again they should have do a click to go to the next dialogue but they don't. and Another bad thing is that when you put your mouse on something it not showing you what is it, some of it doing it but some other stuff don't and they didn't put a Tutorial to show you what is what, so you have to gues what are those things on your own.So in resume here are my note.Soundtrack: 9/10Gameplay: 5/10Graphics (Retro On): 10/10Graphics: 7/10More to come I only have play 10 minutes So I will do an Update. For now I will put a No because I want the Dev team to see my complaint in the first text but IT'S A YES."
,Recommended,394310,25611589,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,<ZackleR>Jfkthethird/KurmaMutton,very punchy
76561198012445229,Recommended,394310,23827030,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,brdani13,"This game is absolutely amazing, hands down!"
76561197960344344,Recommended,394310,23834315,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,coltos,"Great visuals, great gameplay, the story is really meh, but I would buy it again at full price... oh wait, I did not, but I would... nevermind... :D"
,Recommended,394310,23830753,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,☁Dem0lag☁,My Muscles are grow fast than my real life.
,Recommended,394310,20417677,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,5 ping,"Very fun game.  There are a few things i do not like about this game, for example the ""days"" doesn't progress unless you do something like work or train etc. I wish the game ""days"" would progress without doing anything? I feel the game is a litte to much ""slow"" paced cause of this.Another thing i found is very annoying in this game is if i play the game on windows the save game progress doesnt get saved or synced with the mac version, so I can´t play between two computers and have the same save file apperantly..  Not a big problem, just annoying....Also it seems like 32 is the maximum limit for Stamina, Strenght and Agility. I wish it would go higher.. At least to 100 maybe? 32 just seems so random tbh´....And it would be awesome if it would be possible to Increase these to over 100% Health, food, mood, energy.When you meet ""Din Kong"", things start to get a bit to much repetitive... You talk to Kong and do ""career"". There you get 3 available actions to choose (+ some upgrades you can buy, wich are pretty much almost pointless) so you can get Fame to organize the next fight.. I've gotten to the point were i am wondering, is this ever going to END?? What i find boring and repetitive about this career thing is you have to fight all this ninjas or ""throw a party"" to organize the next fight with and actual oponent. You have to fight at least a minimum of 12+ ninjas everytime to start a new fight.. This gets way to boring in the lenght and you only get 500+ fame after fighting all those random ninjas. They are even called Ninja 1, ninja 2 and so on......... All im saying is, i wish this could have been made a little faster since now i find it very boring cause of this, but i completed it:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=598238341Otherwise a great game worth the price it costs. This game have potential to become better tough. :D Would be awesome with multplayer for instance :) The story was a little short, i completed the game at 94 days."
,Recommended,394310,23061196,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,XeeX,I am your father!
,Recommended,394310,20488871,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,It's a great fight and management sim with decent storyline along the way.
,Recommended,394310,20419510,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,warmus,Pretty hard and grindy. If you like games similar to the kairosoft games on the mobile you will like this.
,Recommended,394310,20418866,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,him,GOING TO BE SAITAMAA!!!LOVE THIS GAME VERY MUCH!!
,Recommended,394310,20416321,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,dead kids on layby,got to beat up a crocodile because he wouldnt give me pizza money10/10 would steve irwin simulator againyou gotta grind but not as hard as you do in runescape
,Not Recommended,394310,26404661,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jakub1838,"I love every game from tinybuild angel wings. Every game gived me unforgatable gaming experience. When i saw this game i was expecting figthing old scholl game.Well. I hitted that wall too hardThis game wasnt that what i expected. We cant control our fighter in fights only we can give him commands that will he repeat. But i sayed "" Hey i could handle that"". After some time i enjoyed fighting and grinding for 30 min. After that i was getting bored. Game was harder. I was getting robbed then after time i runed off a food. I just cant go to job because my character was too much tired. My character started to lose his level. In this game you must to.go to job every daygo on gym every 2 dayseatand sleepit just turned grinding. I didnt heave so much fun. I could just make a aplication that will just press buttons for me.I just felted like robot.This game is a lot harder than you expect and is unfair.game was too hard 4 me. This game is nice in graphic way but gameplay just sucks.5/10"
,Recommended,394310,20410695,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,「SUNBOAT」,"Punchclub may seem hard at times.But you must stay strong and find a strategy.Train all day, everyday.Become Strong.Become strong for mom, for dad, for your brother, and for the police officer that raised you.You will succeed, and will win.For dad."
,Recommended,394310,20412267,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Weeaboo,add multiplayer mode pls
,Recommended,394310,20416512,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,dud,CRISS C'EST QUOI L'OSTI DE♥♥♥♥♥♥AVEC LA TABARNAK DE RIPOSTE!?!?!?
,Not Recommended,394310,26425135,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Neurotic Bassist,Boring.
,Recommended,394310,23851312,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,KiwiSmurf,tis quite good
,Not Recommended,394310,20519133,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Geofferic,"This game is not fun.  It looks great, it has great story elements, and the subject is ripe for fun.But this game is not fun.  This game is the grindiest game that ever got ground.This game is meant for MMORPG players who felt that there just wasn't enough grinding.This game desperately needs to be on Facebook with microtransactions, because the only way to make this bearable is if one can just finally give in and pay 10 dollars to move forward in the damned game.Don't let the game's skill tree and the fighting manual and the tips when you first start lie to you: only stamina is important.  Are you a strength based fighter with 8/4/4 stats fighting another strength based fighter with 3/3/8 stats?  You are going to lose.  Every time.  It doesn't matter that the other strength based fighter dumped everything in stamina and that you, as a strength based fighter dumped everything into strength - you will lose.  It doesn't matter that you have over all higher stats.  Is their stamina higher?  You will lose.Oh, and if you like knowing what you're doing, this is not the game for you!  Mouse over equipment all you like, you will only know what it does by using it - and you won't know exactly what it does, ever, no matter what, period, donezo.  Want to train with Roy?  Good luck.  You will have to seek out how online, because the game doesn't tell you - Roy doesn't tell you, that's for certain.  How do the different abilities work together?  Who knows!?  Certainly you won't know because there's virtually nothing there to tell you.  Hey, there's even a skill you can pay exceedinly precious skillpoints to acquire that tells you more about skills - of course, it doesn't really tell you enought o make informed decisiouns.How do Beef Hammer and Exhauster interact?  Who knows?!  Certainly you won't.  It's not like you even have the opportunity to work them out, as their descriptions include no numbers!  Beef Hammer gives you an ""additional chance"" to reduce your opponents stamina.  What chance?  By how much?  What are these influenced by?  Who knows?!  Not you!  With exhauster, your strikes ""deal more damage to your oppnent's energy"".  How much?  What influences this?  Only God and the devs know!  Not you!  Actually, I'm not sure God knows.How is armor calculated?  What about energy regeneration?  Accuracy?  Why are these vital statistics which heavily influence the outcome of fights completely opaque in both function and derivation?  What benefit is there to the player to not have any damnable clue as to what these actually do or how they come about?I got the Long Timer perk.  All positive effects work longer for me and all negative effects on opponents last longer.  Except that the former is not true, as the ""in love"" and ""working out with Roy"", etc, positive effects are complete un-impacted.  Thanks for the false information there, dev, that's literally what I got the perk for.  Of course, as there's literally no explanation or example as to what this perk actually does, I guess it's my own fault for taking a perk that may as well said ""does cool things"".You have hit points.  There is no explanation whatsoever as to how they are derived.  Not a single solitary word of explanation.The little book of explanations (which is basically a book of confusion) tells you that increasing your strength increases your damage and, get this, increases energy consumption.  So it's actually harmful to you.  Is it a net loss to increase strength without increasing stamina?  Who knows?!  The book also says to ask your teacher for new moves.  Teacher?  What teacher?  Mick?  There's no option to ask him for this.  Roy?  Nope.  Silver?  Nope.  The guy behind the bar which has no explanation of the purpose or benefit of his existence?  Nope.  Literally there is nobody to ask for new moves.  WTF is this book?  What's the point of literally intentionally misleading the player?If you like pretty frustration and stylish grinding, this is the game for you.  If you thought there might be a fun boxing game in here, you are mistaken.  Move along, now.Edit: Played some more, and now I've also experienced the lovely horse-hockey of watching your boxer just get hit and never once punch back.  Over two rounds.  Two rounds of your boxer being a tomato can.  No interactivity during the fight, so it's not like you have any opportunity to intervene.  You just sit there watching the boxer do nothing at all, get injured, receive no positive experience for the fight, etc.Garbage.  Complete and utter garbage.I refuse to believe that any positive review wasn't either purchased or otherwise a shill.This feels like theft."
,Recommended,394310,20408248,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Skin Vision,"This is more than just a boxing manager, it's also a bit of a life manager. Not only must you focus on honing your boxer’s particular skills throughout the days leading up to the fights, but you must also set time aside for work, sleep, and eating. Routines can easily fall apart and if you aren’t careful you can find yourself in a situation where you can't work because you have no energy, yet can't sleep to regain energy because you're hungry, and you can't eat because you've no money for food. These situations can lead to dire choices with negative consequences that may outweigh their benefits, all mere hours before a fight, leaving you with low health, and no time to train!When it comes to the boxing matches, you don't really participate in the fights, although you do manipulate the way your boxer operates between rounds, switching out certain sets of moves and techniques.The retro style is vibrant and entertaining, although the music may start to wear on you after a while. There are a ton of 80's-90's movie/television references strewn throughout, some a little more subtle then others.It is a fun, although at times frustrating management game. There's going to be some trial and error, and planning ahead. I'd say it’s worth the ten bucks."
,Recommended,394310,20407350,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TongaStampsSmashBro,Has a Humor like realistic simulation feel to this game; So far this game is pretty good! no issues...yet.
,Recommended,394310,20408514,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DropKickingBear,"cool game, get it!"
,Recommended,394310,20407600,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Tagger,"If you like micromanagement and a ""sim-like"" game based around fighting; then this game is for you.So many homages/references to various titles (games, comics, movies and general retro-pop-culture), it just gives the game a little more ""flavor"". Willing to bet, that there's probably more references than ""original"" stuff - which is not a negative thing in this scenario :)"
,Recommended,394310,20410283,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Han 🔰,9.5/10
76561198012524009,Not Recommended,394310,22843596,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Pekkaen,"If you like getting you♥♥♥♥♥kicked over and over and over again because of a unbalanced game, this is definitly the game you want.For an example, lead a match by 100 HP to 20 (opponent) and your char magically starts missing 10 times a row and the opponent magically starts hitting huge♥♥♥♥♥combos and depletes your health within 20 seconds.Also you gotta work your♥♥♥♥♥off to earn 30-50 dollars (which takes half the day time) to be able to buy 20-30 dollars of food for each day so you can actually eat so you can train. Also youll have to pay 10 dollars a day to go to the gym (guess they havnt heard about a membership). So basicly all you do is fight the time to actually be able to train, eat, earn cash and if your lucky oyu might sneak in a chance to visit one of your friends who you meet thru the game.Also the stat deteration is so annoying and out of balance that if you have any hair on your head before starting to play this game, well youll be bald afterwards... Why ? Because after struggling as i mentioned earlier with all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥you got to do, when you finally do get to train and you raise a lvl well... a night on the couch changes that. For an example train for 120 stat points and after a good night sleep BAM it turns out you actually only made like 20-30 stat points since skill deteration suddenly removes 90-100 ish of those you trained so hard to get.Was hoping this would be a good game to spend some time with but after 3 hours i just went for a refund instead, its not worth it as it is now...."
,Not Recommended,394310,26463790,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tare,This game is one huge piece of s*it.
,Recommended,394310,20407450,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,RomireOnline,Has a nice Eye of the Tiger feel to the game and as well as a Rocky Esque style to it.The game is about Redemption somewhat.Fight Hard train hard!
76561198179347761,Not Recommended,394310,25220537,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,niqqer1234,bad
,Not Recommended,394310,22520422,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Unidentified Gamer,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,394310,26405673,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,realy nice game!
,Recommended,394310,21731231,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ubernetworkgeek,Luke.... I am your father!
,Recommended,394310,26448887,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,"The dislikes are idiots this game is good also i've played it before it is like a classic game yet these d!ck holes ain't know a real game if it is right up there hoo ha. Now time for the game you travel to get food fight in leagues. you train a lot it is a good game don't listen to these trash kids tlak on and on this ""This game is bad blah blah balh"" shut up 12 year old and get good."
76561198253626389,Not Recommended,394310,22868579,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,AND YOU KNOW upgrade.gg,it isent fun and it takes a long time to finish the game and also realy laggy i wish i could have a refaund
,Recommended,394310,20519480,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,^sn0w,">stroll into my local GameStop>looking to pick up a copy of Punch Club>grab the game and take it to the charming maiden at the register>""Pardon me, milady...but could you ring me up? A shame I don't have your number or I'd ring you up instead..."">she giggles and takes the game, blushing as her fingers brush mine due to my fingerless gloves>her eyes widen as she reads the game's title>""Wow, I've never seen anyone buy this before! You must have special taste!"">I smile and ready a witty response when suddenly a voice rings out from behind>""Hahaha look at what this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ is buying! That's not Call of Duty Advanced Memefare! What a piece of ♥♥♥♥!"">I quickly turn around, my cloak billowing behind me, to discern the source of the rude outburst>generic dudebro caricature with a sports team cap and ""the guy that beat you up that one time behind the school in early October"" shirt is standing there guffawing>""Excuse me sir...you may disparage my person if you wish, but it is untoward to swear in front of a lady."">""♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥♥♥!"">I smile quietly and tip my fedora low across my eyes, concealing them>""As you wish..."">I quickly swing my cane into his kneecap before he can react>he bellows and charges forward>I expertly sidestep him and the cashier screams as he crashes into the counter>I draw my sword-cane and mutter a quiet oath as I drive it deep into his back>""...requiescat in pace..."">As I clean my blade the girl walks out from behind the counter, twirling her hair with her fingers>""So...maybe you'd like to come over to my place to play that game sometime...?>""No thanks, milady, it's only single player. Besides..."">I sheath my sword>""You're not my type."">skate away on my Heelys"
,Not Recommended,394310,26418499,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Whatever,não devia perder skill ao dormir
76561197968519905,Not Recommended,394310,26416810,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,franco,WTF?
,Not Recommended,394310,22870129,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Will_Is_Boss,it suck
76561198072197789,Recommended,394310,20405430,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CЯVƆK,>60fps>cool♥♥♥♥♥retro mode>no more typing #box5/7 Would buy twice
76561197960967170,Not Recommended,394310,20406579,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zombie101,I have played alot game this one.  I just pass on this one pointless game that only negitively impact everything.  Loss Stats fast then you can get them and loss money all the time fighting system to just get basics.
76561198027755721,Not Recommended,394310,30665980,Posted: 22 March,all,unionmacjackman,"Very good concept for a game and the early game is fun, but the grind becomes all consuming. The systems are very deep and often you're only given vague ideas of what makes them tick - this works well for a story-based RPG, but this is Min-Maxing : The Game, so any ambiguity just makes things difficult. Another min-maxing problem is that this games design punishes anything over than specialization. In fairness, the game does make this clear explicitly, but I expected it to be a little more forgiving because there are a LOT of choices when it comes to character building. Unfortunately it's very easy to have spent hours building a ganked character that could progress through early stages but then find yourself stranded without low-tier enemies to mine XP from and consigned to an endless grind.Unlike a lot of reviewers I don't dislike the stat decay in and of itself. It's a good idea and does its job in early game. If the stat decay weakened as your character leveled up, however, that would be an improvement for making the mid-game more fun."
76561198042157214,Recommended,394310,30828688,Posted: 30 March,all,maasal,"Amazing retro game, reminds a little like barry mcguigan world championship boxing on commadore64. Nice pop-culture references and jokes, and the story isn't that bad either. The only minus side is that in some parts of the game you can get stuck or the progress is very limited. I've played all three fighting strategies and the bear-skill tree is my favorite due to added bonuses for having 'boxing' moves combined. The tiger skill-tree is a little boring and prolongs the matches a lot. Easiest IMO is the turtle skill tree. One nice thing is also that the storyline is not completely linear, although much of it is. Waiting for Punch Club 2!!! Ideally, the game would have the fighting part from Barry McGuigan and all the other parts from PUnch Club 1."
76561198374538974,Recommended,394310,30719337,Posted: 24 March,all,New_Bell,very hard
,Recommended,394310,20864716,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DIO the invader,This game is probably not for everyone. Its a grind intensive time management simulator. Lots of options in gameplay but I heard that one path is easier than others. The game is great for the writing and the shear amount of references in it but boy. The grind is not for everyone.
,Recommended,394310,20873797,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,©heeto Fingers,Hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours and hours of grinding. 10/10
,Recommended,394310,21239247,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Lokaror,"Im a huge boxing fan, so this game seemed perfect to pick up. At its price it is certainly worth it. I love this game and the mechanics and all the references. Theres so many different references from so many diffrent Sections.I would rate this game 9/10."
,Recommended,394310,30702423,Posted: 24 March,all,RPBN,"Well worth the €2.49 I spent on it. Some would complain about the grind, but enough interesting things happened along the way to keep me interested."
76561198071048438,Recommended,394310,21195637,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Holy Tuna,"I liked this game. I liked the references, the minimal but good skills you could choose, the weird people you meet. However, there's just one thing I didnt like..It has got to have the worst ending for a game since... Heck I dont even know a game with a ending as bad as this one. If you dont care about endings by all means get this game, its fun to play, but the fact that I played it for so long and then the ending was just like the dev's got bored and took a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥on their game and shipped it.. Kind of sucks.. a lot."
,Recommended,394310,21200082,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Alpha Roze,"An oddly addictive management game. Thats what it is, so if you are looking for a fighter look somewhere else. That being said the game has a good deal on nick picking flaws but not enough to really detract from the overall experience. Give it a shot or wait for a steam sale, this game isn't that bad."
,Recommended,394310,30714483,Posted: 24 March,all,Kron,nice game.
,Recommended,394310,30722701,Posted: 25 March,all,faggot fuck robot,"Im sitting here working out on a dude in a game, instead of working out in real life... what is wrong with me? xD"
76561197969303538,Recommended,394310,20462200,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Count Crackula,"UPDATED Review 3/8/2016To the Point Scoring:Mobile phone: Excellent way to enjoy this game. This is an ideal game to play on a mobile platform. I play this on the bus during my morning commute.  95/100Console: 70/100 It is a bit too bland. Even a small mini game mechanic during fights would make the game more enjoyable for someone sitting at a desk getting their ""game on."" You will find yourself clicking and just watching a lot. For me, I prefer to play games with a little more meat on them when I have a good two - three hours of free game time. But to each his own, if you want to sit back and just click a bit, this game is for you.Laptop/ Killing time: If you are playing on your laptop while trying to kill some time between a class, or waiting at an airport, the point and click adventure will entertain you while you wait for life to happen. 80/100Extended Review:Now that the game is on mobile and the game mechanics have been tweaked, I feel the game deserves a better rating. Although the automated fight sequence is still bland and the animations haven’t changed, the developers have made the appropriate changes to the game play mechanics. The game still revolves around maximizing your workout efficiency. All things considered the developer has quickly addressed complaints about previous issues, and it seems they have put a lot of heart and soul into this thin yet strong boxing management sim.Previous Review  Written at Release (Thumbs down)A lot of plain old point and click.You point and click, then fight. The fighting is automated, meaning you only watch your fighter. The match is a random roll to win system, except you have to sit through a series of random dice rolls. To train you need money, so you have to, guess what, chick to work. Then click to eat, chick to sleep, click to watch tv... Now your stats are gone.... lets go to the gym. Click the gym... Lets go buy gym equipment for cheaper trainning... Random thug wants to fight.... click ok... random bad roll, you lose you money... Click to work... you lose stats...why am I playing this?Would be better as a mobile app. Its a waste of time to play on a desktop when you can find better ""build'em up"" games."
76561198117221726,Recommended,394310,21794964,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,williamwhtjr,"Okay. I'm going to Siskel & Ebert this thing. (If you're old enough to catch most the references in this game, you're old enough to catch the one I just made, LOL) I LOVE IT!! And..I hate it also, LOLWhat's good? Storyline is cool. Retro vibes are cool. The stregeic sim value is cool, though deeply flawed. (More on that later.) The music is cool. Unlike others, I see the value of the way the sim system is set up...mostly. It's like a chess game planning out your life between eating, sleeping, earning money, and training. In other words, it is the Ultimate Amateur Hardcore Life Sim, LOLUnfortunately, that's also the problem. It acts like a micro-transaction game in a lot of ways. It's unbalanced as hell. (I had my fighter up to 3/2/3 and got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by a 1/1/1. >_>) I also don't like the fact that they make it appear as though the bus system is to help you from getting robbed, and yet...it doesn't do shizz for that. :/ In other words, the bus concept is pointless. Another issue I have is that the pot is coerced with the illusion of choice. All roads lead to Rome in this game. No matter what option you chose (for the most part) the end result is exactly the same.In fact, I would say that this sim is micro-transaction style on crack. At least in a traditional micro-transaction game your stats regenerate over time. You plummet stats in here, without money, food, Mick, or energy, you are royally screed in Spades. At least in a micro-transaction game, even if the stats didn't regenerate, if I was desperate enough I could buy my way out of a jam. Not here. :/Also don't like the mini-encounters. Particularly the briefcase. I go home to get some sleep, and next thing I know, that damn briefcase is sending me god knows where to a fight I didn't plan on fighting. The game also punishes you for making money instead of buffing stats. I let my stats drop to get cash to get equipment to make training easier and less expensive, and next fight I have is against Roy who had triple to six times my stats. That has NEVER happened before, because in previous games I never let my stats drop.Also, piece of advice; despite Mick's proclomation he will feed you, he's a stingy s.o.b. His meals fill you by half if you're lucky, and he's a 'three strikes and you're out' kind of guy. Literally, he will ONLY feed you 3x.Overall, I LOVE the game, seriously. Yes, it is brutal. Yes, it's often not fair. But neither is life. I agree with previous reviewers who are irritated people are down voting the game because it's difficult. But I agree it needs tweaked in some major areas as well. But then again, I expect that from a game in progress.Last complaint...the constant updating. This too, is something I love and hate, LOL It happens because the developers are listening. But damn it gets annoying having two updates five minutes apart like happened to me today, LOLIn the end, however, I MUST give Punch Club a rather enthusiastic thumbs...UP. Fun game, yes frustrating, but not so much that I have cause to hate it. Just cause for complaint, LOL"
,Recommended,394310,21833042,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Coelhobionico,"Jogo sensacional, altamente viciante!Super recomendado"
,Recommended,394310,21833625,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,TGBear,Pretty fun management sim. Can be very grind orientated but makes up with it with interesting movie story twists. Dont play if youre impatient!
76561197966749452,Recommended,394310,21834815,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,SNC,"Tons of fun and references from movies, Tv-Series and mny more. Just Play it !"
76561198265649669,Not Recommended,394310,21825286,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,malcomreynolds55,this game sucks more balls than leaches at a gay beach party
,Recommended,394310,21814856,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BasicXII,Interested game :)
,Recommended,394310,21806973,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,RunTowardsDanger,"I'm a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and waited till this game went on sale for $6.99. It was 110% worth the $6.99 I only wish I hadn't been so greedy and bought it sooner at it's already low $10 price. I'm only 1.4 hours in according to steam (at the time of writing) but it's probably one of the most exciting games I've played in a very long time.It's reminiscent of the quality and depth that indie developers of the early 1990's put into their games. Sometimes it's not all about the graphics, but the love the developers put into the game, and it's evident here."
76561198034029393,Recommended,394310,21901596,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,cherniyalpinist,"This game is a breath of fresh air in a world of graphically impressive overhyped nonsense.Not only does it  prove that a pixel-graphics game can still be fun these days, but also manages to become a great title and (i hope) the beginning of great series of games in their own right.If you watched movies like Rocky, Enter the Dragon, Blood Sport, Mortal Kombat, Batman (originals - not Dark Knight remakes, you silly child), if you read TMNT comics, seen Biker Mice cartoon and loved them all - you will certainly love and enjoy every moment, dialogue and appearance in this little game. Ammount of classic ""hollywood-movie"" cliches and easter eggs relating to all sorts of old blockbusters is through the roof.The game itself is pretty much like old ""Tamagotchi"" games (for those of us old enough to remember what that bloody thing is), only you are not raising cute puppy or little purrry kitten. Instead you raise one bad*** tough b*****d with a hunger for a good scrap and a score to settle. But the concept is just the same - feed him, train him, take him for a walk, make sure he has some rest now and then and watch him kick some heads in. Awww - so cute!In a number of other reviews I've read (negative ones), people claim this game being to grindy, difficult and frustraiting. You can safely ignore these whimp-written, casual gamer whinings. Those guys who wrote them, have no idea what the grindy game really is. Let them play games like ""Sunless Sea"" for a week and watch them beating themselves to death with a keyboard *evil laughter*. Now THAT is a f****g grindy game (although it's still great). As for the ""Punch Club"" - I am barely 7 hours into it. Already beaten it once and about to start over with a different character build. Seven hours to beat the game (and have some great laughs in the process) is not too grindy now is it? So please ignore those who say it is - they just suck and don't even have courage to admit to it.To sum it all up, let's do the standard pros and cons list, as it is the custom of all steam-reviewers. So it was once said, so it was written in our holy blackish-blue app and so shall it be done. Ahem... let's get on with it.Pros:* Easter Eggs - there is one or another waiting for you on every step you make throughout this game. Literally. The references to comics, cartoons and movies are too numerous to list. Enter the Dragon, Mortal Combat, Street Fighter, TMNT, Batman, Rocky, Kickboxer, Terminator, Snatch, Double Impact, Blood Sport, Big Trouble in Little China, Biker Mice from Mars and so on - it's all there.* Humour - the dialogues can be entertaining, funny, random or downright ridiculous - anything but boring.* Russians - no proper hollywood action movie can be without them, can it? Being Russian-born myself I just had to appreciate every Russian stereotype being squeezed into one little room you encounter in the game. Vodka, AK, bear, sputnik, balalaika, ushanka and tons of snow. I can just see some guys from Europe and US reading this and rushing off to google to find out what the f**k is ""balalaika"".* Huge possibilities to vary your character build and tactics during the combat.* Little bit of a grind - in my view it is a good thing, delivered in right proportion. You have to train your fighter - right? Also you have to feed, go to work, hang out with your friends and solve other people's s**t, which they were capable of getting into, but aren't capable to solve it them f****g selves. Typical. Such is life... I guess. Massively adds to realism for adults and introduces kids to what life will be, once they leave school or college. Thumbs up for that.CONS:* The only one I can think of - not enough of a good thing. I want more quests, more perks, more adventure, more fights, more encounters. More of everything! But that's just me being greedy.So that is it - short and sweet. I hope my review helps to set some minds in place to go an buy this game. You won't regret it :)"
76561197991844714,Not Recommended,394310,30720957,Posted: 25 March,all,Rex Smashington,After realizing it's not possible to make it from work to the sporting goods store early game without getting robbed even if you take the bus I had to uninstall.  Not a fan of games with invisible walls.That and the game is repetitive as ♥♥♥♥.  Autism simulator 2016.  If you like watching little bars going up then going back down and repeating the same tasks over and over to try to negate the decay this is the game for you.But it's $2.49 on sale so I've spent money on more useless things.  I did buy For Honor at full price after all.
76561198027553069,Not Recommended,394310,21894567,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Drax911,"This game is all the worst parts of the sims mixed with micro-managing an uninteresting story. It's a balance the bar game. You get in no way to actually impact the fights. You just watch and click. It reminds me of Game Dev Tycoon, Except that game was fun. It had a kitchsyness that made it cute. They go for the  same thing here, but so many pointless and corny pop culture references.Look I am sure there are people out there who love this game. I can even see how if I had the personaility that enjoyed watching a game be played for me, how It might be enjoyable for those people.But if you want any kind of game you actually have to put some thought into and such, this isn't your game. I regret the price I paid, and I bought it on sale. It's just not good."
76561197986254032,Not Recommended,394310,21818457,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bosni,I want to love this game so much but it has too many design flaws to do so.
76561198022418529,Recommended,394310,21851213,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,paynetcu,
,Recommended,394310,21952990,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Papart,"Management game with RPG elements in theme of boxing a la ""Rocky"".Gameplay comes down to managing your time and statistics, balancing between training, fightning to the top and earning money to progress. It's pretty straightforward, but it's simple mechanics are really fun. Fights are limited to selecting abilities best suited to fight and watch our protagonist on a ring. Additionally there's a CU (content update) deployed lately which adds 3 hours additional game time.Punch Club has really nice pixelart style and 8 bit soundtrack, which makes it feel really comfy and not forced like many indie games today does. Story is a major drawback - it's utter gibberish and♥♥♥♥♥♥with poorly written dialogues, especially of your character. It would be better if he would be mute completely through the whole game. Also a lot of easter eggs to older martial artists or fightning games, but not that much to obscure original elements of this title.It may get a bit repetetive when you find your own tempo of doing things. Personally I find it fitting this theme, like real sportsman you must train everyday according to your daily routine to get better. Also big thing for me was that, even losing a fight awards you some skill points, which makes you slowly better - every fight makes you learn new things.TL;DR If you like management games with a bit of RPG elements, don't care about story and you're here just to progress to be better and better - this is good purchase for you."
76561198033635031,Recommended,394310,21947634,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Arts,"Punch Club is amazing, its a must play game if you like 16bit graphics, 16bit music, and a fighter!"
,Recommended,394310,21967922,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Petey,"Worth every cent. Utterly addictive, deceptively simple, but with plenty of depth. Storytelling is on the 'triple A' level."
76561198123630177,Recommended,394310,21957755,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nile003,Punch Club is a great game if you want a game you can play for a while. It is a good simulation game. The graphics are great. And the story is even better! >>>>>SPOILER ALERT<<<<< The story starts you off as a kid and a person kills your dad for a medalion. Then you grow up and train in boxing and work your way up to this guys camp and you fight the person who killed your father. Thats what I think happens.>>>>>SPOILER ALERT OVER<<<<< I have seen other people play parts of it and personally I am 3/5 through the game. I definetly reccomend it to people who love games that wont take 2 hrs then its over. Its worth your money.
,Recommended,394310,21910691,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Alex Turner,"One of the most addictive and entertaining games thay ive played this year. It is true that theres actually only 2 ways to finish the game and its kind of short the main story, but the developers are kind launching more free secondary stories such as the Dark FIst. All the pixel art and details are amazing, literally laugh many times about all the jokes they make and introduce it into the main story such as Mortal Kombat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles or even Street Fighter. Literally worth every penny, and im looking after a sequel (?)"
,Recommended,394310,30739431,Posted: 25 March,all,WILLIAM COOK,"I really liked this game, but i would prefer more content or a sequel. the ending SUCKED."
,Not Recommended,394310,21170132,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hot Stuff ;),"not worth the money, way to much grinding involved with little gameplay."
,Recommended,394310,22020291,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,sipdan,"Awesome and fun game, worth the price."
,Recommended,394310,21035908,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rich Hicks,Perfect game to play while watching streams.
76561198133515661,Recommended,394310,20962454,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SQUIDSQUAD,fun
,Recommended,394310,20962964,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Gammaberries,Best game ever for the price
,Recommended,394310,20994072,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AlabamaAngyl,"Played it for hours. Simply couldn't put it down! Best game I've played in ages, and very addicting! Wonderful time/life management sim, mixed with great 80's references, all wrapped up in a boxing sim.I could gush on and on about it's qualities, I'll just leave it to say you should play it. Right now!PS: Can you find the Jay and Silent Bob/Clerks reference? Cookies for you, then! :P"
,Recommended,394310,20989986,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,10Snipershot,"After putting in 30 minutes in the game I can see that I will put a lot more into it. It is fun, from what I've played, challenging, and ..well... fun!It is for SURE worth the price!"
76561198139670300,Recommended,394310,20988212,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,bunnylord,eat sleep train kick a$$ repeat
76561198059430112,Recommended,394310,20848085,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Cancer,this game is dabomb.com
76561198038934969,Recommended,394310,20817654,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,simc1,"Nice addicting little RPG retro style game...guess I'm just too numb or impatient to finish it tho... after weeks of grinding to defeat Bruce Lee, I sat on the coach drinking scotch and smoking cigars until I was powerless.8 out of 10. Would buff my belly on the couch again"
76561198048159217,Recommended,394310,20835932,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,✪ Dirty Daniels,10/10 would punch stuff again
,Recommended,394310,20826669,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Boss Kemp,Addictive and pretty indepth game. Good fun while it lasted.
76561198094392560,Recommended,394310,20823536,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Edd Higham,"'I need your clothes, your boots and your motorcycle'!"
76561198075577597,Recommended,394310,20959150,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Gupgup,"Good game, but really isn't replayable or anything once you beat it. Unless you wanna go through all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just to try a new stat out or something. I beat the game in 10 hours of gameplay... pretty easy."
,Recommended,394310,20952124,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,isded12floz,Features my all time favorite movie poster: Sport Sport.
76561198098298948,Recommended,394310,20960442,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,The Krusty Krab,If you are into a retro feeling game this is the one for you. It has an old arcade feeling to it and an old karate/martial arts movie feeling as well. You have to train to tbe the best you can be learning new skills and boosting your characters stats to beat all else who comes in his way.
,Recommended,394310,21031101,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,evilbananas,Addicting.  One of the few games I played through a second time immediately after finishing the first.
,Recommended,394310,21031103,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Selim,Awesome experience..
,Recommended,394310,21024831,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,olteanu.vlad2,"Well, I won't spoil anything, but the ending could have gone with a little bit more content.The game had a really nice theme going , only to be ruined by it's ending. Shame really.I've made a full playthrough of this game, check it out here :https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLe7oFhI5_CwLuAo2noV57thm7DemUJtfOI recommend this game for the gamplay aspect, quite unique in it's way. If you are good with time management, you'll have no problem playing this game. If you are like me... well ... good luck :)"
,Recommended,394310,21031727,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,HiSensenMann,"Really fun game, gets very hard when you are near the end9.5/10"
,Recommended,394310,21044040,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gassicus,Very fun game. I would reccomend if you are into fighting. If you are new to fighting I also reccomend this game to you. 7.8/10
76561197988228877,Recommended,394310,30738592,Posted: 25 March,all,Imposter Oppressor Oak,"Great little game, worth looking up a video of gameplay beforehand so you know what you are getting into before purchasing. Basically involves a story around fighter which you control and will be training in order to avenge your father. There is no actual fighting mecahnic in game which may turn some people off, instead it is focused around earning money, and mainting your stats. Best way i could describe it is a little bit of point a click, simulation, rpg, survival, and all to an oldschool 8-bit art design.8/10"
,Recommended,394310,22163192,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Insert Coin Theater,"An addictive management sim where you take the role of a fighter. You can choose being punchy, kicky, or hard as hell to beat up. You can select a plethora of updates for your character. You can customize abilities and the like. Plus it has Twitch integration to further involve you're chat if you're a streamer. I really like this game and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys stats-based simulations with a lot of kicking, punching and a bit of story mixed in."
76561198045920862,Recommended,394310,22146045,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,JamAddict,"I've spent a lot of time grinding out on this game, but it's so quirky, and a good way to kill time if you just want to relax."
76561198096883239,Not Recommended,394310,22143552,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,the_antipaladin,I'm so glad I got this game installed it played it for a bit and stuck at their logo screen from here on out and its a common issue tried reinstalling to no avail. Seriously pass on this game and go play elsewhere
76561198000698735,Recommended,394310,30743480,Posted: 25 March,all,Last Knight Down,"The ending is kind of a punch in the gonads, but over-all the sound, mechanics, artwork, concept and the amount of content in this game is amazing. This is worth the price of entry, and a few playthroughs. Lots of fun."
76561198158912250,Recommended,394310,22192357,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SirDaveTheAwesome,"Very fun game that is packed with 80's - 90's references, love the fighter customization and finding balance between working, training, fighting, and social life all in all a very great game that has potential to be one of the best.ProsVery story drivenAwesome charactersA sense of realisim in that nothing is given to you, just as in life you have to earn everything.Lots of references to 80's - 90's cultureA cook named Casey :)Cons and suggestionsNothing to do during fights, add a minigame that boosts fighters performance or restores stanima during fights, maybe the more you click the higher attack chance you have or the more it restores stanimaA suggestion I would have is to add a coaching session between rounds, Mick or whoever is in your corner would suggest things like use less energy, or more powerful attacksAdd in a character customization menu or a store that sells different types of clothesAll in all a very fun game and worth the money if you don't mind putting in time to find balance in everything."
,Recommended,394310,21916071,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ASD,Epic.
,Recommended,394310,21935116,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,not-tu,"People complain about stat decay, but if you just build early towards the stat minimum locks, it's not really that big of a deal.  And you should only build towards one main stat while keeping stamina at a lower than default minimum.  Plan your builds out, don't buy skills at random.  The game will only feel grindy if you don't plan ahead.This isn't a game that you're likely to succeed at in the first attempt, which isn't a bad thing."
,Recommended,394310,21931757,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Shrek 2 on Crimson Ray.,10/10 would trip out on special pizza and fight sewer dwelling masked crocodiles again.
,Recommended,394310,22168743,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CyBourne,Bought it after reading an article about the amount of times it was pirated. It gets a little grindy and I wish their was direct control in the fights but overall it was enjoyable.
76561197980530446,Recommended,394310,25297283,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Nimrias,"Punch Club is an entertaining time management / fighting / strategy game (not an action game).  I have played through it several (4-5) times.  It takes about 10 hours for a playthrough.  There are various comic references to keep things light-hearted.+Nice retro visuals and audio.  Training system is easy to learn.  It's fun to find all the little winks and nods to other fighting games and movies (Fight Club, Rocky, Blood Sport, Street Fighter, TMNT, Jay & Silent Bob, Breaking Bad, Simpsons...the list goes on and on).  There are 3 skill trees to choose from and 2 endings so there is some replayability.-Not a lot of information on how the fight system really works (for example, you still dodge and block even without dodge and block in your ""active"" skill list).  The higher your stats are, the more they decay daily.  Trying to fight Big Bobo for the achievement is a pain as if you go ""too far"" into the story or with your stats, you suddenly just stop getting mugged.I feel like this game is good value for its price.  I got about 50 hours of enjoyment from it.  This game is more a management sim and not a button masher."
76561198069125400,Recommended,394310,25278968,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The deceitful,Fun little game. Gives some challenge. Storyline is fun too. I would highly recommend it
,Recommended,394310,22870228,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,quickjk,well its a pretty good game i got into iti got like 6 hours of it. but the problem is this game is to hard to beatno matter what your'e doing you can't max the skills you have and they are gone pretty quickly
76561198016930625,Not Recommended,394310,30776550,Posted: 27 March,all,☠YakudZon☠,"Не стоит покупать даже на распрадаже, очень суровая гриндилка. В начале вроде все неплохо, но потом начинаешь беситься, качаешь то, потом другое, потом работаешь потом хавка, настроение и тд. В итоге как белка в колесе после серидины игры. Рандом в игре суров при боях, на практике 1 чела начал бить он за 5 секунд меня слил, дождался следующего боя с ним (ничего не поменял из характеристик) я за 5 секунд его слил. Было даже 1 раз почти убил бандита в самом начале в бою который обязательно сливной, (он кучу раз мазал). Поставил чит на деньги чтобы не работать все равно ты ни хрена не успеваешь и делаешь одни и тоже как в тамагочи и чтобы вырубить очередного соперника нужно спать жрать ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ качаться , спать жрать ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ качаться , спать жрать ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ качаться.... Кайф весь пропадает. До середины игры вроде как сложно, но не очень напрягает, то потом начинается ад и однообразие. Хотя добавили они режим супер изи чтобы просто пройти историю (она с двумя концовками), но там ачивок не дают. Вообщем не советую тратить свои нервы на однообразный гринд."
,Not Recommended,394310,30827992,Posted: 29 March,all,Xolta11,This kinda  mangment sim isnt my cup of tea. It feels  realy limited  for  a  2015/2016 game. I dont feel this way about  games  like game  dev tycoon or civ 3 so i  dont  know what it is.
,Recommended,394310,24975064,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[LdD] Coz,"DRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!*Cough... wheeze... splutter!*Seriously though, it's an alright game. Being a bit on the grindy side, Punch Club is one of those games you come back to once in a while when you feel like you can't be stuffed going to the local gym yourself, or when you've just been listening to Vince Dicola's Rocky IV soundtrack.Oh, and I get the impression that Roy's sister might be a s*ut."
,Recommended,394310,25219872,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Color Orange,"I just wish there were more side quests, it's too liniar, I'd much prefer if I could make more choices. But the game is really great"
76561198061306443,Recommended,394310,25211009,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,elchali_5,It is a good game If you don´t mind the countless hours of grinding.
76561198066524573,Recommended,394310,30841252,Posted: 30 March,all,TheEndlessAbyss,"This game starts with a lot of promise, some pretty funny/interesting references, and suprisingly difficult time-management gameplay. And then proceeds to lose all semblance of a worthwhile game. This game would be better off as a free-to-play flash game. But with such a low price tag it's probably worth the buy just for a few hours of mindless fun. You begin play really sturggling to balance work/training/fighting/ and relationships so you can actually grow and progress as a fighter. However, once you manage to win the championship ALL of that goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ It erases any progress you had in the ultimate fight if you haven't completed it. It essentially deletes your house and Roy's house. And the rest of the game is entirely mindless and honestly really boring. There is never a reason to leave the mansion, let alone even sleep. You just waste the 150/300 dollars to make gifts for Adriana, especially once you're earing enough money per day. Food and energy supplements are provided for you. There is essentially no gameplay. You just click on the 2-4 training devices that boost your relevent stat(s), switching between them so you get max boosts. Spend 30 minutes boosting one skill, since in later levels it takes so long to get from say 24 to 25, especially since each day you lose so much progress. I would suggest people to buy this game, but once it sends you to Russia just quit and go to easy and dominate from there. There's absolutely no reason to keep playing the game to the end, and it takes for ♥♥♥♥ing ever.If it was a free flash game this would get a 7/10As a game that costs: First part of the game 9/10; second part like 2/10"
,Not Recommended,394310,25837146,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Clintonio,"Punch Club starts out well and looks like a promising time/resource management game, but after a while becomes a tedious grind to combat stat decay. There's a lot of stick and no carrot in Punch Club."
76561198253621060,Recommended,394310,25758401,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,im_goooood,"i love this game.but i need korean..if you add korean, i love more.."
76561198007363210,Not Recommended,394310,25947708,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Uncle Magic,"Everyone likes this game at first because they think it's going to be something else, namely a game where you can make some kind of decisions in fights that feature a character you help grow.  But then you realize it's just a game where you have to grind stats and watch fights that you have zero control over.It's a goddamn shame, this could've been really fun."
76561198061249748,Recommended,394310,25163922,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Obama Bin Laden,"Punch club is one of the most fun simulation games I have played so far: it's funny, addictive gameplay and mind blowing ending. I have completed with every style there is in the game, Tiger, Bear, Turtle, or combination of any of them, you name it... Completed every achievements there is in the game... That will only happen if you love the game so much you can't get enough of it!Now I got enough of it... Nothing else to do anymore, I know the game inside out. And if you just starting to play and only wants to finish the game as quickly as possible, I suggest you go Bear Build. The best fighting style in the game (this is coming from a guy who thinks Bruce Lee is a god).10/10"
,Recommended,394310,25914158,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,swiftyy,I am really stuck with wether I like this or not. Its a weird one for my taste but I will give it a good review because at the very least its worth a buy.
76561198111336182,Not Recommended,394310,25888646,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Em1rat,"Boring. Did not enjoy. If you make a wrong choice you basically have to start over, and since the game isn't very entertaining I didn't bother."
76561198012723812,Not Recommended,394310,25891114,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pervy ninja,"Its fun the first hour give or take, but after that it pretty much turns into a grind fest... If you really love grinding, then this is your game. But if you dislike it (like i do) then i cant recommend that you buy this game.I may only have played 3 hours of the game, but its felt like way more, because i get quickly bored if things arent progressing fast enough, by that i mean the game makes it feel like forever before you make any progress.The only real fun thing about Punch Club is the fights, but that is just giving your dude some attacks/defences and hoping that you get lucky."
76561198075687511,Not Recommended,394310,25935120,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,smthomas2000,"Like many others at first I liked this game. The visuals were retro good and the references to the 90s were great. Then the grind hit the game. Everything from working out to walking/taking the bus is a grind. If you don't have enough cash you have to walk everywhere which eats up time too much. Have too much money ($200) and a street thug turns every time to take it from you. Work out every day because at the end of the day sleeping takes all the workout you just did off you so if you skip a workout then your stats go down by quite a bit. I got into the habit of working two days (and losing loads of stats) workout for a day and a half to just get back to where I was a little more, then fight and then repeat. By the way you don't control the fight. You just sit there and watch your guy lose when you on 50 health vs the other guy who is on 2 health. Somehow they hit you every time and get your 50 down to 0 yet all of your hits either miss or get blocked so the other guy stays on that magically 2 health.I thought I got this game cheap but looking back it was way more than I should have parted with. I would say get if you have loads of time, like grind games and it only costs a very low price otherwise stay away. For you players that do buy it make sure to pick the kicking fighting style because the boxing is great but the player is always too exhasted to throw a punch about 3 punches into the fight so you lose. The other style you just take loads of hits but you have no offense so fights are more boring than normal. Go for Kick, buy home gym as soon as you can, take buses, only work as a miner and maybe, maybe you might get somewhere. I wouldn't bother there are plenty of better games out there."
13371337133766666,Recommended,394310,24972103,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Cisco Engineer,"In this game, you play as an ordinary person working your way to become one punch man."
,Not Recommended,394310,24996392,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Guffi,"Tried to give this game a chance, crashes way too much and there is just so MANY annoying things that makes this game unplayable for more than a few hours. But then again, cheaper than a movie."
76561198247034694,Recommended,394310,26443868,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Axzelious,"Punch Club, is a fun game to play, having you make choices on how you want to play and how you want your character to develop. Your selection of different fighting tactics and skills is very diverse and often you'll want to play differetly everytime, and the story develops into different branches so you will have to choose how you are going to go through it all. The game is real ""knockout"" if you just want to sit back and relax as you cheer on your great contender through every single match. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,394310,28001639,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Der V-Lancer,"Great addictive little boxing manager with rewarding fights, sidequests, replayability in form of three distinctive fighting styles and lots of funny popculture references"
76561198039390111,Recommended,394310,27872949,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"The Jewish Squid, Charles.","A fun, grind 'em up game."
,Recommended,394310,27877300,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EQGL-A | PickleRick,"I had purchased this game on sale recently and spent about 2 hours playing. I realized early on that the game is very unforgiving with how your character stats go down each day. I had gotten a refund on the game, but after some time thinking, I may have been too harsh to refund the game so quickly."
76561198055419558,Recommended,394310,27951481,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zaraki_3,"Very addictive and pretty funny at times. Make sure to click on the training equipment you are currently using every 2-3 seconds to train more efficiently, it really makes a difference."
,Recommended,394310,28009253,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jeddi151,"This game was suprising fun.Please Remember. It is a simulation, not a fighting game.  Don't think of it like Street Fighter.This is a game about efficiency, and if you can be very effecient, you gain fighting stats and perks to give you rewards, to make you more efficient.Add the different references to Movies, TV Shows, Fighting Games, and Professional Wrestling, and this game was a blast to play, and watch on Twitch.Achievement Quest:  Good challenge on some of the achivements, but doable.  Watch a Speed Run for the 100 days achievement, and grind out the Hardcore challenge."
76561198108333341,Recommended,394310,27906918,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,game_upper,"If you have a nervous finger, and kind of ""Take incontinence"", this is not your game. If you like hilarious tales with kind of unknown statistc of your ""punch"", then take a swim into a world of way too much funny references and play your best administration abilities, all of this while you build you own Karate Movies soundtrack!!!"
76561197971512013,Recommended,394310,27539505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Solidcondor,"Steep learning curve, but very addictive with good replay value. I was also pleasantly suprised it actually a strategy game rather than a button masher. If I had one complaint it's that the ending was a little anticlimactic with a set up for a possible sequel. Worth the play through and purchase though."
,Recommended,394310,27562210,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Salty | Trading  CSGOspeed.com,"Yeah, it's good. It's a vesy easy game to get good at, and once you're good at it, it rewards you.However I wish the game had more DLC packs because after you've complete the game you can't really do much else apart from just walk around town or train.If I had to give a rating I'd give a 7/10"
76561198138572170,Recommended,394310,27593572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hammy XD,"To me thid game was okay, I can reccomend this game, but it just wasn't for me. Can get a bit repetitive, and you can get stuck in a hole and be forced to restart if you do, but can still be fun.  I would give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,394310,27608872,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RyTheFireGuy,"Such a fun game! I have had a lot of fun picking up this game whenever I have a few minutes to kill. I'm not normally into pixel games, but this one ropes me in. It's a little repetitive, constantly bulking your boxer, fighting, working, being a superhero, etc. But for the price, it is a great game that I know I will continue to pour time into for many hours."
76561198070072024,Recommended,394310,28306424,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,skizz,"Nice game, although very, very repetitive when it comes to training. It's fun in the beginning but it becomes a pain later on. It's good that there was easy mode introduced, where you don't lose stats (although I didn't try it, but I would next time). But if you don't lose you stats, game is really quite short one.Very irritating thing are glitches, where you cannot save the game or do any action in-game. Our hero can only move around a screen. No idea why it hasn't been fixed yet.Overall - 3,5-4 out of 5."
,Recommended,394310,28079964,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gold Experience Requiem,"The protagonist reminds me of my meathead boyfriend:Obsessed with the gymThinks he's a superheroConstantly looks for ways to show off his ""amazing"" physique, most often by wearing flamboyant revealing outfits (or just outright shirtless)Kind of dull in the intelligence departmentCan't get a stable job or reliable incomeSuper-dependent on othersGoes to someone else's house just to get foodThinks he can get any guy (or girl, for that matter)Scared of drinking too much at the barDid I mention meathead?Only difference is that the protagonist isn't a massive scaredy-cat (*cough* p*ssy)8/10"
,Not Recommended,394310,21203862,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,quit or pro,"grinding, grinding, grinding, grinding, grinding and grinding... youre totally right bisquit!!!!!"
,Recommended,394310,30970590,Posted: 5 April,all,Melgacius,"1 – GENERALPunch Club is a Indie RPG, retro style fighting simulator. Seems a bit of a mesh of concepts but the final product is interesting.Sounds and music are very good. That traditional 80s environment very well made in this game, combined with sublime 16 bit graphics and a lot of pop culture elements added into the game.A huge rule in a RPG is a proper story, and in this case I cannot go that far. The story is good enough, but nothing fancy. It gets the job done, and that is more than enough.2 – GAMEPLAYWhen you start playing you will be very excited with every new action or achievement that you got. You have to manage when to train, sleep, eat, work, and that seems simple and balanced enough. At this point you do not have many strategical choices when fighting, but you don't care, you are having fun. But then you start progressing, and you get into underground fights, being a hero, having friends and a girlfriend, you have to save to built a gym, and you are always being mugged when you have money in your pocket.Then you start to get bored with so much grind. When you start to get annoyed you realize that probably you have made some bad choices when building your skilltree. And at this point I can talk a bit about the replay value. On paper it has a lot. New skills, new fighting styles, new training options... but will you play the game again knowing that you have to grind all the way through all over again?3 – CONCLUSIONSo, are you a grinder? Are you ready to work hard to progress very slowly? If yes, I have to say that all that grind makes the game very realistic, but I want to have fun in a game, and at some point Punch Club becomes a full time job, and that's too much for me.I leave you some gameplay:https://youtu.be/XFhJy2Mv0Fo"
,Recommended,394310,28047049,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JoxerHD,"Punch Punch Punch Punch, Revenge Punch Punch."
,Recommended,394310,28392629,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RED_RaT,Nice game.... that's all go awai :P
76561198198789346,Recommended,394310,28350709,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,baldurjokull,Fluffy... NOOOOOOOOOOO... Fluffy even cried when he fell D;
,Recommended,394310,27488550,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alexander the Persian,"Good casual game for grinding, however if you want anything other than strength as your focus, you're in a world of punishment. I have found specialising in agility is tiresome as there is not a good variety of equipment that can actually help improve it. Strength however is incredibly easy."
,Recommended,394310,27396183,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Donkey King,Nice Game
76561198304860010,Recommended,394310,27368022,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TOMERATOR,"MY EXPERIENCE pLAYING THIS GAME [h/1]So i bought this game on sale for like 5 bucks usd, and it's on sale right now for that price as i am writing this review. The story follows a guy with (your name here) that has a tragic backstory (father killed, not a spoiler because the trailer shows it) and this guy trains to be the greatest fighter ever! In this game you can actually become a villain for money or just do things the right way. The game is all about training your fighter to be strong and fight people for skill points and get better at fighting. this seems easy but you have to work eat and sleep, like any other simulation game, but in retro graphics :D Anyways i put the whoa dude award on this game because while i was working out and beating up people it gave me satisfaction that no other game has given me before. I'm about halfway done with the  game and i've enjoyed my experience so far. Great soundtrack, dainty graphics, a cool automatic fighting style, and a girl to hit on. I reccomend this game to people looking for a casual gaming experience that requires pointing and clicking, but not for people looking for button mashing and fighting. This game is more for grinding, and in the end i give this game 9/10 because i like it and will continue to play it."
,Recommended,394310,27353759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[TATAU] Droga11,Consegue me manter ocupado com uma mecânica muito simples.
,Recommended,394310,27351564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Succ Master,"Amazing and unique gameplay, interesting story, comical subplots, funny dialogue, and a 100% chance of addiction. 10/10"
,Recommended,394310,27309303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FishBone,A trip down 90's memory lane. A definite recommendation to anyone that played or watched movies in the 90's!
,Recommended,394310,27330053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChefHazmat,Great game and runs flawlessly on older computers.
,Recommended,394310,27713310,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Omesepelepe,"A tiny adictive game with lot of fun references to fighting movies. Available on mobile as well and the sync works perfectly, continue your progression on the go!"
,Recommended,394310,27852305,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Striker,Cold War 2.0
,Not Recommended,394310,26720946,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,p_nut_uk,"Started off great, but very quickly turned into a hellish grindfest, also despite out-ranking many opponents you still get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you."
,Recommended,394310,26900020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tanker,"This game gives me some really good retro vibes. I like the cheesy story as well. The fights are sadly really random sometimes, otherwise, it's a solid game."
,Recommended,394310,26838207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mayor of Flavortown,i lovew it
76561197995815191,Recommended,394310,26929698,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,scrounge mcduck,pretty cool retro fighting management game ide recommend
,Recommended,394310,26767895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MegaManLauncher,"Ok. This game is evrything you want in a sim. Heavily story driven, the game undoubtedly is long. And I. DONT. CARE. The game is so immersive, with multiple feels trips and even I cried. Combat: 10/10 Story: 9.5 out of 10."
76561198066717557,Recommended,394310,26927074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Black_Jack,"This game carries the spirit of the amazing sports/fighting movies of the 80ies!A rather simple game principle (you basically have to decide how to spend the given amount of time to be well prepared for the fights and during the fights you can only decide on general tactics or abilities and cannot act directly to influence the outcome), but it is stacked to roof with easter eggs and funny remarks relating to the movies mentioned above. Rocky, Terminator, Blood Sport but also movies like the City Cobra or the odd Seagal movie- they are all there.I absolutely love this game and can only recommend it for everyone who loves these movies as much as I do!"
,Recommended,394310,20816625,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,\Daveyy56/,yes
76561198237493678,Recommended,394310,27097954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IceX,"Great game, it keep you sticked there trying to improve always more, i liked the story too (my advice is play multiple times and take different paths). Obviously it has not a great longevity but in 2016 i think there isnt a game that last long. If you see it in offer dont miss it, you will have some hour of fun:)"
,Recommended,394310,27466437,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AFEQ,A=Nice and addictive game. GOOD LIFE
,Recommended,394310,30845713,Posted: 30 March,all,Daii,"I really recommend it, is a fighting simulator, were you train a future fighter (you can choose to be a kicker, a boxer, or a balance style) it has reference of turtle ninjas, mortal kombat, street fighter, rocky movies. a good storyline, try it you will enjoy it. just a recommendating in the fights you cant control it, if you want to win, you have to train your character very well and most important focus what style because you loose stats each day."
,Recommended,394310,25371766,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Crizmikk,"Punching People, Crocs, Bikers Etc. Great Fun Game With Lots Of 80s References. Must Buy"
,Recommended,394310,31282487,Posted: 21 April,all,angelosnau,Great fun game.
76561197993347656,Recommended,394310,31299358,Posted: 22 April,all,jaaku0101,"Not wanting to waste a lot of time with stat decay I used the new 'easy mode'. I had a blast for like 2 days. Well worth the money I spent on this game. Good story progression, character progression, and amusing humor that folks who grew up in the 70-90's will enjoy."
,Recommended,394310,31247289,Posted: 19 April,all,Boofunk G',Good game for chill
,Recommended,394310,32971146,Posted: 28 June,all,The Badabest TPHP UGM 2019,Awesome retro game!
,Recommended,394310,33094882,Posted: 1 July,all,Weeburai,Good game if Intrested in Boxing Simulator Manager thing-ies
,Recommended,394310,33234735,Posted: 4 July,all,MIA KHALIFA,Nice game!
76561198174410550,Recommended,394310,33187083,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr_Gigante,"This can be a very difficult game if you are not good with time and stat management. Something I struggled with. They do have an easy mode where there is no stat decay which made the game much more accessible and fun for me. The only real issue I had, was that the game crashed every ten or fifteen minutes the first couple of hours I played. Haven't had much of an issue besides that."
,Recommended,394310,33180436,Posted: 3 July,all,Drunken Sailor,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394310,33314234,Posted: 6 July,all,Autistic Goalkeeper,one of the few games i couldnt see ending. train box train box train box. While u get closer to ending it gets harder. you do more of same training to do same box.
,Not Recommended,394310,30108763,Posted: 22 February,all,Dardhaz,"""Punch Club"" is a point-and-click management game in the shape of a fighting game. There is a story, where you witness the death of your father, you grow up to be a dead-beat with some fighting skill, but need a lot of training. As you go along, you meet a lot of colorful characters that will make you get stronger and, eventually, you hear of a tournament hosted by someone who looks a lot like your father's murderer.The game has a lot of references to fighting movies and even more 80s-90s references, as well as having a retro-style to it. As far as gameplay goes, you train three different stats that make you stronger, faster or more defensive. You also gain skill points and, if your stats are at the right levels, you can use these to unlock moves or abilities. When fighting, you actually don't input anything; it goes on rails and the result is dependant partly on stats, partly on whatever skills you have equipped at the time and partly on the opponant's stats and skills. These abilities can be switched between rounds and whoever knocks the opponent out first, wins.I want to recommend this, but the more I think of it... I really didn't have a good time with this. It just became more of a chore than anything. I know that with this kind of games, grinding is inevitable. But I feel like the grinding is what keeps this from getting a passing grade, especially since you tend to lose more than you gain while task juggling. That, and not really getting a clear indication of what you do wrong in the fights you fail, despite of stats and abilities.All in all, the most fun I had was turning in-game music way down, making a playlist of glorious 80s-music and letting that play on a constant loop whilst painstakingly re-raising my stats to progress just a little more. And even with all that glorious 80s cheese and in-game references... It's not enough to save it. Better luck next time."
,Recommended,394310,33375075,Posted: 8 July,all,ikeboy,8/10Daily routine:day 1 - work for food and moneyday 2 - sleep and do a sidequestday 3 - train and workoutday 4 - fightProsNostalgic funny cameos from 90s movies and gamesLengthy campaign with lots to doLadder mode adds some replayabilityConsVery hard learning curve. Had to restart 20 times to get the right build.Can't concentrate on 1 stat build like strength despite what the tutorial says.Stats decay is a bit too fast.
,Recommended,394310,33341814,Posted: 7 July,all,Bullet Time,"This game is so cool, cheap (i got it for 2.8$) and very replayable.There are 3 types of path in this game (in order to abilities), and you can pass :- Way of tiger: You are so fast, and you dodge a lot, playing with counter attacks.- Way of bear: You are so strong, and you hit so hard, but the energy is a bit problem.- Way of turtle: You are ""tanky"" and you regenerate energy quickler.The one that I love is the tiger, but I have played the other too and are fun as well.If you don't have enough, you can choose 2 ways to ""revenge your father"":- The ganster way: You are a ganster and you grow up with repect.- The famous way: You are a star and you grow up with fame.It is a pitty that It got that ending so strange"
,Recommended,394310,33427076,Posted: 10 July,all,Peter Licht,"Yep. There have been lots of positive reviews on this one and I can only agree. Good execution of the genre, decent gameplay, funny storyline, somewhat challenging.Overall a good game, go try it!"
,Recommended,394310,33394463,Posted: 8 July,all,Seijaku.kun,REFERENCES!! REFERENCES EVERYWHERE!!! But it's a good game =)
76561198052377946,Recommended,394310,33416510,Posted: 9 July,all,jethroSkull,"Little explenation on how to get started with this game. Ultimately the hardest, almost impossible, grind is at the very beggining of this game which will undoubtably deter all but the most staunch gamers.However, if you can get past the early stages of this game it ends up being fun and engaging and full of hillarious 80s/90s references.6.5/10"
,Recommended,394310,33499976,Posted: 13 July,all,fandrfa,"I've decided to give this game a positive review but it wasn't an easy decision.The story is very fun - the game parodies all those 80s-90s action movies and does it in a very fun way. You will see a lot of references to famous movies.Unfortunately, the main gameplay of the game is boring. The game has a mechanism what reduces all your parameters during the playtime. And to maintain your abilitites or to improve them you need to constantly ""grind"" - execute the same operations again and again.It is intersting at the beginning, but it becomes boring after several hours of grinding. I dropped this game because of this.Several months later the game developers introduced ""super easy"" mode what basically cancel the process of abilities degradation.The problem is that super easy mode is too easy, while normal mode is too boring. In the end I finished the game in the ""Super Easy"" mode. It was easy, but at least I enjoyed the story and the humor."
76561198190164062,Recommended,394310,29414404,Posted: 21 January,all,FTB_player123,"This is, by far, the best game I have ever played. Amazing storyline, equal amount of grinding, amazing character progression, interesting quests, etc. I would reccomend it to anyone hoping to have a fun time with a roleplay-based fighting style game. This game has many different paths you can take and you can choose your fighting style. It is still under development, but lacks no features that would make the game worse. 10/10 from me."
76561197995484011,Recommended,394310,29429667,Posted: 22 January,all,hawk6a,awesome game!
,Not Recommended,394310,29495025,Posted: 25 January,all,The Void,"I loved the stat decay over time. I had a solid schedule between working out, working a job, winning fights, improving through stat building, eating, and sleeping.Then I was robbed on a bus and lost $200 I had been saving up. From someone with less health, and worse stats. I was so close to finishing the playoffs and finally getting what I needed for my gym.And I was robbed on a bus by happenstance from someone weaker than me.This game only serves to put the player down. Just like real life.But it's a video game."
,Recommended,394310,29436392,Posted: 22 January,all,Pwnasaurus-Rex,Absolutely fantastic story and character building with heavy emphasis on resource  & time management. Only complaint about the game is that there is TOO MUCH GRINDING!
,Not Recommended,394310,21105870,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Greg,A great potential wasted on a mediocre game.
76561198193644967,Recommended,394310,29869476,Posted: 12 February,all,$cULLy100%,one of the most addicting games I've played in a while just wish it could have been longer
,Recommended,394310,29885648,Posted: 12 February,all,Scarecrown,"Punch Club is the most agressive tamagochi I've ever seen. But don't take me wrong: I used to love tamagochi. Being a relative short game, it does fine in keeping fun all the time. It won't get boring if you go for everything the game has to offer. In fact, it is challenging and may even be frustrating. But well, being a fighter must not be easy.With a nice artwork and a not so nice soundtrack (is not that bad, but you can't keep listening to the background music more than 5 minutes), Punch Club uses comedy and references to make a good cliche-like story. The fighting techniques usage may be a little confusing sometimes, and maybe the ""moves"" system could have used a better design. Still, nothing is ""bad"". Overall, it is really good.So, if you love life simulators, management or fighthing games, this is for you.7/10."
76561198026090311,Recommended,394310,29863670,Posted: 11 February,all,sabigbear79,"This is the ideal old school grind it out street fighter game with an auto combat feature.  It's strategy turned based on the training, traveling and income earning options through the game.  Choose carefully because there's no back tracking but that's the fun.  Restarted 4 times before I got it right but was fun all the way through.  Looking forward to part 2."
,Recommended,394310,29935090,Posted: 14 February,all,TrillaWay,"Punch Club? Lit, but i think its better on mobile (which i have as well), well not BETTER but i mean its made like a mobile game is, a good mobile game though."
76561198043776768,Recommended,394310,30057769,Posted: 20 February,all,andouLog,"Overall it's a decent fighting management game, with a quite good story, some old school eighties references and some nice pixel art. Soundtrack too is not that bad, maybe sometimes repetitive but effective.That's  pretty much it, once done with the storyline I think the replay value is near zero. Otherwise I would recommend the game, especially if you find it on sale."
76561197995933465,Recommended,394310,28928206,Posted: 1 January,all,Phantasm,"I bought this game because I enjoy management/tycoon games and I have to say I'm extremely satisfied with the purchase. Actually I purchased quite a few games this holiday season and this one turned out to be the one that was the most fun.I did however read that many people are unhappy with the way the mechanics in this game play out, I just wanted to say a few words about that from my perspective.If youre thinking about picking up this title because you're hoping for something of a throwback to Mike Tyson's Punchout (... Or any other fighting sim for that matter) be aware that Punch Club is not that kind of game. As this is essentially a training simulator, there is effectively zero control over your character while you fight. This game is focused on training and skill development and thats where the challenge and strategy of this game is played out.The idea is to train your 3 core skills regularly to keep them from diminishing over time (your skills slowly decay each day) so more training than decay will alow you to improve your skills, that means there's a certain amount of training that will keep your skills at par, and training beyond that point will allow you to improve. The challenge is that this training will need to be balanced with achieving quest objectives and earning an income somehow to allow you to purchase food and other training costs.Too much focus on earning money and you wont have enough time to devote to training and your skills will decay. Too much training and you wont be able to purchase enough food to continue training and your skills will decay. So the part of the challenge in this game is finding that right balance.That said, there still is a lot of strategy on the table in how you model your character's fighting style. You can opt for a strength focused approach, an agility focused approach or a stamina focused approach, if thats your thing. These different focuses require different training regiments and allow for different fighting styles. These styles can be tweaked and adjusted mid fight according to how the fight is going. Essentially you can incorporate different moves that play off of different character skills and have different effects according to how the fight is going.I also cant write a review about this game without mentioning the many easter eggs in this game. I'm sure there's more I've missed but you'll recognize many fighting-themed 80's (and other) throwbacks present. So far I've recognized easter eggs for'Fight Club' 'A-Team' 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 'The godfather' 'Snatch' 'Mike Tyson's Punchout' 'Batman' and 'Street Fighter' There's even Tetris-esque music at one pointand like I said, I'm sure there's more. It just makes the setting of the game feel that much richer and enjoyable...Anyway, there's a whole lot more content present in this game than what you might expect by looking at it. It is definitely not just a casual game. The quest options feel fully fleshed out and they are significantly non-linear to allow for multiple quest-lines to pursue at once. Additionally, the multiple ways you can approach this game allows for appreciable replay value as well.Honestly this game is a steal at $10TLDR: This is an MMA TRAINING simulator/management game - not a fighting sim. Set your expectations accordingly"
76561198030781984,Recommended,394310,28888990,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Magisnik,"As a Martial Artist and a gamer, I highly recommened it :3. I loved every min of gameplay. Funny moments, interesting story and good mechanics :)"
76561198143972439,Not Recommended,394310,28810832,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ZeroPantz™,Decay system. One con about this game that makes all the pros not even matter anymore.
,Recommended,394310,28776848,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lachie112e,so much fun
76561198246491712,Recommended,394310,29022285,Posted: 4 January,all,DarthBroda,punch club is a fun and easy game and has nothing complicated making it entertaining to play through out.
,Recommended,394310,31069382,Posted: 10 April,all,y05h1,"♥♥♥♥ing love 8-bit. ♥♥♥♥ing love games. ♥♥♥♥ing love this 8-bit game and you should at least try it out. First time I started playing I didn't quit until like day 69. Yes, 69. True story."
76561198021625231,Recommended,394310,31074394,Posted: 11 April,all,Furrfire,"yeeeeeah...This is a good game. Darn addictive and a serious eater of time.It's really just a RPG game, not much control in combat really. You just pick your moves and watch how it plays out. But the story is really good, the music is great, the game is packed with humor, and it had me smiling from start to finish.I generally don't play turn based RPG games, but I greatly enjoyed this one. The theme of making money as a bum, trying to find time to train, then fighting a bunch of low life scum in a dank shoddy arena for skill points and money was very entertaining. Along the way you will meet all sorts of people, and new things you can do. Very fun your first time through this title.There is some big balancing issues, where some talents are just junk, and others win the game for you, and trying to figure this out without an online guide can be some serious trial and error. You rearely even need to change move sets, so once you find a powerful combo, it's rinse and repeat to win the game. The game needed a way to speed up time while training, as that is where MOST of the played time ends up going, as many negative reviews on steam will tell you. Honestly I felt fine with how long it took my first run through, but in new games yes that part of it did get old.Also the end of the game on the good path fails to play the credits so I can't finish the game properly *nasty bugs* so that's a shame. The dev seems too busy working on the sequel to fix all the problems with this game.Even so, I liked this game so much I will gladly buy that next game! This game should be rated higher on steam I feel, it's too bad the few problems it has give so many a sour taste.I thought it was going to be some generic fighting game... instead I got a really awesome RPG about delivering pizzas to make cash and fighting bums to rise in the ranks to champion. Stallon must love this game! Good stuff!"
76561198026545670,Recommended,394310,28650745,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,olthadir,"Most fun I've had with one hand in months.Very enjoyable for the '90s nostalgia and multitude of cultural references. It isn't a fighting game, but a strategy/sim game. Easy to play, medium to master."
,Recommended,394310,28605057,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tow3ringNo0b,At the end of the day it's a nice experience for the graphics and sounds. The game per se gets very repetitve but thanks to the super-easy mode you can enjoy all the funny cut-scenes without the super-grinding required by normal game modes.As a martial artist I've found it quite funny although the fightning techniques make no sense at all:D
76561198348916460,Recommended,394310,28604538,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KingSavage,LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,394310,27894764,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GizzyDizzie,AWESOME GAMEBUT REPEATS MANY MECHANICS
76561198174393245,Recommended,394310,29165281,Posted: 10 January,all,supersayianhulk,"Awesome Game with a rich RPG feel to it and excellent auto battle system when in competitions.  The constant Grind to balance that of fighting and working to make your goal is too real!!! You want those ""gainz"", yet you gotta work to make that ""dough"" so you can eat and survive is a real life struggle!!! Makes you hate work forreal!!  Anyone who remembers playing Shenmue and working that forklift will understand!!  Punch Club is an excellent Sim Game.  Get it and love it!"
76561198056260632,Recommended,394310,29577764,Posted: 29 January,all,Chaossniper,I lost the final match and the game ended. I can't go back to try the fight again... I'm pretty butt hurt over this.7/10I hope you enjoy grinding.
,Recommended,394310,29388649,Posted: 20 January,all,maxcorps,"Trust me you have to play this. It's very 80's esq in a good way. If you a fan of any 80's or 90 fighting movies like Rocky, or kick boxer or the like you'll have fun with this. Something this unique doesn't come around alot."
76561198102773942,Recommended,394310,31120468,Posted: 13 April,all,Midas_MacGyver,"This game is incredibly fun and I'm pretty excited for the sequel to this game.It all started when I just looked at the screen shots and thought, ""HOLY S#!T! Its like that Kick Boxing game!"". Picked it up during a steam sale and that was it. I played Punch Club RELIGIOUSLY for that whole week.Trying to walk that fine line between working and training for my next fight was fun! Stat decay really kept me on my toes when I was trying to figure out what style fighting I wanted to persue. Then after my first run, turned off stat decay and became super sayajin.All I can say that this game is enjoyable. The story is fun and there are a bunch of eater eggs, and cameos that pay homage to iconic childhood characters. The replay value is there too! I've played through countless times just to see the different paths you can take in the game as well as the different fighting styles.10/10 would recommend this game!"
76561198273148298,Recommended,394310,31120487,Posted: 13 April,all,Fruit Jump,Great game but once you have finnished it once it becomes boring
76561198009436978,Not Recommended,394310,20435870,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BoredZero,"TL;DR version: Good concept for a management sim, suffers from a somewhat ""cramped"" beginning.Non TL;DR Version:The idea for a management/RPG game around a boxer is a good one, however the execution leaves a little to be desired. There are no doubt some that will find that getting started and the daily loss of stat points a bit much, especially due to the issue of making enough money to buy training equipment only to be robbed and reduced to half their money by a criminal.The gameplay itself is fairly self explanatory, click to go somewhere or do something. The boxing portion consists of you choosing a strategy and moves for your boxer, and then letting him do all the fighting. To my knowledge, there is no ""towel"" button to forfeit once a match has started, forcing you to let your boxer get defeated instead of throwing in the towel and coming back another day.Balancing your boxing career with your needs in game becomes a little difficult due to the daily stat loss, but that can be offset with a few skills - although that will undoubtedly cost you valuable skill points due to the cost going up by one after each skill selected. (I.e, first skill costs one, second costs 2, third costs 3 and so on.)I have not gotten that far in yet, so I cannot comment on whether or not there are upgrades to your house and gear to boost the recovery of certain stats.While personally, I find this game to be enjoyable, there are no doubt those who will find the balancing act a little tedious and frustrating.Bottom Line: Recommended, but probably best to get on sale until they rebalance stat decay.EDIT 2/11/2017: Punch Club has since included a ""Super Easy Mode"" that removes stat decay, along with a seemingly light-hearted jab at people who didn't like the stat decay. While this is all fine and well, this doesn't at all do anything to add content or any sort of meaningful counterbalance.This is at best, a lazy fix. At worst, it's condescension."
76561198116144598,Recommended,394310,30197910,Posted: 26 February,all,Kusu,"Many people in the reviews say that this game is repetitive... and they are right. But in a sense, so is life, isn't it?Before you thumb down, let me explain.This game forces you to make choices every moment, how much you want to work, how much you want to train, when do you want to fight, when you want to relax. Yes, grinding might be repetitive but I feel it's mostly because it's an authentic simulator of a poor guy struggling, trying to pay rent while also achieving his dreams. So, this sort of grinding to me feels very natural and compelling.I want my newbie to succed, and I don't mind wasting time on boring side activities if I know it's all for all his well being. I usually hate grinding, yet here I found it to be engaging and tense in a weird way.This is a seriously different game. Do you like the idea to impersonating a Rocky Balboa in both its boring daily life and his stage career? Then this might be for you. Some funny jokes and cool music also give it a nice boost.P.s. I've played mostly this game on my 3ds, so don't be fooled by the hours spent on steam."
76561198053830475,Recommended,394310,30254450,Posted: 28 February,all,Warriok,"I love it! Be the warrior you've always wanted. Funny and fresh.Only cons: I wish the storyline was a bit longer, character customization would't hurt."
76561198220586065,Recommended,394310,30254573,Posted: 28 February,all,elmoredaniel809,"Love it! Not ownly does this game acknowledge every fighting movie, this games excercises time management along with principle of ganiz maintenance is practical. The numerous different storylines and plot twists create a genuine rollercoaster ride. Ladders was fun too."
76561198017056364,Not Recommended,394310,20479783,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,CodeTiger,"This is a good game mainly for how they did the combat system. It can be difficult in the beginning to get money and keep your stats up. There could have been more content mid to late game. You start making a lot of money but there is not much to do with it.However the combat system is what makes the game. Trying different skill combos on different types of opponents to maximize damage to them and reduce damage to your character while not running out of energy is fun.EditI have changed my review. The Dark Fist has f***** the game. I become a professional boxer and yet there are no leagues, so no money from fighting and the worst part is the stat decay is so bad late game it is impossible to maintain your stats, when the only source of income is work. It becomes a boring grind while you watch hours of progress decay. I won't bother with punch club 2 if this is the direction the devs are going. It went from  Fun to Frustrating."
,Recommended,394310,31203312,Posted: 17 April,all,Worlds,Such a fun game! I played through it twice once on normal (WO Tiger) and once on hardcore (WO Bear)! I was hooked on both times through!
,Recommended,394310,29217516,Posted: 12 January,all,ЩЕⵢ,"A Simple but very story rich game that gets you ""Hooked""!"
,Recommended,394310,29187041,Posted: 11 January,all,Earl Grey,Played this while ill.Not ill anymore.Completed while well.Would play again if ill.
,Not Recommended,394310,29234184,Posted: 13 January,all,[Redacted],"Should i get this game?(Final comment: It's good for when you're bored of everything else.)Yes:There's RPG elements.It's a management game.There's ""visual rewards"" for training your dude. Meaning pwnage.There's no excessive button pushing.The graphics are pretty impressive for a pixel game.No:There's no control over anything, except for where you go.It's a management game.Your guy is pretty dumb, and it's mostly just like watching two hobos fighting for cheeze.Food is unrealistically expensive.There's an app for it, which is probably a better platform for it... sort of.Skills decay way too fast."
,Recommended,394310,33656657,Posted: 19 July,all,Not Flare e621.net,Punch Club.a Real Life Version Of Punch Out! Money.Stats.Moves.Humor. And a Story.Still I Love The Plot
76561198100823497,Recommended,394310,33715610,Posted: 22 July,all,ItsAGundam,"This is an addictive little game! I like it so much I'm putting it on my phone, as this feels more like a moble game.Think all those old Gameboy advance Pokemon trainer games if it ended in a fist fight lol.It's full of wonderful nods to every great fighting movie, Cartoon and even Novel. From TMNT, Fight Club, Rocky to Blood sport I wouldn't be suprised if they worked Chuck Palahniuk himself into this game. I wonder if they will have a nod to Lion Heart?Guess I'll find out in due time."
,Recommended,394310,33777849,Posted: 24 July,all,Aliulo,"A Rocky Balboa simulator with a meme-filling. Pity the combat isn't very good (run with uppercut, block, and dodge, and hope you're lucky)."
76561198285020437,Recommended,394310,33786686,Posted: 25 July,all,joeyrushton2005,It is a great game with a good concept but for the price i payed the storyline was too short
,Recommended,394310,33918485,Posted: 30 July,all,Shin 真 Caragenan,I hope you like to raise stats and fill up life meters because that's the main gameplay loop. There is a bit of challenge to optimise your daily schedules and the same goes to learning and apply fighting techniques. The story is a little bit funny so thats a plus. The bad thing is that It gets troublesome to advance later in. Worth a few dollars imo.
,Not Recommended,394310,33887860,Posted: 29 July,all,PathHyena,"I played this game for 12 hours and I wish I hadn't.  It was fun the first couple hours, then just good enough to keep playing, and then by the middle I just wanted it to be over.  Eventually I just gave up, my freakin' job is more fun then the end game here."
76561198045558341,Recommended,394310,34115086,Posted: 8 August,all,BLARGY PLS,"easily worth the 9.99 price tag.  If you enjoy management/simulation games, it was an enjoyable timesink."
76561198003227214,Recommended,394310,34009858,Posted: 4 August,all,thebillfish,sure
,Not Recommended,394310,34097752,Posted: 8 August,all,Gonzalos,"What is Punch Club?Punch Club is a 'fighting' role-play game where you control the player-character. The player-character will do the basic things a regular human would do: Sleep, Eat, Work and beat the living crap out of everyone. At least, that's what this game is supposed to be about.The ""Story""Punch Club opens with a short - rather boring - cutscene giving some detail to your character's 'motivations' before letting you fool around in theverylimited world. Before you can even arrive at work you're attacked by a bald guy with a baseball in a fight you cannot win. This makes you feel powerless and encourages you to make your player-character stronger than ever. This is done through extensive training, eating, sleeping, watching tv and working.After many hours of repitive grinding and gameplay, the story will progress further and further making you wonder where it's going with its story. To summarise: you have to find out who your father's killer is by beating up people for some reason. The story is very basic and mundane with highly forgettable characters; none of which you'll form any emotional attatchment to.Unfortunately, the ending is one of the most dissapointing endings to a story I've ever seen. The reveal of the father is shown in a cutscene with a few dialogue boxes and a ""dramatic"" reveal at the end - then the game won't let you do anything and your save file (which can be around 3-6 hours of progress) becomes useless. The reveal of the killer is overall pathetic and the way it's explained doesn't help it at all. Don't play this game for the ""Story"".GameplayThe Gameplay is good... as an idea. The retro artstyle does make the game look alright whilst you're staring at repeating animations hoping to get an extra skill level. Your goal is to increase your skills and upgrade yourself along a skill tree. To do this you will have to train to level up each skill or else the game will become impossible. Each stat is levelled up through training. To be successful, you must mainly focus on one skill, whilst simultaneously maintaining the other skills at an acceptable level. Training is a big part of the game and it is shameful that it is not more interactive / interesting as it takes up about 1/2 the gameplay (if not more).Your other tasks involve: working to earn money, sleeping to gain energy, eating to decrease hunger and walking everyone whilst also managing your time everyday. All of these involve repitive animations and add no real value to the game unless you want a challenge. You cannot spend entire days at a time just working out because you will get too tired or hungry so you must eat / sleep to restore these bars. But you only have a certain budget and you must work in order to increase the amount of food - and therefore, the amount of time you can spend training - to level up your character. Throughout the game you will be put into this cycle of working, eating, sleeping and training for (ingame) days until you gain enough stat points to win your next fight.On higher difficulties (Normal and Hardcore) you will lose a certain amount of stats per day. This is the worst mechanic in this game as it is completely random and can ruin an entire day of working out. At times, you can lose over 100 stat points for one particular stat. Effectively, you will be forced to be in the extreme aforementioned cycle but whilst also losing the one thing that will allow you to progress further into the story. I recommend you play on easy for a better experience at the expense of earning achievements. It's worth it to save yourself from the mental torture of losing stat points over and overThe fighting mechanic of this game is its best feature as it is quite enjoyable. After you have trained your character, you will be fighting in tournaments and arena for pride and money. There are many fights to encounter in Punch Club and they are all quite entertaining to an extent. (It will get quite similar after fighting the same fights over and over). There is a variety of opponents for you to face with their own character build and fighting style. Your goal is to make your fighting style supperior to their's. You can level up your abilities through the Skill Tree and this will allow you to unlock more powerful moves. This then allows you to figure out which attacks will combo well together and which ones do not - but this is a lot of trial and error and can end up with you wasting some abilities. The Scaling of the Level Tree is also odd as it increases in 'experience points' every time you level up making it more and more difficult to level up. Fortunately, there are many fights for you to be able to level up easily in the early-game; but not as many in the late-game.The ArtstyleThis is just a short bit of the game and it does make it look great. Although the animations are monotonous, the art makes them bearable. The Classic Retro look makes you feel like you're in an arcade with a class fighting game; however, the gameplay back then was more interesting than this. The artstyle is great for this type of game but it by no means makes up for the repitiive nature of the gameplay.The Very Annoying MusicThe first thing you'll probably be doing when first playing Punch Club is setting the 'Music Volume' to 0 as it is the most boring and looping music ever. It will most likely catch you off-guard before drilling its way into your mind and being stuck there.Conclusion (TL;DR)Punch Club is a good idea for a game but it is way too repetitive, grindy and boring to be great. You can have some fun with this game with the fighting mechanic, but the rest of the game is quite poor.Story:A terrible story with plenty of grammatical errors (not the main problem) and the plot is very basic and dumb.2/10Gameplay:Repitive grind of eating, sleeping, working, walking and training - which is made even worse on higher difficulties.4/10 ForEasy Mode;2/10 ForNormal / Hardcore ModeFighting:A good fighting system that lets you find what type of fighter you want to be.7.5/10Artsyle / Music:The artstyle is great but the music is ear-bleeding and boring.5/10ExtraJust something more: it seems that this game heavily relies on RNG in fights which can devalue them a bit as sometimes you will lose for no good reason even though you're much higher levelled. All because the RNG decided that you miss more than your opponent did and it is why you lost; not because your character isn't good enough, but because the numbers didn't roll in your favour. This only takes a bit away from the gameplay and it doesn't seem to apparent when playing, but just keep this in mind."
76561198254088709,Not Recommended,394310,34097317,Posted: 7 August,all,Arccway,"If it wasn't for the massive stat decay being inevitable and the fighting rng (to the point where enemies can hit you four times without your character ever getting an action), this game could be a lot more tolerable. It's definitely got a nice art style and music but it gets a little old after grinding for hours just to raise your stats and have them fall by half their value the next day."
76561198116095912,Recommended,394310,34093633,Posted: 7 August,all,Itssofluffy,Simply Brilliant!
76561198021780288,Recommended,394310,33711195,Posted: 21 July,all,DarkAlkaiser,"I like this game a great deal. I want to say I love it, I almost do. The graphics are exactly my kinda thing, the humor is great, the music is appropriate, the story is effectively silly to suit the world. I just wish it wasn't quite so grindy. As well it's possible to create a nearly guaranteed failure state for yourself. Still recommend the game. It's good, just flawed. There's supposed to be a sequel in the works. Here's hoping it's even better."
,Recommended,394310,24300299,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,✪Thunderbird  =DD,It was so good. I felt like Rocky.If you like retro games like this u can buy. Hadi MUCKS...
76561198277799918,Recommended,394310,34222670,Posted: 13 August,all,Zerox0,So this is basically a time management game.  You have to divvy up tasks and give each of them a time slice.  But the music and great story add to the experience and I would say overall it's worth the price.
,Recommended,394310,34218909,Posted: 13 August,all,"Cave Herpes Mechaguyver, Esq.","I'll try to break this into points, hopefully I won't forget anything!Fun factor/difficultyIt's a pretty fun game, doesn't have a really big learning curve once you understand where your priorities lie (there's a lot of freedom in this, the end goal being the same for everyone anyway unless you relish in just going to work and having a regular life, but then this game might not be for you).In terms of difficulty I didn't find it really hard, even on hardcore, as long as you do some research first into fighting styles and what's most effective. Sometimes it'll look like you're going to lose a fight but suddenly the modifiers kick in with the help of RNGeesus and you do a combo for an excess of 50+ damage, effectively eating away at their energy and health and winning the fight. That said, you'll probably lose.A lot. I know I did.Control and gameplayMechanics are solid, everything is done through point and click, there are pretty defined fighting styles you can adopt and develop your own way of cutting through opponents allowing for a lot of freedom. Specialization is key here - if you try to spread time raising your 3 stats, you'll have a lot of trouble getting anywhere. It's better to focus on a couple and adapt your talent tree choices to this. Each talent you get will raise the price of other talents by 1 until the max of 25 is hit, so you also need to choose carefully or you'll see time going by and you not getting anywhere, thus getting frustrated with the game.GraphicsVisuals are retro-pretty, even tho the movement of the main character sometimes reminded me of movement in flash games (sliding through the ground like it's trying to walk on grease).SoundMusic and misc sounds (training, fighting) are pretty cool, but sometimes it gets tiring after a while of listening to it, specially if you do long playing sessions.ReplayabilityEnough for 2 runsat least. Some people might even do more runs to see what the other talent trees have to offer.Achievements are gotten pretty easily also, so it's a good game for collectors.If you try to experience everything the game has to offer, you'll get all of them easily. Hardest one might be winning under 100 days, but as long as you have a defined path, on your second run it should be pretty easy. Other people might even enjoy this even more if they take their time.Overall a pretty fun game, well worth the price for the fun I got."
,Recommended,394310,35096779,Posted: 20 September,all,kantuno,"This is a very good, hidden gem of a game. It entails time management and thoughtful skilling, and provides hours of enjoyment for a low price. This game in my opinion is worth twice what they're charging for it, so get it now!"
,Recommended,394310,26903401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ガーフィールド,gg
76561198269339002,Recommended,394310,35006421,Posted: 16 September,all,rooneyback01,a fantastic game and I loved the pixel art style
76561198032223573,Recommended,394310,34939518,Posted: 13 September,all,[TcoK]aMaKoMaS,PErfect
,Recommended,394310,35217072,Posted: 25 September,all,part time retard,"to the developers,i was sitting in the washroom at mcdonalds when i played this"
,Recommended,394310,35285427,Posted: 29 September,all,RedWormCharlie,"Buy it on sale. It's got some fun references for 90s kids. The stats system is annoying because of the stat decay creating an awful requirement to grind the stats up. It's worth a one time play through, but beyond that it's the grind that makes one to say no thanks to a second play through."
76561198023895704,Recommended,394310,35373591,Posted: 1 October,all,IgnisDrakos,"I liked Punch Club, great sim mechanics and fun to raise your fighter, but the dialog sounds like english was not their first language."
,Recommended,394310,35330207,Posted: 30 September,all,ClaudeMC,hell yea
76561198066433882,Recommended,394310,35353231,Posted: 30 September,all,Slaider 35,"I think this game is 7/10 its fun and I thought some parts were pretty funny. However, stat decay is really annoying, you can get upgrades for stats but days are really short and the upgrades don't help much. (easy mode cancels stat decay) I have never encounterd any glitches. But the stats take forever to level up. THIS IS SPART- DANG IT, I MISSED!"
