user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,394360,24104168,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,pepehimself,">Start HOI 4>Play as Bolivia>Have nothing but five men, an airfield, a claim on a neighbor and a dream>Hire a general>His name is Jorge>Drift towards Fascism>Prepare for war with Paraguay>Train your men>Declare war on Paraguay>Win>Jorge is proud>Prepare for war with Peru>Peru is stronger than Paraguay>Feel intimadated>Jorge feels confident>Now you do too>Decalre war>Jorge was right>Peru is still tough>Take control of the front lines>Rush the capitol>It works, you win>You and Jorge are proud>WW2 Kicks off>The axis are winning>Prepare for war against Ecuador>Jorge Isn't so confident>Says Ecuador is small but strong>You don't believe him>You invade>Ecuador is strong>But can't last forever>You win a war of attrition>You and Jorge are relieved>You prepare for war against Colombia>You know he'll join the allies>You prepare to get Venezuela in a faction with you>He doesn't want to unless the war's already started>You Declare the war>Venezuela joins you're faction, it's called the Hispanic Nationalist Front>Colombia joins the allies>The war against Colombia is quick>But the war against the allies goes on>Jorge is seasoned now, has seen many deaths>All for the glory of Bolivia> You turn your war machine on Argentina>Jorge has mixed feelings about the war, thinks many men will die>All for the glory of Bolivia>You declare war>The war drags on, but you eventualy push him to his capital>You win>Many more men died that war>All for the glory of Bolivia>You Turn on Chile>You repeat>Brazil and Uruguay are the only ones left who haven't felt the wrath of the HNF>You have a score to settle with Brazil from what they did almost a century ago>You aren't ready yet though>You continue to improve your army whilst you devour Uruguay>You feel that your army is ready now for your greatest conquest>Boss fight time>You prepare for war on Brazil>Jorge thinks you can win but only if you beat Brazil quickly>You declare on Brazil>You start beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him>You take his capitol>He won't give up though>The war drags on>You're running low on men>Many men have died>All for the glory of Bolivia>You put on scraping the barrel>The war drags on>The U.S. denounces Fascism>The U.S. joins the allies>The U.S. sends troops to defend Brazil>Their units shred through yours>The war drags on>Your men die>All for the Glory of Bolivia>You have to end this>You make a desperate push for their new capitol>The Brits land in your north>You can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about them>You make your push more desperate>Your almost there>Your manmpower ticks to 0>You get the achievement ""No Country for Old Men"">Your streets are bereft of men>Jorge looks at you>His chest decorated with medals>The Desert Fox, The mountaineer, The Hill Fighter, The Ranger, The Engineer, The legend>He knows it's over too>You've won 3 wars together>You've conquered 9 nations together>Now you'll die together>All for the glory of Bolivia>You aren't sad though>You did what you came to do>When the new regime entered La Paz was a city of brick on a mountain>When it falls La Paz will no longer be a city biult of brick nor will it be one chisled of marble>It will be one forged of steel>Where the women are twice as strong as the men of other lands>Where the men carve nature to their will>Where the children play as hard as the foreign soldiers fight>Where all roads begin>Where all roads lead>Capital of the new Latin America>Center of your short-lived empire whose scale was greater then Bolivar could have ever dreamed>Whose people have hearts too noble for silver but too modest for gold>Whose hearts are of iron>You've made a city of legend>A country of two million you made into an empire which took half the world to topple>And you did it all for the glory of Bolivia"
,Recommended,394360,23486577,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Galerath,"First off, this recommendation is for the long term. Should you buy it now? Depends on what you want. In it's current state it's definitely fun, but it's not yet as good a historical simulation of WW2 as HOI3 is, nor is it as challanging if you play Allies or Comintern. However, I do expect Paradox to fix the game, because it *is* fixable and because Paradox are who they are.EDIT: And looking at the latest Dev Diary for patch 1.1 most of the issues I've listed are going to be looked at (https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads%2Fhoi4-dev-diary-june-17th-patch-1-1-red-ball-express.949237%2F)Since I've started with the problems I might as well explain what I mean:1: Germany is far too weak. It tends to splat Poland in 1939 then run into France in 1940 and start to struggle. This, obviously, is not very historical. Germany needs way more military and civillian production from the start because part of the problem is it just can't build an effective war machine quickly enough. France probably needs a difficult to remove morale penalty too, so that Germany can't get bogged down in trench warfare so easily.2: The British Empire is hyper aggressive. Historically Britain really, really did *not* want to fight another war, and did everything to avoid it. In this game Neville Chamberlain (Churchill sometimes doesn't even get a look in) is storming the beaches around Wilhelmshaven in 1939 at the head of 50 divisions while dual wielding bren guns, and he stubs out a cigar in Hitler's eye socket by '41. This really ought not to happen.3: Air casualties are far too high. Virtually everybody is out of fighters in the first month of the war, and production is too low to replenish. They need to either reduce the rate planes are shot down by a *lot* or increase production speeds, preferably a bit of both.4: Balancing certain air missions seems to be off. Strategic bombing is practically a waste of time, but port strikes are devastating. Tactical Bombing and CAS seem to be about right by comparison.5: Naval stacking doesn't seem to cause a penalty, which leads to the Allies sending enormous doomstacks of ships around the place, crushing all opposition. So much for the Bismark - it gets sunk in 5 minutes by *all the ships in the Royal Navy*.So why is this better than HOI3 and why do I still recommend it? Well all these issues are balancing tweaks. There's nothing critically broken in the mechanics. Some nations just need a few modifiers and some variables need to be tweaked.In fact I think the mechanics are the best they've ever been. In comparison to HOI3 it's a far more streamlined experience, and managing your forces is so much easier. No more screwing around with endless levels of military hierarchy and hundreds and hundreds of generals who all become interchangeable anyway. Here there are only three levels - division, army and theatre - and you assign generals to armies. Similarly, while in HOI3 manageing your airforce was such an enormous pain, and the effects of air superiority so minor that it basically was not worth it, here air power is much much easier to control and project and will be central to your overall strategy. Navies have also had a makeover although I haven't yet played any major sea power so won't comment on their effectiveness.There's also an entirely new production system which is 1: vastly superior and 2: makes a lot more sense. Whereas previously you ""built"" divisions, here each division requires particular equipment dictated by its design as well as time to train. In terms of equipment they need guns, supplies, artillery, anti-tank guns, and particular vehicles, all of which need to be produced by your production lines which you set up and control. The way that this equipment is then handled means that upgrades are simulated much more realistically. In HOI3 a brigade used the previous technology until 100% upgraded, and this made no sense: your Panzer 3s had little percentage meters which when filled magiced them into Panzer 4s, your infantry used 1936 weapons until *every single 1938 weapon they needed arrived* then switched. Here divisions use whatever they can get from the stockpile, meaning that your divisions take delivery of new equipment as it arrives and replace losses with whatever you have available. So for example if your tank production doesn't keep up, your panzer divisions will fill the missing slots with whatever old crap was sitting in the depot. Oh and about that time to train - if the Motherland needs divisions comrade, you can simply hand them a rifle from the pile and point them at the Germans...Finally the AI is better in several respects. For example it is far better at naval invasions now (in fact, it's a bit too keen on them) so Britain doesn't sit around uselessly unless player controlled (however, see above complaint that it's *too* strong now). It's also much better at manageing forces and maintaining a front line so it's not so prone to huge encirclements. It seems to handle terrain better too, and pick good places to push and excellent defensive positions (which can grind things to a halt). It also seems to be a lot less predictable and capable of pulling off some rather complicated plans - I saw, for example, Japan launch an enormous pincer maneuvre on China, invading from both the North and South and cutting the country in half, trapping most of the Chinese forces out of supply. It still needs a couple of tweaks, for example, it tends to go a bit crazy with the expeditionary forces (Hello 60 divisions defending Copenhagen...), and it needs to set up coastal garrisons more effectively. But I think that these are, on balance, fairly small issues.In conclusion, with some balance tweaks and a bit of AI tinkering, I think this will be the best HOI game yet.Edit: However, having played the game more and thought about the game a bit since I wrote this review, there is one mechanical flaw which I consider serious and which needs to be improved: supply. At the moment you only need resources for construction. So tanks need steel and oil, trucks need less steel and oil but rubber as well. Once a division is built it requires no resources, only re-supply from the stockpile to replace losses. This means that you can be fielding tank divisions without any oil supply, and this is, obviously, absurd and means that many of the historical pressures are not there. For example, Japan doesn't need to worry about burning through its oil stockpile every time it sends out its fleets. Germany doesn't need to worry about getting to Stalingrad before the fuel meters in the Tigers hit 0.This doesn't require a complicated fix, but it requires more than a balance tweak. Obviously divisions need to be made to consume resources based on their brigade composition, ships and aircraft need to be made to consume resources based on their tech level and engine upgrades, and there need to be consequences if the nation is low on those resources. Tanks need to stop when they're out of fuel. Motorised divisions need to suffer more attrition when there's no rubber for tyres. Fleets need to be stuck in dock, and planes stuck on the airstrip. The closest the game has to modelling this at the moment is that losses cannot be replaced without the right resources.I still don't consider this a dealbreaker; I've enjoyed playing the game and will play it more when 1.1 comes out and I have more free time, but it is a flaw and to my mind an oversimplification."
76561197993698111,Recommended,394360,32859811,Posted: 27 June,all,Felix C137,"This is a bit hard to reccomend. The AI is a bit dumb, and will regularly leave it's front undefended, and when fighting alongside you, will never move thier units into a coherent fighting force. I played France in my own alliance, and after wiping Germany and the rest of the Axis, we warred with the Soviets, with America joining in. America kept most of it's units off the front, forcing my military to bear the brunt of a full soviet assault, which was very taxing on my manpower. Eventually won, but I'll be damned if America didn't have 10x my unit count, with most of them in my territory, and only about 10 divisions on the front. On the other hand, I find it fun. It's fun designing units, and devising strategies, and picking the right time to strike, and the right things to build at the right time.That aside, Paradox has been very poor in it's decision making for the DLCs. The most recent, death or dishonor, honestly should've been a patch. They do the same thing for Stellaris, where MAJOR GAME CHANGES are kept behind a paywall. But, if Paradox pulls it's head out of it's♥♥♥♥♥ like many companies are doing slowly, than this may be one of the best grand strategy games ever. So I do recomend.  Just expect to pay about $70 for the final product."
76561198075481635,Recommended,394360,23422396,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,alexanderpurves,"Hearts of Iron IV is drastically different from Hearts of Iron IIIAlmost in every way better.Hearts of Iron IV manages to remove all of the extra complexities of HOI3 without sacrificing the in-depth nature of Paradox games.For example:I have almost 250 hours in HOI 3 and I still don't fully grasp naval combat.I have almost 2 hours in HOI 4 and I almost fully get naval combat.The one thing I would say is that personally I prefer HOI 3's graphics but that's just my preference. I know a lot of people prefer the new graphics more.Paradox rebuilt this game from the ground up, and in conclusion, made it amazing."
76561198041013501,Not Recommended,394360,32416278,Posted: 14 June,all,pardinas_82,"1 year out. 1 year to fix the AI. They haven't.But hey, we have lots of focus trees for nations no one plays.Whait, no, you have to buy the DLC to have them..."
76561197961771811,Not Recommended,394360,34539221,Posted: 27 August,all,EvilsBane,"My least favourite of all paradox titles. Its not a terrible game, however I can't recommend it due to the following reasons.1. Set up for DLC spam. The country national decisions are 100 percent designed to release DLC as country packs, and I think it took away from the potential of the game. With that being said, these things should be a part of the base game.The country national ideas for the axis and allies. ( Its a ww2 game )The specific targeting of enemy factories, railroads or most importantly radar towers.Command for blitzing through enemy lines.Historical portraits and flavour. ( maybe some jazz music for americans prior to war?? )2. No individuality between countries and more importantly military units. For example, the Russian T34 was the most feared tank of the great patriotic war, it was the tank that no one saw coming and the germans really did not have an answer for it. It was also simpler to produce and ship out to the front lines. In the game however, it has the same production cost and combat statistics as the Pz4 and M4 Sherman. I understand they wanted to make the game simpler for a broader audience, but I think this is too far. A Mongolian cavalry unit in Europa has different stats than a French one, as it should... I don't understand what went wrong here.3. It looks like the game was designed with Tablets in mind. The way you drag battle lines and draw offensive plans just screams android game to me. The Icons for production, national decisions and trade are also very big and look like something out of a mobile game. Everything in the HUD kind of looks like one of those old telephones for elderly people. The biggest give-away that this was probably what they were thinking in development is that you cannot simply type the number of planes you want to select, you have to click icons repeatedly until you have the desired number.Look, It's not a horrible game, I did have fun with it. I just think that for the price, there are better grand strategy games out there. If you like the RTS genre and really want an amazing WW2 strategy game, try company of heroes 1. Its a complete game not designed with DLC spam in mind and It has the same amount of depth as this pretend grand strategy.P.S. I believe we as consumers have to be more vocal about what we believe to be a complete game. A WW2 grand strategy game that released without the ability to ""spearhead"" through enemy lines, is not a complete game. They knew everyone would play as Germany and want to thrust tank divisions and surrounds soviet pockets, so they released the feature as DLC. This was not something that came later, this was the plan from week one of development. Publishers will push this on us as much as they can. Anyone who started playing paradox games because the total war franchise DLC'd itself to death will know what i am talking about. If you don't speak up about this now, you are looking at day 1 blood and gore DLC in a war game. Be vocal guys."
,Recommended,394360,30599781,Posted: 18 March,all,HeyNick163,"Its 23: 00, you have to go to sleep, butFAST AS THE WIND THE INVASION HAS BEGUNSHAKING THE GROUND WITH A FORCE OF A THOUSAND GUNSThe blietzkrieg goes just right and with a good mood you playOne hour later...INTO THE MOTHERLAND THE GERMAN ARMY MARCHIts 1 am, your day is totally ♥♥♥♥ed up and you know you will be sleepy as f*ck, but you continue playing, becauseMINES ARE PLACED IN DARKNESSIN THE COVER OF THE NIGHTWAITING TO BE TRIGGEREDWHEN THE TIME IS RIGHTIMMINENT INVASION, IMMINENT ATTACKONCE THE BATTLE STARTEDTHERES NO TURNING BACKTwo hours later...THE END OF THE THIRD REICH IS NEARITS TIME TO ATTACK!You cant control the situation on the front, its too late for you to think properly, your army is in ruinsAXIS REST IN HELLYour telephone alarm sound goes off as soviet troops cross the Dniepre at the same time with allies landing in Normandy. As everything goes rolling down you keep singing alongTHROUGH THE GATES OF HELLAS WE MAKE OUR WAY TO HEAVENTHROUGH THE NAZI LINESPRIMO VICTORIAThank you, Hearts of Iron for acquainting me with such a wonderful music group, as Sabaton. 10 sleepless nights outta 10"
76561198060694214,Not Recommended,394360,32089554,Posted: 31 May,all,Metal Undivided,"In a nutshell: the company that publishes/developes the game (Paradox) is getting painfuly close to EA/Ubisoft in how they run their business, if not even worse.Their DLC approach is absolutely atrocious. CK2/EU4 have both got a couple dozen DLCs over the years with a combined price of soon-to-hit-300$ - expect the same to happen to this game too.Besides that, Paradox has increased (up to 100% increase in some regions) prices in many regions without any announcement beforehand, right before the Steam Summer Sale 2017.If you're willing to throw some of your money away and are willing to indulge Paradox in their cupidity, go ahead. Otherwise, steer very well clear of any of their products, especially their Gra*DLC MISSING*egies."
76561198036235415,Recommended,394360,23436318,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,1 rooting tooting motherfucker,"As Germany remilitarizes, so does Mongolia. Mongolia catches China of guard. China now Mongolia. Japan not happy, delares war on Soviets and Mongolians. Mongolia make big boat and storm with the might of the Armies of Genghis Khan. Japan is now Mongolia. Mongolia now turns to its Soviet master. Mongolia is exception, Russian winter has no effect on the Mongolian heart. Soviet Union? Now Mongolian Union. Hitler request non-aggesstion pact with the great Khan. The Khan laughs and Germany falls. German Reich now Mongolia. UK thanks the mighty Mongols, Mongols thank UK by making them part of there Empire. USA not happy, they send mighty tanks and planes to kill Mongolia. Mongolia builds great bomb with the power of 100,000,000 Horse Archers. USA is no more. The Earth is now a just a pasture for the Mongol Horse to roam."
76561198267505221,Not Recommended,394360,32138692,Posted: 2 June,all,meowskin1,"So much potential wasted by wanting to make money.Its a great game but is very simple compared to HOI 3, some of the bigger problems come from the DLCs that should be base content and the brain dead AI. With this almost everything can be exploited, from Air, Sea and land battles (with Sea and Air basically being who can spam the most). The bigger problems come from late game lag, which means the Ai has more armies and things to manage which you would think it would be harder? No, because the AI has so many armies they put them all on a border, they take attrition then they have no guns and with that they can be beaten extremely easily.Not to mention that there has been a price increase to make more money, which is just another plan for the Paradox DLC empire to make more money."
76561198028170373,Not Recommended,394360,28004132,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Benzin,"Bottom Line (Updated 07-2017):If you want a complete/""complex"" strategy wargame, but with mechanics that actually make sense, is not full of bugs, with AI that actually works, and expect at least some support from the devs, I suggest you check out Gary Grigsby War in the East, or Decisive campaigns: Barbarossa.Not only are they both (in my opinion) far superior games, with better mechanics and FAR better AI, the customer support by the devs of those games islightyearsahead of paradox.Bottom line:This could be a GREAT game, but its NOT.Dont waste your money.Wait a few years untill its patched, bundled with the sure to come 50 paid DLCs, and with a high disscount.In more detail:I have a love hate relationship with this game.90% of it is great. It could be my favorite strategy game of all time. However the other 10% (namely bugs, a couple of broken/illogical mechanics, and terrible AI) completely ruins it.Its one of those games where you endure hours of frustration thinking youre doing something wrong, or that it will somehow get better, only to eventually find out youre not doing anything wrong, and it does NOT get better. Game is just broken.On one hand, UI is VERY well designed IMO and most game mechanics are well tought out. Graphics are beautiful, music is superb, and the game is relatively easy to understand.However, for me the following points turn the game into a frustrating exerience rather than an entertaining one:- No point in using the excellent tactical & strategical systems the game provides, when the AI is so utterly useless that you can just select every unit you start with, order an attack, and watch the game ""win itself"".- Serious bugs in the game have made it impossible for me to finish it. A country has dissapeared from the map (because it has no more land), and is both my enemy AND a member of my faction! (a member of the axis like me). I cant kick it out of my faction, and i cant attack it. So the game wont end because there is still a war going on. There go 40 hours of play out to the trash.- When you defeat a country (it capitulates), if this country is part of an aliance you dont really defeat it. Its goverment ""goes into exile"". In reality what it means is that the country dissapears (it holds no more land) but the game does not credit you for beating it, untill you defeat ALL members of its alliance. This leads to you fighting poland (as germany) untill 1946.- Dont bother thinking of defence, game will never be a real threat to you.- For some season, The land you conquer does NOT go to your country if you launch the attack from an allied territory, it will go to your ally. Add to this the unrealistically short range of paratrooers, and how cumbersome naval invations are, the result is that you end up spending time conquering africa to see it go to italy, or india to watch it go to afganistan. Most of the land you conquer does not go to your country.- Complete lack of ability to set victory conditions. This and the fact that most of the time you dont get what you captured (as described above), make the whole war efford feel pointless. You feel you dont ever ""win"" or capture anything.- No user manual exsists for this game. For a game with so many concepts and things to know such as this one, there is no documentation! Instead you are to rely on some ""wiki"" wich is mostly incomplete, and with lots of empty pages. I guess it was too much trouble to actually write and mantain a users manual.- Airforce is pretty much useless. It doesnt make almost any diference to attack with it or not.- Where other asects of the ui are great, managing your naval forces is cumbersome, unintuitive and troublesome. You cant even select units on the map!- No concept of reconnaissance in the game. You can have your airforce flying over enemy land, and still you wont know what is there.- ThisGrand Strategygame has no concept of fuel or money. Im not kidding!Yes there is the concept of oil, but you only need it to build the tanks, planes, etc. Once you built them, you can use them at will even if you have zero oil.Money? nah, armies are payed for with popcorn right? and trade? you pay for traded goods with... ""factories"". Because that makes perfect sense right?But you know what the WORSE part is?Paradox greedy, arrogant attitude. They are more concerned in selling us DLC than fixing the bugs.Yes, yes, they say ""they are working on it, and will release a free patch WITH the DLC"". But months and months go by and we have to wait untill they finish their dlc before we can play the game we allready paid for.They seldom intervene in the forums (even their own), and when they do is to block threads and defend their product. Never to help, issue an ETA on the ""patch"" or do anything helpfull."
76561197966835726,Not Recommended,394360,24136567,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pototron,"Unfortunately, as much as i like this game......and will continue to play it. I have to warn people that as of right now the game is broken in many fashion. Altought it may not appear to more ''casual'' eyes, the AI in the game is uterly flawed. Picking any nation in the world and steamrolling anyone is very easy. The AI is totally.....and i really mean TOTALLY clueless about what to do.  I will change this for sure if they fix this zombie AI and i really hope they do.Some examples.-If you are playing germany, dont expect the AI to attack mainland Europe. It just cant make any sort of worthwhile naval invasion.-The AI of EVERY nations feel compelled to send almost all their army in expeditionary forces across the world to fight useless war. Its very common to have millions of soldiers, whole armies, fighting for nothing in the sahara or in the Himalayas...and of course all the while they lack supplies and thousand die just because the AI dont care about supply.-While the army of everyone is sailing uselessly accross the world for nothing they never escort their transport ship. Again the AI loose soldier and equipment.....for nothing.(The italian have a BAD habit of sending almost his whole army to north germany, embark in (aparently teleporting...or more realistically folded) boats, sail through the english channel, while the english kill them in drove of course. Then go all around africa to reach the utmost important and strategic country of ethiopia. EVERY GAME- The AI is totally unable to use the army experience/template systems. This only weakens him even more as it cant field any kind of good units(template).  also wasting precious experience points in dozens of template it wil NEVER recruit.- The AI is unable to decide what to attack, defend or ignore. You can see germany conquering the russian and fighting well beyond moscow, all while the britsh and the USA will conquer europe without any resistance. Or the italian fighting desperatly for every inch of the precious sahara desert. While Italy is being invaded, they wont send any army to defend themselves.- Its so funny. In one of my games the USSR invaded romania early, before I (as germany invaded france). Then instanly after Romania joined the allies. The war was of course won by Russia and romania became communist. But it didnt ended there the war now was beetween the Allies and the commintern. So the war migrated to the only border beetween the two. North india, it was so ridiculous every allies nation sended whole army to fight litterally in the himalayas...well almost XD, and of course with no supply every one lost tons of soldier. And before it even began the war was already won by the Axis(me). This suicide for what......romania...wich didnt even existed anymore at this point....so you see its kind of broken.To me what is even more frustrating is that all these glaring and big problems passed the testing phase. Its shameful. Almost Rome 2 shameful.........."
76561198062163131,Not Recommended,394360,31167920,Posted: 15 April,all,Xenon98,"Hearts of Iron IV has been out for almost a year now and the AI is still completely broken, it lacks a massive amount of content and is very watered down in comparrison to HOI3.I just played a game where Germany decided to declare war on the allies and comintern at the same time. Surprisingly, they were winning.... that was until they thought it would be an excellent idea to take every single one of their divisions off the soviet border and deploy them in Africa, half of which were destroyed in the Atlantic by the British Navy. The Soviets are now walking straight to Berlin without any resistence, so what does Germany do next? They declare war on Denmark and Norway without having any divisions on the Danish border.After that, Italy decided that they would also re-deploy most of their divisions into Africa and eventually got completely swarmed by allied invasions, becuase even though the entire axis army was in Africa, instead of marching into the Suez to block allied ships from entering the Mediterranean, they marched into the vast nothingness that is the Sahara desert.Lets hope that one day Paradox will fix Hearts of Iron 4, becuase it has a lot of potential (the factory system is pretty cool), and not sell us all the missing/watered down content in 20,000,000 seperate, overpriced DLC's"
,Not Recommended,394360,23463937,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,McCuddles,"The game is fun at moments.Positive:- New production system makes more sense than previous titles and seems to have a more lasting impact on gameplay- Focus trees are a nice mechanic to add flavor into the game. Can be restricting at times.- Research is streamlined.- AI seems more accepting and willing to work with diplomacy- Being able to give clearer commands to automated troops- Variant units add flavor and can help make more impactful units- Most of the game is easy to understandNegative- Game appears overly easy, even on hardest difficulty, for veterans of the series. You can run the game on the highest speed and pretty much not miss anything impactful.- Game seems to end much sooner than expected (WW2 ending in 40-41, focus tree exhausted early, tech only lasts till mids 40)- AI makes odd decisions to automated troops and in deciding how to fight the war. Several examples of troops being brought hundreds of kilometers away just to guard one side of the front while there are plenty of unused divisions nearby. AI also appears overly easy to ""game"" and thus mass encirclements become common (more-so due to AI mistakes than your own doing)- Country AI seems to refuse to follow-up and take provinces, leaving sprinkled enemy provinces everywhere. Not a pretty sight to see disjoint pockets of France, UK, Germany, Italy, Nationalist Spain, and United States all over North Africa.- Incentive bonus to automate troops cripples manual control. Manual control is constantly overridden by AI control if you have the larger army set towards an objective. Controlling units should be other way around.- War in Europe is decided by how many fighters you can build, and that's about it.- Air Unit Interface is clunky and doesn't logically form well together (difference between airbase and air region)- Complete lack of meaningful espionage and ways to impact intelligence- No way to automate trade leading to constant ""Lack of resource"" popups. Should be able to set it so you can just get it from best source and save yourself two clicks every week in the later part of the game. (if there is a way to do this, I haven't found it yet)- UI and Map is a clash of color, hard to find units with the mess of units that are displayed on the screen with all the other things happening on screen.Needs patchwork. Wait and see on DLC filling out content before deciding to buy if you are on the fence. If you were a fan of HoI3, the game can feel like a let-down and too simple at times, so expect a different experience going in. More open to beginners and new fans of the genre. Would only recommend to players that are probably more open-minded in their expectations than I am."
76561198058212014,Not Recommended,394360,30133021,Posted: 23 February,all,Sgt.Rock,"Although complex at first, HOI4 is very fun with friends, and pretty cool with infinite ways of changing history or following it to the books. However I cannot recommend this at it's current state, First off, It has horrific AI, half the time you can win wars by marching straight into your enemies undefended capital. Mixed mechanics, some are great, some are completely terrible, EX: Not being able to kick other nations out of factions, Surrendering Mechanic is broken, you can't solely leave a war, it's everybody surrenders or nobody does, and half the time you can't do that either. Peace mechanic is broken, you can do alot in the war but get nothing from the AI. Horribly unbalanced Unit Vs Unit battles. Having infinite divisons on a single small piece of land makes defenders have a very rough time. Lack of things to do heavily increases staleness and lowers overall enjoyment, as of now, war seems to be the only interesting possible action mid-game there is just not really anything to do during peace, this is one reason why people almost never play democratic nations.Now most of this can usually be fixed by mods, thank God. However, there is still some that can't, Like the ""DLC"" Together for Victory, All it adds is attacking slightly different, British Nations get more unique stuff, and a few lend lease options etc, Which SHOULD be in the base game, I know most games have an overdose of DLC now a days, but sometimes it is just plain ridiculous (Looking at you EU4) Now I don't hate this game, I still love playing with friends and of course being able to change history in any way I want to, and still recommend this in that aspect, but it's still just very ""meh"" at the moment.Mutiplayer:  Multiplayer is an interesting subject for most games and is very useful in keeping games alive, now, multiplayer here has both a fair amount of pros and cons. If even a single person with slow internet joins, everyone suffers, game speed is almost always forced down to 2/3 which drags the game on and on. With how Wars and Peace conferences set up, in my many multiplayer experiences, almost all of people i have played with always quit when they have been defeated in a war, no matter if defeated by AI or humans  and always leave before the peace conference as well. I have arranged and played games with over 10 other people, and have noticed that some features can easily be abused (coups, boosting, etc) and how easy it is to (even in singleplayer) switch most nations over to your side. I have not yet tried the Co-op Feature but remain interested in it. With more players, of course you can wage epic wars to see who is the better tactical genius, but watch your human allies and hope you don't get backstabbed.Well, well, well, We have more DLC I see. However does this DLC add something extremely gamechangingly massive that you can't live without? No, actually it's quite worthless, I would value it around $1.99-$3.99 Not $10 for the little content they add, It mainly adds focuses to the Balkans, whiiiiich, the Road to 56 Mod already does, but it's free, and adds focuses and content to EVERY nation. Another DLC that should've been base game, apparently Paradox doesn't get enough money from the 120+ DLC combined from CK2 and EU4. Thank the lord that there is a modding community, because the base game gets stale and boring very quickly anyway, So I highly recommend the ""Road to 56"" Mod, it is free ofc, and adds an insane amount of content, especially towards late game, as most games (especially multiplayer) just finish WW2 and then immediately stop as i mentioned in the multiplayer section.~~~~EDIT~~~~Whilst playing with a friend today I encountered an entire game breaking glitch, I was Poland and my mate was Lithuania, Soviets attack me and I'm not prepared so my mate declares war on Russia, but the Axis was already at war with him, after a while of fighting and killing millions upon millions of soviets we pushed them back near Moscow, however, Spain had sent troops to Russia, and since I was not at war with the axis, and my mate was, (I'd be a complete idiot, as I was surrounded on 3 sides by Germany) I coudn't fight the Spanish troops and they couldn't fight me. This is when we encountered the glitch. Spanish troops could walk onto my territory and claim it for Russia for free whilst i couldn't move onto Soviet territory with Spanish troops on it. This led to my army being encircled and killed off by the Soviets with the help of the unkillable Spanish. So those 5 hours we spent on that game and the 12 Million Soviets we killed were for nothing, all because of a cheaty AI bug.*kill screenshots*https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/286695809406337025/364234727596621834/unknown.png?width=1058&height=596https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/286695809406337025/364234832613605388/unknown.png?width=1058&height=596**Seriously, What's wrong with this game? Paradox, WHY?!?!?"
76561198071989846,Recommended,394360,23521400,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,durkzilla,"-Picks Germany-Industrializes-Anschluss-Laugh because you're fascist-Munich Conference-laugh again because you are fascist-Invade Belgium-Invade Poland-Invade France-Vichy France --> Fascism-Become best friends with Stalin-Have Rommel invade England... with tanks-fascism-take over Sweden-make the rest of Scandinavia fascist-United States gets involved in conflict even though they became fascist-realize that Japan is blobbing-fascism-invade United States with Rommel (This time using modern armor)-take New York and Washington DC-lose Washington DC-nuke Washington DC-nuke Washington DC again, because you are fascist-Annex all of United States-support fascist revolution in Russia-all of Russia is fascist, and now you have a new best friend-British Raj finally falls, and World War Two ends-realize that the whole planet is a part of Axis10/10 would fascism again"
76561198027149106,Recommended,394360,25297359,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Amer1cangamer,">Be me>Plays this game for many hours then convinces best friend to buy it>Friend wants to play as Axis>I let him play as Germany>I play as Italy>Axis buddies for life <3>I teach him how to play in the first hour during 1936>Friend struggles to learn but he soon catches on>Friend then takes Austria and realizes he has a inner need to spread facism across Europe>I tell him to be careful and not start world war 2 yet>He listens for now...>Soon we take most of Europe and all of Africa by 1941>I tell friend to hold off the Brits while I take India>I succefully land in India and begin to replace tech support with Italians>Soon India is half way under my control when I go look at Europe>I see German troops lined up along the Soviet boarder>I ask friend what does he think he is doing>He replies with ""I want Oil..."">*Has flash back of when I first invaded the Soviet Union*>It was a nice summer in 1941 as Germany>I took over all of Europe including the UK>I then looked at the Oil fields at Stalingrad>*licks my lips like George W. Bush*>Oil...>*I whisper*>It was going all too well but then Winter came>I advanced too quickly and my supply lines were streched too thin>My men were tierd and needed rest from the fighting but i kept pressing forward>Then I remember hearing ""OOORRAHHH"" from millions of Soveits in the distance along with Soviet Anthem.>I mumble to myself ""what have I done?..."">*Snaps out of flash back*>I beg my friend to not♥♥♥♥♥♥of the Soveit Union>He says he can take them>I tell him we will both get Shrekt>He replies with ""too late"">I see germany declares war on the Soviet Union>I feel my heart sink and hear a voice with a Russain accent say ""it's all Oger now Comrad"">I shake my head and think ""No he can do it I have faith in him"">A few months pass and it is now November>India is barely alive when I hear ""HOLY F*&@"" from my friend>I look over and see my Friend has made the same mistake>He advanced too far and now the Soviets have him right where they want him>I realize if I dont act fast we will both be gang banged by millions of men>I quickly pull out of India leaving a decent force to hold what i have taken>My friend is losing ground fast>I tell him to build bunkers along the German Polish boarder incase we get pushed back that far>My armies arrive in germany poorly equipt>I ask my friend to let me barrow some of his weapons because he has too many guns>Now we might stand a chance...>I sprint to the front lines and begin to reinforce>We desprately try to hold onto the ground we have just taken but it is futile>The Soviets push us back out of Russia and into poland>I say to my friend ""this is why you dont invade during the winter"">He replies with ""but this is only one Front!"">I realized I forgot about Inida>I look back at India to see the rest of my army is cut off and is trying to survive>They scream and beg for their commander to send aid and reinforcements>I look back at the Easternfront and see the soviets still slowly advancing>""there is nothing I can do"" i tell them>they reply with ""W-what?"">*I cut communications with them*>I look up at my casualties and see them rise by a few hundred thousand>*A single tear rolls down my face*>that was about a third of my army i say to my friend>a few weeks later...>me and my Friend are doing everything we can to hold and more men are dying by the minute>I realize we cant stop the advance our men are too tierd>I tell my Friend to pull back to the ""make germany great again wall"">He says what about you?>I tell him I need to avenge those men i lost...>He pulls back and i despritly try to hold while he regroups>I lose men like mad trying to cover the retreat>Eventually he digs in and I pull back>The Soviets are right on my heels when I make it to the Wall>""This is it"" he says This is our last stand...>The soveits begin to attack the wall but they cant penetrate our defences>Morale +2>We then devise battle plans to take out the Soviet Union>After many Months of fighting along the boarder we make our grand Offensive ""Operation Chicken Butt"">The plan goes well at frist we took back all of poland and began to march into the Soveit Union>We make it as far as Leningrad and the outskirts of Moscow when we hear ""AMERICA F*&^ YEAH"">United States delcares war on the Axis...>We both♥♥♥♥♥♥our pants>Soon hundreds of thousands of U.S. troops come out of the Soviet Union and begin to repel our forces>We despratley try to defend again but it is no use, the American War Machine is too strong.>Soon Americans land in Africa and France>We train new soldiers but give them few guns to defend>We both then apply ""Everyone serves"" recuitment polices>Italian soldiers break down my door and take my grandmother saying she is needed at the front>""I'm sorry"" I say as they take her>Soon the Americans and Soviets are on the German and Italian boarders>It's everyman for himself at this point>I abandon the front and flee to madagascar leaving my friend behind>He calls me a traitor to the Reich I tell him I warned him>I look over at Italy and Germany and see them burning to the ground>My friend then sends forces to join my men on the Island>Europe is now under American and Soviet occupation with them standing off against one another>We both sit there and watch the world burn with spagetti and sausages>I look at him and say ""this is why you never Invade during the winter"">We both laugh and then get hit my a nuclear bomb11/10 Friend and me would get gangbanged again"
76561198029524203,Recommended,394360,23431763,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,timmycee,"So here is my first impression of the game after about 6 hrs of game play. I have been a Heart of Iron player since 2002 (yes, since HoI1. At 36 years of age, I consider myself a mature adolescent who is fond of strategical and tactical games) and played quite a few other Paradox games (especially EU4). My review could go back and forward a little, but I just write down the things I noticed over these 6 hours.I loved the movement the game has made since HoI3. The complexity level has gone down a little and it is somewhat easier to play and comprehend, but it has therefore also picked up a little bit of pace. Not a bad move in my opinion. The game feels like it has the right balance between pace, strategic decision making and low level management.The graphics are great, simple and very effective. I am no technical expert, but the engine looks comparable to EU4 with some enhancements left and right. The world looks amazing by night! The lights of the cities with planes flying above is gorgeous. The troop information differs based on your zoom level and shows just the information you need. The moment the transition from one information level to the other is made, seems a little bit off though.I played my first game as the Netherlands and determined my tactic up front. Align with the allies as soon as possible, retreat from my overseas colonies, make and hold fort Holland and give the allies an opportunity to use this beachhead. A tactic which worked out perfect and gave me a good view on the behavior of the AI.And to be honest, it seems to have some flaws in regard to tactical decision making. The game followed the historical developments and once the war between Poland and Germany had started, all Allies (who I could join at that moment) declared war and opened a West front. I was able to (quite easily) hold the province of Holland (gave up on the other provinces) and England and France came to the rescue. However, France off course was being targeted by Germany and Italy as well (same for Belgium). The French were actually winning the war with Italy and conquered Rome! However within a month after conquering Rome, Paris fell and the French surrendered completely giving back Italy to the Italians while it was on the verge of capitulating itself as well (Italy only had some minor provinces in the south at that moment).A similar thing happened to Belgium, while dozens of French and English divisions where creating and holding a beachhead and actually fighting back, Brussels fell and Belgium capitulated, isolating Fort Holland as well.The problem seems to be the victory points, which determine the outcome of the war. The conquering of certain provinces or areas gives you victory points and each country contains a number of points and it will capitulate after it loses a certain percentage of them. France for example will lose victory points if you conquer Dunkerque, Calais and of course Paris, for Belgium the majority is represented by Brussels. I would expect the AI to defend these victory points before moving attention anywhere else (so defend Paris before invading Italy). Also the victory points are now static, meaning that if Luxembourg para trooped into defenseless Brussels, Belgium would capitulate while in reality it probably could easily win the war. I like the victory points system in itself, but maybe a more flexible setup (don't exactly know how yet, but if Paradox is listening in: contact me! ;-) would be great.I also enjoyed parts of the AI. The troops I drew back from the Dutch Indies I used to help the Allies in other parts than Holland. While France was invading Italy, I recognized an opportunity to take Sicily. The English arrived just before me, creating a beachhead which I was able to use. The areas I conquered thereafter where recognized as English territory (not sure why and not sure if I mind it). Although the English had to retreat, I was able to hold most of the Isle, and the AI helped me by sending English troops, navy and intercepting Italian reinforcements. It seemed to work very well.I also like the option of volunteer troops. America, Spain and other allies send volunteer troops to help defend Holland, giving me extra manpower to defend and hold.The resource management system I still have some doubts about. It could be that missed some aspects, but the balance seems a little off. Steel seems to be overly important, while rubber seems the least important. I like the concept of trading and giving up some of your homeland factory capacity for it. What I don't like however is that it seems that you don't create stock. So for example if I produce tanks and need to import steel I will lose some of my factory capacity (fine), but if I stop producing tanks (or reduce the production speed), I will import more steel than needed and still lose the factory capacity. If I forget to cut the import I have lost capacity over time and did not get anything back (the surplus resource was not stored). How to solve? Automatic adjustment of import or maybe a warning if there is a surplus for imported resources just like you get a warning now if there is a shortage. Could be that I missed this maybe.Same seems to be going for produced equipment, although it looked there that there was some stock there. (Edit: Found it! There is stock, so no comments there).However the production screens and possibilities are perfect in themselves. Easy to master and understand and give the right information!All in all it is a fantastic game with some room for improvement. There are a lot more improvements made to game than discussed above, but they can still be optimized as well (drawing and making plans for your troops, the navy and air force screens). Everybody who was afraid for these type of games before can now join the fun and everybody who was already into these type of games are still very happy (like myself). It was worth the wait!"
,Not Recommended,394360,31641938,Posted: 9 May,all,Gh05t_Shi3ld,"The AI is still not performing as expected after almost 1yr, many features are strip and sold off as DLCs.I would suggest potential buyer to hold out until the developer fixed the AI and ensure that those striped features be release via patch instead of DLCs.I stopped buying EA and Sega published games due to the same reasons.This DLC money grabbing spree has to stop!"
,Not Recommended,394360,32421065,Posted: 14 June,all,Jandar,"Paradox , I liked your games and enjoyed them once you know... but sadly I don't anymore.Enough with your loyal customer milking policies."
76561198164312691,Recommended,394360,33998711,Posted: 3 August,all,NiceGuyNationalSocialist,This game has ruined my life. My family thinks I'm a nazi now.
,Not Recommended,394360,32007818,Posted: 27 May,all,Defaults,"As large as the ocean, shallow as a pool."
,Not Recommended,394360,32417255,Posted: 14 June,all,Mysterycow,Great game. Price increase and DLC are what this negative is for. We as consumers don't like random price increases and nor do we like DLCs that should be included in the base game such as Together for Victory or Death or Dishonour.Change this DLC policy for the future and reduce the price of the game so people can enjoy this game without having to pay ridiculous prices that were not required earlier.
,Recommended,394360,33772687,Posted: 24 July,all,PiZZADOX,Now I can make the good guys win
76561198111505937,Recommended,394360,34136626,Posted: 9 August,all,TheDiamondDalek,"World War 2 is cool, but its cooler when..America realizes the Communist dream,British people realize the Fascist dream,Hitler realizes the Battle of Stalingrad,Luxembourg takes over the worl- wait what?Trust me, its do-able in HOI4."
76561197999483447,Not Recommended,394360,27899602,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pizzaspy,"There are some great ideas here, like the new production system. Ultimately though, it disappoints due to factors such as horrible AI and a clunky battle plan system which you spend more time fighting with than the enemy.Beyond that I have soured on Paradox as a company due to: the sluggish pace of support post launch, the shameless use of DLC to fix the fundamentals, and refusal to even aknowledge the AI problem.Read between the lines: it's never going to be fixed.They are going to fiddle with config values and dangle the carrot of it being fixed each DLC, but never deal with it on a fundamental level. All the cool focus trees in the world cannot make the game fun when the AI can't even do the basics."
76561198098795061,Not Recommended,394360,31980297,Posted: 26 May,all,Liberation,"TLDR: Fantastic grand strategy title for WW2 era. Not a good HoI game.When I first got to writing my review in Word I never thought I would run out of space for this here Steam review tool. I therefore redirect you to the following link where you will be able to read my seven page review for this game.http://theflax.squarespace.com/maxs-corner/It is long but I think I make my point crystal clear and outline well the pros and the cons of this game, which is not bad in itself.I am a veteran HoI player. I have played every single HoI title from the very first one to HoI2 and its doomsday:Arma expansions. I have played 3 and I have played the excellent fan made AoD (Arsenal of Democracy) and DH (Darkest Hour). I am very familiar with the mechanics of every one and humbly believe I am in a good position to write a competent review which I hope will guide you in your decision to buy this game...or not."
76561198070045705,Recommended,394360,23448907,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Solanum Tuberosum,"When I started off in America I noticed an immediate problem; the Southern border with Mexico, a total mess of a country, was completely porous and there was no border security whatsoever. I began to construct the largest fortification the Americas had ever seen to rectify this. Of course, another issue was the economy. For too many years, the jobs were being sucked out of the country. They went to China, to Mexico, to Japan, to any country other than here. That needed to stop. The military, too, had been gutted by the incompetent administration in favor of failed social programs. Sad! That too, had to change. Of course, in the middle of all this I still found time for Hearts of Iron IV. It was nice, but needs more golf courses and towers. 8/10."
76561197976052300,Not Recommended,394360,26250948,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Grimlock,"The AI in this game is so broken it's unbelievable. Worst of all, i've spent 225 hours, on my 3rd campaign, before i realised i wasn't a strategic genius.Below is a post i just put on about how damaged the AI is.http://steamcommunity.com/app/394360/discussions/0/312265327166775278/I'm playing Germany now 1940 (started 1935) I have most of europe. I'm getting consistent naval invasions from US & Britain, of only a couple of units though. This starts to get silly so i load game into britain and find, they have 5k fighters and 2k naval bombers all based in the US (!). Whilst I have total air run of seas and air for all europe and seas around europe.Then i notice they are interwar bombers\fighters, the tech tree is barely dented. Then are building about 25 things in the production queues, most have only 1 or 2 factories assigned. They have no equipment and trying to train 20 infantry units. They have a total of 6 units in uk lands. 54 level 1 ships in port.The list goes on, this game is totally broken. My 1st purchase of a Paradox HOI game, and I truely want to love it, but this is terrible.How\where do i upload the saved game to show paradox how broken this game is."
76561198318218985,Recommended,394360,33956690,Posted: 1 August,all,ZestyBoyNick,>be me>noob>irish nationalist>download millenium dawn>play ireland>the brits will fear me>#forthenorth>buy nationalist demagogue>Sinn Fein prevails>North Ireland becomes free but is puppet of UK>not today>North Ireland capitulates>Britain declares war>combined forces of NATO attacks Ireland>15 infantry divisions and 2 tank divisions on my island>2 Russian divisions arrive>We hold out for 8 years>mfw i have 30k casualties>mfw NATO has 4.7m>mfw 2.3m are from Belgium10/10 would genocide Belgium again
,Recommended,394360,24168652,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Fyeris,"I had always been skeptical of playing the Hearts of Iron series of games due to their insane complexity. However, recently, due to the reviews ""complaining"" about simplicity of game mechanics, I decided to give it a go. I'll let you know from the beginning that I made a huge mistake not trying it earlier, as this game is phenomenal.Here is a run down of my first campaign:- 1936, glorious Swedish democracy.- I begin working on increasing my civilian factory production, hoping to become an industrial powerhouse.- Research begins towards improving my industrial ability, learning how to make modern tools and such.- Spanish Civil War breaks out, and Sweden watches from the top of the world.- My economy is booming as 1937 rolls around, and I begin increasing my Warship production. Sweden will become the Arsenal of Democracy!- Spanish civil war ends in favor of the Communists, and the USSR is growing in strength as it crushes Japan in the east.- Germany takes Austria, the Czechs, Slovaks, Slovens before I even realize what happened.- Suddenly, Norway begins leaning towards Fascism. BIG MISTAKE.- War goals set on Norway, and the glorious Swedish army prepares to force democracy down the throats of all Nordic people.- War is declared, Norway goes Fascist, and the United Kingdom asks me to join the Allies. I decline, but liberate the SH*T out of Norway and her islands within a few months. ""How about a cup of LIBER-TEA?!""- 1938 brings Soviet aggression in Europe, as Finland falls to Fascism and is annihilated almost immediately by the great Russian bear. Poland soon follows, and is made into a Soviet puppet along with Bulgaria.- Germany declares on the Allies, France fights hard, and is about to lose the fight when the glorious Swedes send 50,000 units of weapons to the wartorn country.- 1939: France holds on, and the rest of the free world comes to her aid. Italy capitulates, and Germany soon follows, as the USSR pushes them from the east when the opportunity is right.- 1940: Europe is divided between Democracy in the west, and Communism in the east, with glorious Sweden in the middle.- The USSR declares war on Iran, Turkey, and her middle-eastern allies. Sweden sees its opportunity.- GLORIOUS SWEDEN JOINS THE ALLIES, AND DECLARES WAR ON THE COMMUNIST FILTH.- Greece is the only country that joins glorious Sweden in her quest for global freedom, and begins pushing in the south.- 1941: Glorious Sweden takes back Finland, Murmansk, and the Baltic states!- 1942: The Allies decide that the opportunity is right, and send over 1,000 divisions of free peoples from around the globe down the throat of eastern Europe. LET FREEDOM RING!- 1943: The USSR is on the ropes. Sweden's 150 divisions are encircling Moscow, supported by the UK, France, Benelux, South American nations, Greece, Turkey, and Liberated spain.- 1944: The Soviet Union is now the Democratic Republic of Russia. Glorious Sweden takes Finland and the Baltic states as her prize. Glory be unto the free people of Scandinavia.- 1945: Sweden acquires nuclear technology, and begins the drive to crush the remaining Axis power: Japan.- 1946: Japan is a crater.- Swedish Democracy Simulator.I would highly recommend this game. I would gladly bring Glorious Swedish Democracy to the unfree people of the world again. 10/10 for sure."
,Not Recommended,394360,32417497,Posted: 14 June,all,AstroNFA,"Its a really fun game I've put over a hundred hours into, and I love Paradox games in general, they've made me fall in love with grand strategy games, but their DLC model is horrible, the price you have to pay for the very few features it adds is too high, it's as if everytime someone over at paradox comes up with 1 good feature to add they make a dlc out of it, and these price hikes that are coming out for some people really bothers me. I came here to buy Death or Dishonor when I saw the recent reviews, and I think all hold off on my purchase until they go on sale or the least likely option, Paradox makes a sane move and gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Either add a lot more stuff to the DLC or lower the price. The content you put out is amazing, but the way you put it out is just abusive to your fans"
,Not Recommended,394360,28120228,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ortizkiwi,"This is my first review that I am aware of. If this is your first time playing a HOI game, then you should be happy with it. It's interesting and you will invest a lot of hours into it.However, if you have any of the previous HOI's, this game is a joke. Once again, publishers feel they need to dumb down games in order to make more money. This HOI is incredibly simplistic and takes away a lot of the fabulous complexity in previous versions that made the game stand out. Research is simple and visually looks stupid with the fat buttons to make sure you follow the obvious linear trees. By 1944 in my first game, I had all national focuses, and 90% of technologies filled. The AI is dumb and very direct. They removed the complex diplomatic/intelligence structure. Warfare is simplistic with the front system, although some of it was interesting. I quickly ran out of generals, only to find out as I ""bought"" new ones, the same face pic came up for several of the generals. I had 4 with the same face. Why do you buy generals with diplomatic experience versus army/navy/air experience? I had 400 army experience, and could not use it for anything really. I didn't want to create a new template, so it just went to waste. You should be able to use it to get generals, improve technology speed, get combat bonuses, etc. No air commanders??I did like the way they designed Air combat. I thought overall it was better than the cumbersome air system from previous versions.Verdict. I am giving it a negative review based on my experience playing previous versions. If taken without any previous knowledge, the game would be enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,394360,31691369,Posted: 11 May,all,DF9,"I gotta say, I like this game. It's a lot of fun, especially if you have friends that own it that you can play with. It's a good game as is, but it could be god-tier if the devs would open their @#$^ing eyes and listen to what their customers actually want. I'm not going to do a full review but good god I just want paradox to do something about their DLC obsession. Christ on a bike have this game's features don't work right. Too much expensive, content-lacking DLC. They have a huge part of their community crying out for the broken parts of the game to be fixed and what do they do? Make more paid DLC. Come on, Paradox. Like the game (most of the time) but the developer... not so much. So much potential. So much. But it's squandered by the developers."
,Recommended,394360,34468985,Posted: 24 August,all,guy,"Taking ""Literally Hitler"" to a whole new level"
,Not Recommended,394360,28443191,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dr. Strangelove,"I played every Paradox game since the very first Europa Universalis which was released in 2001. They were always quite unique and allowed you to play as virtually every country from the early medieval times, through the Victorian era, until WW2 and even beyond. I must admit, I only play them vanilla just after release, and this is, perhaps, what I like most about them - moddability.EU4 really becomes a whole different experience with MEIOU mod - it adds so much depth, amazing religious and development system, that it makes it impossible for me to ever return to the vanilla version, the same can be said about Hearts of Iron 3, which was a terrible game when it was released, but was improved a lot over the years by the BlackIce team, and through paying quite a bit for more and more DLCs.HoI 4 seems different. It has a lot of potential, but it is extremely lacking when compared to other games, both by Paradox and other developers.Hearts of Iron 2 and it's most modern... spin-off, I guess - Darkest Hour. DH is based on a game that was released in 2005, but with some new great features, like decisions. Decisions initiate events or chains of events, which means that you don't need to wait for an event to fire, you can do it yourself. This feature has a lot of potential and is used by modders to allow you greater control over your country. I must admit that I like Darkest Hour much more than HoI 4 because of its great mods that greatly expand the WW2, create a whole alternative universe of Kaiserreich when the Germans won the Great War, or let you play in the Fallout Universe. HoI 4 lacks proper events and by far feels less immersive than modded DH. National Focus could have well been done with a decision system like in Darkest Hour, that would also allow more choices.Hearts of Iron 3 was extremely disappointing when it was released, but still I get the feeling that this was a better game than HoI 4, and is much, much better when using BlackIce mod. In HoI 4 you don't have the chain-of-command system with divisions, corps, and armies, something I really liked, no releasable puppets or lend-lease (you have to pay a lot for them wiht their new DLC), no air units, just abstracted numbers on airfields, region system which I believe works worse than province one, and the AI is laughable. Admittedly, AI was always a problem, but HoI 4 gets the cake for the worst AI in my opinion.When compared to Gary Grigsby's games, it lacks its detailed units, careful attention to even minute historical details, well-researched equipment and units, and its AI, which is much more challenging than HoI 4 one. If you feel like a real grognard, try those instead, and devs constantly patch them even now, years after release, to make them even more accurate and fun. It doesn't allow you to build units, and you can't control every front - just East or West depending on the game, but the combat is way, way superior.When Compared to Decisive Campaigns: Barbarossa it really lacks its great immersion and hundreds of tough choices that you have to make as a person responsible for Barbarossa over the course of of several months.Hearts of Iron 4 is very similar to Stellaris in my opinion - it also lacks features when compared to some other games of its kind, and tries to be more casual, but the truth is - it can never be casual. I don't mean that it has to look like Microsoft Excel with nothing but statistics but oversimplification is equally bad - like no chain-of-command in HoI 4 (only armies now) and greatly simplified air units, very shallow politics with just 4 sides instead of many ideologies of previous games, odd trade where you are letting others use your factories for resources, and national focus instead of proper event chains or Darkest Hour-style decisions. This makes for a really shallow game for those used to older installments in the series.Overall, I can't say that I like HoI 4, even though I tried. Bought it on day one and was disappointed. Waites for patches and mods, but so far, even with BlackICE mod, it is still the worst Paradox game to date for me, maybe second-worst if you count oversimplified Stellaris. The only feature that I really love is equipment production which, when modded properly, will provide a lot of depth and a ground for many important choices, similar to those of real-life - do I produce more Panzer IV's which are easy to mass-produce, or will I switch for newer, better models, which will only be produced in greater numbers after a long time. Except for that, the game is not worth it.And for the end - Paradox DLC policy. The newest DLCs contains nothing but features that should have been included from day one. Lend-Lease? Puppets? Been there, done that, without having to pay for DLCs. It would have been really funny if it weren't so sad."
,Not Recommended,394360,28389603,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,jpc1918 ---{TIL}---,"This went from enjoyable at first to realizig how much of a broken mess it is, I used to be fine with the Paradox DLC structure but Together for Victory was the final straw. The AI is still completely broken the game is a shell and unlike other titles important things like say focus trees are now DLC only.Now I hated HOI3 because I sucked and couldn't get into it but this is so oversimplified and so empty...it's near unplayable without mods and apperently new ""expansions"" aren't going to change that. They ♥♥♥♥ed EU4 when they released Common Sense by removing basetaxDon't get this unless it's on an extreme sale, it's not going to be worth it until it's cheap and you get the season pass"
,Not Recommended,394360,24646990,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,snortdog,"Hearts of Iron 4 is a game that has some good things about it but innumerable amounts of problems and bad things. When playing the game I feel like I'm playing as if it's in early access; it's unimaginable to think what the game would have looked like when it was being delayed. I'll start this off saying what I liked about the game.+The freedom of choice and 'what if' scenarios really do make this stand out from the other hearts of iron games; what if germany became communist instead of fascist, or what if it became democratic? You can simulate that with the ministers, and it's quite fascinating.+Units are also manageable, and can be manually controlled unlike in hearts of iron 3 where manual control as almost impossible as countries like the USSR because there are just way too many units.  There are also battle plans which are nice but there are some aspects I don't like about it, more on that later.+Great soundtrack, as to expect with most paradox games. Too bad they shamelessly reused some eastVSwest music.-+National focus is a pretty good idea, however it would be nice if you were able to make some manual decisions like in previous games other than being locked into doing them whenever the focus ends. There are also lots of countries that have a default national focus, and the fascism tree is quite overpowered, but I'm sure that will be fixed.+Multiplayer system is great, Production menu (not construction menu) is quite neat and tidy, minors are more playable, and naval battles are quite nice as well as you are no longer limited to creating seperate special fleets and can be more creative. I am increasingly running out of nice things to say about this game so it's time to move to the negative.-I should first off say what everyone else is complaining about; the AI, it's completely clueless on what to do at almost every moment. When world war 2 starts, the ai will likely send all of its troops to africa or somewhere else equally as useless, because it probably doesn't know what is strategic and what isn't, so it just distributes units everywhere. German AI if it has trouble will still DOW countries at a fixed rate, so if they have a front with france and denmark it will still decide to also war the soviet union in 6 months. Encircling AI is also incredibly easy as it just stands there and lets itself become slowly encircled and eventually killed because it's too dumb to move back. I've managed to invade the UK as ireland with paratroopers because the AI is so incompetent and killed all their units in a useless naval invasion against germany, it's indeed quite pathetic.-Games are likely to be over before the 1941 mark; wasting all of the techs that you could have had in 1945. I think it's because most people get bored waiting for outbreak to war so they just start it right off the bat, it doesn't help that fascist governments can war the instant the game starts, It's a huge shame since most of the early techs are quite bland.-Peace conferences and making peace in general are terrible; no longer can you make white peaces with other countries now, instead you can only make a peace treaty under very specific circumstances. When you do make that peace expect a minigame of 'trying to pick as much territory before the other person does' because everyone tries to nick every little piece of territory a country has, even if they did nothing in the war! Peace treaties are also tied to world tension in being if you take territory that is more than what you asked for, world tension will rise, but why would anyone care if world tension rised? More on world tension later.-Some things in the game are completely broken. Coups are just silly; as germany can just do a coup on france and make the whole marginot line fall to fascists, to things like adding artillery to your divisions in division designer making them unkillable, and being able to make forts that give over -100% battle efficiency in less than a year if you have the factories, making france almost unkillable. Why?-This also brings me to the point on how weak the axis is in this game. Because of how the system works, USA can join the war very early on, and along with the super overpowered forts makes france unraidable... unless you do something really gamey like drop paratroopers in 3 of frances highest victory point places and instantly make them capitulate; forgot to mention that you can do that too.-People say they like the construction alot; but being an old hearts of iron player I think it's godawful. It's good in the early years, but later on you can be building up to 15 factories at a time; if there was a mod that was set in modern day would people be building over 100 civilian factories at a time? Something tells me I don't think so.-While on the topic of simplicity; this game really is the simplist of all hearts of iron games. It's not neccesarily bad that paradox is trying to get new people to try the game, but that's where the learning process comes in hand, and instead paradox decided to cater to the casuals and ditch the old community. Things like dissent and money and espionage, all the things that made the previous hearts of iron games fun and dynamic are gone. Partisans are more of a nuisance than an actual problem, battle plans literally give lazy players an advantage simply for using them, and armies are now managed into either generals or field marshals. Generals can be assigned 24 units and field marshals unlimited units; something tells me thats not how simple the OOB is in real life...-Historical accuracy is also unreal; why does the Peoples Republic of China have a flag that wasn't established until 1949? Why is america allowed to join the war in 1939? Why is Iraq and Yemen/Oman not a puppet of the british? Where the hell is Manchukuo, and if you didn't want them in the game then why add the even more pointless nation Mengkukuo? How the ♥♥♥♥ do you mess that up?-And since I mentioned world tension earlier; I should explain how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is too. It's basically a thing that goes higher and higher when people declare war against eachother or do belligerent acts (germany doing rhineland). Problem is in multiplayer games people all declare war against eachother immediately since fascist governments can make war goals the instant the game start(how realistic), and this makes the USA able to enter the war very early into the game. Problem is even if you as germany don't make world tension, what's saying something like the soviet union isn't going to DOW the whole asian continent? The whole system is ♥♥♥♥ed; and needs major reworking.Overall as I just said, the game needs maajor reworking if it wants to be anything like other paradox games. For now I would stay away; but keep a close eye as paradox will probably come back from their summer break and start fixing some problems that plague this game, and then maybe I can change my mind on how I feel about the game."
76561197993869243,Not Recommended,394360,31490177,Posted: 1 May,all,Dodgers [KGW],"This game is still flawed nearly a year after release and it's so poor this is actually the first game I've been bothered to ever review.The tactical AI isn't great, but the strategic AI is awful and ruins the game.  Countries don't defend their coastlines leading to odd scenarios where minor nations like spain will successfully invade the UK in 1940.Naval ""combat"" is broken, with fleets never coming to grips with each other and combat between fleets taking months and neither side suffering any damage.The interface looks pretty, but is less informative than previous versions.  Even functionality like message notification options and the ledger have been stripped out.There are some postives.  I like the new air mechanics and production lines, but these don't make up for the problems.I bought at 50% off and still feel ripped off.  This game might end up as complete and polished as previous incarnations, but it's likely you're going to have to fork out close to £200 for all the DLC's, or some modding group will have to do PI's job for them.  It's certainly no-where near as good or feature complete as something like EU4.As a long term PI and HOI fan, this incarnation's current state and PI's stance on including core features in paid DLC's is very disappointing."
76561198028300613,Not Recommended,394360,33436523,Posted: 10 July,all,ColdFusion,"According to this game, all Hitler had to do was to get 6000 German paratroopers around London to win the Battle of Britain (maybe even WW2 altogether).Please fix the AI... the DLC policy as well..."
76561197961578221,Not Recommended,394360,31570094,Posted: 5 May,all,Edelbrecht,"Its hard for me to say but DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!.Its a broken piece of garbage and at its current state is only suited for multiplayer matches cause then you do not have to get frustrated by the veryveryvery stupid AI.Does this game has any plussides? Yes and no. It has good ideas but the execution of those ideas is lacking and amateurisch at least. We always get the promise from paradox that the problems will get fixed in the next patch or paid dlc. But I have had enough. The base game is just not good and badly developed. Its just to dumbed down and buggy.A few examples.1)If you can avoid a war long enough you can steamroll the AI. This because troopupkeep is non existent (all the sliders from HOI II and III are gone). Because of that flaw the AI will continue to produce troops (until he used up all of his manpower) and place them at the borders. Then attrition kicks in so he starts losing preciously build equipment. So after a few years you have AI countries that have massively huge armies with hardly any equipment left. In previous games you had to stop building units at a certain point because you economy could not keep them up anymore.2)Armycreation is so dumbed down that I have the feeling that paradox was just plain lazy and then made a pissjob doing it.In HOI III you could create divisions (some had unique names like ss units etc), armycorps, armies, armygroups and theaters with an entire commander tree in place. Mj General, Lt General, General, Field MarshallIn IV you build a division jam them in an army and assign them to a commander and theater. Theaters are useless they are just in place so that your lower toolbar doesnt get crammed with army portraits. Then they implemented a nice feature called the frontlines and defensive lines etc. Its nice but you have to assign each army with its own frontline and on a large front becomes very tedious. And the AI isnt helping either. Once you start gaining ground to lines shift so irraticly that you are managing more the frontlines then your armies cause overextending happens a lot. So something nice done horribly wrong.3)Aircombat and Naval Warfare are broken as hell.The creation of aireal units with officers is gone. Just jam a number of units on an airstrip and have at it. Or get ready to get frustrated.The mechanic of an airplane in my book is that is flies from point A to B. In HOI IV thats not the case. Here the airplanes pop up at the sector you assign them to attack for instance. German bombers are bombing the crap out of london. They are stationed in France so they have to pass through a zone called the english channel. Logic dictates that if I put interceptors up in the skies of the channel I will intercept the bombers before they reach the target right? Not in this game. In Paradoxes WWII simulator the people of the world use wormholes or warptechnology to reach the target area.And again due to a lack of any normal resource usage in the game airplanes dont consume fuel. So build 20000 planes you can let them fly for ever and ever without any problem. Never knew people in the 40's were that advanced.The same goes for ships. In HOI III at a certain point you had to stop building ships due to their constant need of fuel. Dont worry here givin enough time Belgium can build 50 carriers without breaking a sweat.4)Division creator is awesome and again the execution is shamefull and ill conceived.Why the ♥♥♥♥ do I need army experience to add or remove units from a division. Because of this you have to put your troops constantly on training in the beginning of the game to get enough exp points to create the divisions you want and need. But guess what once you start training your troops you get a nice 6 percent atrition bonus that consumes a lot of precious created equipment. I understand accidents happen during training but busting tanks and artillery without human casualties at this rate is to punitive. Like my army are a bunch of toddlers who constantly break stuff while smiling and pooping their pants. Also the organisation penalty for adding units is so harsch that you leave the creation of divisions for what it is.Its like paradox is deterring people for messing to much with division creating.My guess is that paradox knows the AI cant handle it and that by doing so we would expose the biggest flaw of this game and thats namely the AI who cant even manage the simplest of tasks.5)The economy that is non existent.In HOI III you could select a province and build stuff. Factories, Infastructure, AA etc.In HOI IV you do this for an entire region at a time and i find this lacking. It puts a brake on everything in the game. Everything is limited now. And that problem is seen best for small countries. They have few regions so they can build few factories etc. For instance Belgium and the Netherlands are small countries but in comparison with larger nations during WW II they had more factories and industrial power. Now they are limited with the regional approach of industrial buildings.Also factories in previous games used resources like electricity etc to work this was also a good soft brake for the game so that you couldnt factory spam your country to get 500 IC cause you didnt have to resources to use these factories. Now these regions become a hardbrake and its destroys the game for me. Now you have to expand military to increase your economy.The resources that are still in the game are used to produce equipment but the trade in resources in dumdeb down. The trading of money, military goods or other resources with a certain country is deleted. Now you just give up one civilian factory for resources. Again ill conceived and created to simplify the game.I can go on forever to try to convince people not to buy this game. Buy HOI III instead. The game has its flaws to but I enjoyed it more the this piece of garbage.I understand that people say wait a year or so and it will get better. I am done waiting. Im not gonna give paradox 2-3years of dlc spamming so the game might end up being good. The fundamental features of this game are broken no matter how much patches or dlc they gonne trow at it is gonna fix it.SHAME ON YOU PARADOX AND SHAME ON ME FOR BUYING THE FIELD MARSHALL EDITION.(ps: This is my first review. Normally I wouldnt spend time waisting it on a review but paradox disappointed me so hard and swindles me out of 90euros that I had to react and show that I as a consumer will not be duped ever again)"
,Not Recommended,394360,29731451,Posted: 5 February,all,Rapids,Wait until they put out 50+ dlcs
,Not Recommended,394360,33797050,Posted: 25 July,all,Fakka ॐ,"Pro first, since this is a downvote:- Nice Graphics, amazing Music- Easy to get into, fun with friends- It feels good to watch the battle, and it feels even better to fight a very close war lasting over 2 years (especially if you win)- You can play literally every nation in the game- I like that you can customize exactly how your army is built upContra:- Gets stale VERY fast, after ~30 hours without mods, ~90 hours with mods (took over the world with spain by now so im calling quits)- After a while all the countries play out almost the same, most countries DO HAVE THE SAME IDEAS- Certain things are very broken, as usual- DLC's are a joke both in content and price, I heavily recommend getting mods instead if you do happen to buy the game- Planning system sometimes does really weird things, some controls are weirdly mapped too- Horrible Performance for me after 1940~- No coring mechanic, no conscription mechanic, if you are out of manpower, you lose- Wars, Allies and Peace Treaties can be a huge pain- AI is just terribad, tries naval invasions with either 2 or 18 troops, sometimes in incredibly terrible spots (who invades the nothern tip of norway instead of france? thats right, this AI), doesnt react correctly to declerations of war sometimes, declares war in unbeliveably bad situations or way too late after it already had a reason for war, doesnt build their units right, yada yada- Diplomatic system is unfullfilling at best, political system is not really existentAll in all: Even if you are a fan of paradox (or especially if you are a fan of paradox) dont get this game outside of sales, its  simply not worth that much, and please dont buy the DLC. The way you enjoy this game is with a bunch of friends, all having the same mods, in multiplayer, on amazing pc's so the endgame isnt meaningless. If you wanted to buy this for singleplayer, I can hardly recommend it.And if you still happen to question why in the world this is a downvote even if I spend 92 hours and said 30 without mods were fun, well... the least a dev can do for the consumer is make a game fun on its own, but since this is a GSG, I would expect it to be fun still well 100-200 hours into playing the game. That just doesn't happen. Fun falls and breaks its neck sometime after you pulled off 2 different countries and then you can't go back without Mods or Multiplayer, or at the point where you realize most countries have exactly the same ideas. Thats not acceptable. Especially not for 40€, especially not for that kind of DLC you wanna sell."
,Not Recommended,394360,34798941,Posted: 7 September,all,jli003,"I now understand why isorrowproductions wants to die.Two words:peace conferenceIn all due seriousness, the peace conference system which is used to aportion territory to the victorious nations, is completely broken. The concept of war score is totally unbalanced, and the AI is so brain dead stupid that this game couldn't get any worse.But it does, oh god it does. Yea, early game is kinda cool, but late game is just an unending spirallying cluster ♥♥♥♥ of hundreds of divisions all unable to move because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ infrastructure. Bottomless pools of manpower that just make wars drag on and on and on.And at the end of it: lol, you don't get anything, UK is gonna puppet Japan and Soviet Union will immediately declare war on it while Japan begins the Strike USA! focus.Did I mention the brain dead AI?Why did I sink so many hours into this♥♥♥♥♥♥show?"
,Not Recommended,394360,24339403,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,CoolSquid,"Solid base, but riddled with bugs, and with horrible AI decision making. Some examples:Italy moves all its troops to Africa and the Balkans, leaving no defense at their French border. This happens all the time, even when Italy is at war with France.Germany declares war on everybody and their grandmother, even when they're already losing existing wars. No, opening a northern front is not a good idea when you're already being pushed back in both east and west. The same issue applies to Italy, who attacked Albania without sending any troops, letting Albania free the entire Balkans before Germany sent aid.The Soviet Union is completely idiotic, and allows you to kill their troops at a 50 to 1 rate. Keeps throwing infantry at stronger opponents.The AI can't deal with flanking maneuvers. Seriously. I managed to outmaneuver the entire Wehrmacht with 2 light tank divisions.The AI only performs extremely basic manevuers, mainly front assault. They don't flank, they don't fallback, they don't do anything useful.The AI literally performs better against a weak enemy than no enemy.These issues are largely unnoticeable until you've played for a few hours and understood the game mechanics, and at that point, Steam no longer accepts refunds.This game isnotready for release! I'd highly recommend waiting for a few months with buying, until the game reaches a more finished state.EDIT: As of version 1.3.1, most issues seem to have been resolved. There are still some AI issues, but the game is worth its price now."
,Not Recommended,394360,31064626,Posted: 10 April,all,[CN]Joseph Stilwell,"首先推荐这款游戏。9/10比钢铁雄心三要简单了不少，对新手比较友好了，刚开始玩会爱不释手，但毕竟游戏公司是paradox，现在的版本也就算是个测试版，没有大量的dlc做基础，如果没有创意工坊的大量mod很容易玩腻！这里推荐创意工坊里的east focus mod和east asia这两个模组，都是比较成熟完善的东亚mod，非常建议和基友联机语音开黑玩。这个游戏国内联机不需要什么加速器，（跟国外联机需要）因此这个游戏对绝大部分国人经济上应该都能承受的。所以我感觉此游戏的生命周期很长，游戏有一定的知名程度。当然比不上绝地求生大逃杀，英雄联盟这样的游戏。总体上优点很多。但我还是要给差评！西藏，阿克赛钦，藏南和蒙古等是我们的核心，谢谢。请尊重中国历史和领土主权！中国领土容不得游戏厂商篡改Tibet, Aksai qin,Zangnan and Mongolia are the core of China，thanks.Please respect China's history and territorial sovereignty!The McMahon line is put forward by the British government unilaterally, China never acknowledged the McMahon line.据steam数据库显示，大陆玩家全世界第4（销量和玩家数量的综合实力）见网址http://steamspy.com/app/394360仅次于美国英国德国，中国二战地位和如今中国地位在世界上也不算低吧，希望官方重视中国市场，尊重中国领土核心诉求。早日做出中国东亚相关dlc。官方中文可以和52汉化合作。直到我看到合适的核心改变或者合适的中国dlc推出才会改为推荐评测"
76561197998658140,Not Recommended,394360,31006179,Posted: 7 April,all,Pompan,"I do actually like the game somewhat - I've played a lot of other Paradox titles such as HOI3.Some parts of the game are really nice. It's simple to understand and utilize. I really like the factory, construction and production system.However there's an insane amount of stupidity in this game so I can never recommend it to anyone unless a major, free, bugfix is released.It's like a flawed diamond but with an asterix at the diamond clarifying that it is a useless lump of coal.Peace conferences makes no sense. Neither does war merging.DLC released with a pricetag of an old major title but with the content of a minor patch. It should've been included in the start of the game anyways.No achievements for USA, Japan or China and the USSR only receivs one whereas South Africa receives four - really Paradox?Units of the same type switch places along a front for no apparent reason, leaving huge gaps in the defences and forcing a route.Japan can super-easily defeat the whole of China very quickly. All it takes is for their troops to stop moving along the front and push forward instead. Japanese divisions probably move along the chinese frontier 2-3 times a year without even getting in a single conflict.Germany declares war right and left (well that's kind of historical) but without placing any troops near their soon to be enemies beforehand. This has led to Denmark almost capturing Berlin...Even though I like HOI4 I can't recommend it since the negatives greatly outweigh the positives."
76561198214244905,Not Recommended,394360,32567281,Posted: 19 June,all,Big Man Tyrone,"Oh Paradox, WHY??? The first 200 hours of this game were so good and then the dlc began to come out. I do not so much care about the focuses as I would actually pay for some of those. But, the breakthrough feature and license production should be included base game with the patches. Additionally, the dlc countries are able to overpower the majors with absolutely idiotic AI that has no clue what is happening. Please fix the game and add the game mechanics for free and I would be open to paying for national focus trees.Thanks,The most dumb AI player in the game,Benito Tortellini Mussolini Naval Invasionilini"
,Not Recommended,394360,26353228,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sigurd og andre folk,"* This is Paradox's equivalent of Civilization Beyond Earth or Sims 3. The game lacks tons of stuff and we know it's coming in DLCs we have to pay for. I didn't buy Beyond Earth and I shouldn't have bought this, but I hoped it would be fun somehow.* It also has a huge AI problem. Your allies and enemies will suddently abandon frontlines to go and fight somewhere else and then let their capitals get swarmed. I once lost because France and England sent all their troops to africa and just let Germany take Paris.* The peace deals at the end also suck, your allies will take land that wouldn't make sense to take, like Japan taking Greece, ruining a potential WW3 because the borders are so♥♥♥♥♥♥ After you have won the 1 big faction vs faction war its over. The game also lacks countries to release, they added a bunch of USSR countries but need more. You should also be able to end the war without completely taking over another country. It makes no sense that there isn't a proper surrender option.* The battleplan system needs work, even with the things they added the AI still isn't aggressive enough, but I guess I will have to pay for that with the blitzkrieg option they add in the upcoming DLC (ffs paradox, this should be free). The garrison option doesn't make your troops defend the harbors properly either, meaning you will have to do that manually.TBH the game has a ton of good stuff, but there is all this bs that ruins EVERY game I play that it just isn't worth it in the end. Maybe a year from now it won't suck with a bunch of patches (some I will have to pay for) but for now this is definitely a regret purchase. It's weird that it's 80% good review but all the top ones says it sucks."
,Not Recommended,394360,32417020,Posted: 14 June,all,Sirch13,selling DLC for 10bucks and its even worse than free mod?
76561198007887964,Not Recommended,394360,33755362,Posted: 23 July,all,Lord Stannis Baratheon,"A lot of potential, but ruined by a few horrible design choices.Also, you can buy core missing features for a ridiculous price."
,Not Recommended,394360,32493165,Posted: 16 June,all,Yonke,Fun game with an abosulutely terrible dlc policy
76561198004566322,Not Recommended,394360,25757830,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Deaston,"It's still broken. The A.I. will randomly move it's entire army from a major front. E.g. Germany will move it's entire army away from the eastern front. Guess what happens next? There are also other game breaking bugs like with Poland and the Molotov-Ribbentrop event firing even if Poland is a part of the axis. Until Paradox bothers to fix bugs like these I cannot recommend this game. It's a nice game, but the bugs are terrible and in some cases game breaking."
,Not Recommended,394360,31244276,Posted: 19 April,all,Bacon,"A basic summary; Mods are the only thing that make the Game Fun. Thats the Gist of it, there are NO redeeming features incoming, atleast; Not for Free. If you want to pay for your patches, then your in luck, you can buy, buy, buy till that whole thing is all Sound and Round, but your going to have to brace for the second wave of Basic♥♥♥♥♥♥ like being able to buy Production Licensed vehicles.Some of you might be confused by that ""Well, duh; Buying Production Licensed vehicles in Game with the Money system is Obvious, thats how it worked in Hearts of Iron III!"". Let me Explain; I mean, to use a now dumbed down Producion License System where you use Political Power points and Diplomatic relations to get these Production Licensed Equipment, Artillery Pieces or Aircraft (Ostensinly for free or some♥♥♥♥♥♥, You must NOW buy a DLC to get the ABILITY to do it.Not for a patch, not an update; no, a DLC. Gouging your Customers for every penny has never been so much fun! Fun being if you have Mods installed. and aren't dependent upon the Vanilla game, because otherwise; Tough ♥♥♥♥♥, you can ♥♥♥♥ yourself sideways for all the Vanilla product gives you, and get better immersion that way, than a shallow, tepid puddle of what is supposedly an Improvement upon the Venerable Hearts of Iron Series. Mediocre Cubed."
,Recommended,394360,24965777,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Megadesk,">Be me, noob to Hearts of Iron in general>Decide to buy the newest one coming out, looks interesting>Download and install, start playing>Decide to start as the glorious American nation because what else>Spend a few years decking out my army, trying to not be poor>Fail at not being poor, the Great Depression is kicking my♥♥♥♥♥>1940 rolls around, no more poorness, glorious American people can be fat and wealthy again>Hitler is currently steamrolling France and Poland, no signs of being stopped>Actiontime.jpg>Declare war on the Germans, all the Axis declare back on me including Japan>u wot m8>Send my superior navy to go kill off the Japanese>Make a ton of marines and tell them to invade Okinawa and Iwojima>Have both islands by 1942>mfw>Start bombing the literal♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the Japanese, need to destroy all the weebs>Move onto the Germans and Italians since Japan is a literal fortress of weebness>Launch a massive invasion of Africa, all my troops start to die in the desert but we take back land>Dying for freedom is glorious>Africa is finally the Allies, at the cost of over 300,000 American lives>Move onto trying to reenact D-Day>By this point 1944 is almost here, start to hope to finish the war by the end of 1944>Naval invade the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Germany>Americans make it safetly, freedom is coming ♥♥♥♥♥es>German army shows up>Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥>Americans start dying>More dying>This is bad news bears>So many dead>Finally Germany starts to run out of manpower, starts to be able to be pushed back>By this point the Soviets are in the war, also beating the Germans, we start racing towards Berlin>Soviets beat us to Berlin>goddammit.jpg>Germany collapses, only Italians and Japanese are left>Invade Japan, no nukes needed>Japanese die fast thanks to Soviet help>Start to invade Italy>British army suddenly decides to land, finally decides to help in the end of the war>Italy capitulates>Over a million American casualities>Blame my generals for the loss of life>Peace conference rolls around, puppet everything>Everything must be free>EVERYTHING>Decide that's enough puppeting, click done>Greece somehow gets nearly all of Germany's lands, is now a superpower>what>mfw you very nearly recreate WW II but Greece has to ♥♥♥♥ it up"
76561197961372576,Not Recommended,394360,25236982,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Delor,"Hearts of Iron IV is broken, plain and simple.  It's near impossible to review because the AI simply does not know how to play the game.  The simple basic task of researching along the tech tree and integrating new vehicles into its divisions is beyond it- expect lots of infantry and light tanks, and not much else.The more complicated task of deciding which fronts to send units and in what quantity?  Forget about it.  Expect to see Germany conquer France, gift France away to Italy and Spain, and then assign all of its divisions to watch the neutral Soviet border and defend its African holdings as the Allies retake all of France, Italy, and Germany's SE European allies completely unopposed.British conquering ports in northern Germany to land troops in?  Barely worth noticing, when some patch of desert in Africa needs men to stare into it from the border!Given this, it's hard to even assess the other aspects of Hearts of Iron 4.  Ground combat seems to mostly work, naval and air combat less so, but if the AI can't even play the game little else matters.The core game is actually very interesting.  The front system promises and mostly provides a convenient way to organize large quantities of men in a defense or assault, when the AI isn't needlessly shuffling units back and fourth from territory-to-territory and front-to-front like it's worried that its men will become couch potatoes if they don't constantly march.  The equipment production system and division design systems are delightful.If in a year or two, the development team can teach the AI how to play the game, this could be a very interesting product.  I'm far more interested in it and it's future than Paradox's other recent unfinished dud, Stellaris.  For now, however, give it a pass- maybe in 2018 there will be something here worth giving a try."
,Not Recommended,394360,34698826,Posted: 2 September,all,Trexmix,"The base content is terrible: the only unique focus trees are the 7 or so major nations. The AI is broken and terrible, and the DLC model looks to follow EU4's, which is just awful. However, it's even worse since these expansions pretty much only contain stuff that should already be in the base game."
76561198210296971,Not Recommended,394360,25129515,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gary,"The game uses a ""World Tension"" mechanic that I find extremely boring, frustrating, and that I believe was most likely an attempt at avoiding the challenge of programming a real AI that could actually respond in the national interests of each nation.Instead of countries doing what would benefit them, once world tension reaches a certain point they will guarantee the independence of any nation, no matter how small and insignificant, no matter it's lack of strategic significance to the guaranteeing country, resulting in endless wars that make no strategic sense.  For example, the only difference between whether or not Brittan declares war on Germany when Germany makes a move on Poland is whether or not World tension is above or below 25%.Also the battle plan system is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥  It looks like a good system at first glance.  But when I started watching my units more closely in large offensives they were doing some really strange things.  They would stall out, stopping their advance well before reaching their objectives, even when the enemy they were facing was inferior.  I often found units moving from one end of my front line to the other for no apparent reason. It was not at all unusual to see infantry units swapping places along extend fronts.  Infantry at the extreme north end of an offensive line would suddenly move to the south, while infantry of the same type would move from the south to the north.  It made no ♥♥♥♥ing sense.A lot of the problems aren't apparent until you're well into the game.  I didn't really understand how ♥♥♥♥ed up the world tension mechanic was until I was trying my forth play through and started looking at online discussions to try and understand why the AI was doing such stupid things.  I didn't notice the problem with battle plans until my last play though.I grabbed a couple of mods that nerf the world tension mechanic, but when I went to start another game, I found myself exiting out as soon as it started.  I just couldn't bear to play another moment.  And to be honest, I can't really say I enjoyed any of my time with the game.  The thing is, it take so long to figure out what is going on that by the time you realize how ♥♥♥♥ed up it is you are way past the 2 hour refund period.Edit: Fixed spelling"
76561198108739339,Not Recommended,394360,32436475,Posted: 15 June,all,Rookie,"DLC Hell, Paradox is ruining its reputation."
76561197987280662,Not Recommended,394360,23843908,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,josija21,"I'm a big fan of the series but they dumbed down almost every element of the game (compared to HOI 3&2). This may makes the game more accessible but it ruins all of the joy and long term motivation of the game.The new game should allways have more (and better working) features than the predecessor, not less!Main Issues are:-Bad, very, very bad AI. How come the AI has become worse than in the previous games?! The Lines of AI-generals look like swiss cheese and as long as they feel superior in numbers they keep attacking in the most self-destructing ways, without any regard for there losses and the value of the gained position. And now you have to rely on this stupid AI, because micromanagment has become all messed up.-Same goes for diplomatic AI - when soviets can stroll trough axis territory (depsite beeing on the brink of war with them) and capture south africa from the allies you start wondering why they delayed this game for a year. How bad can it have been before?-No more support attacks, no more planed arrivals or sheduled attack times for multiple divisions. the manual stategic movement and shipment of troops is completly messed up.-The trading system is a warcrime! Why must i buy 8 pcs when i only need one? And why can't even isolated dictatorships decided what they want to export to the world market, and tho whom? What was wrong with the old trading system?-No more sending air or battleship support to a single important fight - now you have to order them to ridiculously big regions and loose all oversight.-For ground forces you have no chance to count your losses and compare them to the losses of your enemies after a battle ends. Ever heard of the term 'war of attrition', Paradox? What happened to all the statisitcs you could get in the previous games?-The new map sure looks nice but without terrain and weather filters it is useless for placing and moving your troops, this takes the rest of joy out of micromanagment.-Missing or broken supply-system for fleets and air wings (fleets can move and fight for years despite beeing cut off from friendly harbours)The few improvments:-the new production and equipment system (the only thing that became more complex compared to the older games)-they added peace conferences like in Europa Universalis-The Focus tree system is very helpfull in customising your nation-you can now stage armed coups in any other countryIn Grand Strategy I do not need fancy toyplanes flying over my map - Give me a working AI!!I recomend you wait untill they fix this game - as allways - with their countless DLCs and then buy a hopefully playable gold-edition."
76561198044881995,Not Recommended,394360,23494170,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,lewishere2000,I am a long time fan of Paradox games. But as much as it pains me to admit it. I can not recommend this game in its current state. It has a whole lot of potential. But it has massive issues with the AI as well as some stupid design decisions. To me it is unplayable in its current form.The main issue is a design decision to allow automatic military access if you have a mutual enemy. In theory this sounds ok. In practice it allows for weird situations. Such as a majority of the Japanese army sitting in Sweden because both the Soviet Union and Japan have Sweden as a mutual enemy. So Japan is then allowed to march its entire army across the Soviet Union. There are many posts about this issue on the Paradox forums. If you want a playable game wait for a few patches. When the game becomes playable I will delete this or write a review about how great it is.
,Not Recommended,394360,23501346,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,PFC Gustav [29ID],"Too expensive and simplified. The AI commanders are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and cant really manage your units. So you have to micromanage. Which is what they wanted you to stop doing because nobody had the patience to micromanage in HoI 3.The way they balance divisions is pretty much: high attack = low organization.Organization value means how long your men can fight. So if you have a lot of it you can fight for much longer than the enemy. This feels like a bad idea since it forces you to make divisions with less stuff like artillery or tanks since you wont be able to fight for a long time with them. You take a province with them, then the enemy pushes you back because your tanks dont know what to do after one battle.The game feels like a EU IV mod with modern units really, you keep all your men on the frontline or you keep them miles away. Not like in HoI 3 where you kept divisions right behind the fronline in case the enemy pushed you back.The AI commander refuse to let you micromanage, it will take back control of your men all the time and move them away to other provinces, even if it causes a cap in the line.The game is pretty, looks neat, but weather and terrain view isnt in the game, theres terrain and weather though. You can see what terrain and weather there is on the map, but its not easy with the colours on the map that show your borders.Navies are a bit better than in HoI 3, but naval battles dosent show what each ship is doing like it did in HoI3, it shows how close they are to each others and if you hover on them with the mouse you see how damaged they are, thats it. The sound they always make when a naval battle start (even if its just a convoy being raided) is annoying and will make you want to commit a nuclear bombing on your own capital.Theres also no way to affect supply convoys. If you want to have a short convoy with supplies going over the english channel to England, as Germany with france conquered, you're fresh out of luck. Theres a much bigger chance your convoys will do the dumb thing and go from Germany, and travel trough two ""sea regions"" which the game divides the oceans into. Which makes them ripe picking for enemies ships. If you dont have A LOT of ships to send on convoy protection, and have a few to clear THE ENTIRE sea region out, you'll lose most of your supplies and re-enforcements at sea. Instead of letting you send ships from around france in a short distane. This is not guaranteed to happend, but it most likely will. Specially if you want to take out England quickly and dont want them to become a unbeatable island fort. Which they will become rather fast. Unless their AI decides to send all their toops to some colony somewhere.Colonies. They did the Europa Universalis thing and decided to let any big colony be a separate state who is puppeted by main nations. So dutch east indies arent a part of the Netherlands directly, but are a puppet on their own. Reducing your direct industrial and supply gain since the colony will be trying to create its own troops and supply them before sending you supplies. I'm rather sure they do send you supplies though.This is a dumb feature in my opinion. I can understand doing this to India. But the Dutch East Indies shouldn not count as a puppeted state, but more of a branch of the Dutch. Why? Well I've never heard of the dutch east indies having any form of plan or ability to break out of the Dutch nation and do its own united 'thing'. Just doesnt feel plausable. While i do feel like India should be a puppeted state. As it's actually a state which could have broken off from the English Empire if it had the proper channels and power.The game is too expensive with too many bugs right now. If it didnt have mods it would be unplayable. Its really made to be mass market and feels like a game you find for free on your phone. Its not a Hearts of Iron game, its more like a hybrid Europe Universalis and more manpower.If you loved Hearts of Iron 3 this game wont be like it much, the combat is too lacking to be apealing and the only real fun part is the industry mechanic. Too many features need work and a lot of changes will be needed to make it anywhere as deep and immensive as HoI 3 was. They mixed too much Europe Universalis into the game to make it a Hearts of Iron game. The game is hollow to the point a 10 year old can play this. And win. It just dosent feel serious anymore. Sometimes something will happend that makes you laugh i guess, but in the end its just too dumbed down to make you happy with the waste of 40 Euro or whatever price it is where you live.An issue with HoI 3 was that people didnt understand it right of the bat, and didnt really spend any time in the forum or thinking about it. This game fixed that by having a very simple and easy interface which tells you all you need to know, mostly. Exept when a battle is lost or won, the map itself cant show you if you lost ground in the war unless you knew the pre-war borders. and such. People choose to hate HoI 3 because they didnt understand it after their first try, and since you understand this game at the first try, they love it and shame any other opinion. Its a shame you cant really discuss this game with someone who likes it, they just tell you that you cant understand the game and that its gods own gift to mankind, while HoI 3 was the devil itself. The community really shows itself in gold in that manner, which is a shame.I really just hope they will fix the balance, high attack shouldnt mean forced short battles.The game was made to be mass market as hell, unlike Hearts of Iron 3 which had a learning curve that took a while to learn, this game got a 5 minute trip to learn everything. Really a shame that they took the series to this level just for the money.Also the tech tree ends in 1946, where in HoI 3 it ends in 1962 for many things, its dumbed down into oblivion.The AI is bad for an example, the Japanese cant ever win in china it seems, sometimes they do good untill they decide to base all their men in finland if they are in the same faction or declare war on the Soviet Union without having any men on those borders, after that Japan just turns into a island nation that never does anything ever again.I know this will be downvoted into hell, but its honestly the way of the game. I wouldnt buy it unless you are rich or unless its on a -50% sale. It just feels so hollow.If you are new to the series, its good, the game isnt deep and got a very tiny to unexisting learning curve. Its quick and fun unless the AI commanders ♥♥♥♥ it up for you. You can take over the world and do so pretty much without doing more than drawing some lines on the map.Its not a stressing game unless you try to micromanage. But its not worth the 40 Euro, if it was 20 Euro, or your respective local money in that price, it would have been a great game for the money.But sadly its just overpriced, its not worth it at this point.EDIT 2017 Summer sale. AI commanders still crap. Nothing new is added exept 20 Euro+ DLC's.Commanders have been improved a little, but this may just be my mods. But it is nowhere near enough. AI might be getting 'military power' points to improve their divisions without having to fight or do massive military drills, but i can not confirm this. I think this is the case because I've met the Soviet union in 1941 with different division designs from game to game. Which is weird because the Soviet Union rarely has any major comflicts in my games, usually. And divisions still cost A LOT to change. Mods can change this costs, but either the AI wont work with the mods (which means they do nothing and keep the same divisions) or the AI overuses these and will empty their manpower to make every division in the field invinsible. Untill you kill enough men so they cant replace them of course.Only improvement has been the Air force interface, looks better but mechanics are still 'odd'."
76561198127069228,Not Recommended,394360,25294556,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Comrade Hero Winterpunch,"UPDATE- the game is slowly improving as per Paradox, but still early days.Mods are good but also early days.MP is super fun, so if you have some war-mongering friends it's to be recommended.*********************************************************************To borrow the words of someone else...""I'm gonna buy Hearts of Iron IV""""Yeah, it's Paradox though, I'm gonna wait 'til they patch it a few times and bring out some DLC.""""No way, this looks great.""""But remember Hearts of Iron III took like a year and half before it was good.""""I'm sure they won't make that mistake again.""****************** 30 hours of gameplay later **********************""I'll just put this on hold and wait 'til 2018.""Has a lot of potential but right now it's too shallow, the AI is like a drunk, blind Hotzendorff scrawling plans on a map with crayons too big for his hands and you can walk across the Russian steppes in mid-winter without getting so much as a cough.Patience is a virtue not only in playing Paradox games, but waiting until they are worthwhile.See you in 2018."
,Not Recommended,394360,23529415,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pretzel,"The game has potential.#1 problem is poor ai. You will see germany moving armies back and forth for no reason, refusing to push in to an empty soviet capital, and not pulling troops off the russian border while at peace with them and the Allies are taking the back side of their country.I actually really like the production system in this game.  Instead of Industrial capacity like in previous games you actually build factories and set up production lines.  Then use those products to produce your units.Research is extremely simplified, plus side to this, even minor nations can keep up on tech easily, preventing their units from being completely useless. Down side is, it almost feels like you don't really have a choice in what to research. Get industry, electronics, infantry, and tanks. Research what you can in planes and water.I wouldnt recommend buying this game until the AI is fixed, no point in playing until then."
,Not Recommended,394360,32841902,Posted: 26 June,all,Dr. Zoidberg,"I have to say, I love this game. The graphics are amazing and the game is great. I have yet to play more than 10 hours of this game, in vanilla. Most of my time is with mods, and I still use mods when I want a 'vanilla' feel. I rarely buy DLC in the first place and if I do, it's because it's during one of Steam's sales. I like the mechanics that have been put out...WAIT ONE MOMENT! Is there a feature called 'License Production' or something like that? Is it in a DLC? WAIT ONE MOMENT AGAIN! I remember it was in the base game for HoI III, the precursor. It came as a regular feature. And HoI III and all the DLC was around 10 bucks. If you have a computer that can play HoI III still, do it. It's curve is harder and steeper, but it's easier. It can be more hands on or even on auto pilot, but that's the best part. I love strategy games, I do. I love Hearts of Iron, it's probably my favorite game. I almost have 300 hours into and will continue to play it. But I have to play with mods. It's the only reason why I play the game. New mods with different ideas and stuff. Is it sad I'm missing out on things that would spice the game up? Hell yea. I want to be Germany and equip my men with the M1 Garand and use the P-51 in the skies with my Bf-109. It bumps everything up into a more life like quality. But if they expect me to pay any sort of price for a feature that was included in the game before as a standard feature, that's ridiculous. I hate how games are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥now. And as you can see, so are a lot of people. If Paradox wants to keep us happy and loyal, start including DLC content in patches or start giving away the DLC for free. *Drops mic*If I'm wrong about the License Production feature in HoI III, lemme know."
,Not Recommended,394360,25102773,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Staubz,"HoI IV sacrifices depth for accessibility. They fixed a lot the issues of the previous instalment, it plays much more smoothly but sadly Paradox also gutted a lot of meaningful game features.On release the game is in bad shape, issues abound, most glaringly the terrible terrible AI.Don't buy it, wait till it's fixed(with a few DLCs) and on sale.Proved to me again that I should never pre order not even from my favourite game company."
76561197987862135,Not Recommended,394360,26554781,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Shitizen Kane,"In it's current state and the Paradox typical DLC rip-off I'd not recommend this game to anybody.AI is a braindead toddlergamebreaking multiplayer cheats not getting fixedtrade system is a joke (probably scheduled as DLC from day 1 of development)over simplistic research (wait for DLC, see above)no air Commanders (wait for DLC, see above)[insert any game feature here] (wait for DLC) -> SCNRIt's hillarious to see Germany sending 150 divisions to help Japan fighting China while Japan sends 130 divisions to help Germany fighting the Russians and both loose their wars while 75% of their armies are on ships for month the first time.The second time you're just thinking ""wtf?"", the third time ""ok, I'm done with this"". Only to mention one of the MANY many re.tar.ded things going on.So you think ""ok, lets do some MP matches"". Until you notice strange things going on like minor nations pumping out tank divisions like a major because of exploits. So you do a little research and read about that these exploits exist for month without getting fixed.So, SP is broken due to re.tar.ded AI, MP is broken due to gamebreaking exploits. We had 2 patches since launch which didn't improve anything and we have the first DLC at the horizon which will give us some new national focuses? WTF?Thanks Paradox, I'm done with your business model."
,Not Recommended,394360,30274328,Posted: 2 March,all,Zacty,maybe if paradox knew how to release completed games you wouldn't need to buy all the DLC for the game to be good.
,Not Recommended,394360,32484406,Posted: 16 June,all,Doktor Österreich,"-I AM GOING ON A FULL PARADOX STRIKE!!!! Their DLC across all of their grand stategy games has always been crazy but now it is just out of control. Death or Dishonor is a ""Country Pack""!!! Please!!! What does Death or Dishonor do that Mods have not already!?!?!?!? Like the German offensive into the USSR they may have been destroying our wallets and winning thus far...BUT NO MORE!!!! The winter has come for Paradox and it is time for us as fans to push back!!!!-Do not get me wrong! I love this game and I adore Paradox as a game developer and that is exactaly why I am being so tough on them. This will destroy them in the end. It is time for us as fans to remeber that we control the market and we have the power to stop this! It is better to stop this now rather than later. RISE UP PARADOX FANS!!!! RISE UP AND SAVE YOUR GAMES!!!-(I am not giving this game a rating right now.)"
,Not Recommended,394360,27871662,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anderson,"It will suffice to say that HOI4 has been my worse Paradox experience so far (and I loved HOI3, CK2, EU3&4 and Stellaris). This game needs serious fixing which sadly will only come with maybe 2 years of DLCs and patches, by then it will be costing +$100 USD. AI is completely brain dead, the front system is a mess and it is actually harder to micromanage your troops compared to HOI3 (which is as must since leaving matters to the AI is a bigger source of frustration than actually managing stuff yourself).The fact that this was released at this state really show how Paradox really cares about their costumers...If there's another side of the story, they probably ended up with this broken game due to really bad design decisions and lacking implementation and even after delaying it, couldn't salvage the whole think, so decided to let it loose and hope people wouldn't complain too much..."
,Not Recommended,394360,34090528,Posted: 7 August,all,Auriga,"The vanilla game is a barebones experience to lure you in to buy the DLC.It worked for me and works for many, the base game gets boring after a couple playthroughs. The only reason I have 400 hours is cause of mods and DLC, and mods were the overwhelming majority of these hours. I dont regret the hours I put into this game, but I do regret the money I gave to a company who put what seems to be minimal effort into this title.The horrid DLC is one thing, but theres also the many gameplay issues that annoy the heck (gotta be family friendly) outta me. The AI is broken, Germany will blindly declare war when they havent finished another (like declaring war on Denmark and Norway when the allies are at the gates of Berlin.) The AI completely neglects its shorelines and cities so you can easily take over a nation in weeks with paratroopers and naval invasions, especially Italy and France. Nations will completely abandon their frontlines as you roll across their country and they do nothing to stop you. The representation of troops leads to the late game being an absolute mess and the game generally just runs bad.The game at its base is not worth the $40 they want you to shell out, and the half-decent experience isnt worth the cost of all the DLC. Id only recommend this to people who really like strategy and have alot of cash to spare and want to support these horrid DLC policies"
,Not Recommended,394360,28383142,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nuttex,"Abstract.If you've played previous HoI games, do not expect this to be one, certainly not in its current state. AI is braindead and has barely been improved since June. As such, there is little if any value in singleplayer. If you plan to avoid multiplayer entirely but want to have a bit more challenge than ""declare war and win in one giant offensive"", then don't buy this. Multiplayer is virtually the only reason to even consider getting Hearts of Iron IV at this stage.I might as well start with the pros: the old decisions have been revamped into a new tab called National Focuses that allow you to see straight away what you can do as far as scripted events are concerned, what you need to achieve in order to get them, etc. That allows you to plan your game ahead without having to do research on the forums (not recommended) or elsewhere on the Internet. Graphics are neat like in all recent Clausewitz engine games. Performance could be a bit better though, considering how the game seems to do fewer calculations in the background than Victoria 2, though I'm not entirely sure about that. The new battle plan system is nice for organising quick offences and defences, but the AI tends to be very sluggish in regards to reacts to your orders. Oh, and new orders apparently will be paid from now on, but more on that later. The new equipment system means that you end up training divisions rather than ""building"" them the way you would in HoI 3. They get a mix of whatever equipment they can get their hands on out of your national inventory, which will include things you produce and stuff you get from annexing countries via peace conferences. This feels like a nice change.Since the game has a different pace to it than HoI 2/3/DH, competitive multiplayer games can end in one sitting, which certainly helps to organise them. And since all recent Clausewitz games allow you to change some aesthetic files without altering your checksum, it means that you can run a lot of various life improvement mods whilst playing with people running a vanilla client in multiplayer. That's nice.Being able to send lend lease to other nations as opposed to IC like HoI 3 is also neat. With flavour mods you get to see P-51s and Spitfires being used by your Soviet pilots and this gives a nice flavour to the game overall. This also makes more sense. However, it’s still possible to provide “IC” or its HoI IV equivalent via trade.And now we get to the meat of this review: the bad stuff. Let's start with bizarre design choices. Instead of addressing the previous criticism aimed at overly complicated mechanics of HoI 3, the devs did exactly what Bioware did to RPG system in ME2 - they simply did away with it. You have your divisions that you can assign to armies (24 divisions per army if the CO is a general, infinite if it's a field marshal), and that's it. The ORBAT system is gone. Instead of streamlining it for people who couldn't be arsed to deal with it and leave it as an option for the rest, they simply dumbed it down to what we have in IV. Not only that, but it doesn't matter whether your general is command of divisions spread out across the entire globe - he will be able to control all of them equally well like an omnipotent being that he is. The old supply system has been simplified - individual provinces no longer have any infrastructure in them, only regions do. That means that as long as one tiny bit of a supply region touches another one, enemy divisions will not starve out since they will continue to get the complete access to supplies. This sometimes leads to bizarre one division rushes to cut off provinces behind enemy lines instead of going for what would’ve been their transport hubs in HoI 3. Remember how you could have supply corridors via one province wide infrastructure paths like the Trans-Siberian Railway? Not a thing anymore. In fact, advancing straight across the Sahara desert to flank those pesky Brits in El-Alamein and Tobruk are the way to go in IV. Your losses in equipment from attrition are negligible.Air and naval warfare has been dumbed, but air got off worse. Remember how air wings shouldn’t have been larger because that’d lead to debuffs caused by having too many planes in a wing that you wouldn’t be able to control all that well at once? Not a thing. If you want, you can have a 1000 fighter wing fighting it out over Benelux. Remember being able to concentrate your wings on one specific province to support an offensive even in a situation where enemy air force would otherwise be superior to yours? That’s gone, too. France consists of two air regions and that’s it. Same applies to most areas on the map. The only wings that necessitate a specific size are CAS/tactical bombers because they need to have a specific plane count to optimally participate in a land battle - think of it like combat width for divisions, except it doesn’t appear to be documented by anything in the game. Transport planes are used for one thing and one thing only - dropping your paratroopers. You can’t use them to drop supplies to cut off forces anymore. As for naval warfare, with the exception of ASW destroyer flotillas, there is no need for separate task forces anymore. Just stack up your entire navy with the exception of submarines and a few destroyers to hunt enemy subs and off you go. This is especially true in multiplayer - if you don’t do this, your opponent will and you will inevitably lose. There isa fewthings you can do that go beyond “select your entire navy and send them to kill the enemy navy”, but this is your lot. Supply convoys now also double as transport ships.The political system has been cut down to four parties in your country, representing fascism, communism, democracy and unaligned. The last one is impossible to boost without using a console. No longer do you need to consider what ministers to pick based on their party loyalties - none of it matters. Boosting your own parties in foreign powers is now a diplomatic action and you can’t boost your ideology in your own country with spies because, well, there are no spies.The occupation mechanics are a bit wonky at best. Remember how I said that it’s nice you can capture enemy materiel? That only applies to nations that surrendered via peace conference, i.e. the war is over. Say, you overran Czechoslovakia in a war as Germany, but they joined the Allies and the UK is at war with you. This means that you don’t get to capture any equipment in occupied Czechoslovakia at all. All of it stays in their hands even if they might not even have any land or forces left.Furthermore, there are no partisans. They’ve been spotted by some people in early development streams back in 2015, but as of now, they are not in the game. Wait for a DLC to bring them back, just like all the other missing features, mechanics and content, I suppose. Right now, the only thing that resistance does is property destruction if you have no forces occupying the land to stop them.[THE REST OF THE REVIEW IS IN THE PASTEBIN LINK SINCE IT WON'T FIT HERE -http://pastebin.com/m6Sg0JUT]TL;DR This is not a HoI game, go play Darkest Hour or HoI 3 instead. If you had no prior experience with the series, braindead AI will ensure that only multiplayer will prove to be interesting. And since missing features are all but guaranteed to be reintroduced with DLCs, prepare to whop your wad on the counter, because Johan’s sandwiches ain’t gonna buy themselves."
76561197977315260,Not Recommended,394360,26364363,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Locomotive,"_Broken AI battle front that will be fixed with a paid blitz feature_AI continue to shuffle its troops all over the line_Suicidal AI invasions all over the place if you're the player_AI can't defend any naval landings by themselves._AI declares war on fronts that they can't win, ie on Soviet when France still alive._Serious lag mid-late game due to AI spamming divisions_Cannot view terrain properly without mods_Air combat completely broken and uninformative (greater numbers = win and no actual concentrated attacks for blitzing)_Naval AI is terrible at protecting invasions and/or intercepting fleets.Pros:_Improved graphics_Simplified production and OOB\_More mods friendly"
76561198011760211,Not Recommended,394360,28289834,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nightstalker,"Well i think this one is the worst of any Hearts of Iron Series i have seen. It have dumped down on realism and details than the previous series. It look interesting, but when you play it for awhile and realize it doesnt feel like World War II in the history at all. Just another game, one thing i cant figured out how we get all these positive reviews? There are some games based on WWII are far more better than this one.Remember i have bought Hearts of Iron III and wasnt too impress with it, few years later it gotten pretty good and popular. Maybe they will improved this game in the future."
76561197972740480,Not Recommended,394360,23610012,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Antless,"Whatever else the merits may be, the game in it's current state is unbelievably easy. A completely braindead AI willdeclare wars they are not prepared for because they took a National Focus that gave them a war goalnot secure their borders, even when about to declare warthrow their airforce awaythrow the navy awaynot research better equipmentnot build proper divisionsThe game also shows complete disregard for the geopolitical situation at the time, not only regarding the military capabilities of many minors, but also everybodies complete indifference to them starting to conquer all their neighbouring countries. This even counts for majors in the early years and overall makes the game useless as a alt-history sandbox. Even slight alterations from the course of history will lead to a complete breakdown of any believable course of events."
76561198079592640,Recommended,394360,34909499,Posted: 12 September,all,Pork Sausage,Basically you're Hitler with the benefit of hindsight
76561198084686518,Recommended,394360,32858330,Posted: 27 June,all,Halogeek,"Positives:Choice to follow history or make an alternate historyFreedom to put your country on pretty much every pathEven as small nations you can be greatNot too difficult to pickup and start learning how to playSteam WorkshopLess micromanaging than EU4Negatives:Battle plans are sometimes glitchy on the smaller scaleAi battle plans are not that greatMusic is kind of meh (Unless you pay for Sabaton's Soundtrack)Small DLC's for more money than they're really worthConclusion: Overall I really enjoy Hearts of iron, in my opinion it is a lot better than Europa Universalis IV because you don't have to micro-manage every little thing, but you still have the option too if that's what you want, what I normally do is have an extra few divisions that are set aside so I can push when I see an opportunity. (The Ai isn't so great at taking empty territory from the enemy sometimes)"
,Not Recommended,394360,26443174,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tonits,"---SUNFLOWER 1.2.1 patch---Take this review from a relatively new HOI player. The first HOI and Paradox game i played was HOI 3, back in July 2015. It was the base game without any DLC. I absolutely fell in love with it. It played it around 80 hours, just learning the mechanics of the game. 80 HOURS! Just learning the machanics! I have played HOI3 around 350-400 hours (my steam profile says 240 hours, but i have played a lot offline), and around half of that is just the base game without DLC. And when i bought every DLC to the game, it brought more mechanics to be learned!But that doesnt mean that the game was perfect. Not at all! It had a lot of problems, like the multiplayer. It was horiffic. Hard to connect, even if you had the right ports open, it would sometimes just not connect. One time i had even problems with a LAN connection... And the game would crash, a lot. In singleplayer it was pretty stable (for me atleast. My friend had a lot of problems, the game would crash every 5 min or so for him), but in multiplayer it crashed more frequently. And the AI in the base game, was horiffic. But it got a little bit better with the expansions. But it wasnt perfect.But when it comes to HOI 4, i learned the mechanics in just about 10 hours, and started to get bored after 40 hours. The AI was very dumb at the release of this game, but it has gone a little bit better in the 1.2.1 sunflower patch. When the game was released the AI made dumbass invasions all the time. The invaded with around 3 divisions, took a port and left. I didnt even try to stop them, they just left. They could have occupied my country, but no, they just took a port and left. But they have stopped with this behaviour in the 1.2.1 patch, which is good. The AI got better in patch 1.2.1, but it is far from good.And the reason i fell in love with HOI 3 was its complexity. It really felt like i was in charge of the country. And HOI 4 has complety lost that feeling. It is very far from complex, its a very arcade style of a game. When i play i feel like i have almost zero control of what is happening. I loved to play small countries in HOI 3 and see what i can do with them, when i control every single unit separately, but in HOI 4 it kind of forces you to let the awful AI control your units, even when you have very few of them. And the horrible naval invasions... Why do you have to let the AI do it. You absolutely have no control of them, except for choosing from where your units will start the invasion and invade and choosing when they start after, the AI have ""planned"" the invasion, and thats it. No really, you have no control of them. You cant even choose how many units land in what province.Often it goes something like this:1. You select the units that will invade2. You select the starting port, from which they will invade and the province/provinces that you want to invade (Often you cant choose more than 2-3 provinces to invade, and they have to be next to eachother)3. You wait until the AI have ""planned"", takes often from 30-100 days4. Then they cant invade because they think the water are too unsecure, so you send ships to cover the curvy path that the ""wise"" AI has chosen, that goes through as many seazones as possible5. Then the units start the invasion and when they invade the AI has chosen which units attack which provinces, often like Province 1: 1 unit, Province 2: 1 unit, Province 3: 22 units, like wtf? What did they plan exactly?6. And then the invasion will fail or succeed, depending on the enemys defence.And when we are in the subject of battleplans, we can continue with it... Why do you force us to use a broken system? And force us to pay for a fix. I know that Paradox is a company and want to make money, but come on... I have always thought that Paradox was a pretty fair and a good company that cares about its customers, but really, 15€ for focus trees and events for some countries (that you can do probably better yourself, as you get to customize it as you like), a new autonomy system (you can find a mod for this probably) and aprobablyworking battleplan system (that i think should be free, as it is a core feature of the game and is forced upon you to use), and a ""ask for lend-lease"" feature (that i think is OK, but there is probably a mod for it, if you really want it). These are all good features, but is it worth 15€?No way!You still get a free patch when the expansion comes out.But paradox made also a good move with the expansion pass. They promised 2 expansions, worth 50€, for 39.99€, but they changed it to 3 expansions for the same price, which raises its value!""Due to development limitation, we've decided to release a smaller expansion at first. As a result, the expansion pass is being extended to cover 3 expansions."" A quote from Björn ""BjornB"" Blomberg on the official paradox forum. You can find ithere. This is a really nice move from them, and i have gained respect for them for doing that!The trading system is ok, but there is a minor annoyance, why cant we stockpile our resources? We can stockpile almost everything else, so why not stockpile resources?The tech tree, is kind of meh. There arent really any specialized techs, its just generic. In HOI 3 there were TONS of techs to be researched, but in HOI 4 there arent so many techs to research. I guess its enough, but in the late game (past 1945) there arent really anything to research. I guess you could mod the techtree, but as the game continues to 1948, there could be a few techs more, like industry tech for 1947, or something like that.You can leave a faction when the faction is in peace, but you cant kick a country from your own faction. Why?Espionage doesnt exist, i dont really care about it anyways, but it could be there. Doesnt matter much.There are bugs. But that is to be expected, right? No, it should not be expected to be bugs in any FINISHED game, but there still are, and there will always be. And some minor bugs arent that bad, but when you are in a faction, and a country in the same faction gets a wargoal on you, and declares war on you, something is really wrong. This happened to me, but i think its fixed now. It had something to do with the national focus tree i think.The national focus trees should be expanded, they are almost always finished quite early.And the Pro's:The game looks gorgeous! It really is beautiful!I like the new production system, its really simple and easy to use. Even though i often prefer a little more customization and depth, i think it fits in HOI 4 well.The logistics tab isAWESOME! i really like it, it brings more depth to the game, which i like. BUT why cant we stockpile our resources? Doesnt it make sense to be able to stockpile resources, when you can stockpile almost everything else?The division designer is good, as is the ship and plane upgrade system. But more options and customization would be nice.The multiplayer connectivity is really good now, but i have had some problems with the multiplayer gameplay.Icant recommend this game in its current state.But i think as time goes by the game will only get better, as it is with most, if not all, paradox titles. They often start poor, but they get better with free patches and paid expansions. I mean, if the game got worse with updates and expansions, there is something really wrong... :DI would give it a 4/10 right now. I was really hyped when it came out, but it was a huge disapointment for me, as a hardcore HOI fan.The game is definitely more arcade stylish, simplistic and casual type of a strategy game. I really dont feel like it belongs to the HOI franchise, which is a quite hardcore strategy series, and this is not really anything like that."
,Not Recommended,394360,26050687,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Dazy,"Following the latest Dev Diary, I cannotrecommend this game.I tend to enjoy PDS games a lot, I own and played a lot of EUIII & IV, Victoria 2, Hearts of Iron 2, Darkest Hour & Hearts of Iron 3, Stellaris, Crusader Kings 2, but now I regret buying their latest Hearts of Iron title.Although the game is fun at its core and I greatly enjoy some of the changes they have made (I quite like the way production works now, as well as the division designer), the game still feels unfinished, unpolished and the AI is laughably bad.There is the still very common issue of the AI sending all their troops to Africa, and some other cases such as Germany being on the verge of defeating Poland and suddenly shifting their attention to the West and moving almost all of their divisions to invade Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Belgium despite it being late 1939 and the historical focus being activated, leading Poland to regain much of their lost territory and for Germany to get stuck in a two fronts war, or three if Britain decides to launch a Naval Invasion in Wilhelmshaven because they do that all the time and the AI is unable to protect their coastal provinces. There is also the issue of France leaving their border with Italy completely undefended and being steam rolled in a few weeks. The Pacific War is also inexistent if you play with the AI.The game was released back in June, mind you. Now they are planning to release a DLC next instead of another patch to fix those lingering issues.In general, this is not something that bothers me too much, as with DLCs they release rather large patches that often add new content as well.However one of the DLC’s said feature is something that should have been in at the game’s release or added as a free quality of life improvement. That ‘feature’ is the Blitz option to the battle planner, which is essentially an attack option where the selected units who are given that order will attempt to break through the enemy lines through the territories you have selected, allowing an easy method of performing encirclements or even to rush and try to capture strategically significant provinces.You can certainly do that manually, as I have done it plenty of time, but the reason why they have added the battle planner at all is to minimize micromanagement. An option such as ‘Blitz’ should be an essential, but as of now, the only option for attacking that we have is to either let the battle planner act like it is World War 1 or micromanage the divisions you want to perform breakthroughs with. It is certainly something that I felt was missing while playing the game and I am certain many others feel this way, and it goes way back to when they first showed the battle planner and people were asking if they could perform more complex manoeuvres with it.Now, the details about the upcoming DLC are rather scarce, with only one Dev Diary out. But what I have read is enough to make me suspicious about the future of Hearts of Iron IV. I may change my review later on, if I feel the game has improved enough to warrant it (with or without the DLC).But for now, I definitely do not recommend this game, not when both Hearts of Iron 3 and Hearts of Iron 2: Darkest Hour is far more complete, polished and interesting games with plenty of mod support to customize your playthroughs."
76561198055463619,Recommended,394360,25133875,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Truck of Peace,>starts game as America>Hires a fascist demagogue>Turns fascist>#Make America great again>Builds border wall with Mexico>WW2 starts>Join axis>Colonize Britain>Puppet China to get a better trade deal>Made America great again
76561198002933633,Not Recommended,394360,25488124,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,animalshadow,"TL;DR:I've spent 500+ hours in HoI IV & probably will spend more, and it's second game where I got all achievements. Game indeed is fun and MP friendly. 1 MP session usually lasts 2-6 hours, depends on starting date & people you play with and in most parties is fun, but overall Hearts of Iron IV is a complete mess: SP is ahistorical surreal WW2 on LSD - Japan fighting for every inch of Vaterland while Germans scrambled to Africa and Asia taking back lost colonies while MP public games are not far from SP in case of madness, but good thing is that if you'll find good community you'll enjoy this game.Singleplayer:Not a challenge at all. AI is braindead. You can do whatever you want and AI will respond to this in best case by doing nothing, in worst AI will do absolutly dilusional ""counter"". That's it, SP is not interesting and not challenging.Multiplayer:Most fun part of the game, have some big pros and cons & it's enjoyement really dependable on community and house-rules.DLC:Check SteamDB and you'll be surprised, they've already reserved 56 DLCs(including 15 already released) - FIFTY SIX DLCs. Current game state and DLC count just don't correlate in my mind.Personal Preferences:I personally prefer Plausible WW2 where people don't build spacemarines templates, don't abuse game mechanics and don't do absolutely ""stupid"" things.I've found that 1939 start; Majors only; Common sense community, where there's no need of book size house rules; Where Allies are allies including Soviet Union - Yes, in most game USSR players are ignoring Allies or are ignored by Allies; and Axis are Axis. And that's the place where I spent my ~500 hours in-game and probably will spend more.Surely it depends on communities and people you play with, but most MP games are swarmed with cheesy tactics, exploits, meta and lack of common sense: ""Spacemarines"" Templates; Fort spam(Build 2nd Maginot anywhere in the world just in a year - easy); 1 Submarine glitches whole fleet(Probably fixed by 1.2 patch); Dilusional Minors; Half of world goes fascists cause Focus Tree bonus and etc. - It's most of MP games, if listed above is not fun for you, you still can find good community which match your taste.Game Machanics:I hope that this is first and last PDX experiment with game mechanics. Game is simplified to the level where it's absurdly becomes complex and not because there's lot of things to watch, to do or to babysit. No. Game lacks feedback to the player. You just don't understand what's going on. Game gives you so little information.Air warfareAir warfare is best example - all you know is that there is some air struggle and more planes you build more likely you'll win air ""bonus"". You don't know what enemy planes you encounter, you don't what's happening right now - seconds before you had air supperiority and area is green, then bam! Enemy teleported his whole air fleet to the region and are is red. That's it.Bombing campaigns are blackboxes. You're bombing something, but don't have direct control on what you're bombing, all you know that N number of your Strategic bombers do some stuff, maybe they're bombing Reichstag, maybe Forts or maybe it's just village road somwhere 500 miles away from front line, you don't know and will not know, it's a mystery.Another good example are battlereports, they're gone. Somwhere near El Alamain was a huge battle, where you managed to encirle and destroy three Italian divisions - no one cares. You were invaded by 30+ German army group cause your Royal Navy was bugged by german sub - no one cares. Hamburg was captured by British Paras - no one cares. You have constantly monitor all your territory, cause one time you can suddenly find out that France was liberated and Americans are marching on Berlin.3D. 3D is everywhere.Map is looking really nice and beautiful, but again - not informative at all. It's really hard to say if there's a forest or a huge mountain or even a swamp. I understand that game designers idea was to show everything on the map where there will be no need in reports or schematic map, it's doubtedly ok if you control some small scale warfare - here are fighters flying, here tiny soldiers shooting at eachother backed up by CAS, but when it's about Total War, which WW2 was it's a mess on the map.There's no schematic map, if you'll turn off all 3D models and leave only NATO counters you'll end up with plain map without rivers, fortifications and counters which lack any info like their heading/attacking direction, their position on the map(Yes, they are just floating above 3D model, even you'll turn off 3D models).Focus Trees:I liked scripted system in HoI III, you was sure that everytime you'll play you'll get your WW2 with plausible shifts and if those plausible shifts happen mostly they are forced by you, Player.Here's everytime is something new and most of the time this ""new"" is absolutely surreal. To keep WW2 going as intended you have to play Germany, otherwise be ready to see something like this:*Worst scenario: Berlin is surrounded by Allies, but Hitler is sure that things are going well and it's time declare war on Denmark & Norway.*Not so bad scenario: Germans managed to occupy Europe, but really scarred to attack Soviet Union. Funnies part is that Soviet Union has troops concentrained on Romanian border and germans will be staring for ages into those wide distances looking for sneaky russkies who're definetly trying to cheat arians by not guarding their border.*Modified ""Not so bad scenario"" aka ""Lunatic Hitler"": Germans are staring on Soviet border while sneaky brits liberating France - closer they are to the Berlin, more confident in victory Hitler is by moving more and more troops to the Soviet border.Battleplans.On my opinion it's worst and not working as intended forced feature.If you're like me you probably expected from battleplans something like drawing plans in HoI 3 but with ability to attach units to them and execute: ""Panzerkorps I & IV from both directions attack here, Infantry encirles remaining troops here, panzers advance further, Paras drop here...ohoh! Here's retreat line ""in case of...""; Here's Plan B - This army goes here, 7th Army goes there, Marines invade on D+30 with heavy air support - Perfect! That's my version of Barbarossa.""NO! Draw a line, then draw an arrow on enemy's capital. That's your battleplan! That's how it works Mannstein! That's how it should be done Zhukov! That's how real invasions were planned Eisenhower!OOB.There is no OOB. You just assign your swarm/blob to the tribe chief called in-game as ""Marshal"" with mistyrious ability to mentally command every unit in any spot on the Globe without any issue or delay and that's your OOB, enjoy it. Or you can make a little harder separate your tank to the ""General"" with ""Panzer"" trait. OOB ends here.MinorsMinors and developers love to the them is just beyond my imagination.Shortly: any minor(including Luxemburg and Bhutan) can be on same or few techs behind most of Major's and yes, there's no issue for them to develope nukes, it was such an easy task those days, that even Bhutan can make it."
76561198101691913,Not Recommended,394360,31940636,Posted: 24 May,all,⎠⎞Pegasus⎛⎝,DLC👎👎👎
76561198015166626,Not Recommended,394360,29475284,Posted: 24 January,all,cлава за България,"I stopped liking this game when it became clear it's called ""who can research the fastest and plop the most divisions as possible on the ground simulator""Also you can literally take over the world as Germany by 1939.Fun if you're new to games like this. Not fun when you play 100+ hours. I recommend it if you're new to paradox but honestly EU4 and CK2 are just much better. If you want an immersive deeper WWII game try HoI 3 with the Black Ice and Third Reich events mod.And when it comes to their DLC policy, that is even more laughable. They don't focus on adding actual features, instead, they add focus trees. And yet, they can't even bring themselves to be more in depth then most mods that add focus trees."
,Recommended,394360,23421862,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Superwutz,"""Make america great again""-Roosevelt 1941"
76561197980852821,Not Recommended,394360,24904383,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,GShock,"At present time, with patch 1.1 and 3 months after the release the game is totally broken due to a hasty launch, followed by the Holiday. Aside from the AI being broken, the production levels are a complete joke. Some core concepts such as fuel/ammo/food are missing and so is the currency. Many concepts are over simplified and do not handle the complexity of war too well.I am sure this is going to be a great game in 2018 and I recommend buying it then at a much lowered price than what I paid for it but right now I don't recommend buying it."
,Recommended,394360,23423357,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,ocean pollen,"I bought HOI3...and then never played it.  I tried several times.  I watched videos.  I played other games.I bought HOI4...and played it for three hours straight, as much as I had time for.  Actual playing, not just staring hopelessly at the screen.  I had to do the Italy tutorial twice when I flubbed grand planning; after that, I went Austria, turned it Fascist, joined the Axis, and prepared to wage war on Czechslovakia.  My win condition is: don't get annexed by Germany.  I'm winning so far!HOI 4 is a grand strategy game that you can actually play.  So play it.EDIT: and then I got annexed by Germany.  But I held out for 262 days.EDIT @ hour 25: I played my first multiplayer game.  Mostly speed 3.  As Poland, I took advantage of Germany's overcommittment in other wars and then I took Berlin, and joined the allies in a bitter slugfest in southern Europe.  I started with an western and an eastern army, which turned into a Assault Germany army and a Keep Czechslovakia at Bay army, which turned into a two-front invasion of Czechslovakia while a six-divison break away army mopped up Denmark.This game has some weaknesses, yes.  The complaints are crazy hyperbolically expressed IMO but still frequently true.  But I've gotten used to the planning system and had great fun in this MP game, only microing to take advantage of weak spots or to crush pockets of enemies.  I was able to manage three different armies in three different locations reasonably well without pausing the game.Summary:1. Paradox absolutely nailed making the game more approachable and playable.  That was their aim, and they succeeded.  Well done!2. The game is fun.  If you start to get unhappy with SP, try MP -- it's a blast.3. I feel like the SP replayability of non-great powers is pretty limited at the moment.  You're always diving down the industry tree of the same generic focus tree.  After playing a bunch of SP games as minor powers, I think from now on I'll just play great powers except in MP."
76561197984152695,Recommended,394360,23801147,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sil Carmikas,"Here is a ""brief"" description of my game:*Took control of Iran*Instituted economic reforms improving economy*Instituted social reforms*Iran adopts Facism ideology*Iran becomes New Persian Empire*New Persian Empire attempts to coordinate Facist coup against Iraq*Coup gains slight foothold, but fails immediately*New Persian Empire declares war against Iraq*Iraq has much bigger army than thought*War lasts for years*New Persian Empire finally deals decisive blow agains Iraq, wins Iranian - Iraqi War*Iraq Annexed*New Persian Empire declares war against Afghanistan*Another underestimation, war stalemates between the two countries*Russia, Britain, USA, France, and pretty much everyone else get sick of my crap, all declare war on New Persian Empire*New Iranian Army fights valiantly, but is ultimately beaten back but Russian might*Territories begin to fall*German Reich offers membership into Axis faction*New Persian Empire accepts*Too little, too late*New Persian Empire leader calls for a full retreat to city of Tehran*Armies hold out for a couples of years before falling to Allied might and power*Territories are divided up among Allies after annexation*New Persian Empire leader goes into exile, and an Empire fallenI am very impressed with what Paradox has done with this game. While it still needs a bit of polishing here and there, I am very impressed with the feel and immersion of this installment. Even though they have shaved down some of the customization features that we were used to in Hearts Of Iron 3, I still feel there is a lot for me to control and for me to keep an eye on to make sure my country is headed in the right direction strategically, and I did not feel too limited on creating my armies, divisions, air forces, or naval fleets.One of the things I will miss is the ability to control how many different techs I can research by balancing out those resources with what is created for espionage, officer training, and Diplomacy such as the system available now in HoI3. Nonetheless, still a great installment!I highly recommend giving this one a chance! Thumbs up, Paradox!"
76561197992137489,Not Recommended,394360,26620674,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tuxedage,"Game with many missing features that HOI3 already had. Terrible AI. Oversimplification and mechanics that don't make sense. Lack of proper naval supply simulation that even HOI3 had. Despite all this, Paradox is planning a new expensive DLC next month without fixing any of these game breaking problems.I am very disappointed with Paradox. Suffice to say I will be careful in buying any future games of theirs."
,Recommended,394360,23421470,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ribose-5-phosphate isomerase,"What better way to dishonor your ancestors than to relive the life of the guy that occupied your home country and killed millions of people?I might not get anything in inheritance from Grandpa, but it sure as hell was worth itEDIT: And you 45%, how was my review not helpful? :'("
,Recommended,394360,31525791,Posted: 3 May,all,TheVortex22,I've done things Hitler only dreamed off...10/10
76561198026009171,Not Recommended,394360,30969489,Posted: 5 April,all,QuadN,"HOI4 is Paradoxes attempt at mainstreaming a hardcore World War Two sim into something easy to pick up and play so you dont need to learn.THE GOOD:Really easy to understand and play.Factory system is phenomonal.Suddenly airwarfare isn't as worthless and insane anymore.THE DEPENDS ON THE PERSON:Naval Warfare is dumbed down to who has the DD&CV Owns allOrder Of Battle system is gone, this new crap is NOT an order of battle system.The Intrigue system has been basically removed and dumbed down to absolutely useless like the last game.THE BAD (THERES A♥♥♥♥♥♥TON.):Technology Tree has been dumbed down to nothing, you research mostly generic things that make no sense.Using EXP for upgrading and making better versions of units is WORTHLESS for anything being produced because you'd make less and by the time its done you'd should've researched a better tank.The AI is dumb, as in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.No i must say, the AI in this game doesn't know how to break through or make battleplans that make sense.The AI is also really easy to beat, even on insane i do not have problems invading anything.You have limited research slots meaning you need to prioritize army and air and dont research Anti-Tank/AA because they're worthless and the fact that certain technologies are just BETTER flat out than others such as Concentraited VS Diverse industry, Concentraited is just better because it gives you most of Diverse's buffs AND You can make more factories.States have random sizes and are not consistant meaning certain states can hold more factories but some regions can be more industrial.Subs are worthless and escort raiding just means raiding troop transports and thats it usually they also get detected and destroyed easily.For some ungoldy reason Nukes dont actually DO anything, i once dropped 11 nukes on japan and they only gave up once i invaded the state of Yamata/Tokyo (forgot its name).The Factions system doesnt make sense as a lot of nations will stay nuetral no matter what.Why the ♥♥♥♥ did i merge wars with Japan we're not even at war with the U.S. yet now i am forced too even though i am not allied with Japan and have been helping Chinia but now i am at war with them because some random ♥♥♥♥ing nation i hate invaded them.No seriously that can happen.Post-War borders are ♥♥♥♥ing UGLY.The peace conference system was a mistake its so ♥♥♥♥ing bad.[EDIT.1] You will never need, or will ever get close to researching jets. By the time jets come around the war is already over.[EDIT.2] The DLC adds BASE GAME level♥♥♥♥♥♥ No seriously things like asking for lend-lease and vassal control is locked behind a paid DLC.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] The AI is actually worse now, its much, much more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and will NOT invade empty provinces.[EDIT.2][TFV] Did i mention that you require DLC to fix part of the game? I mean its still broke as ♥♥♥♥ but now its slightly more broken.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] Oh yeah theres a lot of focus trees that make no sense historically and infact make less sense than before.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] Forts break the AI.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] FORTS BREAK THE AI HARD.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] FORRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTZZZZZZZZZZ[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] You can be communist Germany and the Americans still declare war on you for being facist.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] Same with the Soviet Union.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] Actually anyone can declare war on anyone else for any ♥♥♥♥ing reason because no one ♥♥♥♥ing cares.[EDIT.2][Death & Dishonor] Seriously ♥♥♥♥ this game.All in all DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, it may not be as glitchy as HOI3 but god damn its so much worse."
76561198099830363,Not Recommended,394360,23468182,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jiim,"It's a pity that there is no option for ""neither good nor bad"" to rate this game. I'm happy they have released this game but it's so unfinished and simplified, it's no longer paradox standard (or is it?). You can see they have knowingly prepared this game for tones of their overpriced DLCs (greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s).Atmosphere is good, but doesn't feel historically, it's so easy to change history with not much effort. It's not bad you can do that it's just too easy.Battle plans are okay (but you need to look after them, they happen to split and do some random stuff if you won't watch [still not bad])Trade system is a joke, it's an insult for playersI was expecting more, I was even willing to vote for ""yes"", but I know that Paradox is greedy, cunning and did that on purpose to rip players pockets. Paradox - move away from the same slope as EA and Ubishit is.EDIT:After a little more time in this game I decided to play HoI 3, unless you prefer playing arcade game with no historical accurancy, play this version. HoI 3 was/is grand strategy game, this game is for casual players."
76561198009591051,Not Recommended,394360,23525334,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Cyote13,"To start off with, yes, I am an old Hearts of Iron player.  I have played all 3 previous versions.  I have played HOI 3 for hundreds of hours probably, usually with mods, but the mods are based on the core game which is pretty good.In its current state this game is unplayable.  I can only think that all the people that have given positive reviews have been playing Risk, and not played a full game of HOI 4 before putting in their reviews.So many of the same points being said that I am not going to list them all....ok, maybe a few in no particular orderBad....-No mini map-AI sucks....and that is not the opponent AI, the ""Allied"" AI does more to ♥♥♥♥ you than the enemy does.-pretty map, for hanging in a 3rd grade classroom and talking about the countries of the world....sucks for military actions-Generals and the OOB...I figured out how the Chinese had a level 7 leader....all...ALL 200 divisions in China were under his leadership and were passing him experience.-Resources should be stockpiled, duh, if I dig up 100 million tons of aluminum a month but only use 80 to build aircraft I will just dump the rest into the sea or something because, hell, I will never need it, but that extra steel I have that is being traded to my next enemy....sorry cant stop that either.  yes I know he gives me civ factories in exchange...but would like to make that choice myself.oi...I am done....just read all the other responses about how this game needs fixed badly"
76561198020132012,Not Recommended,394360,34147919,Posted: 10 August,all,Branko,"Well, some DLCs and expansions in, the game has been considerably fleshed out.In it's handling of air and naval warfare it is indeed a big step over HOI3, as it is in terms of stability itself (HOI3 simply kept crashing periodically). While some changes I did not exactly like, they are manageable...However, the game spectacularly fails in one important respect, which is really pivotal to the game. Land warfare and AI.Playing HOI4, the land AI is terrible and useless. This is over a year after the game's release. To paint you a picture, when I started the last game with little Greece, I decided I want to take Istanbul from Turkey.So, I start a war, and exploiting AI weakness park my troops behind a river on a mountain in big concentration. The AI bleeds itself white and wastes it's whole army charging a position it cannot possibly take, with the occasional one-division naval invasion adjecent to a port which gets wiped out due to not being able to get resupply.Once the AI has basically destroyed it's army and manpower reserve, I attack and soon Turkey capitulates.Then Italy attacks and cannot breach my lines and loses 2 million men in the process just charging into fortified mountain positions with understrength divisions. Basically, once the AI can't break a position it will only keep attacking, with less and less chance of victory as it's divisions get further depleted."
,Not Recommended,394360,24319719,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Nuczija,"Hearts of Iron 4 is a strange game. It has many good and bad elements to it, but ultimately it leads me to not recommend the game honestly.Simplification isn't necessarily a bad thing, and HoI4 did this in many good ways. Some of the 'complexity' of Hearts of Iron 3 was just confusing and unexplained UI. HoI4's UI is relatively clean and easy to use, with the exception of the air menu being clunky as hell, but not necessarily confusing. But other than that, my experience with the UI has been good.The graphics and artistic direction of the game however, I'm mixed on. I was originally against the combined map style, that combined terrain and political map modes. However I've gotten used to it, but it would be nice to have the option. Stellaris I've heard has the same problem in this regard, which is complete lack of map modes. There isn't even a VP (victory-point) map mode, which I feel is sort of critical.The game also suffers from spam, lots and lots of spam. You'll hear constant noises once the world war kicks of, and have constant alerts about naval and air combats. It is very annoying, I have no idea how this got past testing. Maybe it only annoys me but, I can't understand how anyone deals with it.Also something that is actually more complex than HoI3 is the production and logistics. Now you actually have to set production lines for various equipment (tanks, infantry equipment, trucks, etc.), you can also make variants of said equipment for better performance or specialty use. You make this equipment by setting up production lines and assigning factories. So you can produce very little of a specialty item, but mass-produce a cheap item very easily. Also these production lines use resources.But these resources don't matter, because units don't consume them. They're only used in the initial creation of the equipment, and that's it. You can have little oil, and still make tanks but at a slower pace. You can literally have zero oil in your country and not be importing any what-so-ever, and it won't affect your already existing tanks at all. This makes no sense, as the Axis alliance with Romania (Ploiesti) and their push to the Caucasus (Baku) was caused entirely by the need for oil to fuel their industries and also their armies. You will never face a crisis to get fuel for your army, or a need to make an urgent push towards oil refineries. Because your already existing tanks take no fuel maintenance. It can be argued that resources are important, which they are, but it's greatly diminished.However, your factories are very important. Without factories, you can't produce anything, not even basic equipment for your armies. Your production can be hindered in a number of ways, such as capture of factories or damage due to strategic bombing. So you need to keep at least some aircraft in reserve or at the home-front to intercept enemy bombers to not have less factories.Or you would have less, if the AI was there. The AI doesn't seem very good, and I'm not saying this as some sort of mastermind strategist (I only have 90 hours in HoI3 and never completed Barbarossa). But when in my first attempt, I defeated the Soviet Union as Germany, I didn't feel any sense of accomplishment. For me it was literally ""draw a line and win"", I drew a line in the battle-planner and let the divisions go. I could've had less casaulties and maybe did it faster if I had controlled my divisions manually, but, I feel the game is way too easy if I can literally set one line for Barbarossa and win. That, and when I did take Leningrad, Moscow, Stalingrad, there was no victory. It became a whack-a-mole type hunt to capture random Soviet cities that became their capital when their main armies were utterly defeated. Fun.And after all of that, the most infuriating part of my review honestly. Is the damned peace-conference system. You will almost see things like Yugoslavia annexing the entirety of Germany, or the AI taking random pockets of territory. As Germany I couldn't even take territory up to the Ural Mountains, I was forced to let Italy take some land when they participated very little. This is because of the system where you can't use up more ""points"" than the person behind you. So if you and the person in second place are very close, you can't do much. While if the person in third place has very little points (as is often the case, due to minors), it means the second-place person has basically free reign.Also one last point I wanted to make. This is purely my opinion, and I'm basing it off of what I know from previous Paradox titles (my first game was Crusader Kings 2). This game will be riddled with dlc, lots of it. There's so many missing things, major (espionage, national focus trees) and minor (portraits) that Paradox will not ignore. A sequel is meant to build off of it's predecessors, and HoI4 does that in many ways, but it feels some stuff is being left out for future dlc. One example is that HoI4 has less than 500 portraits (even counting portraits that are the same people w/ different clothes), while HoI3 had over 17,000 unique portraits...Ultimately I don't recommend Hearts of Iron IV. I enjoyed it, and will continue playing it, but I can't recommend it honestly due to its problems. I will not use, nor accept, ""wait for the dlc"". I shouldn't have to, and I don't know why this is such a popular argument. I might change this in the future as the game improves, because I definitely will keep checking in."
,Not Recommended,394360,29634680,Posted: 1 February,all,Wayward Son,"It's good but it's just not quite good enough.The economics side of the game is really well-modeled; all your equipment and weapons take on a new importance in terms of industrial production, requiring some careful thinking and foresight so as to avoid mid-game issues. Striking balances between military and civilian factories according to your foreseeable needs makes for an interesting meta-game aspect. Early military build-ups may take preference for military factories for instance, but can you afford to let go of those civilian factories for much-needed resources? The player will definitely ask themselves questions like these throughout the game.Diplomacy is thankfully more fleshed out this time round, with a new option to create factions and non-agression pacts actually becoming usable in single player. A smart 'reasoning' system has been implemented, making NPCs react to the player country in certain ways. It's as entirely viable, for example, to create a faction via threatening force against your neighbours as it is to do so with a charm offensive by improving relations. Trade has been simplified in an interesting way - swapping civilian factories for a set number of resources - so no more painful micro-managing of trade deals to get 100k of all resources.Combat is also pretty well done, with battles taking a little longer now compared to HoI3 and a raised emphasis on success at the operational level, which can be accomplished a number of ways thanks to doctrinal foci. Commanders intending to build a strong infantry-based army heavily supported by artillery may wish to adopt superior firepower doctrines, while others focusing on a more mobile, tank-led military would prefer doctrinal training for mobile operations. The use of tactics form a major, realistic part of battles now, with better-skilled commanders more likely to use better tactics in order to win battles.At this stage you might be thinking why am I not giving this a thumbs up? Well, there are a few reasons.AI issues is a big one. The AI is rather weak in terms of its intelligence. It remains tied by feet and hands to the battleplan system, which is a really ineffective way for it to fight on many occasions, as it will perform rapid strategic re-deployments to areas which are not necessarily the most urgent. Take Italy for instance. Poor, poor Italy, whose navy gets crushed almost every time in the Mediterranean, whose soldiers consistently fail to defend the most important Italian VP locations, allowing the British to stroll right into Rome in 1940. This happens a lot, and brings me to my next point: naval invasions.Naval invasions are implemented terribly. You need a minimum of 50% air and/or naval superiority in the seas along which you intend to send your invasion fleet. This is too easy, requiring a few destroyer squadrons or fighter wings at best, both of which the AI has a tendency to spam. If you can reach that minimum, you can invade anybody with the bare minimum of effort. The solution to fix it of course is simple: require air and/or navalsupremacy, meaning 100% control over those seas.Historically, when the Western Allies invaded Normandy in 1944, the Luftwaffe could muster only approximately 170 fighters to duel with more than 12,000 of their Allied counterparts, and the Kriegsmarine remained locked up in north German ports, sending only a fewS-Bootento harrass the invasion fleet. This situation is the very definition of supremacy and there's absoutely no reason why this shouldn't apply in-game.World tension is something of a very irritating, sandbox-y annoyance. It's a measure of how tense international politics are and various kinds of action will increase or decrease it. Declarations of war, annexations and post-war treaties in the realm of non-Democratic nations tend to increase it, while natural decay, guarantees of independence and declarations of war from Democratic nations tend to decrease it.The developers seem to have this idea in their heads of providing an additional challenge for the Authoritarian and Democratic players, in that keeping WT low is ideal for the former, while raising it is ideal for the latter. This is obviously very silly, since WT as an element in itself is not bound to ideology; Democratic actions should ordinarily have just as much impact on WT as non-Democratic ones.It's also heavily advantageous for Democratic nations. By providing them with the guarantee option at 25% WT, they are able to throw out ahistorical guarantees willy-nilly to anyone who is being justified against by a non-Democratic nation. The problem is 25% WT gets reachveryquickly, within the first two in-game years, providing little to no room for non-Democratic nations to do ahistorical things, quite in spite of the fact that the guarantee options are ahistorical themselves; in reality of course nobody but Poland got anything like a guarantee of independence prior to 1940. And yet, try justifying against Portugal as Nationalist Spain in 1937 and the Anglo-French will have none of it.Again, the solutions are very simple: massively increase PP cost for ahistorical guarantees; decrease WT effects for non-Democratic actions; or remove ahistorical guarantees entirely.My final reason for the thumbs down is a simple, oft re-hashed yet critically important one: the continuation of PDX's DLC release business model. I just can't abide by this. I understand perfectly well that game companies need to remain competitive in the current environment but what we are going to end up paying is about $120/£90/E100 for the finished product. This is unacceptable, especially when the DLCs don't really improve the gameplay experience in a significant way. Unique focus trees? Improve puppet dynamics? This is mod-creatable stuff which should absolutely be in the base game anyway!Worse yet, there's a dirty little piece of reasoning behind all this: PDX are intent on continuing to release DLC and patches for previous, long-ago released games in their line-up. They won't be named because you know exactly what I'm talking about. But it's a very poor business practice and shows a lack of commitment to current and future games.TL;DR: Don't buy this for the time being. Go have a look at other titles, put money and effort into them and wait until a 'Panzer-Pusher Final Edition' has been released, then grab it on sale. This review is updated as of Feb 1st '17."
76561198152154325,Not Recommended,394360,34240947,Posted: 14 August,all,destructi1,"I was hopeful going into this, and this game does have a lot going for it, but as it stands this game isn't finished. The AI makes some bewildering decisions (Germany will declare war on everyone before it's ready for it, AI troops will completly ignore countries at war with them and rush towards you, and the frontline troops will attack when they have almost no moral), the pathfinding needs some reworking. A few game mechanics are kinda broken (trade system) and a few things that should be in the base game are not and some are hidden behind dlc. And that brings me to the two main non music/skin dlcTogether for victory: new national trees and events (pretty basic, any decent modder could do this) alternate historical paths for dominions, new autonomy systems(I feel like these shouldn't  be locked behind a paywall)  changes to lend lease, a spearhead battle plan, and technology sharing (these should absoloutly be in the base game, and it's cheap to hide them in dlc).Death or Dishonor: new focus trees (same as last time) equipment conversion, new diplomatic interactions, new puppet interactions (these should all be in the base game) new music and art (whatever).In short, the AI needs reworking, base game has some messed up features, and some missing features are locked behind a paywall."
76561198020579820,Not Recommended,394360,32785783,Posted: 25 June,all,Grizzlie,Been out a year and Paradox still hasn't fixed the AI you might want to wait another year to buy this game
76561198035568642,Not Recommended,394360,24833457,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,armzngunz,"Currently lacks many features resulting in ruined playthroughs, one thing being the lack of diplomacy, proper peace deals and broken AI. Have had alot of fun exploring many different what-ifs though."
,Not Recommended,394360,34004098,Posted: 3 August,all,Redrook,"""Hey, if we sell them the game, and then release overpriced DLC that completes the game after the refund window, they'll HAVE to buy it to get a return on their investment, right?""Nope. Just never going to buy another Paradox game again.¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561198074686992,Not Recommended,394360,23653298,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Tiszazug,"Pros:- Game has potential (future DLCs here they come)- Streamlined, more accessible- Can be fun (for a while)Cons:- Incompetent AI- Ludicrous AI- Stupendous AI- Does nothing at all AISeriously, the AI in some cases is unable to achieve the complex task like advancing forward or - you know - attaking the enemy.Wait for a patch that fixes the AI, then it can be a great game. If you want a challenge play Stellaris instead. Oh wait..."
76561198076104660,Recommended,394360,25715243,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kmongo,">play as Germany>take over half of Europe with threads and demands>not a single bullet fired>go to war with allies>war over>peace deal>landlocked Hungary takes parts of Mexico>Egypt is a Japanese puppet>Romania annexes a Huge chunk of land somewhere in Russia>play as Poland>go for an alliance with baltic states>Soviets send ultimatum to baltic states>Latvia and Estonia rather get annexed by the commies than joining my faction>have to cede land to Soviets and Germans hoping they won't invade>they still do>play as Austria>become fascist>the name of my country changes to ""Deutschsozialen Austria"">Germany wants to unify>okydoke>this basically means I get annexed>game over>play as UK>become fascist>dismantle the allies>fascists do what they want and nobody cares>request expedationary forces from India for a war with US, Mexico and Canada>get 100 units>they fight like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I still lose>play as Netherlands>become fascist and want to get Flanders from Belgium>the second I become fascist UK decides to ""intervene"">they rek me>play as Sweden>UK intervenes yet again because I'm selling ♥♥♥♥ing steel to Germany>play as Iran>conquer entire Middle East and nobody cares>get occupied by Soviets>play as Turkey>accidently give Istanbul to Greece>have to got to war to get it back>Italy joins and reks Greece>they make a puppet of Istanbul>theres now 2 Turkeys>get occupied by Soviets>play as Estonia>3 units>spend 4 years improving my army>5 units now>annexed by Soviets>play as Finland>guess who occupied me>play Soviets>go to war with axis>13 million casualties but won the warNice WWII simulator. It felt like I was there myself"
76561198053552103,Not Recommended,394360,30537161,Posted: 15 March,all,robothawk,"I personally spent so much damned time waiting for this game, convinced it would be everything I love from HOI3, but with better graphics, and a much smoother interface. What I got instead was an extremely watered down, and extremely incomplex game compared to its predecessor. While in HOI3 I could spend hours micromanaging an entire front for a couple days, or automate it all but a small 'Special Operations' unit under my direct command, HOI4 seems to take in favour of having the entire game automated.I enjoy the factory system, but it seems not well fleshed out compared to just following HOI3 BICE's method and adding different industry modifying plants, in addition to the IC system. Combat is boring and the entire game slows to a crawl due to the lack of propper army balancing. As Turkey I should not be able to single handedly conquer the Soviet Union, it should not be physically possible, at least not for a few hundred years.The game also lacks in the political spectrum, which HOI3 was not well known for either, though somehow Paradox managed to make it worse. Instead of having 6+ different political parties, many with differing ideologies or ministers or rules which would affect how you play, you have 4 ideologies. No Social Democrats vs Market Liberals, now it is Democratic, Fascist, Communist, or non-aligned, which disappears quickly enough with no way to bring it back.Overall I would like to like this game, but it is a world sandbox which starts in 1936, not a World War Two Grand Strategy Game, which is what was advertised."
,Not Recommended,394360,30828472,Posted: 30 March,all,a horse,"Paradox is of course infamous for putting out ludicrous amounts of DLC for every single one of their games, but I've always felt that most of their games, in particular EU4 and Stellaris, are all complete games of their own and can be enjoyed without requiring the DLCs. However, HoI4 is the first time I've played one of their games and felt that it was lacking something to make it 'complete'.As it is, the game boils down to simply drawing lines on the map and push a button to tell your generals to advance, the AI of which feel both unbearably dumb yet completely necessary if only for the sheer number of forces and fronts you have to wage war on. Perhaps people who really enjoy micromanagement can get more enjoyment out of this game, but for me it just felt kinda dull.I've heard that the multiplayer is way more interesting than single player games, and I can certainly see how that can be. While the game covers land, sea, and air, and in single players it's hard to get keep up with research on all 3 and even harder to have an industry to keep all 3 up to date. Perhaps in multiplayer, where each player is free to specialize in their own areas, it might get more interesting, but sadly I've only gotten to experience this game in single player mode for now.tl:dr, this game is decnet, but definitely not worth the full price in my personal opinion."
,Not Recommended,394360,23518268,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Blimp,"The difference between this game and HoI2/Darkest Hour is the difference between new LEGO and old Lego. Old Lego you got a bucket full of pieces and you could make whatever the pieces let you make, new LEGO you make a racecar or whatever and thats it.The racecar is fun and everything, for a little while at least, but its not really LEGO, and this isn't really Hearts of Iron."
76561198036185463,Not Recommended,394360,30750699,Posted: 26 March,all,dragosmur,"Automation mechanics is completely messed up. Units run around with no purpose in mind, walk thousands of km to fight a distant enemy instead of fighting the enemy in front of them. The best solution is to manually order them around.Can not make peace unless the enemy capitulates. No white peace here. No war goals. No negociation.War justification is stupid, there is no point in adding more provinces for justification when you can symply annex the entire country after you defeat them.They should have simply copied the war diplomacy system from Stellaris.Overall for me it caused more frustration than joy while playing."
,Not Recommended,394360,23651207,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Breath_Of_Ice,"I do not write reviews often, however I am a devoted customer of Paradox and I had to raise my voice: this is not a very playable game. Yet. There are so many bugs, so many mistakes in AI, in Army control, very cluncky production and army builder, super linear technology and focus trees, very wierd resource distribution - so many Major features just feel unfinished or not thought through.I do hope that Paradox will work on this game and polish it out and make it playable. However, uintil then I can not reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,394360,24471089,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rizla,"I had to rewrite my old rewiev, as I wanted to add more points to it. Going to try and make it in an ordered way. First of all, this game issupposed to be a game a bout WW2, but it fails so very very hard. Not one game has even resembled WW2 the slightest.What is goodNot everything is crap though. There are a few good things too.Production: I really like that you have to produce individual planes, equipment, tanks etc.Variants: I like that you can make your own variants of planes, ships and tanks.Divisional designer: I like it. But not loving it. Too few optionas. Not every single divison should have to follow a template in my opinion. What if you would like one special template for one division? Sure, you can create a templatejust for that division, no problem. However, if you wan't to have several... It kind of gets messy after a while.What do I find bad...AI - really really bad. Germany can't even capture Denmark in some games. Makes all kind of stupid stuff.These stuff can and will be fixed eventually though....Political Map / Borders: Completely useless. They have tried to make a ""pretty"" and ""cute"" fake 3D world that just don't work. If you zoom in you can barely seperate your own provinces from your enemy. It is especially bad if there is a front with a lot of units. Even worse if you have an ongoing battle-plan going on, it just clutters everything up really bad.Terrain Map: Doesn't exist. Paradox claim you don't need it... However, in some areas you can't seperate a jungle from a hill or a mountain, desert from a mountain or similar. It is just chaotic. You will have to click on the individual province to see what terrain it actually has.Battle plans: Idea behind it is good. But it is a failure as of now. The AI control handler in HOI3 was superior and your units actually could follow a path and function properly (if you handled it correctly). In HOI4 it may soon turn into an ugly mess. Also, the plans should be able to be hidden on an ""army"" to ""army"" basis. As of now, if more armies is at one front... Well, you soon can't see the province at all, the ""plans"" might cover everything up.OOB - No OOB anymore. No need appearantly. Some people like it that is really simple and not realistic. I myself, would have wanted Corps, Armies, Army Groups and Theaters back. And be able to give orders on each level.Lack of leaders: Way too few leaders. Might be because they have the new painted effect on them. But anyway, way too few and not historical.Fake leaders: you can generate new ones if you think it is too few. These however arefakegeneric ones, with generic portraits. It will annoy the heck out of anyone that is even remotely interested in WW2. Same with the Fighter Aces - they are also fake and generic.Fake events: Amelia Earhart might survive and guess what... She may become a FIGHTER ACE for the USA... History doesn't mean anything.Air Wings are just numbers. It's a number game. Just clik and place them. Delete them afterwards. No need to move them. They can be as big or small as you like too. History out the window.""Armies"" - well an ""army"" in HOI4 is a funny term really. It's just a blob. It can be of any size. Doesn't function as an army or anything else for that matter. It's just a group of units.Division names: You might have a 1st Infantry Divison already, yet the game INSISTS on building 1. Infantry Division again... You can ofcourse rename them... The AI on the other hand, does not. You will fight numerous 1. Infantry Division all around. They have names like: 1. Infantry Divison Type 1, Type 2, Type 3 etc.Naval: Just build a big stack. Will kill everything.Transports? No need for it. You can just convoy your divisions anywhere in the world.Messages? Have you lost your capital? Have there been an invasion, lost a provice? Has a unit been encircled or lost/killed? You don't get any pop-ups anymore. You get small notifications sometimes, but they doesn't necessary mean anything. If there really is an invasion going on, you would think a pop-up would be in order.No sub-units names anymore: They just ""exist"" - I personally don't like it, but some people may do and many won't care. I however, liked to have names and ""souls"" for the individual sub-units as well. Famous regiments etc.Ledger: Doesn't existNumber of divisions: The amount of units some nations have is just a joke.Easy: The game is way too easy in many aspects. As a minor you can quite easily become a major, not that hard to become a world dominator as minor either, and far too easy to get the nuclear bomb first...Non-historical: most aspects just don't follow history at all... Some says it is never intended to do so, it ismeant to be a sandboxgame only. Why then brand it and market it as a WW2 game?3D units that looks like children toys - with silly animations doing pushups etc.No counters - well, there kind of is counters, but new ones when the old ones worked so well. The new ones don't work at all. They don't stack, they ""merge"" making it impossible to see what province they actually are based in unless zooming in. They are rectangular and way too small. You can luckily have NATO symbols on them, the standard ones you might see some youtubers play with are just awful and kills any immersion you may have left.Politics: Doesn't really exist. It's just neutral, communist, democrat or fascist. You can easily become anything withing a very short time. Playing any country, you can switch ideology.Espionage: Doesn't really exist. However, you can create civil wars in any country you wish, very easily.Trade? Doesn't exist. You can buy stuff, but you cannot sell. When someone buys from you, you get ""civilian factories"" in return.Fuel? Not needed. You build things faster, sure. But when built, ships/tanks/planes doesn't need fuel to function. They run on fairy dust.National focus thing: Well, I really can't see the point in this thing... Sure, you can get some stuff here and there. They are instead of events really. But too many non-historical-and-absolutely-nonsense focus ideas. Some are natural and good. However, the events in HOI3 was superior. You could then choose when to select an event at some times, for instance kicking of WW2 on september the 1st. Not possible in HOI4. Also, for fascist nations, not needed to going to war for anyhow. You can just go to war early and conquer all of Europe in 1936.WW2 will never be called WW2. It will most of the times be called ""German Polish War"" - even if Poland capitulated years ago.No more individual provinces... No names, no individual anything. Everything is ""state-based"" - what is a state you might ask? Well, so do I. For some nations it is actual states, for others it just... random, totally random and non-historical nonsense once again. Factories/infrastructure etc.I guess I could mention a whole lot more. But enough is enough. I feel this game is more for the ""casual"" gamer than don't need to learn a game. This game is really easy to learn. If you like games like Grigsby's War in the East or similar stay far away. Actually, if you liked EU4 you might like this, because this game resembles this more than any of the previous HOI games. It's just a random world where random stuff will happen.Just don't expect WW2. This game has NOTHING to do with WW2, and I feel a bit sad and hurt that it market and brands  itself that way."
76561198091816593,Not Recommended,394360,24708624,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mrorome,"Great concept, with awesome graphics (for a grand strategy) and mechanics, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI makes it unplayable. For example: Allied powers make a landing in Normandy and 3rd Reich casually ignores the western front and guards russian border with 400 (!) divisions. And they weren't even at war. The AI is so ridiculously broken that this isn't even the worst example. Alliances are useless, as in most of the cases your allies will do some dubious♥♥♥♥♥♥and end up as free factories for your enemies. And enemies are not much better. They either swarm you with ALL their divisions / planes / fleets at once or they completely ignore you and let you take their land with next to no resistance. For example, in the same game, USA decided to put all their divisions in Europe, and defended their mainland with 10 (!!!) divisions against my 80. If you want to buy that game I'd strongly advise you to wait for proper AI patches. Maybe in a year the game will be in a playable state, but right now it feels like a pre-alpha build with place holder AI."
,Recommended,394360,23420748,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Tony,Poland can into space now.
76561197969134510,Recommended,394360,23442676,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Zach,"So far so good,The two biggest changes this time around are the battle plan system, and a more simplified UI and gameplay. I'd definately say both of these changes were positive ones.The battle plans are an amazing way to reduce micro management, and I really wish they were in EU4. Also it's more or less optional, at any point you can grab some troops and order them around manually, and when they are done they'll get back to whatever battle plan you had going.So the gameplay this time around is simpler than previous games, which some people miss. But persionally I like being able to play the game without having everything automated. Seriously though, if a HOI3 fan every complains about ""dumbing down"" ask them if they played with their trade deals automated.Honestly, like a lot of Paradox games, I think they all have the same overall level of complexity, it just moves to other places. So for example you are no longer stockpiling resources, it's all flows now. But you are still stockpiling equipment, vehicles can have different variations, and every once in a while you'll research some new infantry equipment, or a tank, or a plane. Then you've got your entire army using the old gear while you build and resupply your units with the new equipment.Ignore the haters who are comparing fully patched HOI3 with 7 years of DLC to launch day HO4"
,Not Recommended,394360,27949478,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Richard343,Broken AI breaks the game 0/10
76561198027483701,Not Recommended,394360,25938084,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,exosolar,"If you are going to play this game solo, it has a very broken AI right now.It does not work and is non-competitive.It is prone to doing really stupid things.I captured all of Africa with 4 divisions as an allied player.I saw France hold the German advance for 8 months, then promptly remove almost all units from the Country over a 4 day period.I saw Japan drive 90% through China and then remove all units to just give it back, including their own region to the north.I saw the British take half of mainland Italy in 1941, then left to go make a new landing in northern Belgium.I saw the German advance in Poland halted for two months as they seemed to have moved all frontline units somewhere else. Leaving holes, through which Poland took back some regions.As the Netherlands, I took most Germany after they declared war on me, but attacked France through the Maginot line, which was going very slowly. The AI will rotate low organization units a very long way back from the front (too far), so I kept surrounding and killing those units. Like Africa above, it has no ability to react to a threat, so as long as you go where it is not concentrated you can do whatever.As the US, I declared war on the Axis in early 1941, promptly took all of mainland Japan since almost all of its units were still in China.I tried tinkering with the available modding parameters that effect the AI, but there do not appear to be parameters to change many of these behaviors.Research is completely unnecessary since the starting units work fine against an  enemy that is ignoring you.Earlier post:Sadly, entirely disappointed with HOI 4, what a mess.I have thousands of hours in HOI 1-3, with the bulk of that in HOI 3. I play entirely solo since my schedule and blocks of time are irregular.Solo play in HOI 4 is a joke. The AI is entirely non-competitive.I have played through as two different majors, and have started short games with the others for a comparison.AI does not appear to have any unit upgrade plan, or worse maybe it does the research but never builds the units.AI ground units run in endless circles around the map, tying up convoy units in the process. Allied country units will show up and move through any of the player fronts as single units. Mostly they stop and sit somewhere for short while then move again. Sometimes they attack, badly, paying no attention to what you may be doing. They cannot hold any ground.Playing as the US, joined the allies, and they very quickly filled up all my airbases in the United States. I had UK Naval bombers sitting Kansas? Allied air unit deployment was everywhere on the map except where the ground units are actually fighting, so as far as I can tell they are useless under AI control. Never once were my ground units bombed or fighters challenged.Ground support shows animations of planes, but again no indication of the effect or even if there is one. Fighters are very much the same it appears they kill enemy planes but you have no idea how many or even if they are. This also means you have no way understand how many or where they should be deployed. For planes it appears your biggest enemy is attrition which seems to destroy a lot.You can build, deploy and assign bombing missions to strategic bombers, but there is no indication that they do anything. Without feedback how can you every understand the effect based on numbers, so 10 or 1000, all the same.Naval bombers do attack ships from time to time and appear somewhat effective.AI navies only sometimes make anything close to a real fleet. Fighting against Japan, I frequently faced isolated battleships, BC or 2-3 cruisers together. None of these had any screens so they easily fall to a well-built fleet or a submarine squadron. AI aircraft carriers after a while will be empty but still cruising around.The army and orders concept seemed like a good idea. The only time it has even a remote chance of working correctly is when it has one objective, from one army. You are forced to use this for any naval beach landing or para-drop operation. Once you have done one of these, you have quickly remove all units from the army and create a new army to get rid of any orders otherwise the AI starts doing something stupid. It does do a good job of rotating units in and out of the front line, although the low organization units sometimes wonder off a long ways and sit way too long.The AI can make a beach landing, then it plugs in a bunch of units and randomly attacks, it may attack left for a while, then change its focus to the right. It never appears to reinforce this zone, except for the wondering units. It never has a plan, which works in a stalemate sense if the defender is AI. The defending AI will counter-attack after a successful attack but it is not reinforced and only generally with the units on hand if even it is 1 on 10. Otherwise a defending AI does no attacking and shuffles its units around to keep the line somewhat balanced and loses.Jets are not on the unit upgrade path, so you end up build entirely new squadrons, bad.Modern tanks are also not on the upgrade path, so there is no flow to use those into existing units.You have multiple levels of radar, but no idea what they add or when.Balanced, non-historical tech tree sucks and should be entirely tossed. Total lack of unit variation between counties also entirely wrong, this is one big keys to making this a enjoyable military period.Balanced factories and resources suck any long term life out the game since all countries play the same.I see no hope of this ever being fixed, because right now there is nothing the AI does correctly, good thing I still have HOI 3."
76561198010890055,Not Recommended,394360,23434611,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Zimmer,"Edit: I'm doing this review to help this game better. I'm aware HO3 is a little bit complicated in some cases. So don't be offensive. After a couple of games my updated review below;----------------------------------------------------------------------First of all, I want to say that I'm not a perfectionist man regarding strategy games and this is my honest review. I have been waiting this game for more than 2 years and a fan of all paradox titles.But  lately something happened to great Paradox company, Stellaris and HOI4 has some  problems. Especially HOI4 is a serious disappointment for me at this stage. Why? Please follow details below;#1 Game has a lineer logic and flow. I have tried to play with Turkey (historically neutral country) and Romania (historically @ Axis side), I aligned (changed my goverment to Communist) to Soviet side and some AI decisions were so stupid. Soviets don't call  me to join Faction. I have applied and later Soviet attacked Allies, and didn't call me (I'm a part of the Commintern)? Why?Update: In my another game I go with Turkey and Communismi Soviet Union called me to join their faction. Strange?Update: Game's diplomatic logic fails in some cases. There must be a balance between History AI and Reality. If I change a country to Communism via Espionage. For example Yuıgoslavia (with its socialist leader Tito) should tend to align and join to Commintern not Allies.Same as Romania, tried to align Alies, some AI decisions were interesting. I think, diplomatic AI of that game is broken or has some issues in some situations. Maybe if you play with major countries Germans or Soviet you can't see that issues. If you play with minor countries you will probably face with such illogical things.#2 AI diplomatic decisions sometimes illogical. For example I have changed  France's goverment by supporting Communist party to a France Commune, but France Commune joined war with Allies faction not joined to Commintenrn (interesting)? WTF? In additon I'm a small country how can I do that? There must be a logic-limit for that diplomatic actions.Update:Germany is failed but started a lot of illogical wars all over the Europe and collapsed.National Spain get the Africa but didn't defend its motherland and failed.#3 If you play with a small country, you can easily change 4-5 countries political system by time. This is not realistic.Update:  With the points by gaining from National Focus tree easily, changing a goverment political system in some cases so easy. I have already checked that Game diplomacy AI does not use this method to Create natural Allies or not trying to blockade my espionage. So I can change Romania'n political system and Germany does not take any diplomatic action for that.#4 Trade system is not good and problematic. You don't exchange oil with civilian factory power! Exchanging my goods without my approval is not realistic. Please check old HOI3 and work more.Update: I don't like trade system.#5 Interface is good as visually but some functions or management of your troops (like planes re-deployment, finding your trops etc (not on the map) and productions are problematic. Game Interface UX is bad for some screens. Check EUI4 and work more please.#6 This is a political, diplomacy and grand war game. Army organization is so easy in HOI4. Because there is no Army organization.#7 If you research a new technology sometimes you need to upgrade your tanks, guns etc. But learning the upgrading process is a real pain not gamer friendly.#8 There' no ledger or any detailed statistic regarding on going wars except small world tension war tab.#9 Lack of Espionage and DiplomacyWhat is good?#1 Visuals#2 Organized and Polished Research Tree#3 Great National Focus mechanic, but it needs to be re worked I think.#4 I couldn't see logical issues on War AI, but some report that.#5 Battle plan is innovative but it may be a little bit easier to use.#6 Auto Synchronizatiın fix when playinng multiplayer (if you had an issue regarding internet, network etc)#7 Good combination of Political and Terrain Map#8 Funcionality of closing Day/Night Cycle#9 World Tension Mechanic#10 Great Musics and Atmosphere#11 New Turn Based War Result Deplomacy Screen#12 New Production CycleSome part of the game is studied really well and great, but some is  sloppy. I think, paradox will check the issues and make this game better for strategy lovers and fans."
,Recommended,394360,25416766,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Iwanabaengineer,"Yes or no...Do you like world war two? (1pt)Do you like stragity games? (1pt)Do you like great gaming communities? (1pt)Do you like paradox games? (1pt)Do you like games where you change the fate of the world (or not)? (1pt)Do you like gaming companies that care about you with a bug update every few weeks? (1pt)Do you like world domination games set in the world with all continents? (1pt)Do you like real time war? (1pt)Do you like to choose what you produce how much and to make it reallly good and expensive or cheap and fast? (1pt)If you answered yes to all of these (6-9pts) then buy it. If you answered yes to most then buy Empire Total War, (3-5pts) if you said yes to none of them then get a mount and blade warband (less then 3pts)"
,Recommended,394360,24000376,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dipex,"I wish there was an ""eh"" button for the review, because I feel like HoI4 falls into that category.  I can't really pinpoint why I feel that way about the game either, its substantially better than Stellaris (ie its actually a game and everything actually works as intended).  But at the same time its not on par with HoI2.I think the reason for that is that what takes away from this game is a litany of small annoyances - dozens of tiny things that could have just been done slightly better - rather than a single glaring problem.For example, the UI makes everything just slightly too inconvenient to do.  Its slightly too annoying to move planes up with your troops, and if you're fighting on the border of one of the predefined air zones there isn't really a good way to divide up your planes between them.The land theater UI is also just a little too annoying to use - there really needs to be just a general ""advance foward"" command or a way for it to dynamically assign divisions to a front based on current needs.  The current system becomes a problem when you're rapidly advancing into an area with borders from multiple countries, or terrain features like lakes.  Everytime your front reaches one of those it splits into two new fronts, which divides your units up based on whichever front they're closer to, rather than whichever front needs them the most.  This requires you to do a tremendous amount of tedious and unnecessary micromanaging to resolve something that shouldn't even be an issue in the first place (ie a lake or new border shouldn't split the front).Submarines are also annoying to fight against.  Once you clear out a country's main navy you tend to just get bogged down dealing with submarines because they start combat unattackable.  They can only be attacked once they decide to engage, but they won't engage against unfavorable odds.  This results in your fleets just becoming stuck in a permanent, unending combat against them, which lasts until their country surrenders because they don't need to remain in supply to just sit in a zone and continually force your ships to just sit there waiting for them to surface.  Again, this isn't game breaking, but its annoying.And that really sums up a lot about the game.  It has a lot of good points, and a lot of things that seem like they could be fun.  But when you get into it everything is just slightly too inconveniant for you to think ""man this is really a worthy successor to HoI2.""I ultimately came down on the thumbs up side for this because despite its flaws its still a decent game, and with Stellaris and MoO being the turds that they are its really the best thing on the market right now.  Given that, if you're itching to play a grand strategy game, its worth your $40.  If you just saw a post about the game on a site somewhere and are looking to jump on the hype train without any real interest in the genre then its probably not worth your money."
76561197990657943,Not Recommended,394360,23515330,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Crokey,If you enjoyed HOI3 you will hate this game. All depth and complexity have been stripped out to the point where the mechanics consist of an idiotic AI using your units slugging it out with an equally stupid enemy AI controlling their units. Nowhere is this more obvious than in the truncated Order Of Battle where instead of being able to group your units and assign them to Corps where they can complement each other you are instead forced to pile all of your divisions (which you have much less control over the composition of) into unwieldy armies that you are all but compelled to hand over all control over to the AI (which as always does a terrible job).It would seem that rather than try to make a useful tutorial to explain the game mechanics to players Paradox threw the baby out with the bath water and just stripped out all of the potentially confusing mechanics to get mass market appeal.I can only hope that Paradox works some miracles in the patches/ expansion packs because at the moment there is very little to keep players interested for long.
76561198183754663,Recommended,394360,35088214,Posted: 20 September,all,t0tin0_boi,">is belgium>flips facist>take netherlands, doing good, feeling good, 30+ divisions>get love letter from hitler>join le axis>immediately thrown into war with france, steamrolled by 50 british divisions10/10"
,Not Recommended,394360,24904842,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Silverblade,"tl;dr If you loved Hearts of Iron III, you will probably dislike this game. If you found Hearts of Iron III too complex, you may like this game. If you're new to paradox, find another titlePros- Game is straight forward. Not as hard to learn compared to Paradox's other titles- Battle plans are great and is probably the best part about this game- Animations are great. Nuking a city isn't comletely anti-climatic compared to HoI III- Production system doesn't require your attention as much compared to HoI III.- The art and style of the game is good- Air combat animations is pretty nice- Naval systemthat's all I can think of at the moment.Cons- No espionage system (unless ""coups"" count as one). Was very disappointed- AI does some pretty stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥- Communist China has a HISTORICALLY INACCURATE FLAG, FIX IT!- It's way too easy, simple, and short to overthrow the government system and replace them with a new one. It should at least be longer than just 1-2 years.- Crashing. Now this pisses me off and has been happening to quite a few others I personally know.- All South American countries have the exact same looking leader and so do some of the middle eastern countries.- Paradox took out historically accurate and photographed leaders from each country and replaced them with their own. I want to look at an actual photograph of mein Fuhrer- War goals are pretty bad. You should be able to change what territories you want to snatch while fighting that war. Some countries get involved into those wars. In Hearts of Iron III, you could edit your war goals while fighting a war, or if another country joins in you can add a war goal. Very lame- National focuses need more focuses.- Peace conferences are absolutely terrible. They make the ""peace"" option a horrible option. There's no ""white peace"". All a peace conference is, is grabbing as much territory before the next guy on your side can.- World tension system is ♥♥♥♥ed. It needs to be reworked or just removed completely.I don't recommend this at all to Paradox veterans. This game is one of Paradox's more simple games. I suggest playing Hearts of Iron III if you're looking for more of a challenge, realism, and something more fun."
,Not Recommended,394360,28392602,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hardison,"Dont buy it, they are refusing to improve on the broken AI and pretty much a broken game, Then on top of that they are going to make you pay for a fixed game.. on top of what you paid for the game originally. wish i never took that leap of faith for paradox cause they screwed me on it."
76561198032974499,Not Recommended,394360,23549881,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,mc3744,"I’ve played them all. All the HoI and all Paradox games. EU and HoI my favorites.I’ve been expecting Hoi IV eagerly and I was sorely disappointed.The game is not bad, but it is worse than HoI 3. If you haven’t played it before you’ll like it. But if you have …Graphic looks better but it’s much worse in terms of usability.Some examples: you can no longer tell the strength of a division without clicking twice to get into the unit details. For instance, all Inf divisions look alike, whether they have one battalion or are at full strength. You can no longer identify your uber-heavy-division looking at the small numbers below. They are all alike. Sad. Annoying.Many map overlays remove the view of all the units, hence you cannot give orders while, for instance, looking at the resistance overlay.When you click on a unit you get the list of all the units assigned to the army, not the details of the unit. For that you need and additional click, in the right spot too.Unfortunately, I could go on and on with the UI deterioration. It looks nice simply because it’s new, but the previous one was way better.The AI has improved and working battle plans are nice … but.But, as clearly shown on the War on Wednesday videos, the AI is just not good enough and it requires constant micro managing. However, you no longer have the luxury of customizing what messages you get, hence you need to keep checking the map to make sure you don’t have paratroopers landing in your backyards while you are micromanaging a given area.Therefore, you can assign a front to the AI, but only if you are overwhelmingly stronger and you are in no hurry. Otherwise just do it yourself. It’s an eye candy, but the performance is not even comparable to a human player.You no longer get some nice little pictures, in the research screen, of the new panzer model or the new heavy fighter. You have some cartoonish like graphic, very generic and it gives to little to no satisfaction at all.No matter how big you get. You research capability will be capped at 5 slots. For instance, soon (1937 at most) Germany and Italy will have the same research capabilities. Regardless of the conquests, regardless of the starting point. It’s quite odd, especially considering the obvious bias of the videos’ dudes versus Italy on war on Wednesday. It was annoying and, apparently, for nothing too.And so on and so forth.Bottom line, IMHO this is the worst in the series. Still a decent game, but so much worse."
,Recommended,394360,32013351,Posted: 27 May,all,Pink boi #1,"1. Buy Game2. Play as Germany3. Get confused4. Invade Poland5. Lose your panzer divisions because of organization6.Get invaded by Ireland7. Irish capitulate you8. Get puppeted by the Irish9. Live in pain and humiliation foreverEdit: As to the man who said they were democratic, this was alternate history, they were made Communist."
76561198009283538,Not Recommended,394360,23473784,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,dwolf357,"HOI4 was a game I had been looking forward to for some time. When the release was pushed back for ""balancing issues"" I was dissapointed but also rejoicing that a company had the integrity to acknowledge the need to correct issues. Having played it, I'm left wondering what they fixed. The AI is horrible. Amphibious attacks with 3 divisions? Allies unable to hold territory, God forbid you expect them to launch legitimate offensives. And the trade issue. Please explain why Germany would ever trade away excess oil and rubber...for the sake of sanity why can the player not control where resources are being traded to?The graphics are beautiful and the mechanics for ground combat seem to be there. As for Naval and air I'm uncertain but it might be OK as well.The game doesn't deserve the high ratings.  I understand Paradox is usually good about patching and fixing problems, they have started with Stellaris issues and hopefully HOI4 is soon to see some much needed repairs."
,Recommended,394360,23467700,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Shady Dave™,"Since HOI 4 has been out for a few months now I decided to change my original review because there have been some changes and my original review may not paint a accurate picture of the product.The good.UI is better than it has ever been plus it looks nice.The battle plan system is a good addition.There are a lot of great mods out that add to the games replay value.Sound design is good.There deffinetly is fun to be had.The airforce and navy management is less frustratign now.The peace conferences are decent. The nation with the most score takes what they want and if you dont wnat much you can give things to other nations, makes it feel pretty realistic.Multiplayer is more stable than in older paradox games.You no longer have to close the game if you want to go paly multiplayer with your friends or start a new game.The bad.Drawing a battle plan and having the AI execute it is nice but the AI is bad at it. Your army will advance very slowly and attack points in the enemy deffence where they will take heavy losses. Also your men don't exploit the gaps in the enemy line, but some how the enemy AI is able to do it so it seams very dumb.If you put your men on a front the ai will shuffle them around in idiotic ways, it will not put an equal number of troops on every province, it doesn't even prioritize provinces with hard to deffend terrain, it seams to just plop them on the line randomly and during battle it will shift men around the whole length of your line to create as many gaps as possible witch the enemy ai will step in to. Makes historic France really frustrating to play,The airforce management is better then in hoi 3 but it is still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ plus late game whne oyu have  a lot of equipment taken from other nations good luck finding your new fighters from the list of crappy ww1 planes that you have to go through every time.Ai controlled nations still make stupid nonsense decisions even on historic AI focuses. Like a fascist revolution joining the commintern to fight against the people who  made the revolution happen or the USA declaring war on Finland who is holding off the USSR or  the USA declaring war on germany when it hasn't threatend a democratic nation yet but instead chose to go attack italy, the list goes on and on. This just makes it very hard to get immersed in the game keeps throwing silly♥♥♥♥♥♥at you.France is way too weak compared to other major powers. Theyr focus tree needs to be redone in my opinion to make them fun to paly post 1940.As a minor country in europe or south america your only option is to go fascist because the manpower you are given in the start is just a joke. And only the faschist tree gives you a decent enoguh manpower to actually  play the game. If you are democratic germany will just take you out, nothing you can really do about it, the USSR may be hungry for your land but as a friendly fascist you can join the axis and  you will also  have  the manpower you need to hold your ground against the red meness. Still, its a joke that as finland you start out with a manpower of sth like 7 thousend and then you are supposed to fight the winter war, but if you decide to go fascist you somehow have 100 thousend to work with, without having to change your laws.  I get that a fascist nation would have more men availoble but still in a gamepaly sense it just favours  one choice over the others and historically it makes no sense eather.There is NO way to get out of a war unless you get total victory. For faction vs faction it  sort of makes sense, because both sides wanted a total victory, but for example China vs Japan, you can play  a good game as china push the japs out of mainland asia and  after that , well i guess yo ubetter sit around and do nothing. Since japan will not  sue for peace. They lsoe theyr army and theyr foothold making it allmost impossible to acomplish theyr goals but they  can't end the war because the devs didn't think to put that in. Or as Finland or one of the baltic nations , you decide to hold your ground against the soviets and you do it well, you hold them for years and nothing, the soviets will just keep throwing men at you.  In one of my games they lost 11 million trying to take finland, well some of the casualties were inflicted by germany but still, they couldn't take a single province from me and the war would still last forever.This sort of thing ruins the immersion of the game.Little veriety in generic portraits. as a  minor nation you can have 10 twins leading your miltiary.The tutorials suck, if you are new then its better to go to youtube for the tutorials.Some nations soldiers wear shorts.AI likes that annoying guy on social media with its spam, you may be in theyr war allready but they will invite you again every few months. Would seam like an novice programmer could fix that problem with a simple line of code but aparently not.IF ♥♥♥♥pump is in gayasswar:STOP ♥♥♥♥IGN ASKING.The game will feel shallow once you have about a hundred hours in. Spying or diplomacy don't really make an appearence, even though both were big parts  in the pre war years.In peace conferences the AI will do random stuff, like Hungary making a puppet out of some random nation in south america.  makes no sense but there you go. There is a mod to fix this issue.And just to be clear THE AI in this game is just bad. For exmaple i attacked Turkey from 2 sides but i forgot to put an army on the southern border and so when i started pushing in rapidly the turkish ai decided it would be a good idea to rush msot of theyr dudes to take territory in africa even though they got cut off from theyr own land pretty much right away and that made it even easyer to kill thme. So the traditional paradox 1 division running around being annoying ai is still present.Naval invasio nalrets are misleading, since some times it means there is an invasion and sometimes when you click on it, there is nothing happening. When fighting england you wil lhear the the alert  so much that you have to turn  the sound off, and   99 percent of those alerts are false alarms, and then  at one point you look at the big picture and yousee  your troops are surrounded and there is a massive red bloob in the area, sicne ifyou put troops on garrison what they will do is jsut sit there and get  beaten up. Not react to threats that are comign into the area.maybe an alert for losign territory off screen would have been a good idea but then again i am not a game designer so what do i know.The AI can not deffend against naval invasions.There is an option to send equipment to other nations but the AI never uses it.The game is stable for the most part but fun glitches still happen. Most recent one i had was when my infantry equipment melted, i tryed to put a stop to it by dispanding all my  divisions but still my best guns just kept melting. Or time the italians decided to do a fun dance on my border by movign men back and fourth and causing massive attrition to themselves, but i suspect the ai doesnt take that much of a penalty since whenever i check how the AI is doing they have a massive defficit of everything they use and yet somehow they still make units.IN SUMMARYWait for a sale or go sail the seas of piracy.ALSOThe man responsible for the AI needs to be fired ... out of a cannon ... into the sun."
76561198058858803,Not Recommended,394360,23499395,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,0zymandiasss,"Put bluntly, they have simplified this game far too much to the point where it's not really worth playing. This game's predecessor. HoI3, was too complex for most people. The management was a pain and many systems were difficult to understand. In response to that, Paradox have stripped anything that could be called ""complex"" from HoI4 that has quite frankly made this an arcade game with a WWII skin.The most obvious problem is the AI. It attacks rarely and is often completely oblivious to pending encirclements. Ity will often start battle it has no hope of winning, only degrading it's own forces rather than falling back to a better defensive position. the Japan AI seem obsessed with starting as many wars as it can as soon as it can without evaluating if it can win. I expect this to be patch, but it will take a while.Then there is the supply system or rather the lack of one. Supply in this game seems meaningless. Take north africa, it's a hostile climate that was a slog for both sides to fight in, attrition was high on men and machines. In HoI4, it may as well be a stroll along the beach, it presents no challenge at all to the player and can be safely ignored.Finally we have possibly the worst part of the whole thing, the combat. Heart of Iron games are about combat, it's what the game should be built around. Combat is a joke. What happens is you group your unit together in armies, draw a line for them to start at, and draw another line to finish at and hit play. Comat in HoI4 is point and click, nothing more. What makes this worse is the planning bonus. Your troops get upto a 50% attack bonus depending on how long you wait before ""attacking"". When I say attacking, I mean letting the AI send soldiers along the path you drew, not actually you controlling them. The game actually rewards the player for not interacting with the game.The game does have some upsides. The production system is a massive improvement as is naval and air combat, although the air zones need to be made much smaller rather than covering half of France.Overall, if you're new to strategy games, you might enjoy this. If you have played other strategy games where to actually have to manage anything, then you'll get border of this after about 20 hours or less. As I say, it's an arcade game in a WWII skin, there's no real challenge here, just point and click win."
76561198030095422,Not Recommended,394360,34764276,Posted: 5 September,all,Bole,"Coming from HOI3 and EU4 i had high hopes.What i got was facebookish game where there are no stockpiles, where your tanks are moving around even if you dont acquire fuel, your production going on even without raw materials, just at a slower rate. A game where newbies open HOI4, draw nice battle lines and take a dog for a walk while their AI in conquering the world.Picking up BI mod and diving into HOI3 instead. This, is a joke. Nice loking joke, but still a joke."
,Recommended,394360,34511717,Posted: 26 August,all,Jeansus,"When you buy this game, keep in mind that it's a war simulator and not a diplomatically focused one.The game is really fun, but I'd like more diplomatic approches. When you declare war for a state, you still have to completely capitulate the enemy for a peace conference; it also doesn't help that you don't have an option to a peace deal once you get that state.Updates are consistent, so hopefully these oversites will be addressed."
76561198104534525,Recommended,394360,23972597,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jxyz456,Took over Germany then nuked London as communist Poland.   10/10 Nuclear Poland is best Poland
76561197972169781,Not Recommended,394360,23651636,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Phase,"Has the potential to be awesome, some great innovative systems, but far too many issues with AI gameplay, balance and historical play at release.  Check back after 2-3 major updates and perhaps an expansion.Updated - After the first patch, still a ton of issues to fix, the review stands as is."
76561198102686491,Not Recommended,394360,24431298,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,bombacimulayim,"Game is literally unplayable right now.  AI is a total mess. (ie. germany & italy move %80 of their forces to Saharan Desert because they feel it is convenient) new division templates and production system is innovative but AI cannot keep up with the idea. they spam weak divisions until they cannot be able to supoort these.  And also they move their forces to some strategically important places (ie. sahara desert) there is no challange if you are playing with a major power.Political sitiutaion is also a mess. countries declaring wars and guanterreining indepedences non stop. you will find a sitiation that allied forces fighting both axis and soviet union (unholy alliance accidentally)AI is always trying amphibious operations with small forces, it becomes boring to crush these. But in some instances it worsks. because İtaly , mobilised its whole army to sahara, cannot defend rome for some reason. (really it is that bad)For example if you are playing germany and defaeted Soviet union with your allies(ie italy) you will be diissapointed in most trivial way. they will claim some place in siberia becaouse they contirbuted a little and after your victory, italy will conqur a tundra in the middle russia which is 4000 km away from its mainland.İf you insist on playin, at least dont play with a minor country. Because you will neeed your allies in grand scheme and they have no idea what to do. belive me i tried. (Germany stacking all its forces to Spanish border but dont declare war, cannot be able defeat denmark for 2 years, declarig war on all sweden and stacking a huge army on a strait and cannot be abel to break since it is easily defendable)Just dont buy it now. Paradox will fix it after 3 or 4 patches. just wait for a DLC or a 6 months more and you will have a game worth playing."
76561197985471021,Not Recommended,394360,23426627,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Widowmaker2,"I am pretty disappointed with this game now. I have been waiting for what seems like an eternity for HOI IV to come out just to find that they stripped down the most immersive portions of the game. It plays more like CIV than HOI, which is frankly just disappointing.  Why did they dumb down the map? Why did they remove the ability to create Echelons in the command structure? Why aren't units automatically assigned real division names anymore? And why did they remove the option to automate trade? Perhaps I haven't develved into the game long enough to find these hidden commands, but it just seems like they have moved away from what really differentiated HOI from the over WWII sims"
76561198036156118,Not Recommended,394360,23465585,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,aerr,"WHY, PARADOX, WHY?- Thousands of generals with real fotos of them - GONE- 5-level command structure - GONE- Almost indefinite tech trees - GONE- Atmosferic environment, with real fotos of everything - GONEWell, there are good things, and the game is good and have great potential, but this is totally diferent game. Makes me sad and play HoI3."
,Not Recommended,394360,30943643,Posted: 4 April,all,SMURG,"It strikes me that the team behind this game went to a lot of effort to research and consider the alternative paths history could have taken during WW2, implementing national focuses and government advisers such that the player can drive events down routes which history did not take but so easily could have.Then, they decided to make it so that the majority of these alternative paths are totally impossible due to game mechanics rather than historical conditions.For example, the UK has a path that allows intervention in the Benelux, a sort of pre-emptive strike before fascism can gain power or the Nazis invade - an interesting idea and one that may have been considered seriously by a British government other than that of Chamberlain. Unfortunately, this option is impossible to execute because it requires fascist sympathies above a certain level and the only way to boost this as the player is to convert to fascism yourself, and even if you do this it requires using the naval invasion mechanic which is basically useless until you research the second level transports. Since the second level takes literal years to research, inevitably the Benelux has been blitzkrieged by the time an intervention is even possible since Paradox opted to impose an arbitrary limit on the number of men who can be put into boats.Most of the national focuses available throughout the game have similar issues where they're utterly useless for mechanical reasons, and/or don't mesh at all well with how the game works despite being historically interesting. Going fascist as the UK is stupid enough as it is because your commonwealth allies inexplicably jump ship as soon as you do, despite King Edward VIII (who becomes leader) also being King in these places too. Then, because for some reason he gets -30% political power you can't even properly boost fascist sympathies in these places in order to reform the Allies as a new fascist commonwealth before you yourself get Blitzkrieged by Germany.France fares a little better since you start with a lot of communist pressure and can easily join the comintern and fend off the axis if you extend the maginot line, and I appreciate that historically the ""go on the offensive"" option on the national focus tree should be as stupid as it is. Equally there is a ""go nationalist"" option that allows you to join the axis and fight the other way. The ""form the entente"" option is a one way ticket to being anally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by Germany in about 35 seconds flat, as is leaping to the aid of anyone in Europe - but again, this is reasonably historically accurate so it's okay. Also accurate is the way that if you ally with Britain they drag you into war with Germany before you can extend the maginot line and thus you get roundly beaten in true historically accurate fashion. Props to Paradox for that I suppose.Even Germany doesn't escape the useless national focus problem, since the game imposes arbitrary manpower restrictions on certain paths. You can go down the 'war with the USSR' option with no manpower requirement but you need 550k to pursue war with literally anyone else, meaning it's actually quicker and easier to simply justify war goals vs France or countries in Eastern Europe than it is to actually try and use the national focus tree - since for some bizarre reason it seems to encourage you to declare war on the USSR before you even take Poland. Obviously this would be a bad idea so rather than rushing Poland early whilst you have the advantage and before Britain or anyone else is forewarned into issuing guarantees, you're forced to languish in ""no oil no factories no production"" land for several years trying to produce 550k troops if you want to actually use the national focus tree. The alternative is to spend 10 months justifying war goals and just attack Poland that way, then simply ignore 60% of the national focus tree because as usual in this game it seems vast swathes of it are completely useless. I'd say that 0 consideration was given to a player who wants to attack earlier than Hitler, but Paradox include an achievement for getting both Poland and France to capitulate before 1939 so I'm left to assume that either the manpower requirement is added for pure sadism, or more likely the team in charge of developing this game didn't give much consideration to how the mechanics they were including would actually play out.I guess what I'm trying to say is that the game is very good if you want to play out WW2 as it actually happened. If you want to play as France and lose, the game makes this very easy. If you want to play as the UK and accomplish nothing but surviving the Nazi onslaught, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ naval invasion mechanics work in your favour. If you want to play as the US and spend the first half of the game languishing in economic micromanagement land, the game is happy to let you. If you want to slowly build up as Germany, slowly taking places one by one until eventually you end up in a full world war the game effectively railroads you along this path. If you want to explore alternative histories though (as anyone but France it seems), the game will resist you every step of the way - despite the deceptively enticing national focuses that encourage this."
76561198007296109,Not Recommended,394360,23468411,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,belkeirun,"As a huge fan of HOI3 this is a huge step in the wrong direction.  It can no longer be called a 'grand strategy game'.  It has been simplified way too much.  Most people play a grand strategy game for the immersion and attention to details, take that all away and give control of the forces to the AI and you might as well be playing an arcade game.  Now I'm not saying it not a bad game, people who want a simpler war strategy game will probably enjoy it, but it isn't as advertised a 'grand strategy game'.Other issues are the AI, it's soo bad it's comical.  Playing as the UK I witnessed the entire italian submarine fleet suicide itself up in the north sea?  I saw the italian army in north africa, retreat from a favorable position back to a naval base and then lauch themselves into transports for a naval attack on alexandria through the british fleet.  The definition of insanity is trying the same thing repeatedly and expecting different results, well the japanese are beyond insane, they spent their entire navy trying to land a single japanese infantry unit near singapore whilst my 60 strong naval planes took out the pride of the japanese navy, one ship at a time, after 6 months they had no navy and I still hadn't bother to send any naval forces to the far east.Another issue the UI, it's beyond infuriating.  Pause on event, hmmm only if your lucky.  Manual pause yeah we'll override that once you look at the screen in the wrong way.  Organising forces, hah!  Sorting fleets is soo painful its not funny.  And does anyone else have a wierd double click effect when adding ships to a new fleet?  Adding an AA gun to a garrison unit? hmmm nope sorry no XP to do that, wtf?Is it fixable yes, but will require lots of patches and even more mods to make it what it should be."
,Recommended,394360,24615471,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Drginix,My pilot became an ace pilot by kamikazeing.
76561198250038236,Not Recommended,394360,33799949,Posted: 25 July,all,Otto Von Bismark,"IMO this game is good but not good enough. My biggest hate for this product is how easy it is. The only thing that will be ""hard"" will be doing world conquests, and it isnt even that hard. My other issue is how DLC whory it is turning, legit most of the DLC content can be gotten threw mods. If you want a challange get the Black Ice mod. In short if you want the game wait for it to be $20 or buy Hoi: Darkest Hour and enjoy WW1 start, WW2, the fall of germany start and a 1904 Russo-Japanese war scenerio.P.S Dony buy the DLCs dont suport Paradox money whoring schemes."
76561198028881721,Not Recommended,394360,33074309,Posted: 1 July,all,Schneeflocke,"One thing: the game itself is quite ok.But!:In this game are a few game breaker. Its hard to see where your Divisions are in the mid/late game when whole Frontlines are just a colorfull mess.I ate some Toast this morning, and it could tell me more about tactic, than the ai in this game.Next negativ thin, which changes this to a negativ: the DLC politic. Instead of fixing major bug, exploits or the ai, DLC's are sold. You have to buy the DLC's because there are game functions in it, without them its not really easy to play. The rest o the DLC is less then some mods.If you have the endurance -> buy HOI 3, learn it (there are plenty good tutorials, you just have to keep up. Dont give up!). It has its failures too, but its a better game than Hoi 4 ( if you are here for gameplay, not for bright, colorful graphics)"
76561197972824874,Not Recommended,394360,23550200,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,eg evo,"Avid wargamer and huge fan of HOI 2 and 3, I can only say I'm very disappointed at HOI 4 :(TLDR: I was expecting more depth, more control and more flexibility, and the game is lacking on all accounts.When you could almost manage your brigades/divisions/corps/armies/army groups/theaters in HOI 3 (including adding a specific commander to each of those above brigade level), you now only have armies with commanders, and pretty much let ""battle plans"" do the job for you. Same goes with air units and air zones, much too limited control in my opinion.Graphics are pretty 3D (but I prefer the visibility offered by NATO counters really...)New resource system (with Political points needed to fill your cabinets or update your policies/Army-Navy-Air experience points needed to upgrade/improve/create divisions...) doesn't quite offer the flexibility I was hoping for.The manufacturing of equipment - that can be improved - which then go to a pool and are used to upgrade/create units is a good idea, but, in my opinion, it really lacks the variety we had in HOI 3 and doesn't quite clear the rest of the issues I'm facing with a game so dumped down vs its legacy...I bought the whole collector pack, and I'm happy to support Paradox with my money, but I'll get back to HOI 3 and forget about this 4th installment until someone in the workshop manages to ""vanilla"" it back to something closer to HOI 3 ;)"
76561198004131548,Not Recommended,394360,23492990,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,slinkytwf,"Dumbed-down review for a dumbed-down game.+++ New Production System (more realistic and still easy to use)+      New Diplomacy System (many more options)++   Modability (might save the game from itself)––   Fun (battleplan system and unreadable maps make me not even want to fight wars)––   Battles remind me of Moo III (the game really wants you to make a battleplan and then leave it alone and let it play itself)––– Lack of messaging/pausability on critical events (like when an enemy invades your coastline)––– Battleplans (intended to reduce micromanagement, end up requiring more; not fun, just work)––   Psychopathic/Schizophrenic AI (aggressive countries tend to declare war on the entire world at the same time for no apparent reason)––– New Counters (shoot the designer)–     New Map (pretty, but unreadable)"
76561198066412176,Not Recommended,394360,32704452,Posted: 23 June,all,超高校級の死神,DLC INCOMING !!!!!!!
,Recommended,394360,28482176,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Professor Death,"If you are a (wannabe) (closet) Fascist, Communist, Imperialist, (insert your country) Nationalist, (insert your group) Supremacist, Liberal, Conservative, Democrat, Socialist, etc. etc. etc. and unhappy with how the World Wars ended, then this is the game for you.The trick is to focus on war preparation, rather than the war."
,Recommended,394360,23459295,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[Pgp] Norwegian,"Are you a Hearts of Iron 3 player that never managed to learn the game, or are you new to the series and not sure if you should try it out? Well Hearts of Iron 4 is definitely the place to start. The tutorials are nice, and the game is much more easier to get into than Hearts of Iron 3 was. Even though the game has been 'simplified' in ways, it still provides quite a challenge, and if you're a veteran player I would definitely recommend this game for you too.The game isn't as complex as it was before, so it's way easier for a completely newcomer to Paradox games to get into it after a few hours of toying around in the game and watching some tutorials. The graphics in this game are a huge step-up from previous Paradox games, and the game really looks gorgeous.The diplomacy feature has been vastly improved, and it's always intriguing to plot coups in other nations and boosting your own party's popularity. Although, I do miss the intelligence system quite a bit, as I currently see no way to steal tech from your opponents or spy on your opponent's military movements.Overall Rating: 9/10 - Definitely would recommend, few quirks here and there but overall an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,394360,23537868,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Wave,"Well.. I have now drinked beer for 8 hours all together. That's about the most exiting and compelling feature of this game.As a HoI3 veteran (not a world conqueror pro though) this game feels like thegameitself is missing. The player handles research (which is boring and simplified from HoI3) and production but the actual fighting is done by the absolutely garbage Paradox style AI.You draw a line on the map, see random numbers which indicate how much penalties (or sometimes bonuses) you get for your battle plan and then you press a button and get your a$$ kicked. Your units come and go and do some fighting now and then if you ask them, but in the end they're suicidal idiots at best. At worst, it's the reason to quit playing and write a bitter review.The best thing about the battle planning phase is that once the battle starts the AI messes up the plan and you get -100% effectiveness penalty. This has applied to every test play and every battle I've had with 6 different nations I've tested (which do not include Germany or Soviets).The only word to describe the UI is awful.If I want to assign my planes to do something oreven see themdoing whatever, I have to click the continent I'm sending them in, not the planes or the airfield. Makes a whole lot of sense, eh?Everything seems to be really really messy but still you don't have any useful information or tools anywhere. Finding the right window to do things is a pain and clicking anywhere pops up another window so you're constantly closing unnecessary windows that you never wanted to open in the first place.All in all I haven't been able to really enjoy the game yet. I believe that the stockholm syndrome will hit eventually (around 50 hours, like it did with EU4) and I'll be able to tolerate it but every time I quit playing I'm glad I did so.The good things?Being able to change your government, going for communist or fascist USA for example, is the thing that I always wanted to have in HoI3 and I really love the sandbox aspect of the game. You can create new factions which is great, especially for multiplayer and some parts of this game are well tought and funny.The sad thing is, it doesn't really matter are you democratic, communist or fascist USA if the actual warfare is as pleasant as eating glass."
76561198006695331,Not Recommended,394360,30319962,Posted: 4 March,all,Evil Overlord,"the super short version, dont buy it yet, it is not yet in a terribly enjoying state as of the 1.3.3. version, this game is VERY MUCH still in open alpha testing or early access, the game is not even close to half finished in comparison to the price tag.unless you go for the field marshall version you end up with a barely playable game as the ai is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that it is not even able to manage its own country's production, the various production variants that the majority of the game is relying on, not to mention that the ships, tanks and aircraft are not upgradable after having been produced, the ai does not know how to upgrade its variants of vehicles and then cannot figure out how to produce them after having spent xp on making a new variant, the ai wastes everything to the point that you have more challenge working with your allies than against your enemies.half of my time spent so far has been trying to fix, improve and update the game to make it just playable and after 1k hours i simply have to give up, maybe in a couple of years they will finally get around to making it work as intended"
76561198007605514,Not Recommended,394360,23447719,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MonsieurJack,"Wait until it's patched... I have confidence it will be improved but as for now the AI is not good enough to deliver a fun challenge.Illustrative example:I'm Germany.  I send two units to fight for the fascists in Spain.  Within a week of their getting there I send them against a weak unit north of Madrid.  Within a day the Republicans retreat to Madrid and a few hours after that I've taken it.  During this time the enemy AI makes no attempt to reinforce and hold their capital.Knowing how fiercely the Republicans held onto the city in actual history, denying it to the fascists for nearly 3 years against intense assault, I was immediately taken out of the experience after having taken it so easily.Thereafter I drove south against no opposition, cutting off the large number of Republican forces to the west of the city who were under attack by the Nationalists.  Again they made no attempt to stop my encirclement and did not attempt to break out after the fact.  Having effectively won the civil war in a week with two units, I quit, disappointed.I am confident this game will be good in the future, but as for now, I'm sorry to say it's a big let down."
76561198022720793,Not Recommended,394360,25280329,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Nate,"I want to love this game so badly, I want it to bring me back to the strategy gaming of my youth, so good of an idea and loving the clausewitz engine, loving the ai battle plan execution, but where the hell are your programmers? Too many Lord High Chancellors and not enough serfs? Get some people on this and you will rule the grand strategy niche of gaming, the old school gamers you want. Make this game what the gamers were promised in the beginning and please only use a select few for beta testing, or at lest reorganize your implementation."
,Not Recommended,394360,32378860,Posted: 12 June,all,Romo,"No reason for the price increase, review will change when the price goes back to normal"
76561198095208621,Not Recommended,394360,32432354,Posted: 15 June,all,Nikolai,"The Game is good enough but not gonna recommend this game for that hike in price and boring DLC which should already be in the base game, In summer sale I guess they will set the discount to the last previous normal listing of the game. thumbs down Paradox."
76561198038686534,Not Recommended,394360,32415468,Posted: 14 June,all,Dr StrangeLove,Money Grabbing Paradox
,Recommended,394360,32483353,Posted: 16 June,all,NefariousKnight,"Very well made grand strategy game, with good graphics and great alternate history options. Do not purchase any of the dlcs, so far they do no contribute to the game enough to justfy their purchase, however the game is moddable, which multiplies the replayability quite considerably"
76561198052065588,Recommended,394360,25705050,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lil Penpusher ⚡Tempest⚡,">Play as ze German Reich>Build up massive Industry>Treaty with USSR provides me with Panzer 3 tanks in the middle of 1937>Remilitarize Rheinland>""This is mine now"">France and UK shrug>Austria joins ze Reich>""If thats what they wish"" -France>Overrun Poland with Panzer 3s and SS Divisions>France is next... *licks lips*>declare war on france>France joins Allies>British troops now reinforce the maginot line, their airforce is bombing my cities and factories>Its ok...I just have to flank them>Declare war on belgium and Netherlands>Both join Allies>Crushed Netherlands, half way through belgium when...>""United States has joined Allies"">well♥♥♥♥♥♥..No sausages were had that day"
,Recommended,394360,29533875,Posted: 27 January,all,Downfall Orange,"I just want to get this out of the way first, I had never played a Paradox game prior to this. Now onto the review!It took me about 2 days to finally buy this game as I saw it in my Steam feed and I decided to watch videos and other types of media to find out about the game, as at the time this would be a $40 investment in something i knew little about. I decided to pay for it and oh my god, was it worth it. With 400 hours in the game I have gone back and forth with great times here is a Pro and Cons listPros---Plenty of gameplay, my 400 hours explains that-Can be played with friends, not necessary though-Intuitive warfare and gameplay-Easy to learn, very difficult to masterCons---Plagued with bugs-the game goes slower and slower as time goes on-Strange crashes (explained later)-boring expansion (for now)The bugs in this game are insane, sometimes i am playing with a friend and every minute we BOTH need to re-sync! Sometimes i would be playing by myself and I reach a late date in the game and I am at max speed and yet it feels like it takes YEARS FOR A SINGLE DAY TO PASS. Another very triggering problem is that recently I have tried to play as the Soviet Union but everytime I select my navy THE GAME CRASHES LIKE WHAT. One last issue is the Together For Victory DLC is complety useless don't buy it unless you are diehard.In the current state of the game I would give it an 8.5, i really wish I could rate it higher but right now the crashes bugs and low content level as of late give it the 8 and a half."
,Recommended,394360,23423450,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Shizawa,Easily the best WW2 grand strategy game out their.Some Pros-The UI has improved miles from hearts of iron 3-The AI can do some fighting-Still requires some micro managementGreat game so far!
,Not Recommended,394360,29341301,Posted: 18 January,all,Phaeron,"Few months ago i have given this game around 8-9 points this was due to its very high potential and its enormous base content despite some obvious  content which is needed.However after few months and 4 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ patches and a painfully funny and desperate dlc i have concluded that Paradox aint gonna develop this wonderful game despite having a relatively solid base game and the greates theme ever (ww2) .What game needs most is a better ai . Because i  a regular playthrough you can pretty much do everything you want because ai doesnt have a clue what to do . Do you want to conquer entire world as ,lets say, Czechoslovakia despite having a bloodthirsty neighbour ? Go on !There is not a thing to hold you as long as you have the basic knowledge about the game because ai is that bad (just watch isorrowproductions on youtube if you dont believe me ) .In a regular playthrough you can see Greece joining the chinese united front ,instead of allies, when it is attacked by Italy .Because on paper both CUF and Allies fight aganist Axis  and to the greece this is all that matters.Most of the countries lack National ideas and some really needed events . For example one of the European powers that had been in the middle of the war,Finland, doesnt have its own National focus tree for some holy reason .But wait this is the funny part ;Paradox actually  released a dlc for commonwealth nations which added national  focuses and they actually charged people for this !When you charge people for stuff you should have included in the main game that means how far has your company fallen since Hoi3 which had an acceptable ai , Leader portraits and HISTORICAL EVENTS.Historical events... Besides some Olympiad events there is almost none . And as far as i know there is only one event that affects the actual game and that is about a lady named Amelia Earhart ,al lady  who joins the USAF after travelling the world. Yet there are no events about Province of Hatay Joining Turkey , Romanian coup towards the end of WW2 (and i also want to point out that some of the mods out there ,such as Millenium dawn , that have more  depth than the actual game .I can go on for hours about this game and its needs but i think you people get what i mean . I love this game  and that is why i gave it a thumbs up upon its release but the current product is something really far from what i have expected while buying .Thanks for reading . I hopr you have a nice day . Bye"
76561198262959606,Not Recommended,394360,32416931,Posted: 14 June,all,Inspector,Stupid AI
76561197962806112,Not Recommended,394360,23717588,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kugellehr,"It's really unfortunate that a long time HOI gamer like myself, with literally over 1000 hours in HOI3, has to give HOI4 a bad review.  It's also been a trend in gaming lately, in that deep games are becoming increasingly simple.  HOI4 is just that: simple.  Sure its flashier.  But with that zazz that lost a lot of game play.I feel the units are over simplified. Where are my garrison divisions?  Siege Artillery?  The ability to create your own divisions types are basically verboten until you're at war and have enough army XP.  The flashy animations are ok, but I'm a classic wargamer and liked my stacks of counters with Nato symbols.  I also liked my chain of command with HQ units, not one general only being able to command 24 units.  I feel I've really lost a lot of the customization in units and my armies overall.  Now they're just basically mobs of units that I dont feel are really mine.  You feel me?The game's production mechanism involving trying to build suffient numbers of types of equipment is rather nifty, however I feel thats just about all I do in the game is manage production, not run a war on every level.The AI itself was paltry at best.  On regular I took the soviet union without even trying, and the army AI you use to attack or defend does an atrocious job.  Japan took China without problems.  France fell in one week.The tech tree is about as simple as simple can be, and ends in 1945, with very little variation.I could go on and on but really, I think I'm just going to go play something else, this review is depressing me.  Why Paradox? Why?"
,Recommended,394360,24147671,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mike Fruitsander,"I can send millions of Soviet soldiers to die fighting everyone in the world, and then the entire thing goes to my little ally North Korea and Poland.10/10 would buy again"
76561197969270039,Not Recommended,394360,25308653,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,randomletters,"There is great potential here.Overall i am enjoying the game but parts of it seem like they are unfinished like air combat.It is very difficult to see what is going on with air combat if you are being bombed you only notice because the number of available factories drops. If you are bombing the enemy you have to click on every province to see if you are doing any damage and it is hard to see how many planes you are losing in that battle. Air combat needs a lot more visual feedback.The front system for land combat is interesting but not very intuitive. The in game tutorial is just lazy, it basically consists of ""read the wiki"".While i stil enjoy this game and play it i would not recommend it, a year or two from now and another $100 in DLC in it will probably be great, now it just feels unfinished. Recommend you get it for steam holiday sale 2018."
76561198086411954,Not Recommended,394360,33080670,Posted: 1 July,all,ministefan,"Hmm.After so many years, so many paradox games and hundredes of dlcs i finaly got enough ..These money grabbing developers dosent deserve a penny from anyone! .. I cant accept paying between 100-300 euros everytime i want a paradox game just to try get the feeling of a full game .Everytime i buy paradox games with all dlc , few weeks after i can sure buy a new dlc if not 2 .Now the developers is so greedy so they make false marketing to make more money in the summer sale and have increase all prizes on all paradox games and dlc while the summer sale is going on ..In Denmark where i live , that called false marketing and will be punished with jail time.Paradox cant find out to run a company , it is stupid to start with 5-10 devolpers and increase it to over 200+ in the last years , only so they can keep grinding new dlc and games for sale almost every week.Update dosent exist in paradox games , it always come with a dlc .Please do not support these devlopers! . Please stop buy any paradox games until this Dlc madness and false marketing stops! They need to stop one time for all!! Dlc is the worst thing that ever have happend to the game industry.-5/10"
76561198195111375,Not Recommended,394360,34640952,Posted: 31 August,all,Dinkelberg,"its an absolutely fantastic game with loads of mods to change the game you want it to look/be and it worked fine for the first months and hours of playtime but form one day to another it just broke, it still starts bur once i select a savegame it just stops working. wanting to start a new game? same problem it just stops at the select screen(yes i tried reinstaling and verifying)***UPDATE***it seems like there are many people with the same problem but only AMD graphics cards are affected and the newer drivers from crimson (amd) are the problem here"
,Recommended,394360,32883804,Posted: 27 June,all,"Asian ""Insane"" Bolt","I mean the actually game is not bad, the concept is very good and it may be hard at first but as soon as you get it, it will be super fun. Some problems obviously is im from Canada (every country outside of the USA has also a very high price) and the price is super high which is a problem and even worse is that if you want a new type of gameplay (Together for victory & Death and Dishonor) it will practically set you back $50CAD which in my opinion is NOT WORTH IT. So what I recommend is if you dont want to shell all that money, theres some super good hoi4 mods in the workshop so if you want something fresh, I definitely recommend it. Another problem is how the ai works. I was playing a Soviet Union and Germany did the focus to attack me but they had no troops on the border and when they declared war, they didnt bother to move any troops from the west so I steamrolled in. The only reason I really play this game still is because of the steam workshop, which I think IS SUPER FUN with a wide variety of things/scenerios like if germany won WW1, Napolean won the war, Modern day, Zombies etc. I think if the devs weren't greedy or they cared about the actually things we want/need this game can proably SUPER GOOD. Still, if someone asked me if thy should buy this game I would always say yes if it was on SALE."
,Recommended,394360,28875350,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,"Dick Bong, Ace of Aces","The AI may be trash and the game uncomplete, but I can't stop playing."
76561198030866019,Not Recommended,394360,24216435,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,automag998,"If you are looking for a game more like hio 3 but polished up, better ai, better graphics, things like that THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR YOU.AI is horrid. Just horrid.There is NO historical anything in this game. Events dont exist for the most part. I played as germany. Before sept 39 i already had spain romaina bulgaria hungary czech, austria, latvia estonia  italy eitheopa yugoslavia.. greece.. and i hadnt fired a shot. Japan had taken china and all se asia. WTF ??? Oh ya this was while starting the game with history enabled... blinks...I had my industry already 3/4 maxed out. War hadnt started and i had 75percant of my war factory possible done.So i decided to attack poland. Ummm only a handfull of generals to choose from.  No more worrying about which general to put where. Anyhow i set up the new battle planner and set my guys to attack and some do some dont some run back and forth alone the entire front lines some charge deep and get encircled... again WTFIf there are spys and such i cant find them.  Prob woud suck anyhow. So no biggy :(I like Hoi 3 as i can manage what i want where i want when i want. I have historical choices and happening around the world.Just a huge dissappointment.  Maybe in 6 months MAYBE it might be worth  trying again.  Im like talking dec 2016 or maybe jan 2017... Till then i dont know if ill play it again."
,Recommended,394360,25354460,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"-Be United Kingdom-Turn Fascist-Invade Ireland-Accidentally start the Second World War in the summer of 1938-Invade France-France joins Soviet Union's Faction-France collapses-After 3 years of war the Soviet Union collapses-Germany takes France off me-Japan pisses of the U.S.-I declare war on Canada (for territory)-Accidentally start the Third World War in the winter of 1944-U.S. manages to sink Bismarck and Yamato-I finish developing nuclear weapons a year later-Nuke Washington D.C, New York, Los Angeles, Ottowa, Toronto, Mexico City and Hawaii-Blitzkrieg through New England to Washington while they figure out what happened-End the Third World War with only 12 casualties on my side (U.S. had 73M)-Take over Canada and the US-Turn Mexico into a puppet state-Perform Naval Invasion of Japan-Succeed-Japan falls to the British Lion-Germany gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off-Germany takes London-So I nuke Berlin, Hannover, Munich, Dortmund and Dresden-Invade Germany through Denmark-Succeed in world dominationAs you may have figured out, I rather enjoyed this game.10/10 Would crush all who appose me in the space of 10 years again."
,Recommended,394360,23442795,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,✪Sheepish Mango✪,"So i bought this game today, i went through the tutorial and continued as italy, started WWII by accident from a war with greece, ended up controlling half of europe then started laughing to myself in a cynical power crazed way, although i only have 5 hours on this game, i already feel i know what i'm doing, it has a great tutorial and is easy to learn,one thing i'd just like to add as i found this rather funny, i played as USA and decided.. ""lets become facist"". so i started growing facism in my nation and after a year i had an option to begin a civil war for facism, i though *yes, this is great, all i need is to defeat some democratic rebels and im good*.. turns out no, i became a tiny little nation at war with USA, and from national focuses i chose earlier, all of south america joined the americans and i thought, *surely im ♥♥♥♥ed*, i then had Adolf Hitler himself offer to join the war, at this point i was rather confused as i wasnt in a faction with the Axis but i though, hey, dont question it, after about 2 1/2 of playing, i won the civil war and became the Glorious facist USA and just as i was really getting into it and as i was ready to destroy the USSR...The great commander of the facist USA had to go for his dinner... goodbye life, hello HOI 4"
76561198078883128,Not Recommended,394360,29238328,Posted: 13 January,all,jdog10145,Was a great game with very few problems. Now i can not play past a half an hour before the game completly crashes and does every reload no matter what i change. Do not buy until they fix it.
,Not Recommended,394360,31842377,Posted: 19 May,all,xBOx OnE Controller,"This is a fun game with mods but why increase the price? 'The reason for this is to make our prices match the purchasing power of those areas' This is a stupid excuse, ya sure it sells for less in some countries because of the currency. But I really don't think your games and its dlcs are really worth that much. Add more features to the game then do it. For example, the together for victory dlc is basically minor features which are supposed to be free. Minor crap features it is then, there aren't even that many of them! I enjoy Paradox's games but please I hope you'd revert the price increase and make the prices for your games and dlcs fairer."
76561198117812126,Not Recommended,394360,28458993,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,The Boomstick Baron,"Don't get me wrong, this is an excellent game. My problem with it is that it's noticeably incomplete. For instance, there's an empty slot in the battleplan commands, many leaders are missing portraits etc. I just wouldn't recommend getting this game on its own. For it to seem complete, you're going to need to pay an extra fifteen dollars for the Together For Victory DLC, in which case it's an even better experience.Edit: Now that the second DLC, Death or Dishonour is out, I'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at what Paradox has done. DoD messes with TfV's autonomy system for fascist nations, making some of the Together for Victory focus trees unplayable. Additionally, DoD seems somewhat half-arsed, it only adds features for four nations, skipping over Austria, Slovakia, Albania, Greece and Bulgaria completely (probably saving them for a later DLC). As far as the gameplay mechanic of licensing production is concerned, it's a feature for which I haven't found any use, but I'm sure that it will become crucial some time down the line with another update or DLC that'll work with it."
76561198162046436,Not Recommended,394360,24715544,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,kuantumsuicide,I can't recommend this game in it's current state.AI is broken.Fix It.
76561198079770936,Recommended,394360,32871818,Posted: 27 June,all,Herbie316,"Guys, you don't need to buy DLC. DLC is honestly not worthit and the workshop has achieved so much more. Paradox's DLC isn't worthit but, isn't manditory either. No need to buy the DLC to enhance the game, just get a mod from the workshop (Road to 56, KaiserReich, Great War Mod). The game is great with a some derpy AI but, once you have gained some expertise Multiplayer can prove to be alot of fun. Just to clarify, once again, DLC is not by a long shot needed and will enhance the game marginally. In my opinion, best WW2 sim and I would definitely reccomend to anyone fanatical or even interested in WW2."
76561198056162077,Not Recommended,394360,33196168,Posted: 3 July,all,ThunderChota,DLC Policy is cancer
,Recommended,394360,23463998,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,(((Semyon The Great))),"HOI4 is probably best release of paradox so far, here's some mixed things however:+- nicer but somewhat weird IMO graphics+ perfomance is much like eu4 except less calculations which means faster progression of actual game- all the options of changing graphical rendering are completely pointless as they don't give a single fps more(they don't actually change rendering? they just hide it from you?)+ + + game is actually alive compared to mindless HOI3+ + + modding+ + + 'generic' focus trees let you shape nations and seem competitive with unique ones- - pretty much all non major countries lack their own focus trees and other special thingies- - lack of many potential substates, which means nicely breaking up germany/USSR and lots of other things are impossible- - game is 'dumbed down' compared to HOI3, that is mostly about serious offensive bonuses like planning(and maybe air superiority?), some things are *mandatory*(like planes) and not very nicely forced into state/zone system, which are actually simply clumsier than having stuff anywhere and ordering anything as you want in HOI3+ + overall however game makes more sense and is more realistic, it is good for potential later cold war too+ simplified gameplay generally cuts micromanagement and makes things easier, which is great for multiplayer- - still some bugs on release, my all out wars over all western USSR borders and whole africa might be the reason why game just crashes exactly on 8:00 of 27 april 1943- too little tech and other stuff? they mostly end in 1944, also slot research system is quite restrictictive at all times- there's too much damn planes!- japanese weebs got forced into my solo german axis faction when USSR forced war on them through focus"
76561198196959838,Not Recommended,394360,24381370,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,egp_2401,"Right now the A.I. is too stupid, things like the Italy not being able to defeat Ethiopia because they don't do anything or Germany moving troops to Asia exposing Berlin, so please wait a few months and then buy this"
76561198011835724,Not Recommended,394360,23431094,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sinowarrior,"Played HoI back in early 00s, and I have to say HoI 4 for me is a pretty big disappointment.Cons:1.	Complete removal of command echelons, and I always loved the division, corps, army, army group etc, this leveled command echelon and ability to allocate commanders at each level, with appropriate rank needed to take the command and staking of various bonus and command distance is much more realistic than this whole new division then army approach. It is just too much of a simplification for a very good and accurate representation.2.	Lack of dedicated HQ and ability to add supporting elements to various HQs, division template is very nice but removal of the HQ concept and the ability to freely tag supporting battalions such as heavy panzer to the HQ etc make it again much less historically accurate, as those heavy assets should be located at higher echelon not at division level. It is at the discretion of the higher level commanders where those heavy assets should be allocated.3.	3D model for units, again it’s nice but I would much prefer to have pure NATO symbols rather than bunch of 3D models running around on maps. HoI should be distinct from EU and CK4.	Drawing up battle plans, I need to practice bit more before giving a in depth review but at the current stage, it’s pretty weird for me, again due to lack of command echelon, and its either divisions attacking or a whole army running around.5.	Air unit, much prefer older squadron then air wing approach with ability to install commanders, aces are nice but they are not proper commanders. And I found it much harder to coordinate air support or air superiority.7.	Research…..hate this whole research tree with graphics much better to have HoI 3, or HoI 2, even I’s research scheme. Again this makes me feel over simplification. We are talking about WWII grand strategy, not some ARPG skill tree...or a research tree from AoE.8.	Trade: pretty weird to me, no cash but trading manufacturing (civil) for resources. Like how they have split resources further, but it is better to have cash for trading… global econnomy back in 30s are not a barter economy.  Also prefers to have a visual representation of supply and manufacturing of such.9.	Obsolete equipment, still need to dig more into this part. Don’t know whether they can be sold or scrapped.10.	Just too cartoonish and EU4 like, completely lost the feeling HoI series.Pros1. Production line is nice, so is the split between civil and military production facility2. Division designer is very nice, but again will be much better if HQ is included3. National Focus, well its interesting but still hate those graphic presentation, remind me too much of skill trees in an ARPG game than a grand strategy gameOverall, it will be much better if they implement production line, split between civil and military production and division designer into HoI3. I may play it a bit, but I will be back to HoI 3."
76561198015801641,Recommended,394360,23478925,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[1stTX.H] Pvt. Obermann,"I loved HOI III with mods, and I still do.  I wouldn't quite compare HOI IV to HOI III, though.  It's much easier to get into for newer players, IMO.  They've also made offensives much simpler (for better or worse depending on who you ask), as the AI controls your troops during the attack.  You can still micro though if you like.  Also, HOI IV was built to support mods, from day one of development.My only complaint is the AI could use some work, and the devs have said they will be working on tweaking it.  Of course there will be more content in the upcoming DLCs as well.All in all, this is an outstanding game, with zero bugs in 25 hours of playing.  I wasn't let down mostly because they were very open with their World War Wednesday live streams, so I got exactly what I was promised.9/10"
76561198313350360,Not Recommended,394360,35051166,Posted: 18 September,all,Hirohito's Chin,the ai is incompetent
,Recommended,394360,27108318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kaiser1871,"While many say the AI of this game has put them off (and it's mostly true), lots of fun can still be had with Hearts of Iron 4. With the 3 core ideologies, the alternate history opportunities are endless, from conquering China with a democratic Russia or uniting the Americas under a fascist Washington government. However, despite the possibilities of the vanilla game, the workshop is truly where HOI4 shines, showcasing thousands of amazing mods. There are alternate history total conversions like mine, a modern day mod, a truly spectacular WW1 mod (this is a must-have) and many others that change the vanilla game to suit your playstyle better. Despite its shortcomings Hearts of Iron 4 is in my opinion still a game worthy of positive attention."
76561198030031049,Recommended,394360,24119444,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KaanBabaBurda,"Well I admit,in this state of game,it is easy compared to Hoi 3. I don't agree to people,preferring Hoi 3 to Hoi 4 though.Because managing your whole army one by one,is a true pain in your a**. I was having headaches because of the army management in Hoi 3. It has great opportunities to play as minor countries too. So to sum it;Pros ;- Easy army management- Great animations (land,sea,air)-  Details ( logistics,supllies,etc)- High replayability-  Polish DLC ( and maybe others to come,beacause of their uniqueness)- Tons of modsCons ;- AI is way too easy (for minor countries too)- Some minor bugs  about battleplans- Needs more content for minor countries ( which i believe,will  come with dlc's or mods )- That music in Allies faction ( with woman singing and killing me with boredom )If you like WW2 and you are a fan of grand strategy,this would be a great game for you 9/10"
76561198005014652,Not Recommended,394360,28466884,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rguz,"UPDATE 5-6-2017WE ARE 7 MONTHS FURTHER AND STILL NO PATCH TO GET THE AI TO WORK. THEY ARE RELEASING DLC's THOUGH!The reviewEverybody should judge for themselves whether this game is good or not. I think it is a good game on many fronts, but I don't recommend it.I don't recommend it because I love the old HOI and the whole EU & CK games in which you have to micromanage a lot and there is a steep learning curve. HOI 3 was a bit disappointing for me because of the AI and the theaters. Instead of a step forward from HOI2 it felt as diffrent game. Not better or worse. Just different.HOI 4 feels like a simplefied HOI 3 with a less steeper learningcurve and a very bad AI. Nevertheless the game looks great and I could learn to love it if they would fix the AI. I'm not much of a multitplayer guy and IMO it sucks that singleplayer gamers like me, who started playing paradox games as early as 2000 are faced with a game that is mostly developed for muliplayers. There are people making mods to fix issues (thanks for that) but I believe Paradox Interactive should have have released the game with a good AI.I watched the broadcasts on twitch in which the multiplayer game was played bij Johan. Never ever did I have the idea that the AI was broken and not able to make sound choices. I bought the game on release to find out I can't enjoy it because of the bad IA.Still there is no announcement that they are fixing it and when the will release a patch. The haven't acknowleged the fact. The do release the first dlc!So for now I don't recommend it."
76561198055499141,Not Recommended,394360,24804447,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Burgers are best,"AI is broken, other features are broken, typical Paradox release. Don't buy it for at least 6 months."
,Not Recommended,394360,31840167,Posted: 19 May,all,VR279,Bury the one who raised prices!
76561198021610516,Recommended,394360,23479221,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,stinky lizard,Made Canada FascistCanadian Empire boomsConquer MexicoConquer AfricaDo more than GermanyStart Canadian-Soviet WarConquer America===Canada best Empire===
76561198042761078,Not Recommended,394360,24210549,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Slajdarn,"If it wasn't for the AI being so bad that it doing anything even remotely competent will feel like jesus himself came down from the heavens to bless you and say GG i'd recommend this game. Sadly i have never in my life seen a strategy game with an AI this bad.  The AI will leave it's capital undefended, this happens way too often. If you're playing for example as nationalistic spain and join axis and the war against france the french AI will likely do 2 thing. 1 is nothing, it will just let you march straight up to paris without any opposition, or 2, mobilize it's entire army to the spanish french border and let the germans march to paris without putting up a fight. And if you play as the allies and naval invade italy in the south, chances are it's just gonna sit on the french border if france is still in the war and not do anything, leting you encircle and kill up to 100 divisons and knock italy out the war in like 1 month. Basically this is a complex game with a steep learning curve that becomes stupid easy once you've learnt it beacuse the AI is just dumb"
,Recommended,394360,28582874,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TardisMechanic,"Don't be daunted.Those were three words I used to two friends who were considering playing Hearts of Iron 4.It looks like a bunch of reading and dull mathematics, but once you open the game, and pick your country to play as (which I must mention can be any in the world) - that country is yours. And there's work to do.Do you play as Nazi Germany, and fulfill Hitler's quest for world domination, or do you play as Nazi Germany and turn it Communist? Or Democratic? It's all possible in this game. The ultimate ""What if"" scenario creator, and it's at your fingertips on a global scale.I won't pretend that this game doesn't need some serious time, but damn is it worth it. Even the stock game, you can easily waste hours ensuring your economy is perfect, researching teschnology of the time, and ""national focuses"" - which can either be historically accurate or a new direction you want to go with your little piece of land in the world.Hearts of Iron can be as complicated or as simple as you want it to be. The HUGE community for modding the game transform the game in ways you can't imagine, so regardless of whether or not you're the ""strategy"" type of gamer, Hearts of Iron has something to offer; and it may actually drag you into the bottomless pit of ""What if?"""
76561197972710389,Recommended,394360,23421325,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,HW Plainview,"Much easier to get into than previous HOI games. UI and information presented is much cleaner and well styled. After completing the tutorial and a few hours exploring the two scenerios, I can gladly say the long wait was well worth it."
76561198093370752,Not Recommended,394360,32464963,Posted: 15 June,all,=7Cav=PFC.Claxton.P,Amazing game. Had a lot of fun with the hours i've put into it. But my god does Paradox have the ♥♥♥♥♥iest DLC prices in any company i've ever seen. Unless you feel like buring a hole in your pocket for dlcs that should already be in the base game I would not recommed buying this unless there is a big sale on it.
76561198028576350,Not Recommended,394360,28444232,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Vorvinus,40$ for an update is this a joke
76561198043053799,Not Recommended,394360,28411038,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,holychair,"Best GUI and nicest map of a HOI game yet, but  … the AI is frankly horrible beyond belief and thus singleplayer mode is an utter waste of time for any self-respecting wargamer. It’s not just that the scenarios are totally out of balance and NO single “hands off” run would ever come even somewhere close to what happened in WW2 (or at least would run along the lines of some of the more plausible “what ifs”). It’s rather that, despite a thousand things to do, the game doesn’t present even the slightest challenge – I’ve won easily with Bulgaria and other people have even conquered the world with Luxembourg. I’ve patiently waited for the patch before giving my vote, but now I decided it’s just no use.I used to be a betatester for early Paradox games, including the first HOI. Some say that oldtimers like me are just sore because HOI4 is a “sandbox game” game now and not a WW2 simulation anymore. But I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. “Sandbox game” is nothing but an euphemism to try and hide how unbalanced the scenarios are and how utterly bad the AI is."
,Not Recommended,394360,32490745,Posted: 16 June,all,AviatorMoser,"Sadly, I thought the state of the game would improve immensely after a year since launch. But in reality, it's just in shambles. The game is largely ahistorical with the incompetent A.I. railroaded into bonehead decisions set out in a sequence of National Focus trees. There are just not enough checks on the A.I. before it does the stupidest things.- Such as Germany sending half its unescorted land forces around Africa into the attrition-high jungles of SE Asia to support Japan, even though it's not doing so well in its Russian offensive.- Such as the British incessantly invading German occupied Nazi Europe with tiny amphibious forces and repeatedly beingpushed back out in the seas.- Such as Italy abandoning North Africa for no good reason or just being complacent as it surrounded between Ethiopia and Egypt.- Such as the British Isles being so weakly defended that even the ahistorical Axis Spain will launch its own Sealion- Such as Operation Weserubung consisting of no invasion of Norway by Germany- Such as Fall Gelb executing in mid-winter 1939 instead of Spring, or Barbarossa commencing in March....- Such as Italy, with no solid control of the Mediterranean, abandoning the Boot to go elsewhere.- Such as non-sensical battle plans. Why will the AI divert valuable 12 divisions to surround a patch of land containing three enemy divisions beat down by attrition to 0% strength and 0% organiziation, and just stand around surrounding them for years without just taking them?!The game is absolutely broken. There is only an eight man team apparently working on this severely incomplete and underdeveloped game, with only one working on the biggest problem of them all, AI. Management of Paradox doesn't care. Why should you? Sadly, I will say it. Stay away from this game. Stay away from Paradox. What a huge disappointment. I really wanted to enjoy this game."
76561198061075041,Recommended,394360,23524544,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,send help,"Not recommended for HOI purists, very dumbed down from HOI3 but very fun game.It's true that the game has a lot of inbalances and stupid ai in it's current state among many other problems, this game has been the most the most fun i've had in a game for ages.Dumbed down doesn't mean worse nor easier, just easier to understand. I couldn't understand HOI3 anyway.The game introduces new interesting features such as the political mechanics which are a lot of fun as well as other interesting parts. If you like stratergy adn WW2 but HOI3 was too complex this game is for you, and even if you are a HOI purist this game is still good fun.Looks amazing and from my experience runs pretty well most of the time (excpet for when huge♥♥♥♥♥♥is going on all over the world, or you're doing multiplayer online with♥♥♥♥♥♥internet).Overall, good game, great fun, needs improvement, beware of the oncoming dlc storm."
,Not Recommended,394360,32455220,Posted: 15 June,all,Nicholas,"Paradox loves DLCs, we don't anymore!"
76561198062162859,Not Recommended,394360,23703171,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Night_Phoenix,"I must say that while i am a big fan of HOI3 and have hundreds of hours on that game, i had to put this one away after 2 hours. There are too many issues with the game, positive sides? Not many, if any at all.Regarding the graphics: The day/night cycle is very intrusive, the map looks bad, almost all terrain look the same, it's near impossible to discern between different types ( which affects gameplay). Hardly any cities are shown on the map. Do i really have to see huge counters of my units, bigger than provinces themselves and that also go through the landscape in a buggy way? (carrier for instance)It is stupid to change the names of countries depending on their political choice, some names are outright wrong. (Just because im facist and playing Finland do you need to call it Greater Finland? Iran didn't exist, it was called Persia, etc.) Some countries are just left out of the game, even though they existed at that time.The cartoony style of the leaders is unpreferable to me, it makes the game look like a joke. In HOI3 you had so many officers to choose from for your armies, even playing as Communist China had you had 30 commanders which historically fought, HOI4 maybe has 30 officers in the entire game. No historical relevant data has been researched by the developers, that which is in the game is literally a copy/paste from HOI3.Regarding the gameplay: This is where the real problems start. First off the biggest problem: the AI and it's complete incompetence. The AI cannot even perform the most basic tasks, allies help you in absolutely no possible way, Germany for instance is unable to take France, or even get through Belgium in 1940. You are lucky if by that time Italy has not yet fallen to the allies. The AI makes strange choices based on their national focus even when it's totally unprepared for this.The way the game is set up makes it very repetitive no matter which country you play. Politics are non-existant or not useful, same for trading (everything you need can be gotten from any country under any circumstance). All countries (except for the big 7) have the same tech tree, the same limited choices are always the best, gameplay becomes very repetitive, all countries are able to research almost the same ammount, so no sacrifices or actual choices have to be made. All countries (except big 7) have the same generic units to fight with. (look i'm attacking with my Heavy Tank 1's again!)Waging war was never so dumbed down. No strategy required, it's impossible to maneuver your troops for any possible tactics such as an encirclement. Just point and click, you can't do more. There is no supply system in the game, under any conditions. Not noticable for me at least. The list goes on and on. ( ps. please don't make the game resume time after i click away a pop-up. It's the absolute worst, especially when multiple pop-ups show up)To be honest i could write a book about the flaws in this game. The positive side, the game was so bad i put it away fast enough to get a refund from steam! If you can't you've just wasted 40 EUR or more, if you like this kind of game get HOI3."
76561198039121952,Recommended,394360,23442138,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,YeviS,Best HOI ever!The technology tree is really great and also the decision you can make.You can get the Great German Reich without any war if you want.This game was really worth to wait for it.I would buy it again.
76561198281585575,Not Recommended,394360,28463622,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Tiscotis A,"I do want to say that this game is quite broken, and the latest installment doesn't work properly without the DLC. it's a great game, but the forced purchace of DLCs is kinda expensive."
76561198031163465,Not Recommended,394360,24243105,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jwb_sw,"The AI is so atrocious as to make the game effectively unplayable.  Play the US only to see Germany lose to Poland in 1939.  Or to try attacking across the strait to Sweden with 118 divisions only to get beaten by the dutch, since they have nothing left defending Germany.  Can't remember a game where Italy survived past 1940, since the AI doesn't bother defending against naval invasions.  A single UK unit can capture almost all of Italy before the AI bothers to respond.  And Japan?  Odds are they'll get wiped out by China.  Which I suppose doesn't matter, since they'll probably lose their fleet in the early going to England's mighty pacific fleet."
76561198006345247,Not Recommended,394360,23440720,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Thomas,"This is a massive disapointment.I am a huge fan of Paradox games, but this is just such a let down.I feel completely gutted, and funnily enough that is what has happened to HOI, they have ripped the guts out of the game, and left us something to play on a tablet or smartphone, when you have a spare 30mins.I rarely post reviews, but if you are a fan of the HOI series, save your money."
,Recommended,394360,23437416,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,All American,"Honestly I was expecting it to be in a far worse state in launch than it currently is, it still has flaws but overall pretty satisfactory for my liking. Great and deepened factory, research, trade and diplomacy stuff. It really feels as if you're leading your entire country throughout the war, not just your army as it was in HoI3. AI needs work, no doubt on that. The game still has many months or even years to go, but it really did exceed my expectations. 7,8/10."
76561197971116831,Not Recommended,394360,28459410,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jochadwi,"Games crashes continuously!Nots ure if this is steam or not, but I am runnign top of line Mac hardware. Crashes every  mins or less!"
76561198006523124,Not Recommended,394360,28401523,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,whatatwist,"I enjoy this game but i cant not accept the BS that is their first DLC. Its not just the fact it is 15 bucks for what ammounts to new focus trees for some nations ( things mods do already) while adding very little else that is worth the money save one feature. That is the Blitz command for battleplans which NEEDED to be in the core game. Its one thing if battleplans were optional but since paradox was hellbent to make you feel you have to use it thats not a option. To leave out such a key feature for somthing so critcal for the base gameplay behind a 15 dollar paywall dlc that gives little else is not only greedy, its downright a stab in the back of those loyal to paradox. Blitz option should of been in the core game or a free DLC but if not then atleast dont charge us 15 bucks for it and some focus trees modders will have already given us better options for."
,Recommended,394360,33578290,Posted: 15 July,all,Admiral✯✪✯Ackbar,"Really great game, though this is my first Hearts of Iron game I played so i don't know what is the difference from this Hearts of Iron game to the others. I can say that it is really fun and addictive, The modding community on here is very nice, the gameplay is good as well but not too good, still needs some improvement. A con i have for this game is the AI, it is very hard to trust them when i need them on the front lines. Also, the dlc's, they are a bit rubbish and I know everyone has said this before that some of the content in the dlc's should be in the base game, I agree with that. So in the end, It is a really fun game to play by youself or with your friends, It's just Paradox needs to improve this game or the other reason is they are just slacking off and i know it can be hardwork to remove those bugs and add stuff, just do better..."
76561198113075788,Recommended,394360,30336701,Posted: 5 March,all,Hipsta Stalin,"How do you even do a review on this game? There's too much to cover.Anyways, let's get into it shall we?I must be honest, I wasn't aware of the HoI series until the fourth game. I was watching it on YouTube and Twitch(Feedbackgaming-check him out) and got really into it. Only problem was the price. But I get it. These type of games aren't for everyone and there's a big effort behind them so I respect the price. Once it was in sale, I bought it.At first the game seems really complicated and you have to learn it as you go. I love the political system altough it could use more options. Battles are really complex, lot of buffs, debuffs but I got the basics and I know how to make my divions at least a little bit good even though I don't understand evreything. I would really apriciate some aditions to peace treaties, like demilitarized zones, reparations etc. to make the game more realistic.I definetly didn't cover al that I should but if you don't want to dive in for few thousand hours, this review is enough.I'm giving it 8/10"
,Not Recommended,394360,24234305,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SirMichel,The ai is just hillarious. Fix it!
76561198070810590,Not Recommended,394360,24356654,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,shamneo,"After over 100 hours of gameplay, I think it's a good time to write a review. Basically, love the game but not recommended.I am a big fan of huge strategy games and Paradox makes the best of them. Huge hours put into EU4 and CK2. But there's just one thing missing with one. Not replayable! That's my main problem.I love the combat. I love the management side. But after playing all the major factions, There's just really nothing to do after that. It's based on WW2. Yes. But that's it. You can play the bad guy as Germany and win it or be the good guy. You can change history as you like.I even played as Iran and be with the Axis. And that gameplay was sooo boring. You start weak, and you still remain weak by the end of it. The problem is the it's too much based on history. You can be a weak country but by the time you get strong, the war would've been decided already.Country options is a problem.. You can't play as the asian countries since, most of them are already under control by a bigger nation.After 100 hours of it, I just got bored. I found myself buying CK2 complete pack on steam sal e and played that instead.THE GAME IS GOOD BUT NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198055328375,Not Recommended,394360,24664674,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bluestone the Great,"second star to the left, engage! Thats what it  feels like when playing this game..... the end of an era and good series of a  game.Bad AIBad peace conference systemBad World Tension systemBritain and France are the UN and guarentee independence of all countries"
76561197979323857,Not Recommended,394360,25336998,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Stakaman,"Not such a good game. Yet. The A.I. is ridiculously stupid. Having to fight german troops on the island of Borneo even after Germany has capitulated is not realistic at all. In another game having to fight about 40 Japanese divisions in central Africa, again, is something that would never happen - especially having the continent cut off by sea by using the Royal Navy to blockade any supply convoys. Paradox really need to fix this game. It has great potential but not in its current form.I cannot recommend this game at this point. If and when a patch is released that fixes these issues I will post a second review.Update 18-9-2016What is going on with all the fanboyism? Can't people simply understand that I am not dissing on the game? You don't have to defend them. You aren't going to win a prize. Simply put. This game is supposed to be a strategy game that tries to simulate the WW2 period. As such there should be certain limits on what can be done by each country. America could have invaded both Mexico and Canada. Read your history. It had been done way before WW2.But. There is no way in hell Japan would send 40 divisions to fight in Central Africa (modern day Ethiopia). It would have been unfeasible and there is no strategic value for the Japanese to do such a thing. Also. There is no way strategically or tactically Germany could send divisions to fight in the islands of the Pacific. Germany did not have the navy or the resources to do such a thing.I understand that this is a game and that there are certain elements that cannot be entirely realistic, but this surpasses even the wildest fantasy scenarios.Now, if you like to play a game that has a realistic level of neverland then fine. But a WW2 strategy game should not have the flaws this game has. Hearts of Iron 4 desperately needs to be fixed. And not by payable DLC. The devs really need to fix this game as it is now. Otherwise it is just another fantasy based strategy game which is very very loosely based on earth circa 1936-1948. In this respect as far as the concept (before retorting please read carefully- I am using the word CONCEPT) is concerned it might as well be a grand strategy version of Red Alert 2."
,Not Recommended,394360,32551248,Posted: 18 June,all,SmallPoxRobot,"I love this game, but allllll the DLC MAN JESUS THE DLC IS SETTING MY EDUCATION BACK 5 YEARS"
76561198022790729,Not Recommended,394360,26019793,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Brosef Stalin,"It's not finished, pdx know it, and they don't care.The AI will abandon fronts for no reason/declare war without troops on a front/regularly allows easy encirclement.Air warfare is critical to gameplay, but the UI is unintelligible.Sea supply is a mystery, only selected convoys are interceptable. The battle of the Atlantic cannot occur.3/10. The graphics look flashy for HOI."
,Not Recommended,394360,25596639,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Courage The Cowardly Dog,I personally loved this game untill this point of playtime not because of AI or bugs and crashes but because of naval and air invasions it is extremely difficult in late game when Uk and its allies have dozen of divisons at its ports and cities I been patient and trained dozens of marines and paratroopers invading from every port and still fail it has become incredibly annoying and after i lost countless divisons because i moved them which made them overrun I had to make a negative review. I have air and naval superiority in the uk and its neighboring waters but it dosnt affect anything besides the fact i can drop paratroopers who instantly get encircled and useless nukes which after used on 40 uk and allied divisons on a single port they returned to full strength in a day. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like this which caused me to write a negative review on this game I will make it postive when special forces have been buffed and invasions easier.
,Not Recommended,394360,32422664,Posted: 14 June,all,AnCom Frog,"Selling content that should already be in the game for extortionate prices. I don't want to pay $150-$200 for a game expirience. HOI4 isn't to that level like CK2 or EU4 is, but I'm sure it soon will be, just a few more DLCs."
,Not Recommended,394360,35130793,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr. Rikkles,"Pros- This game is one of the best strategy games I have ever played.Cons- The game is unplayable around/after 1945 on computers with impressive specsI've tried mods, dlc, and editing game files but the game is too poorly optimized. I have conquered all of Asia and the Pacific as Japan but I can not continue my world conquest because the game freezes, stutters, and is unable to pass time in a reasonable amount of time. Your gameplay will end up being waiting around for the game to progress."
76561198156230203,Recommended,394360,33176054,Posted: 3 July,all,Povero Mi'X,"Best game for those people, who really often ask a question,,,what if..."
,Not Recommended,394360,28399547,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,中年离职魔法男,"And now... It follows the way how EU4 grabs money from PA fans... GJ Paradox for ruining so many games... I can never imagine a DLC with minor changes would cost $15... You know $15 is the price of some full games right?The fact is, there will be tons of expensive DLCs upcoming. So just buy the whole bundle years later with a high discount.Dispite the unreasonable price, this game is excellent."
76561198173831203,Not Recommended,394360,32418456,Posted: 14 June,all,Starstone,Empresa mercenaria
,Not Recommended,394360,32563205,Posted: 19 June,all,Beornwahl,"Text: Paradox DLC practiseMelody: Game of Thrones IntroNo no, no no no no,No no no no, no no no no,No no no no, (Nooooooo) no,No nonono No!!!"
,Recommended,394360,23426561,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[WoN][57.Alay] Ibrahim Pasha,"HOI-4 is almost entirely different from HOI-3.You can shape world as you like and you have FREEDOM.You can make America Fascist or UK Commie.Lots of Ahistorical choices.It was worth waiting, only problem is end/late game can become laggy."
,Not Recommended,394360,28285104,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,COMnts,"Game was released with a terrible AI and game breaking issues.  They're not fixed, the first DLC is being released, and the DLC includes fixing features which are not working as designed.  Worst purchase I made this year."
76561198115404363,Recommended,394360,28521760,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Remu,"My experience with this game is quite fascinating and frustrating. Review and gameplay experince as below:You play as one of the major nation leader before or during the WW2 period. Research new technologies for your military purposes.Build infrastructure for a better transportation and resources or equipments to your army divisions. Build Air base, Anti air and Radar station if you get paranoid with the neighbouring country. Position your army to the border as the German Reich is massing a total number of 60+ divisions at their border with the seemingly plan of invasion. But they signed the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, everything is going to be just fine.Years passed, it is the year 1941, German Reich had already invaded and successfully capitulated both France and Poland with the help of other Axis members. Their Blitzkrieg tactics are going strong as they move their attention to the north and the middle east, Norway had requested help from the Allies against the mighty german wehrmacht naval invasion. Their best hope is Great Britain which are close to them. Heck, Mr.Churchill had already had enough problems to deal with the luftwaffe's strategic bombing. I don't think he can spare any troops to aid Norway. The capitulation of Norway is imminent. Meanwhile at the african theather, Benito Mussolini continues his territorial expansion.Late 1942, At the other end of the world, Chinese United Front hold Japanese army into a stalemate situation.The japs realized Just when things couldn't get much worse, A newspaper report states that the United States of America controlled hawaiin island, a harbor named ""Pearl Harbor"" were attacked by the Japanese Pacific Fleet and their carriers CAS accompanied by fighters.The United States of America decided to declare war on Japan. Did I mention that Japan is a member of Axis too? Great Britain  sent a call to arms request to The United States of America seeking for war aid. They accepted the request. But it need a long time for the United States Army to reach Europe. Where the seas are littered with german U-Boats, capable of sinking ships with torpedoes while being technically invisible to the Allies. They must find a way to overcome it.Mid 1943, German Reich controls most of mainland europe by this time. Should I start to intervene with this aggresive territorial expansion? perhaps, perhaps. As the Leader of Comintern, Spain are facing a threat of being invaded by the german reich. I wonder why the german reich didn't declare war on Spain, maybe it's because of Spain's faction, Comintern. The United States of America is still being held back by the german U-boats but their invasion is progressing quicker than I have expected, Perhaps this is the most suitable time to declare war on german reich and its allied countries with the reason ""Aggresive territorial expansion and poses a threat to the Soviet Union.(ME) Sure, why not? I have more than 1 Million manpower and more than enough army equipment to safely invade German Reich. Everything is going to turn out just fine.1944, I have greatly underestimated the german army, I thought that I can blitzkrieg my way to Warsaw, and Berlin. Use their tactics against themselves. It'll be swift and simple, I expected little resistance on the polish border. The first few weeks of the invasion is going great with little and no resistance because of the inexperienced garrison army. But then, the much more experienced and better equipped german army clashes with the might of the Red Army. NO ONE WILL STOP THE RED ARMY ADVANCING. NO ONE. I was wrong, they didn't only stops the advance of my army, they also pushes back my army, back to my own border. Now I must confront the german army inside my own border. Just when the german army seek to advance into Moscow, Winter struck. Good news? No. The german army's momentum didn't stop for winter. They give no ♥♥♥♥s for winter. Just when they are about to march in heavily fortified and garrisonned Moscow. The United States army arrived at multiple port as their naval invasion target. At least that's what our code breakers told me. The German army had to draw some of their divisions back to the western front, leaving moscow with just a few dozens of divisions. Never I have been so grateful for United States misdirection.[WILL CONTINUE TO UPDATE]"
,Recommended,394360,31566750,Posted: 5 May,all,Gagamehl,The Mods lets you play as a communist ISIS.9/11
,Recommended,394360,23490759,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Lamp,"I really enjoyed this game! I do recommend you buy this, but for hardcore fans of Hearts of Iron 3, I don't recommend it. It's really simplified, and for me, that's a good thing. I had a hard time getting into Hearts of Iron 3 because of its complexity. But for others, maybe not so much.CONS:- Awful AI, both other nations and army AI- End-game feels very empty- The game lags when there's a global war going on- No victory point mapmode- No control over your exports apart from the global export policyPROS:- Linux version (Thank you so much Paradox! <3)- Satistfying combat- Less micromanagement- Many different alternate history routes- Very nice UI- Amazing graphics for a Paradox grand strategy game"
76561198007313220,Not Recommended,394360,25303705,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,caroraim,"AI is a bugfest. I think the problem is systemic, because they tried to dumb down the stuff with ""focus trees"". They simply cant all be reconciled with any plausible behaving ai. Butfear not, we will get 20-30 dlc's...have you seen some of the other paradox games? Large AI amphibious invasions every week or two, SSR invades well before  June 41, Italy collapses in 40 or 41...all on the ""historical"" iron man mode. Go back to HOI3 cuz this franchise is sadly done."
,Recommended,394360,33281397,Posted: 5 July,all,Trux「オタク」,"If you want to play as VENEZUELAN FASCIST with two army division and 12 fighter planes , you can give it a go ."
76561198013720540,Not Recommended,394360,28409631,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Supreme  Lord Commissar,Don't buy this game it's not what it looks like for an example you can't invade others if you play against the ai for the ai is superior in everyway possible you cant beat it.
76561198021954273,Not Recommended,394360,28410473,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,AlBootYerBaws,"The Game is not finished, hence don't buy it until most/all of their updates are released!!!When this game was released, I was hyped!! , the campaign map looked stunning and overall the gameplay was much more easier to understand. The addition of focus trees was smart and the improved Graphics is also a very welcomig feature.Pros:-Excellent new campaign map-Improved understanding of the game, particularly for new players like myself.-A SLIGHT improvement in immersion by seeing your troops move on the map and engage in combat.Cons:-Poor faction immersion, in short, US,UK,Italy,Japan and Soviet campaigns were very boring.-Lack of city building, in EU4 city building is a key feature, not in HOI4.-Short Campaign, I felt the start dates should have varied for different factions. E.g German campaign should have started in 1933, because this was the year Hitler came to power etc. Also the camapign ends in the late 1940s. If you play the game at full speed this can be completed in just a couple of hours you would be lucky to get 5 hours at full speed. I felt it should've extended into the cold war era.-Focus Trees, although the focus trees are a great addition to the game, again some factions have larger focus trees than others. In the Soviet Focus tree, you can pretty much complete this by the year 1942/3. Thats means you've got really not much left to do until you complete the game, hence making the expereince rather boring.-AI, was what killed it for me, e.g the Germans rather than attack a weak Soviet Union , they let you get stronger and attack you when you are in a strong position, Rommel would be twisting his grave.What can be done to improve the game?-Add original features from the original installment, e.g better trade interface. Trade in the form of exports happens automatically, not good.I personally would like to conduct my trade deals with factions i'm freindly with.-add more historical figures to the game. I noticed that in the politics tab, many faces were not put on the portaits of various historical figures, e.g Lavrenty Beria of the Soviet Union had a generic face.and tehre was only 6-9 advisors in politics for SU. Very lazy by paradox. More needs to be done.-Increase variety of 3D units in all factions and see their equipment improve on the map. Again another lazy move by Paradox, would've added more immersion to the game.-The AI of the opposing factions needs to be improved also, soem of them are just brain dead.-Make cities more unique on the campign map, make city building a new and interesting feature.-Make economic and dipolomatic side of the game more in depth and interesting.-Bring back HOI3 military structure. Military structure in HOI4 is dumbed down.To conclude,As a new player of HOI, I previously played HOI3 for a few months before this game's release and I thorughly enjoyed it. The only thing I did not like about HOI3 was the graphical side of things. PersonallyI I would like to see my troops move and engage in combat on the campaign map, it adds a lot more immersion.However, this game's achilles heel is the stripping down of features which were in the previous installment. For e.g I played as the Soviets in HOI3 and there was huge choice in the amount of Generals which I could hire to head my army, In HOI4 there wasn't a large variety of generals which you coud hire and the army structure had also been dumbed down. I felt that the game was mainly focused on the Germans, as they had a wider choice of generals and weapons. In short I felt that all the factions apart form the Germans was very boring and not in any way unique. The Soviets in particular  was very dissappointing. This game has great potential, but in its current state, it really is rather boring and drab. Hopefully this will change in upcoming updates!!"
,Not Recommended,394360,32728826,Posted: 24 June,all,Gollum Gaming,"Although this game is a great idea, Paradox needs to rework how the combat works and make some major changes to other mechanics. In the end, the straw that broke the camel's back for me was that it was simply boring. Everything takes a long time to do, and even then, you are just met with a slight increase in something that you don't even need. Since the combat is bland, it feels like nothing ever really happens."
76561198043732978,Not Recommended,394360,32696753,Posted: 23 June,all,Erich von Manstein,"If I could get a refund and put it all into pay to win mobile games, it'd have more potential than this abhorrent game with the DLC strategies of the worst companies for gaming ever possibly could manage.  Never had I ever expected Paradox to lock important features like licensing production rights to other nations behind a paywall.  Paradox is going down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it's taking us as a community for a ride at our expense."
76561198047401442,Not Recommended,394360,26043392,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Narmalion01,Play one of the earlier games..not worth it ATM
76561198029815841,Not Recommended,394360,26045069,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nemissarion,"I have often tried to overlook the deplorable amount of DLCs Paradox fires out of its backside, given that some of them are of wonderful quality, and others though not essential, are at a reasonable price. Today I learned this game will be charging as a paid DLC, the means to fix the abyssmal battle planning commands that let you steer your generals to victory. I am done with these money-grubbing mercenaries."
76561198017437718,Not Recommended,394360,25296123,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tostreim,Many of the things that made previous iterations of HOI great have been left out in this game.  HOI4 appears to have been created for the casual player and as such a lot of depth has been lost.  After a couple of playthroughs the game begins to feel the same reguardless of what country you play.  I would give this game a 2/10.
76561198206189349,Not Recommended,394360,34783838,Posted: 6 September,all,DwarfLord69,I hate not recommending this game its so good in so many ways but the peace confrences ruins everything i took france as gremany and guess who got most of the land when all was said and done japan and they never even helped take france they were taking china. it makes no sense and its sad that such a good game is riuned by such a baisic flaw.
76561197986272046,Not Recommended,394360,35439693,Posted: 3 October,all,Zandraak,"Finally after 240h+ I can't recommend this game.The GAME is good, fun, with much possibility, a lot of different ways to play.It's REALLY FUN with mates to broke the game and make our ""LulzWorld"".BUUUUUUUUUUT: The AI is INCREDIBLY Stupid (Or more).After hours to think, to build, to play well, to have luck... Your friend declare a random war and suicide all of his manpower on enemy fortress.THREE EXAMPLES:1° The most stupid AI is Germany. You CAN'T play Italy correctly, you will have to saved Adolf against everybody.Usually, he will declare war to Poland after Anchluss etc OK.After this, he will rush France. AND SUICIDE ALL on Maginot Wall. And AFTER 3Millions of Death (or more) declare war to Belgium (join allies) to Netherland (join allied) and Denemark.After 3MILLIONS of death he add 3 new countries.But to be S.U.R.E he will declare war to URSS.And... You can ALT+F4.2° As Italy, to Help Adolf, i've convert USA to fascism, saved Adolf with french naval attack from Marseille, pwnd them. Back to Russia for a rush to Moskow. AAAAAND usa Joined.And no, they don't instant pwned Canda. They don't help us to pwned Royal Navy. NOOOO. They send like 4 Millions of Murican's on france... And lost 2Millions+ because they don't protect they're troops.WELL PLAYED.3° If you want play as Germany, you will propably try to ally Japan.HELP HIM.If you don't send troops to bubble China, they'll lost 9MILLIONS guys against china and finally lose... Yeah, they can, because they'll send 40+divisions on mountains... And wait.And as Britain, you'll see france don't defend they're frontier etc etc..No the GAME Is good, but they need to create real AI. Seriously."
76561197983612638,Not Recommended,394360,23475462,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Conquest,"This game plays as if someone tried to play Hearts of Iron III, found it too difficult, then remade the series as the most ""casual"" WWII strategy game in existence.  I would get a refund on this, but maybe, just maybe, someone mods it into being a good game years from now.  I will be going back to playing Hearts of Iron III."
76561198072876562,Recommended,394360,31293445,Posted: 22 April,all,Seppoveri,Tested it. Pretty good.
76561198198520355,Not Recommended,394360,24662047,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,dmoffitt2,"This game has a very interesting premis but is held back by so many design flaws and oversights. I honestly don't know where to begin in listing them as there are so many. Units can't be given orders while in combat, its way too simple to unintentionally retreat with a unit and get it overrun, and moving airplanes around is just an utter nightmare. And then there's the AI, or lack there of. Theres no point in letting the AI control your forces because it will just suicide them in stupid attacks. And then there is the enemy's AI's inability to avoid encirclements. I recently just defeated Russia on hard as Japan with Russia taking 2.5 million casualties while I took 125 thousand just because the enemy AI wouldnt ever retreat from the front line or seek to rescue stranded troops. It was rather dissapointing to get a game that has a really intersting idea only to have it squandered by so many silly issues."
76561198021663281,Not Recommended,394360,32463187,Posted: 15 June,all,ab4daa,"Maybe the shareholders can justify spearhead battleplan behind paywall,BUT I CAN'T."
76561198215756329,Not Recommended,394360,32634499,Posted: 21 June,all,zhuzhen6,"I really love this game but I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥furious with it now because the new version makes Mao Ze Dong and Chiang Kai shek step off very soon. This is disrespectful to the history and it makes me stop playing anymore. We also need Chinese DLC, two Chinese Focus Trees and more Chinese generals in real names. You can earn much much more if you guys did it. China has the biggest market and  a lot of paradox fans. Please respect your fans and please be respectful to the WWII history."
76561198044902407,Not Recommended,394360,26033458,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,xXROUGEXx,"I have decided to rewrite my review a few months after release to give my over all impressions of the game and the future of the title.****PROS*****The game on launch does feel like an epic WW2 grand strategy game, the gameplay can also be fun.*The sound track playing in the back ground is amazing and can also be enhanced with Sabaton.*There is ""Less"" but ""More"" to do in Hoi4 than Hoi3. Meaning that some of the ""annoying"" micromanaging has been removed but for the most part it was expanded on in areas that make the game more complex/immersive.*Naval and air invasions are easier to perform once you get the hang of the new system which is drastically different than Hoi3****Cons****Now is the part I dread, I have to really tear into this game.*The battle plan system is sloppy to say the least, you will find yourself CONSTANTLY fighting with the Ui to your ""Battle line from expanding on it's own"" meaning your neatly drawn battle plans pre war will all turn into garbled messes and become worthless in the first few weeks of the war.*The Ai is dumb, it prioritizes defending ports above all else, so even if the Ai is dying it won't pull troops from the rear that could potientially save it.*The Ai has no idea about supply, and will just shove as many divisions as it can into a warzone choking EVERYONE out of supplies.*The ""Air control"" is clunky and counter intuitive. Not to mention the constant ARMAGEDDON amount of planes that will end up over western France/English channel.*The Ai also does not know how to ""Stop making divisions"" so even if the Ai's manpower is sitting on zero it will still be attempting to make new divisions, often leading to the Ai getting ""Cheat Manpower"" as to not just die. Meaning by 1944 the Ai will have Zerg/Tyranid >HERESEY< level of troops.*The Ai will also do very weird things, >Australia invading Finland<.  Ya.....*Paradox is known now for their DLC policies, so you can expect to probably be paying $100-$300 (Other than the base game) for the complete game in a few years.I really want to give this game a good rating, I WANT TO LOVE IT. But I can't it's essientially a ""Production simulator"" rather than a WW2 simulator atm with very and counter intuitive Ai."
,Not Recommended,394360,32422923,Posted: 14 June,all,Deathbringer21,"Not a big fan of the way DLC's are presented in this game. Locking mechanics behind DLC's is simply idiotic. Also the new increase on the price of most of the paradox games and content because of ""inflation"" just seems like an excuse to me."
76561198078489839,Not Recommended,394360,23767234,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fredo Santana,"needs better ai, especially the glitch where the ai stop attacking the enemy or let the enemy take ports and dont react, not to mention they dont defend home ports very well, this occures much more frequently in the latter part of any game.  Also the multiplayer servers are bugged and never stay in sync, they need to patch this game"
76561197960336894,Not Recommended,394360,24230541,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Gunman,"Some things are streamlined or simplified from Hoi3 some for the bether some not,Resources are wasted to easily and you have no control over your export, Diplomacy is basic,Still has the same problem as older games of a limited number of possible outcomes, as most of the world is controled by a few countries, so if your not playing a major faction your dont have a whole lot of options,I could swear that there were some things in the early review build that are not in now.for now maby wait for someone to make a world war 1 mod, or for more dlc to make the game whole like any other paradox game,overall i would say if your comming from Eu4 expect 1/4 of the content of Eu4 at its launch.if your bored like me on vacation then its good for a couple of hours.EDIT:So its been over a year, so what have they done?seem to have fixed the navy somewhat, great.other than that not to much, the big thing for me personally was the insanenely stupid riggid diplomacy. that seems to be still around, you pretty much have to use national focuses to get anything special going diplomatic wise.looking at the dlc seems to be nothing special, pretty much minimal of what any modder would do,wondering if theres any modders out there that got pulled down because of this, because i asume someone already had modifield hungarian national focuses.Actually had to double check if Paradox was just the publisher or also the developer. and yes they are put up as the developers,  so i gues HOI is not really a priority at all for them.But hey there are some pretty decent mods for this by now, because atleast the people that work for free do one hell of a job to make this game great."
,Recommended,394360,26185729,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Rommel,Who lives in a bunker under Berlin?! ADOLF HITLER!!
76561198064792187,Not Recommended,394360,27321301,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MousehMouse,"Hearts of Iron II has some great AI for its time... Wait, this is Hearts of Iron IV? Released in 2016? oh.oh."
,Recommended,394360,35132430,Posted: 22 September,all,🐾WolfAleron🐾,"I will trigger many people by saying that HOI3 was annoying af and totally not fun to play, I hated it. This is finally fun WW2 global strat to play. Simple enough, but still good. + more content incoming."
,Recommended,394360,32859295,Posted: 27 June,all,Lemeard,"I don't normally write reviews but the garbage opinions on here is begging for me to make an exception.I've played Paradox games since Svea Rike III and Hearts of Iron since the first version came out. The previous version of HoI (3) was an absolute disaster and simply not enjoyable. Hearts of Iron IV was a better and more entertaining product on release than HoI 3 ever was.The trading system, the focus trees, and the research aspect (and even the air battles after they tinkered with it) are all functioning and fairly easy to use. HoI does not have as steep of a learning curve as some paradox games, such as Victoria or EUIV, and can be picked up by someone completely new to Paradox games (but interested in strategy). It is a solid game all around and I whole-heartedly recommend it.Two more points.First, the game is enjoyable in its vanilla state. You do *not* need DLCs for it to be a good game. You should also be able to figure out, for example based on a quick glance of the Steam page, that Paradox's business model is based around improving and expanding games through downloable content. Just go look at the number of DLCs for EUIV. If you don't want the DLCs and think they're too expensive you can always just not purchase them. Check out any of the great HOI mods instead, such as Kaiserreich. Or wait for a sale.Second, and this is one downside that I will agree with, the AI is not the most brilliant strategist out there. But there is a plethora of solutions to this. Up the difficulty. Play with friends in MP (which actually works. A pleasant Paradox surprise). Play a smaller nation. Set some roleplaying goals for yourself. And so forth.Over and out."
76561198100415011,Not Recommended,394360,32329043,Posted: 10 June,all,mathiasjorgen,"great game with lots of replayability and stuff, but I got shocked when i found out that they suddenly shot up the price by an unforgivable amount! I can't belive with such a great game (with overpriced DLC's with little to offer) could overprice a game like this by so much! i think i bought it for 23-25 USD (im in Norway, so i bought it for 200NOK i think) and now it is at such a high price! so until they fix this s***, my review stays negative."
76561198030893129,Not Recommended,394360,28405635,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ludendorff,"This game is not finished, and is currently, so long after release, UNPLAYABLE. At least if you fancy any sort of realism to your WW2 games.After patch 1.3, the AI is still not making any reasonable decisions.German AI declares war (DOWs) on Poland and struggles to take it. It then DOWs the Low Countries and does not attack them. It may take Poland or may continue to struggle, and then decides to DOW Denmark and Norway. All this can happen before november 39. So germany fights on at least 3 fronts at the same time.I have yet to see, with all the hours I played the game (mainly watching, not really playing), the German AI perform a single naval invasion on Norway, despite it always DOWing Norway. Oslo seems like the safest place to be in the whole war. Copenhagen too, it is not always captured. I have seen Denmark attacking into northern Germany instead.The finns can capture an unguarded Leningrad, while the russians attack through western Finland...The UK goes crazy and launches naval invasions in Italy, which is undefended, because all the italian troops are on the french border, or are sent to fight in the Netherlands, while the french are invading Milan. Rome usually falls in april-june 1940.The game is not playable in its current state, and the responses from Paradox have been close to rude. They claim the AI cant be ""fixed"", it can only be ""improved"". So it's a question of semantics for them.They got one, I say one (1) guy working on the AI, and clearly he is not able. So the game is a disaster. And all the while this tragey unfolds they push out DLC with content that should have been in the game already, like the ""spearhead"" (blitz) tactic. Or rather, the game should not have been released at all, because it isnt functional.I would suggest any hardcore WW2 fan go check out the games published by Matrix games and/or Slytherin instead.I would like to get my money back, but I have ""played"" too many hours. Haven't enjoyed it though."
,Recommended,394360,35179739,Posted: 24 September,all,Wind,"Es braust ein Ruf wie Donnerhall,wie Schwertgeklirr und Wogenprall:Zum Rhein, zum Rhein, zum deutschen Rhein,wer will des Stromes Hüter sein?Lieb' Vaterland, magst ruhig sein,lieb' Vaterland, magst ruhig sein,fest steht und treu die Wacht, die Wacht am Rhein!Fest steht und treu die Wacht, die Wacht am Rhein!kaiserreich — best mod ever"
76561198055455998,Not Recommended,394360,32694391,Posted: 23 June,all,"LEEEEEEEN, NIGGA!!!",scammed
76561198116745143,Not Recommended,394360,32558513,Posted: 18 June,all,Tyrranus,"Ive been a fan of Paradox titles for ages, and I have every HoI title/spinoff, dlc, and expansion pack since HoI2 was new/ I have spent gods only know how many hours as various nations and enjoyed most every second of it. Until now.f*ck HoI4... seriously f*ck this bullsh!t, I got it for 50% off and for the first time ever(with a HoI title), I feel utterly ripped off. Its not even the wonko AI or bugs, or the DLC with game mechanic elements that really should have been in the core game. Nope its the war and lack of diplomacy.I dont care if your general is Ares himself!2 divisions, cut off from any air support, being bombed, and attacked by 22 divisions on all sides but one, including motorized, mechanized, armor, infantry with full artillery rocket artillery, anti-tank, anti-air, mash units etc....YOU LOSEbut nope, not in HoI 4Stuck in a deadlocked war with a front line that hasn't gone anywhere in 3 years?? Want to sue for peace and resolve things or even attempt it?? TOO BAD!! You cant even think of that unless you wade into every participating enemy nation and utterly conquer their core regions!As a final, much lesser complaint... if your enemy declares war on anyone, they are automatically allied to you and subsumed into your faction.... Meaning when tiny/weak nations get slaughtered they hurt your war score, making peace even less able to happen."
76561197997102697,Not Recommended,394360,32423334,Posted: 14 June,all,Proco,"While a good game at it's core, you will find all the features making it a better game in DLC packs which you need to pay $20  in order to access. This is cancer to the industry."
76561198113578128,Recommended,394360,33214931,Posted: 3 July,all,Ping,"Fun game, very replayable, great modding community, etc. The AI isn't much worse than any other strategy game out there. Although I agree with the other reviews that Paradox's DLC policy has gotten a bit out of hand, it really isn't a huge deal with this game so far since the two DLCs released only add minor changes and don't break the game if you don't own them like with EU4."
,Not Recommended,394360,26010098,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Topsi,Basic level unit control behind a paywall.
,Not Recommended,394360,32440620,Posted: 15 June,all,Intruder,"WAAAYYY over priced, you could at lest ponder buying before, if you really like grand strategies, but now with the price increased your better off playing risk."
76561198057141695,Not Recommended,394360,32671593,Posted: 23 June,all,AnalThrasher2002,"Terrible DLC policy, ruins the game."
,Not Recommended,394360,23437765,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Mountsorrel,"I cannot believe that I am having to write a negative review about a Hearts of Iron game.Bottom line up front: The game is stripped down, way oversimplified (maybe 25% of the detail of HOI3), you are totally detached from what is actually going on with your forces (land, air and sea) and is what I would imagine would be made if PDX told their devs to ""go make Hearts of Iron for a tablet/ipad/mobile"".The oversimplification of specific mechanics is particularly bad. For example, trade and resources may as well be totally automated now. If you need more rubber, you just click a nation with it, click how much you need to meet your requirements (no stockpiling now) and send the request. The resource and trade system was far more detailed in HOI3, and involved forward thinking and strategy to anticipate future need and stockpile; if you couldn't stockpile then you would have to amend your strategy and operations to seize territory with the resources you need. Too complex? Ok, just click the 'automate trade' button and the AI manages it for you. Why remove such detail from the game then if you could already provide the option in-game, at the player's choice, to automate it?The map is awful and the limited mapmodes are useless. Then again you don't really need to see detail as you are so abstracted from the goings on of the map (combat, division locations etc). The battle plans mechanism works but I am not a fan. It is clunky and it takes far more time to change and adapt ongoing plans as the situation changes than the supposedly more complicated micro of individual divisions/coprs HQ/armyHQ etc of HOI3.The tech trees are minimalistic at best, such a step back from HOI3. Once you research the next unit in a line, when you go to build it you can create variants and add +1 to, for example, tank components such as gun, engine, armour, reliability. You don't need to research better components, you use experience that your services gain. I'm sure on exercise you can find out that your tank guns are underpowered, but I'm also sure that research and design comes into developing highervelocity guns/better shells etc. Not in HOI4 though.Intelligence is no longer in the game (probable paid DLC 'extra' now); shocking.POSITIVE:The production system (not recruiting, which is awful) is quite good with stockpiling of excess production to replace losses and equip new units.Maybe a 4/10 if I'm being generous..."
76561198034534190,Not Recommended,394360,26052501,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Valkyre,♥♥♥♥ you and your DLC!
76561198016089792,Not Recommended,394360,23447469,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,gaborp,"The biggest dissapointment ever. Paradox do not seem to respect the franchise, and its intended userbase either.Despite this game being called Hearts of Iron IV, it completely deviated from the style of the franchise in favour of some false ""simplicity"". While it is called WWII game WWII just does not happen unless you redefine its meaning. All handsoff (playing with a country like haiti) France and Germany in war in 1936 ? You can get it. US joining Poland and DDaying in 1939? You can get it. AI Germany unable to conquer AI Poland? You can get it. Japan invading in Finland? You can get it.A WWII game without WWII. If it wear at least focusing what was feasible in the time frame. We already observed such AARs with video evidence when for example a industrial powerhouse like Bhutan managed to conquer Japan, recieved Estonia at a peace conference, etc. In a game that covers 15 year of history tops. By 1939 any minor can reach research capacity of Germany or the US.Is it at least a good wargame? Unfortunately not. They removed all direct control, all OOB, all tactics. Most effective way to manage an army is add all of them to a Field marshall and Tell them to attack the enemy-s capital. In a game as Germany I sent a single armored division to Spain, while I tried to work normally It made not strategic contribution, then I just told it to occupy madrid (Fronts were several hundred km from it.) while this tank division was in Barcelona, then it just done that and the war was over in 2 month. It went through Valencia, then 1000 km of enemy territory, then alone sieged madrid through a river.While I tried to micro that war AI always overrided my actions.Is it at least  immersive? Many nation is lead by clones identical pictures. Despite the frachise's histroy which used separate photo for every minister in every country, someone decided time to go hand drawn portrays. But since it is expensive put it only to the most apparent places, and used generic ones at such unsignificant countries like Romania as well. Similary we should be happy of the ""free"" Polish DLC while it hides the fact that all 170+ country hast the very saem possibilities in the game. Can construct free civil factories doubling industrial capacity just by waiting 70 day to a focus to complete, etc. Brazil and Buthan, and Turkey at the very same pace.They made an RTS Group and click fashion from a franchise adressing other totally other audiance. This game as it is would better fit to a tablet than any serious platform.But even the Simplicity is fake. While one focuses on a battle that can last months, he get absolutely no notification on things like his nation produced 20 new divisions doing nothing, that for months research teams doing nothing, that those something out of nothing focuses do not work.It is a cheat. If I knew it is that bad, it is such a spit in the face to us loyal customers (I spent thousends of dollars in past for Paradox product) then I would nevere ever preorder this title not to mention with its Expansion pack.It was a rip-off."
76561198012630019,Not Recommended,394360,25553036,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Draken,"There isn't nearly enough content to warrent a full game. Paradox no doubt plans to release a mountain a DLC down the line that will add more features to the game and make it more appealing, but for now, it's just very stale WW2... again, and again, and again."
76561197969345530,Not Recommended,394360,24643547,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Talibantastic,"Another DLC platform from modern Paracucks. Do not buy this right now, wait a long time before considering it. Instead buy Darkest Hour for 10$ and play one of the greatest games ever made. For those unfamiliar, Paradox is a company with the attitude that the customer is in debt to them for having such neat ideas for games. Their employees display this attitude with abandon on their official forums as they have no oversight on how their employees should interact with their community. And they extract this debt owed many times over by pumping out overpriced DLC to fix the broken♥♥♥♥♥games they release. Unfortunately HoI IV has design issues that could prevent it from EVER becoming a great game. Right now the AI can not even recognize when it's being encircled and the AI dev has apparently said he will do nothing about it because reasons. There is some cause (the awesome production system) to be hopeful about this game's future, but right now it is just a platform for selling DLC to stupid people."
76561198087765008,Not Recommended,394360,23452086,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Asael,"I suppose I should begin with what I was hoping to experience with this game.Perhaps my expectations as a fan of this series were too highly elevated.  What I hope for with a new title in any series is a familiar foundation, revitalization and mastery of those experimental and ambitious additions to previous titles, and experimentation and expansion into new areas to more fully develop the experience of players within the series.  Having said that, Hearts of Iron IV feels less like an installment to the Hearts of Iron series than a new IP with a focus on gorgeous graphics and rapid gameplay set during a decade in the first half of the twentieth century.I'll give Paradox credit for attempting to open up the world a little more than in previous titles.  Events like creating a Fascist USA have become much easier to do in game without one needing the confidence and know-how to get under the hood and creating modifications of their game or save file.  I'm left feeling that the system is a little too easy to manipulate and the game can sometimes get too far off the rails to the detriment of the current game (play the USA and watch Germany succumb to rebellion in '38) but these are issues that could be resolved with patches and DLC.  I'm pleased with this effort.I'm also pleased with the new supply system and method of building units even though I've yet to feel truly comfortable with the mechanics there.  It's works in a manner that makes the creation of units more interesting and feels organic while adding options to put undertrained or underequipped units in the field as an emergency stop-gap.  The penalties associated with this sort of decision also seem on point and make such decisions feel weighty.Command of your airforce is no longer a micro-management version of hell that often convinced the player to not bother with air forces whenever practical.  I'm not convinced that I'm wholly pleased with the decisions that the AI makes for usage of your air forces within the assigned mission and geographic responsibility, but another step in a positive direction.Beyond this, the game feels like a reversion.The AI seems just as inept as that of Hearts of Iron III, perhaps even more so.   I do not believe it to be asking too much for a developer to have improved the object of the most commonly cited shortcoming of the previous title before release of a successor.  If you are new to the Hearts of Iron franchise HoI3 had a terrible habit of mismanaging armies that were left to AI control.  After a few DLC and some creative usage of the order of battle we were able to overcome many of the shortcomings to such an extent that the experience was largely positive.  Examples of these failings would be the AI repeatedly attacking a heavily defend and fortified strait crossing until manpower was exhausted and the attacking forces were critically under strength.  Presently the Hearts of Iron IV AI will engage in similar behavior.Related to those AI failings ... this title has dramatically reduced the amount of information that it provides to the player.  In the previous installment if you had the default message settings still in place you would see that your forces suffered a catastrophic loss.  The solution appears to now be keeping the player in the dark.  If you don't know that you just lost 250.000 men attempting to retake Sicily you won't complain about the AI committing suicide.The AI was incredibly deficient in amphibious invasion in HoI3, but it would attempt them regardless and sometimes it would succeed to the great satisfaction of the player.  Presently AI amphibious invasion seems even less capable than in HoI3.  It's not impossible to fix this, but what the game considers to be naval superiority is rather opaque and player attempts to rectify the situation are a trial by error where you sometimes just strike it lucky and fix it quickly or you overcommit forces whilst abandoning other areas just get the job done.Research is mixed.  It is flashier, but doesn't seem to have improved much.  The greatest improvement in the research tech tree is that minors are not hopelessly crippled in the world.  The greatest flaw seems to be a lack of depth and a level of starting technology that keeps even the mostly hopelessly backward and technophobic of regimes on a modest technological footing.I admit that when Hearts of Iron III launched it was a mess, but I had hope that it would be resolved as the issues were technical.  I have much less hope with Hearts of Iron IV as the issues are less technical than a dramatically new direction to the series."
76561198016488565,Not Recommended,394360,23470345,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Revenge,"Briefly too simple and lacks depth... Plus AI can't handle game mechanics well enough (which it has very undemanding ones). Research system is nowhere near old HOI/DH/Arsenal of Democracy tech team builds, its very plain. Only thing I liked compared to old games is production system, rest is very simple, its like arcade version of HOI...I don't recommend this game if you are experienced Paradox/HOI player, its not a ""Grand(!)"" strategy game at all..."
76561198079068381,Recommended,394360,32869782,Posted: 27 June,all,Trance,"I find it funny everyone is B****ing about how the DLC should be free or it should have been a patch. I think they would be greatful that you even are adding new stuff to the game. I mean, if you don't have the Money for it, then don't buy it. Simple as that, I came to the reviews to see how the DLC is and how people like it, not to see all you ungrateful fools who aren't willing to pay, which I state feeds the people working at Paradox INT. but of course, you would much rather complain about it. Believe it or not, it is your choice to buy it, so don't spam the reviews with your b****ing. It just irritates people who are actually grateful they put out DLC and it isn't Like Firaxis's Civ 6 BS."
76561198101861475,Not Recommended,394360,32237459,Posted: 7 June,all,"FATĐAMИ AkA ""MAUSER""","ENG:Game is good and has so much replayability with mods etc. etc. But the price is ridiculous! I am very happy that I bought this before the Paradox gone dumb and stingy. I cannot recommend you this game for this price right now but if Paradox stops being dumb you can buy and try it. Paradox you know you shouldn`t have done this. This would destroy ""Eu"" and ""Hoi"" community in weeks. Even in the forums and Facebook groups they started protesting you. If you want to relieve the stress and get your community back stop this dumb movement and lower the prices!Edit:Also they started adding the stuff that must have already been in the vanilla version to game with dlcs and that is just ♥♥♥♥ed up.TUR:Oyun çok iyi arkadaşlar fakat bu fiyata değmeyecek bir oyun. indirimi bekleyip deneyebilirsiniz ama şimdilik bu fiyatla almanızı kesinlikle tavsiye etmiyorum. Bizi enayi sanmaları gerçekten çok komik fakat biz Anadolu çocuğuyuz yermiyiz lan! O fiyatları indirirlerse gelir alırız."
76561198165466722,Not Recommended,394360,32554494,Posted: 18 June,all,bozebilly,"There are 2 things Paradox is going to be in the future. 1 Has already happened. Their first DLC name describes it perfectly:""Dishonorable-Death""But seriously, ONLY buy if you really REALLY want this game and it is on the CHEAPEST DISCOUNT POSSIBLE!Paradox SERIOUSLY needs to get their Act together and remember their PROFITS come from OUR POCKETS!!!""Don't take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on your own food"""
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,394360,26095064,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,rlg007,"I can sum up this game in one word - Maddening (or I could say ""broken"")The main way to conduct AI battles, setting fronts and setting offensive attacks, it practically broken. Your troops alway, AND I MEAN ALWAYS, attack across the entire length of their front. This makes it impossible to create a real plan. I am sure people will tell me, ""oh well, you can hover the mouse over your attack plan to show the route your troops will take."" This works only until your troops take their first zone. Once your troops change the front line they change your plan an start attacking in all directions. Your troops dont hold the line and continue with your plan. The main focus of your attack isnt prioritized by the AI at all. The AI spreads out troops to support all attacks along the front equally, no matter where the plan tells them to attack. If the AI would just stick to the plan, no matter what, it would actually make the AI job easier, and require less programing which is why it makes no sense.I will give a small example - In a previous attack my troops broke through the enemy lines and gained a single zone on the other side of a river. This gave me a chance to strike northward and cut off some enemy troops. The zone bordered three enemy zones - one to the north, one east, and one south. I set my army's ""front line"" as just that one zone I owned. I drew a plan northward, they got ready, I clicked attack. Guess which way they attacked ? SOUTH !Edit #1 I went back to an earlier save to restart my invasion into Russia. I carefully drew all of the  offenses so that the previews only showed the zones I wanted to take. When I clicked ""attack"" once again my units attack across their whole front, sometimes not even in the zones I had marked. Some armies would attack in every direction but the direction I had marked. As I mentioned before, as the front line grows and your AI armies try to attack across the whole front, the broken'ness of the game becomes even more apparent. About once every 12 hours of game time I had to adjust my panzer groups front lines, just to prevent them from attacking in all directions. Once I got two armies close to their objective (Kiev), I had to manually select both armies (32 divisions total) and click once an hour (game time) just to get them to attack Kiev, aka follow the plan. I just sat there going, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, to get them to attack.Edit #2 Also your troops will refuse to fill in the front line you have made if that area has low supply. This is a problem when your battle plan includes 200-300 divisions attacking on the eastern front, you have to baby sit EVERY SINGLE ATTACK. You will set up a front line, or a few front lines from multiple armies, then when you go take care of something else. You will come back to find that the AI decided to send 1 out of 12 divisions because of supply problems, leaving your ""front"" empty. The game does not know what to do when supply is low. Also, the AI also spends about 20% of its time moving units around. I wouldnt be surprised if I had a front line sitting for a couple weeks that wasn't entrenched at all, because the AI moves units around.The game needs to go back to beta testing..."
76561198185270711,Not Recommended,394360,32569059,Posted: 19 June,all,faggot,pardaox are greedy
76561198017368795,Not Recommended,394360,26040834,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,leboji33,"Designed and tested by the developers as a multiplayer game, the ai in the game is sometimes missing, lacking all the time, and usually behaves quite randomly. As a single player game, there is nothing to recommend it. As my first HoI game, I spent 62.5 hours learning the basics and restarting games after a couple years to try something new, with the assumption that once the war really kicked off globally it would be fun. As it is, I wish I could have refunded the game."
,Not Recommended,394360,32539130,Posted: 18 June,all,Literally just Kim Il-sung,Fun game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pricing and company behind it. Not much else needs to be said.
,Not Recommended,394360,32474500,Posted: 16 June,all,Awakas,"unnecessary long naval invade prep time, unnavalinvadable murica and england and those new prices? nah not worth the money btw this games very arcade not realistic like its saying there are deserts in turkey man that it impossible according to the world map etc.. dont buy it."
76561198050518927,Not Recommended,394360,32474634,Posted: 16 June,all,mctarabini,"The graphical improvments are neither particularly pretty nor useful. The impression is that the game has been made that much shallower... for those who liked the complexity of HOI3 (Gosh, even 2!), this game equates to a mobile port.I asked for a refund.N.B.: might be a good buy for those who haven't picked up one of the previous titles."
,Not Recommended,394360,32578720,Posted: 19 June,all,Send your friends Hentai,"Bought this game to leave a ""not recommend"" review.Don't buy it.Save yourself from feeling obligated to buy DLCs to have a better and fixed gameplay.This is unacceptable."
76561198020284183,Not Recommended,394360,23671472,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,4D chess,"Even years after they originally planned to release this game, it is still very flawed and buggy. The imbalances in the game, such as air combat, makes it basically unplayable. Another detraction is the fact that Paradox has become yet another politically correct company (or even worse: very red) these last years. This shines through this game as well. The quotes on loading screens and such are very often pointless and mere utterances about persons and personalities and devoid of any insights into anything at all. Example? How about a quote from Stalin calling Hitler a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when hearing he committed suicide. Quotes like this add nothing at all. It's mere ad hominem and added just because it was uttered by someone known.I remember HOI2. Not only was it great in terms of what such a game should be, but all quotes and events were presented in the manner of a professional historian - objectively. The only flaw with HOI2 was the censoring of flags. But that was it, really. Pictures of characters were much more realistic as well, and not the cartoony feel they have now.Meh, Paradox are yet another sellout among many others these days. I predict a new great company will emerge, because without old Creative Assemly and Paradox, there is now a huge vacuum in terms of intellectual strategy games for mature audiences."
,Not Recommended,394360,23439019,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,yellowmellow45,"I feel let down by Paradox, and have to say I was not impressed by the initial screenshots when this title was announced. I was, however, drawn in my the development diaries. Having seen the over-simplifications (the map has been absolutely butchered) and essentially arcade style additions, I have asked for a refund.It seems like Paradox are banking on their overly-hyped and relentlessly marketed DLCs to correct many of the issues that should have been resolved in the two years of development.I should add that I've been an HOI fan from the very first title, and remained a loyal customer.Incredibly disappointed."
76561198053503180,Not Recommended,394360,32519186,Posted: 17 June,all,Markusmarx,"Just protesting the DLC policy, ok game with mods tho."
76561198015534706,Not Recommended,394360,32713635,Posted: 23 June,all,Glendower,Horrific DLC Prices (which recently also rose in time for the summer sale) for content that should have been included in free patches.
,Not Recommended,394360,32709865,Posted: 23 June,all,Brian,"Been playing for ages. Just decided to try Italy with my new strategy. Going well, took France and met the German lines, getting ready to start my world conquest. Having quite a bit of fun, as always, then BAM. Straight to desktop. Well, this POS  crashes all the time so I am used to it, but this time I am done. It lost 3 #@%#%@# hours of gameplay because of that crash. Autosave is set to monthly, but the latest autosave is 3 hours old (2 years and some change I think ingame time). I was going to give the mods a shot after finishing world conquest with all the major powers, but #@$% it, not worth the headache with the crashfest going on.Skip it for ~2-5 years, as Paradox usual."
,Not Recommended,394360,31943336,Posted: 24 May,all,IICockroachII,"Lacks fundamental functions, such as purging equipment...This has been an issue for a very long time, once you hit 2 million equipment it turns into -2 million, it's like they let a bunch of kids code this game."
,Not Recommended,394360,32425579,Posted: 14 June,all,AdmiralKirk,blatent cash grab is blatent
76561198097328739,Not Recommended,394360,32491857,Posted: 16 June,all,allthesportsallthetime,Fun game but broken as all♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198081821114,Recommended,394360,32865329,Posted: 27 June,all,JPSG,"Despite the lacluster and terrible DLC, I wholeheartedly recommend this game if you're into historical and/or strategy games, It's much more acessible when compared to its predecessor, HOI 3, without sacrifing in complexity."
,Not Recommended,394360,35189108,Posted: 24 September,all,A Floating Shopping List,"Very disappointed, I was looking forward to this game and I cant even play it because it doesnt even start due to AMD driver mishaps, I tried to rollback to previous drivers to no avail. I would say if you have an AMD graphics guard then do not buy this game"
76561198108240285,Not Recommended,394360,24908616,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Der Panzerbär,"Have been HOI fan since the original title, it had a huge potential...mainly wasted.PRO:Good improvements in Diplomacy (AI seems to work nicely now...even if i've been waiting for an ""ultimatum"" offer to force small countries to one side or another since HOI 1).Nice Graphics (not that i give a S#it).Aircrafts are a bit better compared to previous editions.Research is nice again (HOI 3 research sucked).CONS:It's simply ""user enemy"" (unfriendly is not enough)...vital infos not on the first screen, no filter on informations coming,Naval invasions are a nightmare to plan and to execute, government focus boring (i got stuck half game and could not focus on anything else), internal politics just dead boring, atomic bombs are just useless (i love to destroy everything...but nothing happens! Troops unaffected, Production unaffected...WTF!). Experience to modify airplanes and divisions and naval is just pointlessl and it takes out fun from research.It looks like the game has been created not to allow the Axis to win, EVER.Too much importance to England: it's not the center of the world...England itself (without the rest of the UK) is far overestimated in importance and power.Military AI is simply not working, in 5 years the AXIS (used by AI) has not been able to launch a single invasion...not even easiest ones in the Mediterranean sea (WTF??).Now it's almost impossible to focus on infantry production, aircraft impact is slightly overestimated.Military plans: simply not working. Divisions keep moving for no reason back and forth...plans not really working...except when you got 10:1 ratio against the enemy. I know people get bored of moving every single unit, but it would be safer against the difficult opponents.I could write much more, but in the end i'm just disappointed."
,Not Recommended,394360,24957174,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,(Woc_Krehlmar,"A.I is♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer is horrible coded where even neighbours can desync and lag. And that's with to topnotch computers and swedish überinternet, and my neighbour and me still lag together...Wait for it to be on sale, at 20-30€ it'd be a great game for what is offered.But don't buy it if you expected HOI3+ because it's a very shallow game, with the A.I easily outmanouvered and conquered even by tiny nations."
76561197970419355,Not Recommended,394360,25008561,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Caalann,"This game needs work. At the moment it is much to easy, due to the AI having little sense in how to actually use its forces. I expect this to be fixed over time. Also, some very talented mod teams are working on follow up mods from the excellent ones for HoI3. At the moment though, can't recomend."
76561198012070686,Not Recommended,394360,25269330,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,chrisbergy,"After having invested quite a few hours in this game, I feel that I have a good take on it.  I was so excited for it that, at first, i generally liked it but alas it is seriously flawed.  Now I play as axis and mostly Italy.  I watched many videos on it and found Taureor's strategy makes it winnable.  However it feels like an exploit and is strictly land based.  Without it you are dependant on Germany.  Ther in lies a problem.  Every, and I mean every time I play as Italy or Japan, Germany declares war on the world and dies a quick death.  I mean it can't even take France.  Now you have invested 3 hours in prepping for WWII only to have Germany suck.  One time I dragged Germany to 1941, I conquered France and North Africa.  Then got in a rediculously repetative, game of micromanagement.  France, without the benefit of industry sent metric tons of divisions (along with GB). Through Cental Africa.  LOL even the US sending volunteer Divisions landed 1 in Jerusalem of all places.  Squarely in the middle of my occupied territory, with no enemy border, no airfield within range and the Med closed.  It appeared there out of supply and quickly died, but come on really?The UI is good....and bad.  Managing industry and production is great, but forget about splitting up a large navy into smaller ones it is 45 mins to an hour.  Supply, resource management, and diplomacy is straight forward.  Focus tree is ok except when a country no longer exists and still carries out a focus.  Or conquering say Austria and 3 monts later have Germany, your ally, Anschluss it from you.AI AI AI really blows. The afore mentioned suicidal Germany, delares war on Poland (France and UK declare)...ok I'm in; then in succesion,  Benelux countries (understandable), then Denamrk (uhm uh oh!), then Norway, Sweden and USSR (ok uhm....NO way to win).  Germany slows down there as there are no other counttries to declare.The Arrow battle plans are a waste of time.  Troops stand around, ignore decidely favourable attacks and while advancing a bit generally spend most of the time sending divisions from one end of the line to another.  As the afore mentioned example in Africa, if you give a a battle plan the troopa absolutely will not move without micromanagement.  That while comp AI moves them all well right across the Sahara....i mean really?However there is room for growth here and Paradox is behind it.  It feels unfinished and honestly not as good IMHO as HOI3, at this point in time.Pros:Diplomacy is okNational Focus....nice bit of the countries flavorSupply is straight forward and understandableDevision Design is goodFactory, infrastructure and resources undestandableI like factories as currencyUI is good in some areasCons:Air combat is very abstract...i find it meh doableI dont lie DOWing a country and have them on the ropes and then they join the Allies.National focus for deceased countries lolWould be nice for countries to have idependant research trees.Being able to march troops though central Africa through Sahara.  The Sahara should be as it is.....impassableAIAIAI....makes the game a FAIL!This is just my opinion as i have read many favourable reviews here, and innitially I like it as well.  I, sincerely, hope this helps some or all....cheers!"
,Not Recommended,394360,26056762,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Shallots,"Wow! What a wonderful strategy game! I really hope Paradox doesn't butcher this one like they did with EU4...Oh, what's that? Paid features? So they're not even going to bother calling it ""expansions"" anymore? How wonderful."
76561198043685721,Not Recommended,394360,26229586,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Atreides,"TLDR: The game can be fun at times, but because of aspects of it being underdeveloped, prepare for many frustrations.Edit partly through a playthrough as China:-The frontline bug seems to happen if s front get's split. A ridiculously high part of the troops get sent one way (sometimes even to unreachable encircled areas), leaving huge holes in the other area. Also peninsulas and such are not always recognized as land connections.-If for example you invade Denmark from Sweden as China, with fully developed infrastructure through Russia, the AI will regardless sent all the suplies over sea instead of over the strait between Malmö and Kopenhagen. Not suspecting this and focussed on another part of the front, I found half a million of my men overrun (instead of Northern Germany occupied by me) and an already long game protracted with probably another few years.The AI should be improved and/or an option added to redirect supply routes.-The late game is underdeveloped. With 40 million losses as China and an equivalent by the the rest of the world (apart from previous wars with also many millions of casualties on all sides) there is no sign of anyone having manpower-problems. The late game is basically just making one big frontline, having a war of attrition and moving the frontline very slowly forward...World War 1 basically, not World War 2.Also especially the AI-Allies will make tens of thousands of planes, besides still having enough IC to make vehicles and equipment.My negative review stands for now, for even though the game can be fun, having entire armies overrun because of aspects of the game being underdeveloped (despite the game having been delayed a long, long time to prevent this) thus ruining many hours of gameplay is sloppy. This needs to be improved and once again, not by paid content.Here some more pictures to illustrate the review:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=803339501http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=803339578----------------------------------------------------Though the first hours are fun, bad AI and some bugs start being a major annoyance after a few runs. I've added some screenshots to illustrate this.Seeing these things happen after a careful buildup of hours (especially the AI frontline bugs), makes singleplayer feel like wasted time. Defeating the Soviet Union and Allies as Germany in the first try should have been a sign when I made my first (then positive) review that the AI is insufficiently developed. Hopefully this will be fixed by patches (and by that I don't mean paid features).http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=785967206http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=787457520http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=787457486http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=787457583http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=787457627http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=787457545"
,Not Recommended,394360,25632552,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,[WM]JSRh1no,"For most of the game I have a lot of fun until the glitches start. Then I can't seem to even do a simple naval invasion. Keeps coming up with some of the division is not in place, yet by this point I know what I am doing and its wrong. I really like this game when it works, but it sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥when it doesn't. And its a sure thing that it will glitch on you."
76561198021387308,Not Recommended,394360,32434787,Posted: 15 June,all,Curly,DLC is too $$$
,Not Recommended,394360,32455262,Posted: 15 June,all,Fascist Pigdog,DLC piece of shbt
,Recommended,394360,23434012,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Spitfire,"The best Hearts of Iron game by far, and probably the best WWII grand strategy ever. The design is particularly elegant, and amount of micromanagement has been greatly reduced compared to previous installments.A brimming box of possibilities!"
,Not Recommended,394360,32511063,Posted: 17 June,all,Uu_U,"Scummy DLC policy - literally reposting FREE steam workshop items as PAID DLCModders don't get a cut, all just goes to Paradox.There are also AI issues, but there is a good workshop mod that resolves it to some extent.It's a good game, but stay WAY AWAY from the DLC, it is not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,394360,33020374,Posted: 29 June,all,Pira,Made for casuals. It's almost like they don't give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about the old hoi fans and instead focussed on downgrading the game more than they should have.
,Not Recommended,394360,31663065,Posted: 10 May,all,Anhk94,"Terrible AI is basically why I cant recommend this, and im not talking game breakingly bad, you can play this game happily for hours then just encounter how awful the AI and some combat mechanics are, and you just feel like youve wasted your time."
76561198038186155,Not Recommended,394360,26124009,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FirebatTom,"Game is awesome. BUT! Peace treaty system is utterly broken so it ruins the ending of every game.They need to fix, I'll swap my review to positive when they fix that massive bug that should have been a deal breaker before releasing the game. There are literally 1000s of forum comments about this... (hint hint - fire your QA team for missing their on nose on their face)."
,Recommended,394360,34962015,Posted: 14 September,all,ΣＬΣＴＲＩＫ,yes
76561198028728156,Not Recommended,394360,23678176,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Omniqist,"I've played the Crusader kings gaames as well as Stellaris and cities skylines and usually enjoy the depth in Paradox games. This one is just completely lacking in features and depth with most countires not being felshed ot at all with no unique features.The whole thing feels very bare-bones, similar to the sims 4, as a set up to make you pay for a large amount of DLC down the line when that content should really have been included in the base game.Overall I don't think it is good value for the price.May be worh buying in a future sale when bundled with future DLC, several years from now."
,Recommended,394360,23460797,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Dixie Fräulein,"This came out on 10:00, June 6th for me.I have 32.7 hours on it, out of the 62 hours that passed since release.To put this simply: More than half the time since this game came out, has been time spent playing the game.Do I need to say more?EDIT: So now I have a good 150ish hours in the game. While I didn't play HOI 3 much, there is ALOT of♥♥♥♥♥♥missing that SHOULD be in the game.The tech trees are so dumbed down that they make Crusader Kings 2 look good. One thing I distinctly remember from HOI 3 is being able to put various degrees of effort into tech at the expense of things like officer training and diplomatic influence. Which means EVEN GREECE could've attempted to pursue higher up tech if it would give up everything else, and just maybe it'd be able to catch up with the countries that had more capabilities. In this game, its all about who has the most tech boosts and slots unlocked from national focuses, not about a country's effort or capability. Trade is absolutely disgusting, you might have a surplus of tungsten being thrown away when there are about 50 other countries that would have traded for it, while the steel you so desperately need for armament production gets ""exported"" into oblivion. Instead of trading resources for money which you can buy other resources with, other nations will simply throw one of their civilian factories at you and then take 8 of your resources without even letting you know beforehand. When you want to import some♥♥♥♥♥♥from them in order to get your revenge, you CANT because they happen to be on the other side of the planet and are too lazy to lend any of their three hundred thousand billion convoys to give YOU resources. Actually, WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I HAVE TO USE MMMYYYY CONVOYS? THEY have the resources, THEY bring it to me! Can't that be arranged? Its not like the United States imports anything anyways! So in your attempt to make convoys to be able to get some oil from those burger-eating yanks, you realize you dont have enough steel! So now you have to import from someone in order to get the ability to import from someone else! And don't even think about making synthetic factories, all of those resources will be shipped off to the Non-Aligned country Nowhere. But if you think you can CONQUER land for your import-needing♥♥♥♥♥to haul resources out of. THINK AGAIN. If you're a Fascist like me, by the time you even think about looking on the resources mapmode the UK and France have already guaranteed every nation in a planet's radius of you. In fact, the computer your using right now has already been guaranteed by the United Kingdom, and its only a matter of time before your chair♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to the Allies and brings in legions of British troops to anally♥♥♥♥♥♥you with. Don't ask your legs to move you off the chair, because in the piece treaty they'll probably try to puppet your hard drive. You COULD try to annex those legs of yours, but they're a caribean island, so the United States will intervene. Why not import oil from someone else then? Silly lad, ever since you won that civil war you've been the leading causer of world tension, so EVERYONE hates you. In fact, the only reason the USA likes you is because you've been improving relations and boosting party popularity ever since you became fascist. But lets just assume you get your♥♥♥♥♥out of this mess and end up conquering half the world. Whats that? You're not even in the top 30? Oh, thats because you didn't sell your soul to Satan in order to get the 200+ military factories and resources you need to spam fighters. What do you mean thats not an event? Well then, explain to me how the United Kingdom has, with an industry score of 120, 1st place with an army score of 40, navy score of 9, and air force score of OVER NINE THOUSAND. And actually, why does the USSR have a navy score of 15? They only have 40 ships, and the UK has 300+! Its based off of the number of naval armies you have? So if I play as Siam and spam single-submarine navies in my naval base, I can have the highest naval score by 1945? EASY. Or better yet, if I just spam fighters as Switzerland, I'll have the 1st place score secured by 1940!I paid 90$ for this game... And what did I get? A game worse than the mods made for it."
,Not Recommended,394360,29128609,Posted: 8 January,all,King Dario,"The only game where I regret every hour I put into it. I payed 50 bucks and I got almost 100 hours out of it and easily could have gotten more If I didn't play the other HOI games and realize just how bare bones this was. If you want an actual World War Two GS game then play HOI2 or 3 or Darkest Hour. I cannot recommend this to anyone because of just how many steps Paradox has taken backwards. In the game you are supposed to group togerther your troops and actually press a button to win a war. That is not GS, that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Everything is simplified to the max, there's a fraction of the feutures that are in the previous games, and overall I just don't like it, it simply isn't a good game. To the new player it's an average game, to the Paradox veteran it's a travesty. Don't buy even if it's on sale, it isn't worth your time or money."
76561198054902584,Not Recommended,394360,24381062,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,♨TEA.UP®♨ Weathering Steel Doge,"PROS:- history.- easy to understand the game.CONS:- everything will become messy with tons of unit tags and battle plans. It is really frustrating for someone who is new to the series like me.- nuke doesn't make any big different. you nuke a country servertal times and it still fights.- lack of information on battle plan, I think it is over simplified.- infractructure takes too much time to build, there is no way to make it cope with the growing size of your army. There must be an option to supply with air drop.- ugly interface.- shallow game compared to the price tag. Small countries are nothing in the game, their stuff are generic even the generals' portraits."
,Not Recommended,394360,28407133,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[ODST] Le Bleu,http://store.steampowered.com/app/25890/
,Not Recommended,394360,32527473,Posted: 17 June,all,KBz | ♚LordSlayaton♚,"Could've been as deep as Vicky 2, but they made it flat and shallow. and then raised the price, plus DLC for ever."
76561198199927082,Not Recommended,394360,32422667,Posted: 14 June,all,Marshie,"Lacking content, and just awful."
76561197995183269,Not Recommended,394360,32412265,Posted: 14 June,all,Randomletters,"Paid mods return in the guise of Death or Dishonor!, $10 for four focus trees. Ignore the fact that a focus tree is a couple of text files that it would take a halfway competent intern an hour to make and that there are a few dozen higher quality ones already available on the workshop and it's a great deal!"
76561198089598576,Not Recommended,394360,32529932,Posted: 18 June,all,gamboge daedric potato,Hobart is on the wrong side of Tasmania0/10 would not play again.
76561198028720191,Not Recommended,394360,23434955,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,azorthefirst,"I wish I could like this game. I really do, but at the moment everyone should wait to buy until Paradox fixes the completely broken AI. How in the heck is China doing Naval landing in Tokyo Bay in 1940? Are you joking? I understand wanting to make the game more of a ""sandbox"" instead of ramming the history down our throat, but there has to be some kind of balance. As it stands the game is nearly unplayable just from the AI perspercive, not to mention the other glaring flaws and cut corners. I wonder if Paradox will try to sell us the fix with ""DLC"". Only 19.99!"
76561198007460533,Not Recommended,394360,23610784,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Gadshill,"Really disliked.  Tried for 30 hours, just couldn't get into it.  Many aspects of the UI and presentation are poorly done, even for a HOI game.  Felt like it was fighting me and hiding information from me that I really need in order to enjoy the operational aspects of the game as well as the preparation for war.Normally, I play paradox games to force myself to learn different aspects of history that I don't know.  However, this game just allows you to go in any direction you want, there is no constraint on the player due to the forces of history.  Want to make your nation change ideology to cozy up to your strong neighbor?  Sure not a problem, just click over here, wait and it is done.  Immersion is lost because the player is not held accountable to the populace or forced to work with the strengths and weaknesses of the members of the cabinet or war department or leading industries in your nation (which you now hand select, one by one as you gain ""political points"").Maybe I'm not the target demographic anymore, but it feels to me to be way too gamey and free-form for a WW II grand strategy game.  I'll try again in July to see if there is charm that I am missing, but hanging it up for the rest of this month."
76561198070177578,Recommended,394360,23434870,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,𓃣 Cmdr. Bill [HMS Basilisk] 𓃣,"Battle planner is too abstract, but good industry"
76561198030393157,Not Recommended,394360,23432965,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Streptokok,"2 quickish games played for a bit of a testing and tutoring myself before i go play multiplayer with my brother...And the conclusion is:Dissapointing game compared to HOI3.Basicly a dumber and simpler version of HOI3 (inspite the mechanic for production of weapons for divisons)  that will hopefully not crash as much.Now onto playing multiplayer and see if it crashes or desynces like HOI3 or they actualy fixed some stuff.....--------------Multiplayer is going to happen today, brother was busy at work.As for the singleplayer I still cant recomend this game over HOI3 :(Air combat is a mistery, random 3d models of planes flying around the map, the animations dont represent anything afaik and if they do its so clutered theres no way of telling what is going on.Only indicator that you get is ""Enemy has air superiority in xx region"" if you are loosing the air combat. And thats it. No reasons why is this happening, is the enemy just outnumbering me, does he have better pilots, better planes???Oh man they went backwards on this big time.Land unit organization:No more nicely done army groups, just some lame pink marker armies that have only a army level commander (general) and that is it. No brigades, corpses, army groups, nothing :(Stripped down version of HOI3.A division can somehow have 1 to i think 16 brigades??? (or are these battalions?)LOLSo when you see a stack of 3 enemy divisions it could be that he has between 3 and 48 brigades not counting support battalions.....Land combat:Stacking penalties? What stacking penalties?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=700266054Sea combat would be the only + this game would get (tactical view and after battle report) except that while playing as Germany my navy decided to randomly undock and go on suicide missions on their own even they had the order to stay put in the port.Only THAT little problem gives it -  :)------------------------------------Mutiplayer... You guessed it right, they f****d it up. After 30min of gameplay this happend:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=700479092Can i get a refund on prepurchased game?"
76561198090686152,Not Recommended,394360,23552217,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,shivablast2022,"Easy to get into, easy to win. Fun, but lacking any of the depth of strategy I look for in Paradox. Step 1: Build an economy. Step 2: ?????? Step 3: World conquest. Even ""regular"" is too easy because the AI responds to threats the same way Punxsutawney Phil does.TL;DR- Meh. Fun, but I plan to hop into HOI3 as my appetite for deep war has been whet.Diplo- Diplomacy is bonkers, USSR gets crushed because they are already in a faction and don't want to team up with the much more powerful Communist States of America. Japan declared war on CSA, but Germany just watches as the CSA curb stomps the Japanese Navy and takes over. Proceed to curb stomp German forces without ever crossing the Atlantic. UK watches everything before getting swallowed. 10/10 would make entire planet red again.Research/Focus- Why can I complete out the entire trees easily? I feel there should be some sacrifices. With 5 research slots, it's too easy to be up to date on almost everything and the techs end too early. My jet fighters are currently mocking the enemy Fighter II's. Finished focus tree every play through super early.Troop movement- If you have a common enemy, you can put your troops wherever you like...... then declare war! Also AI likes to go insane and embark your troops on a long route around the continent rather than knock over that 1 division in the way. Notice it one tick later? Too bad! They're embarked, better assign some fleets to the area.Naval battle- What the hell is going on? Are my Battleships underpowered or am I lacking screens? Are my subs being effective? The feedback is very underwhelming and makes it hard to adjust strategy beyond ""Hahahah, now my death stack is unstoppable.""Air battle- Decent enough. Would like to be able to assign fighter wings to escort specific bomber wings, as it seems this would be the ""escort"" part. Also, aces are nice, but seem underwhelming.Troop battle- Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the AI is dumb. Hey, push forward here...... 4 months later my troops haven't budged, just let wave after wave of Japanese infantry keep attacking. Well, let's save and try pushing my troops forward on this side...... and that was easy. Why didn't the AI do ANYTHING I told it to? And yes, 65 divisions were assigned to the front line AND the offensive front."
,Recommended,394360,25519160,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,GodEmperorTrump,>be me>been watching videos of hoi4 for past few months>get game cause i fall in love with it>decide to play as Germany on 1st try cause why not>start 1936>everything is going well>declare war on Poland in 1941 cause I wanted Panzer III>Win in less than a month in PolandFrance leaves allies and goes commie joining Comintern>♥♥♥♥>that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Bulgaria declares war on Greece and they join comintern>lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥>go around Maginot and capture Paris>take all of Eastern Poland and moving into Belarus>hopes high>get stalled on both fronts>sheeeeeeiiiiiitttt>keep trying for few months and nothing happens so I end game>not done yet>start in 1939>declare war on Poland in 1940>take France swiftly this time>yesssssssssssssssss>dabbin on these hoes>challenge the Brits in English Channel NAVALLY>I HAVE NAVAL SUPREMACY AND AIR SUPIERORITY>launch Sea Lion thinking itll fail>capture LONDON with paratroopers and secure port>kill UK>Reminder its only October of 1940>I anal allies in peace conference>time for MOTHER RUSSIA AND LIVING ROOM>declare war in March 1941>steam rollin>at gates of Moscow in AUGUST>capture it then Stalingrad and Leningrad>mfs wont capitulate>take random♥♥♥♥♥♥>On December the 12th of 1941 the USSR capitulates>take everything>tfw I had an easier time taking Moscow than Paris>I should have been ruler of Germany>WHO DO I PLAY AS NOW?????>You a real nig if you read this all>buy the game if you fantasize an Axis world
76561198087592153,Recommended,394360,23513180,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jack Layton with a Vengeance,"Hearts of Iron 4 steps away from the third installment in the HOI series. Yes, the gameplay offered is simplier than HOI 3, streamlining many features and removing the complex chain of command and tech features. However, the game still offers a fun experience, that is far less overwhelming than HOI3. Hearts of Iron 4's strength does not come from complex historic recreation, but form ulternate histories, creative features and rewarding experiences. that creates tons replayability. HOI4 is not a true Grand Strategy, but innovates by combining the best elements of grand strategy with the best elements of simplier strategy games.The Pros+The UI is lightyears ahead of the clunky fullscreen menus of HOI3+Logisitics and equipment are presented a concise manner, requiring planning but its also easy to manage+Division Designer makes for great customization and works well with the logisitc and production system+The concept of Battleplans allows players to focus on the Grand Strategy aspect of the game without micromanaging units.+Creating Variants give a degree of personalization to the game, not seen in the dry techinical production system in HOI3.+Army, Navy, and Air Force experience is meaningful and is a improvement over the Theoretical and Practical tech system in HOI3, and is made meaningful with Variants, Division Designer and its need to recruit generals/Admiral's.+The art style is appealing and coloured portraits add vibrance to figures+National Focus trees provide some guidance for new players to Paradox titles.+The map is vibrant, unlike Crusader Kings 2 or Victoria 2 where the lack of moving makes the game feel stagnat.The Cons-The lack of a chain of command system erks me, there is simply a theatre, and you cannot develop Corps. This mechanic would have added immense depth to the battleplan system, and made for much better simulation. Being Able to make Corps of six units, and then assign them to a army would feel far more realistic.-The main flaw of the battleplan system is that you simply draw a line and the AI will do the rest. There is no way to spilt armies after a objective, and this system is lacking for developing long term war goals-The tech tree is stramlined and doesn't offer the immense level of customization seen in HOI3-Unlike other paradox titles, the campaigns are far to short. I have already played through a Canadian campaign, and part of an American and German campaign.-Air Force Generals cannot be assigned to WingsFor experienced Paradox players like myself (500 or 1000 hours plus) this game offers new ideas and moves in a new direction for other titles, that said, it lacks the challenge and immense depth of HOI3 and the learing curve is a little to easy. For newer players this offers an experience similar to many other strategy games, and is a great introduction before moving to more complex titles (ie the 9 Ph.D's needed to manage Victoria 2's conomic system). I hope some of the flaws are patched in updates or DLC's, however, I am also worried that we will see the ridiculous amount of DLC seen in EU4. Most of all this game is fun, I throughly enjoy exploring the alternate histories you can experience with this title-What if America had never joined the Allies, What if Nazi Germany hadn't invaded the Soviet Union? Hearts of Iron 4 lets us live these fanasties in numerable ways, and there lies its strength as a game."
,Not Recommended,394360,23439604,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Deus,"Constant naval invasions, it would be fine if there was a way for you to stop them when they're happening, but the new transport system doesn't allow it.Units out of supplies shouldn't be able to fight, instead of just getting a 33.3% penalty to attack and defense, is a tank with no fuel and ammo just 33.3% less effective than one that has both?Until they add transport ships back in and make supplies actually matter, the game is a no go, it's fun if you like arcade game where all you do is draw a line and watch your units move towards it, feels nothing like a real gsg."
76561198030920829,Recommended,394360,23715946,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,norfolk.traveller,"My first impression of Hearts of Iron IV was pretty bad - garishly coloured map with little toy solders wandering around.  'They've turned my beloved Hearts of Iron into a kids game' were the words crossing my lips as I panned around the map.I almost had to force myself to play.  I'm glad I did!The first hook was the production system.  After receiving a message that the Italians had air supremacy over the Central Mediterranean, I panned the map and soon realised my airbase at Malta was still flying Gladiators!  These old fighters were getting pummelled by more modern aircraft.  I checked what factories I had producing Hurricanes and could see the weekly numbers coming out of the factories were far too low.  I retooled other factories to increase Hurricane production and prioritised them to go straight to Malta.  These are the decisions I should be making in my position as CiC of my counties war effort.  The game's production system throws lots at challenges at you throughout the war and they are all fun and interesting to think about, and they all read like they're straight out of a WWII history book.Next Hook - battleplans.  They are rather rudimentary at present and can easily go wrong or get confused.  But, in essance, you can control the overall thrust of your armies without ordering individual units .   If you want to order individual units you can, and once they have carried out your orders they return to the battleplan.  For playing a country like the UK, where you could be overseeing fighting in the Far East, Middle East and Europe, they are a godsend.  No longer do you have to concentrate on one threatre and worry you are getting hammered somewhere else in the world.  It's certainly a good idea to keep a check on what your troops are doing with their battleplans, and to reset them from time to time, but at least you can be relieved of some micromanagement duties.  I think that over time Paradox will make battleplans a lot better.  There are already improvements coming in the 1st patch that sound like they will help.Next Hook - see battles.  There are a lot of things with sea battle that annoy me, most notibly the doom stacks of navies, forcing the player to use his own doomstacks.  I also don't like seeing 'fleets' with Carriers, Battleships and Subs in the same fleet (if that's what they are)  Every nation seems to want to re-create Jutland - whereas, in reality most naval engagements in WWII were between far small numbers of ships.  However, in the hope that Paradox will address this issue, the basics of naval engagements are very sound and they are interesting to watch.  Aircraft, big ships, screens, subs and transports are all displayed on a map and a text display will tell you who is firing at who.  It's very interesting to watch each navel battle.  A definite step up from previous HOI titles.Next Hook - air warfare.  Although it seems a little basic at first (and this will doubtless be filled by a DLC at some point in the future) the air war actually works quite well.  After assigning aircraft to their roles you can see which areas are contested and are able to watch the number of aircraft change as casualties mount and replacements are brought in.  The areas that aircraft operate in are huge (just one for the whole of southern England) but this keeps things simpler for the AI and for the player.  In my UK game I actually witnessed a 'Battle of Britain' where the Luftwaffe seriously attacked the south of England, followed by other regions.  I had to re-deploy fighters to various bases, hoping to avoid inefficient coverage for my shorter ranged fighters, and at times the numbers were quite on the edge with the Luftwaffe deploying more than 700 fighters and bombers over the south of England and me managing to field some 8-900 to eventually wear them down.  Despite being relatively simple (as it was foughter over just 2-3 regions) it was the most interested and closest 'Battle of Britain' I've experience in a HOI game.  I really look forward to this being fleshed out further.There are many other great features in the game and Paradox has really tried to make WWII mamageable with some of the tedious details streamlined, leaving the player to concentrate on interesting decisions and decisions more appropriate to the CiC level of command the player is assuming.  There are things from previous HOI games I miss, but overall I am enjoying playing HOI4 more than any previous version.I would add that in theory HOI3 was my perfect game.  If that game were described to me I would be certain it would be my perfect game.   Unfortunately, in reality, I played it less than any other HOI game.  The first time I played, I really enjoyed changing the OOB so I had my armies exactly as I wanted them.  The next time I played (still learning the game) I was less impressed to do the same changes all over again) and following on from that I would actually not want to start a new game because I knew I would have to spend hours changing the OOB to fit my plans.Despite my love of HOI4 and the way the series has evolved - there are major problems at release.  In most of my games, Italy attacks France way before Germany declares war.  In real life that would never have happened.  I've also seen Germany not declare war on USSR until late 1942 and then remove all it's divisions from the border to declare war on, and attack, Yugoslavia!  I've fought Japanese troops in Africa, had Italy conduct a naval invasion of France from the English Channel. The list goes on, and it's all rather depressing.  The AI is ok in a limited area and time frame, but when unleashed across so many countries, over so long a period, it's only a matter of time before some immersion shattering event happens.  I can cope with this as I learn the game and enjoy the new mechanics, but it will soon get very frustrating and needs to be sorted out ASAP.  (And that is no easy challenge)So, I think HOI4 is great..  When I've played as the UK, it gives me a perfect amount of decision making without too many of those 'I can't really be bothered' things to do.  I can pan around the map and watch the war effort, tuning into more detail where I see fit.  I can correct issues, play with production, design new divisions and then delve into what is happening to the Desert Rats in Aftica, while watching my subs in the med attacking convoys supplying Italian troops.  I also applaud the Paradox devs for their forward thinking, and not just churning out the same game with some revisions, but actually trying to do something new.  There's a lot that new in HOI4 and it's going to work really well.  I'd like to buy whoever designed the production system a beer!It does need to be fixed though.  It was probably released 6 months too soon, but I'm glad it was, because, despite the problems, I've having a fantastic time playing it and am happy to be along for the ride as the patches and then DLC refine it into what it should be, and then what it could be, with this brilliant base game they have designed."
,Not Recommended,394360,23437491,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Mogmau,"Very basic elements you'd expect from a Hearts of Iron title are not present in this game. It feels like a shell.Releasable nations are a bare minimum. Previously you could release states like Algeria, Ukraine, Belarus. None of these now exist, limiting you in the ways you could reshape the world.No 'release puppet' mechanic, making it virtually impossible to spread your ideology accross liberated colonies or balkanised states.Distinct lack of flavour. The research put into previous titles has been discarded, and a wealth of images and historical events have been brushed aside. Many historical figures now have a generic portrait, losing their character.All in all, this game is a what is usually described as a ""world painter"". There's not much past annexing everything."
76561198054145322,Not Recommended,394360,23452160,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Vou comer duas véias,"Not recomending because in the current state the AI is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, will change when AI gets a big improvement."
,Not Recommended,394360,23513079,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,JohnnyRico2007,"Good God, what garbage!1. The game starts minimized in Win 10. Clicking the tab wont maximize it. Took I while, but i figured if I switch the graphics setting to Borderless window instead of full screen, then it works.2. The game balance is complete garbage. With Germany I can help beat Republican Spain, Poland works ok. Then when WWII starts in earnest it turns into WWI. huge lines of armies facing each other and neither can break though. Maybe my units are bad, but as far as I can tell they're tech'd up and upgraded. Maybe I need more units, but my manpower is at 0!  Between making units and the trench warfare meatgrinder, I run out of manpower around 1941.Here is a good one: Guderian inventor of blitzkrieg and modern combinaed armed tactics, skill level 4. Rommel,4. Some Chinese general skill 7!, Jpanase general, 6.3. AI is garbage. I've seen a single unit of nationalist Spanish infantry attack, by itself, into the Maginot line, against 10 French troops, entrenched, in a fort! Then reinforce, rinse... repeat... I helpedJapan fight in China, to gain XP for my units. Made quite a difference with only 5 units, kept encircling small chinese armies and anihilating them. Eventually the stalemate started to break and the war turned in our favor. Japan and my 5 units took over 60-70% of China when Japan joined the Axis. this bizarrely forces your volunteer units to go home. 3 years later Japan and China were in the exact same trenches, attacking each other and neither making any progress.4, Interface is garbage. Sometimes I have no idea what clicking somethin does, or why you need to ddo it. A lot of trial and error to figure it out. In my first game, I coulnt figure out how to launch my planes... needless to say my fleet got anihilated without air cover.5. Immersion is garbage.  In previous HOIs I lovedthe events, which had consequences depending on the choices you made. Thats gone. Now you chose an event, you click it, it happens 70-200 days later. Research is the same way.Military orders are the same way, youre not giving orders, more like general guidelines and the (crappy) AI takes it from there.For some reason I paid 40$ for this, even if I knew that Paradox does garbage liek this with every game. They sell you a product for you to beta test for them for free. But here is the funny part (they do this every game too) they will fix it in the nextpatch, which they'll sell you for 14,99. Of course not all of it, because then they couldnt sell you another patch later.Not worth your 40$, or the frustration, or the time youre gonna spend on it. If youre curious. pick it up in the bargain bin at Christmas."
76561198057918559,Recommended,394360,23492849,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tours732,"""I get to be myself again! Best strategy game of 2016!""Adolf Hitler, Chancellor of Germany"
76561198133684571,Not Recommended,394360,23531778,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,xzy1997123,"Comapred with the new mechanism of ""lack of supply"" with that of HOI3, I don't understand why could a army without supply recover and keep fighting. And an army have just no supply could even attack and defend! With what? Their fists?"
,Recommended,394360,34605294,Posted: 30 August,all,QhDMm187,You can play as Hitler.
,Recommended,394360,23475546,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,BlackSmoke,"If I had to do a rating only taking in consideration complexity... It would look like this:(Games from Steam but also having copies from Paradox, Matrix, and Gamersgate)(All played more than 200+ hours, some more than 1000+/2000+ hours...)(HoI3, Panzer Corps (Panzer General), EU3 even more than 5000+ hours)Complexity definition to create this rating is as follows:Number of different concepts/rules to learnInterrelation between different game concepts/rulesNumber of options to choose from (type of different weapons, technologies, diplomacy, economy, production, etc...)COMPLEXITYComplexityGame100World in Flames (Australian Design Group - Computer version, No AI)80Hearts of Iron Black ICE65SuperPower 260Hearts of Iron 350Hearts of Iron 445Europa Universalis 340Total War Series35Gary Grigsby's World at War: A World Divided15Star Wars: Rebellion10Panzer Corps2Commander: Europe at War1RiskI have been waiting for HoI4 for two years, and it has been a disappointment... Why? I love HoI series, and I like HoI4 but less than expected. I was hoping an evolution of HoI3, a more advanced HoI3 with improvements and nice and friendly GUI. More elaborated in aspects like diplomacy, commerce, espionage, etc. What I have received it's more a RTS game not as deep and inmersive than HoI3. More oriented to players who like nice graphics and fast playing. In HoI3 you can feel like being really in charge of a nation in almost all the aspects of the game. HoI4 is clearly much more casual (capped). To me, the main difference between a wargamer player and a RTS player it's playing speed. A wargamer will stop to think and elaborate plans much more than a RTS player more oriented to produce and storm lots of troops against enemies. HoI series was unique for wargamers, now it has lost some of the magic that made it so special.Points changed:Strategic/Tactic Info available: worse than HoI3 (capped)Visual display/control of units on map: worse than HoI3 (capped)Creation/Rearrangment of units: Worse than HoI3 (capped)Overall economic system: Worse than HoI3 (capped)Overall political system: Worse than HoI3 (capped)Overall diplomacy system: worse than HoI3 (capped)Overall espionage system: No espionage (removed)Battle plans: Good try if it could work much betterMusic: NiceCounters: Yes, there are basic NATO counters... but not as I was hoping (HoI3 was perfect). You should be able to perceive visually if a unit is a battalion, regiment, brigade, division, corps, army, army group... Also you should be able to attach/detach units from battalion to army groups like HoI3 and change their assignment to another division i.e., also no commanders for minor entities like corps...Map: Nice but more simple than HoI3, lack of visible province names(Also note distractions on map with lots of things moving and disturbing.)Etc...For hardcore wargamers it's as a break after playing more complex games. If you are tired of complexity and you want some relaxation you can try HoI4 for a certain time.Achievements are a good adding that encourage to try new possibilites and select countries that you never would choose.FINAL NOTE:it's NOT the same as HoI series was, but not entirely a bad game. I enjoyed watching aberrations around the entire map like watching a fantasy movie, I even let thet game to play alone while I'm in passive mode, I laugh a lot but finally boredom and a certain degree of disappointment with Paradox.  There are a lot of bugs, even when Paradox used to work hard in the past to solve as many of them, this time they decided to go to vacation after launch letting alone the players with a bugged game.(Sorry, broken english)"
76561198116349202,Recommended,394360,32954808,Posted: 28 June,all,Ernst Menende Man Willem,"Great game overall but the DLC's are quite low on content.But when I hosted a game the DLC was on for some reason even though I didnt own it,when I later tried to rehost the game due to it being unable to start because of a bug related to hotjoining I was unable to because the game realised I didnt have the DLC.10/10 Job Paradox"
76561198073430344,Not Recommended,394360,32926746,Posted: 28 June,all,excr,"Many reviewers are complaining, quite rightly, about the atrocious DLC and pricing policy - but if you're considering buying Hearts of Iron 4 (Hoi4),don't let that mask how flawed this game is. It's complexity means that by the time you've worked out how to play and realised how deeply broken it is, you won't be able to get your refund.Hoi4 is a gimmicky (cartoon generals and flashy day/night graphics) and shallow (divisions have no more value than plastic soldiers in a game of risk) WW2 game, topped with one of the worst combat AIs around.One of the main features, 'focus trees' for the main nations, is railroady, forcing you to take action at fixed times or promoting silly alternate history paths without any sense of depth (click a few buttons, make the UK be communist).Hoi3 suffered from too much tedious micromanagement, and the developers' ""solution"" was to remove the Order of Battle (OOB) system, which separated your military into divisions, corps, armies and army groups - and was the game's strongest point. Not only the OOB add realism and immersion, it allowed the AI to cope with large fronts at once and for the player to take control of one area of fighting. Now this is gone, divisions have no real meaning at all - they can be produced in the hundreds and thrown away at will because you can always pump out more, making the game feel arcadey.The Ai is beyond bad. Seriously. It is totally inept at maintaining a front line, which was bad enough at release - and it has hardly improved at all. There's no reward at all in encircling and wiping out the static and unresponsive AI, which still can't prioritise what it needs to defend properly. Hoi3's AI was more fun to play against.The balance is horrific and a year after release, gameplay feels unpolished and like a beta. Youneedmods to add content and bring the game experience to a decent standard.ConclusionHearts of Iron 4 (Hoi4) could've been fantastic - taking the complexity and depth of its predecessor, Hoi3, and making it beautiful and accessible by toning down the most tedious aspects of that game. Hoi4 was released late and so full of bugs it was essentially unplayable. It quickly became apparent that it wasn't going to be fixed with free updates. I used to think it would reach its potential after 3/4 years of successive, espensive DLC - which was a pretty low expectation anyway.It's now becoming clearer that it will probably never reach its potential, as glaring problems with balance and the AI remain unadressed and the developers release tiny DLCs ('expansions' they call them) at extortinate prices which add little more than a couple of silly 'focus trees' full of in-jokes and nods to memes. They aren't even taking this game seriously, and they certainly don't respect their customers.Irrespective of the developers' questionable business decisions, Hoi4 is simply an unbalanced, dissapointing game.Better alternativesSeeing as Hoi4 is inferior in almost every respect to Hoi3, I recommend you buy that game (about £10 with the 3 expansions in the Summer Sale, even with the recent random price hike) if you're looking for a more immersive and rewarding game - as long as you're willing to put up with a large degree of micromanagement as large nations. Try some of the excellent mods for Hoi3 as well.If you're looking for a challenging and well-balanced strategic game get Unity of Command (£2.24 in the Summer Sale)."
,Recommended,394360,24521526,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Hi im not Arab,Great gameplay overall takes some time to get used to hotkeys and control's AI can use a little help with how it manages supply.
76561198074824687,Recommended,394360,24521650,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,lewis1948,A must buy for any stratagy fan !!!!!
76561198030922642,Not Recommended,394360,32642997,Posted: 22 June,all,Fenrir,"I recommend this game if you enjoy the following:- Being scammed by overpriced and uninteresting DLC- Exploiting stupid AI- Peace conferences leading to Romanian Siberia, Cuban Italy and British Raj Germany.- Driving into Moscow unopposed with a single truck"
,Recommended,394360,30183222,Posted: 25 February,all,Kaiser Wheelhelm,The best game to have Stalin fight Anime Hitler. 10/10
,Not Recommended,394360,32572302,Posted: 19 June,all,Daniel Dollargrin,"I enjoy this game alot! However, I think that, like EU4, much of the DLC-content should be considered as 'must-have-content' in the base game. For exampl, the images, textures and content of lesser nations are being sold as add-on content.For a game prized at +40 Euro (for both the base game and the DLCs) I think that this game is obvisously spilting its basegame-content to be sold as DLC-content, in relation to the prize in contrast to content. Again, i enjoy this game immensely, but I hate it when Paradox does this to their fan base."
,Not Recommended,394360,32966082,Posted: 28 June,all,HumanAfterAll Farmskins.com,Would be a great game if it was complete. I will no longer support Paradox if they still continue like that.
76561197997619712,Recommended,394360,24278152,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mr. ATOMIC,"So, it seems about time to finally make a review for HOI4.Coming as a HOI3 and Darkest Hour player, I'm mostly satisified with HOI4. It does make it more available to the casual player, meaning multiplayer is actually a thing in this. It also adds content and gameplay elements that were needed in the franchise, making an overall easier and more casual experience. It's now possible to finish a game in a few hours (faster if you know what you're doing) and it doesn't take days and even weeks as HOI3 Black Ice  (the best version of HOI3) did,  though it was an enjoyable experience nonetheless.However, of course, this streamlining does come at a cost. From repeated playthroughs, eventually, you'll see everything the AI is capable of, and thus, you'll be able to predict what it will do in a certain situation. Lucklily, Paradox is patching the AI currently so hopefully it will become better. The AI unlike the player, doesn't know how do something like retreat from a battle when it is being encircled, or that attacking a fort in a mountain with a single unit isn't a smart idea, or that by simply moving upwards it can surround the enemy, or that it needs to move troops to a certain front or risk being taken over. After a while, you'll see your own AI and the AI itself becoming predictable thus making it easy to counter it, making games sometimes predictable and a cake walk. The AI though, is in no way say Empire or Rome 2 Total War level bad however, and sometimes throws a curveball which is actually well enjoyed.So in summary, as a veteren of the HOI franchise, pick up HOI4 if you're interested in it. You can't go wrong. As patches come out, Paradox games usually get better so it'll likely be the same story here as more content and fixes are done to make the game more balanced and fun in repeated playthroughs. The game does have a lot of replayability, so you will be getting your money's worth. The modding community is already fantastic and offers thousands of more options when playing. However, if you're looking for a game which is a lot more complex and simulates a more complete experience of managing a country during a World War, pick up HOI3 (then download the Black Ice mod) or even Darkest Hour."
76561198131585041,Not Recommended,394360,32535985,Posted: 18 June,all,_Mark_,"I have never seen a game that wants to milk my wallet dry this much before. Not only is the game itself quite expensive, but then if I want a DLC for it I basically have to pay for the entire game again to get the DLC (the DLCs cost about the same as the game itself).And also, the major powers such as German Reich, France, Britain, etc. Are really the only WWII countries who get portrayed what so ever. Countries such as Norway and Denmark (for example) have just been given a default set of options (National Focus Tree) such as countries who weren't involved in any wars."
76561198015170377,Recommended,394360,33130623,Posted: 2 July,all,MrVirus,Played as France. Rapidly ended up at war with Germany. My eastern front collapsed and Germany invaded from the north and took Paris. War was over in under two years. Most realistic simulator ever.
76561198006674753,Recommended,394360,28426810,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Xervitus,"Great game, much better UI than previous incarnations....very excited about the modding possibilities as well!My only complaint is how air combat/deployment has changed...feels bad man."
,Not Recommended,394360,32521391,Posted: 17 June,all,Th3_Imm0rtal,"As many have stated before, HOI4 is a fun game to play if you are relatively new to the series and just want to mess around. However, when you really look at the gmae closely, you tend to notice a lot of issues that have yet to be fixed or even added to the game a year after its release.Cons-The AI is laughable. So bad that CIV VI AI looks good. Grand battle plan just doesn't work. The units that you have carefully placed along the French border? All decided to come together at one district, or just hopscotch between districts because AI doesn't know what ""forward advance"" means, thus leaving an entire front wide open for flanking. Or better yet, the AI will reorganize its army to have reinforcements go to a part of the front that does not require any reinforncements, thus leaving the crucial part of the front that actually needs reinforcement, wide open for being overrun.-Bordergore. If you want to see some art..er I mean...unfathomable and illogical map carving, I encoruage you to check it on Reddit or simply Google it.-Lots of minor nations are just meh, and not entirely enjoyable to play. It'd help if they had some interesting focus trees that does not require me to shell out $10-$15 just to ""enhance"" my gameplay-Some of the major powers don't feel exciting to play, especiialy when you comapre the focus trees to what the Community offers (Look at Vanilla Gemrany focus tree and then look at Edelweiß's ""Germany Techtree overhaul. It offers way more focuses that are logically and fun to use, rather than some lackuluster focuses.)-DLCs are overpriced for what they barely offer. I don't understand why I should pay $10-$15 for game features that should have been in the game Day 1, as well as play nations that should have had their focus tree fleshed out from the start. Seriously, just to play any other Commenwealth nation (Australia, New Zealand, Canada, South Africa, and India), have the concept of Autonomy (become an independant nation) in play, as well as Battle Combat Logs, One new tactical attack option, and Tech sharing, you need to cough up $15. Paradox...dude, you're like EA now.Pros:-I honestly can't think of a postitive thing since the things that I like about this game, is greatly overshadowed by the amount of trouble and bugs that this game has. Maybe the workshop and the mods that are offered? Yeah that's the actual good thing about this game. The modding cumminuty that actually fixes the game and makes it interesting.TL:DR-Game is fun if you never played HOI before, and do not give a crap about some missing features. However, if you want said features (that should've been present since Day 1), expect to pay up half the price of a AAA title just for some few lines of codes to work in your game, and maybe some interesting/lackluster nations to play.EDIT: Oh and they also jacked the price up in some regions, thus nullifying the benefit of a Summer Sale. Expect Jim F-ing Sterling-son to make a video about this."
,Not Recommended,394360,32520743,Posted: 17 June,all,Joedain,Paradox increases doubles the price of all their games everywhere except the USA.Feels bad spaghetti.
76561198098107509,Not Recommended,394360,32521787,Posted: 17 June,all,gyghyt,Fun for a while... then the bugs and advertised different historical routes are not found or are dry flavor text.  Bug fixes and game improvements hiding behind DLC is a bad move man. Fix your act.
76561198039819034,Not Recommended,394360,24191512,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hanekem,"A beatuiful production system but little else.Logistics in particular have been reduced to a side dish, a puzzling action to take in a WWII grand strategy. Politics are non existant and the GUI, while very pretty, does not portray important info at a glance.No message settings, no log, no pop up and pause messages (there is one setting for this, but it is unreliable as hell), so waging war on multiple fronts? downright impossible.REsearch is even more simplistic that HOI2, and the tree is so shallow and basic it has make the minors actuall far more dangerous that they shoudl be (then again PDX's Podcat has gone on record saying this was his goal)It tries to be Sandbox, but kills plausiblity and makes the hard things to change all too easy.HOI3 had a rough release, but even on day one I could see the potential in the game (never completely realized, though). HOI4? not so much. Maybe the MOD scene might be able to turn this into something interesting, but between this game and Stellaris I lost my faith in Paradox"
,Recommended,394360,28492221,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Veritas,Why am I still playing ?????
76561197983624334,Not Recommended,394360,32842778,Posted: 26 June,all,Ricky Spanish,"Paradox : a videogame that, despite sound reasoning from acceptable premises, leads to a conclusion that seems senseless, logically unacceptable, or self-contradictory:"
76561198109898958,Not Recommended,394360,32708464,Posted: 23 June,all,Rex29,"For someone kinda new to this series, I played 3 but could never figure it out, this game is alright. Paradox made a lot of improvements to this game that make it much easier and less confusing to play, though there is still a lot of depth. However, dispite all of its improvements it feels lacking. Many of the machanics feel unfinished and others don't feel fleshed out enough for the price of the game. For example focus trees, there are around nine in the base game. One for each of the major powers (Italy, Germany, France, Japan, Soviet Union, USA, snd the UK), one for poland, and every other gets the same generic focus tree which offers little in the way of intresting things to do.Now this isn't a too bad of a thing as you can still have a load of fun playing as any nation, but the problem lies in the dlc. This is where the missing mechanics lie or the rest of the mechanics lie. And on top of that Paradox has the gaul to make addditional focus trees for nations and charge them, with the missing mechanics, when they should have been in the base game in the first place or, in the case of the focus trees, could have been gotten from the workshop. Serisuly, focus tree mods are a dime a dozen on the workshop.So, I wouldn't recommend this game. But if you do get it for one reason or another do not, under any circumstance, buy the dlc. You can get just as much fun if not more from the workshop for free than fork over cash for some stuff that should of been in the game in the first place. For example, kaiserreich is alternate history mod that offers a lot of fun and new mechanics for free. Hell I would even wager it gives more content than the base game, and its still in developement."
76561198008775297,Not Recommended,394360,32728821,Posted: 24 June,all,tumppis,AI is awful and will destroy it's navy with idiotic strategies and kill hundreds of thousands of men in stupid landings.New frontline system is not working with all armies extending them all the time and sending divisions from the other end to other.Exiled divisons will repatriate to a ally trough a neutral country and die due to lack of supplies even when your controlled province would have been closer.Paradox policy of fleesing customers with DLC-s is strong in this one as one would expect.
76561198018436175,Not Recommended,394360,32591125,Posted: 20 June,all,Abc Bus,"I waited along time for this game, and after almost 400 hours of playtime I feel the need to share my thoughts to any potential buyers.pros:-alot of replayability-each country provides its own opprutunities and challenges-multiplayer is an option-alot of mods avaliablecons:-overly simplistic game mechanics-broken/under-developed game mechanics (for example the peace conference is completely broken and makes no sense)-AI is very stupid, for instance germany will declare war on the soviet union even if its losing the war with the allies, AI seems to follow national focus tree regardless of whether or not it makes sense to do so-extremely over-priced DLC which adds very little to the game, the DLC is around 33% of the price of the full game and adds maybe 5% of the content, and the content it does add includes very minor features which were part of the base game in previous HOI titles.-the base game is over-priced. when compared to other paradox titles such as eu4 or ck2 you get half the content and it costs alot more.-no option to kick a country from your faction once they join, sometimes countries join your faction automatically meaning that world conquest is impossible if there are other nations in your faction. this forces the player to disband their faction if they want world conquest. basically this is a good example of a game mechanic that is so broken it actually makes sense for the player to avoid it completely in many cases, this undermines the value of what little content this game has.Im sure the guys at paradox are good people but their business model is very exploitative to the consumer and this is unacceptable considering how loyal and dedicate the paradox fanbase is."
,Not Recommended,394360,32654779,Posted: 22 June,all,Raymuuze,"Instead of finishing their empty shell of a game with DLC they should've finished developing the game before releasing it. At release it was quite bare bones and while some patches helped, a lot of content such as flavor for interesting nations is locked behind DLC.If this ends up being handeld just as Europa Universalis 4 you might as well dodge this bullet."
76561198094432841,Not Recommended,394360,33064958,Posted: 30 June,all,Da Boyz,"I am starting to think the developers do not give 2 ♥♥♥♥s about this♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse for a game. There is one GAME BREAKING bug that still exists. If a player requests control of a state to another player but the player declines, a pop up is shown to the former and he is able to take all of the land anyway. This♥♥♥♥♥♥should not exist. It needs to be removed, IMMIDIETLY. If they do remove it, I might give this game an upvote."
,Not Recommended,394360,32532074,Posted: 18 June,all,❤ Pocket Fox ❤,Overpriced DLC hurting gamers and consumers.
76561198095412816,Not Recommended,394360,32621434,Posted: 21 June,all,David_Fassbender,Why is everything so expensive
76561198056293809,Recommended,394360,32877669,Posted: 27 June,all,AfD,"I do not know if my hours say enough but yes, this game is excellent. Nowhere near as detailed or defined as its predecessor but because of that it should be much more playable for those who enjoy strategy games that dont take at least 50 hours to get the basics sorted."
,Recommended,394360,35314907,Posted: 29 September,all,Thomas J. Jackson,"Outstanding game! I the politics is amazing. Though, Costom Nation creation would be amazing!"
76561197984247273,Recommended,394360,35433650,Posted: 2 October,all,Dirtbag,"Great immersive WW2 strategy game.  Even with 'historical focus' on, things divert from history pretty swiftly sometimes.  Different games with similar choices from the player can go in drastically different directions.HOI4 definitely feels more approachable than HOI3, though some of the systems, like paradrops and naval invasions, take some getting used to.Overall, I love the game - recommended for strategy gamers and WW2 enthusiasts."
,Recommended,394360,35139808,Posted: 22 September,all,That one weeb,"Wins the game as germany, ""Why did hitler have such a hard time?"""
,Recommended,394360,35185432,Posted: 24 September,all,Ozone_Pro90,"Pros-Realistic (depends)Many elements to the gameYou could play as any country( best to download workshop content for the country so focus trees are more interesting)If u like strategy, buy itPotentially endless workshop contentCons:DLC policy, it's paradox that you're talking about after allSome workshop content is better done than the DLC'sSteep learning curveRequires lots of micro management towards the end when you have lots of troopsMe personally enjoyed the game a lot, but I can't speak for everyone :))taught me why its always better to work by yourselfpiece'a sht italy. Do nothing and then take whats supposed to be my territory"
76561198018009374,Recommended,394360,35063840,Posted: 19 September,all,Atom Smasher,It's all fun and games until you turn Soviet Russia against you19/41 would operation barabarossa again
76561198040722709,Not Recommended,394360,32610339,Posted: 20 June,all,jacksimpson123,dont realy care for the game i tryed to get in to it but the depth wasent there to make feel acompleshemnt for the efeort it would have taken to learn it pdx u make grate games you dont have to make the games easy even a dummy like me will love to invest time in if there is a insentive in like lerning to play a complicated game also dlc whoring ant cool i dont know how to get arounded it but the amount of money it would take for my freinds to spend to play this game is to much in there and my minds and its cool that you can play ck2 multy player and uses all the dlc if one of ou have it but that forces them to only play multy player or have to make due with incomplet game witch it is espescaly in the case of eu4 and the develipment and institutions there in as well as the air in hoi4 itch still i didnt get in to all and all i love your games but i gusst dont want to get ♥♥♥♥ please talk with your comunity we love you guy theres got to be a better way and if any one can find it you can sory im giving you a thoumbs down even thought u dont deserve it even with hoi4
,Not Recommended,394360,33019376,Posted: 29 June,all,Alien Jesus,"I got this game before they jacked the prices up for Europa 4 in certian regions. I love this game. I truly do, but hiding key game functions behind dlc's and having the dlc pack w/out a discount be a little over $200? That's scummier than Take 2 taking down Open IV. So I'm going to have to not recomend this game until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561198195849299,Recommended,394360,28336125,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Tarrier1,"I mean yea its a dumbed down version of Hoi III but its still very fun and a great play the mods are great the community is less toxic then most and all round the game is fun with more updates coming in and ai fixs(ai being the worst element of the game). With every pro, and con taken into account this game is a solid 7.8/10 great but it could be better."
76561197998933180,Not Recommended,394360,31600071,Posted: 7 May,all,Anton,The game is fun at the begining but lacks much content tp be worth 40£.
,Recommended,394360,23464592,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mr Anderson,"Communist Mexico, the Central and Southern American Alliance Faction, and a weak and vulnerable United States. Lets see if they can stop this flood"
76561198313165643,Recommended,394360,31471284,Posted: 30 April,all,rangersbaseballfan,"Pros:Almost Endless ScenariosGood ModsGreat ReplayabilityFascist/Communist USCons:Lack of Depth when it comes to the AirWish there was more of a focus on politics within your countryNo Chinese Focus TreeSummary: You can start a new save and within a year divert from your last save. You will never  have the same history twice.  On top of mods like Kaiserreich and Millenium Dawn, there are even more scenarios. There are also several good gameplay mods.  There is a lack of depth though when it comes to naval and air fighting.  Overall a great game with tons of replayability"
76561198063352368,Recommended,394360,23550524,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Freddy Gamster,"So I decide to play as Germany, I manage to create a giant Wehrmacht but I start the war a little late. Then Britan decides to send over 40 units to assist Poland at the same time they bomb my navy to bits. Suddenly my main force to destroy Poland isnt big enough so I decide pull off some units guarding my borders around the reich. At this point the enemy airforce is superior to my own and the brites and poles makes a stand in Danzig while Warsaw falls. More than 60 enemy units are standing in Danzig so i need to focus my entire army on Danzig. Suddely out of nowhere the britis makes a land invasion North of Denmark, now I dont have enough forces to push each enemy back, I get start to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of and almost decide to quit but out of nowhere Hungary decides to send me 40 units and after 5 minutes both the Poland and France surrender and I now LOVE THE GAME TO BITS."
,Not Recommended,394360,32587530,Posted: 20 June,all,IPWIW,basic feature dlc(s) $9.99
76561198386947768,Recommended,394360,33185579,Posted: 3 July,all,iamabotformyyt,"Game is very fun, but the AI needs improving."
,Recommended,394360,32880587,Posted: 27 June,all,Sholehsmifh™,Very fun game but dlc policy sucks
76561198061695857,Recommended,394360,23530434,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Galbe,"This games is a genuine strategic game with a lot of improvements over its predecessor, hearts of irom 3. The graphics, soundtrack, interface, production management and national focus are very good. The AI should be improved."
76561198037852563,Recommended,394360,23426518,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,cotemm86,"Great interface with the Claustwitz engine. Been a fan of paradox for years now and this seems to be the most interactive and overall control of the entire war and peace effort much more than ever before. The game may be hard for beginners but tutorials and hints help novice players along the way, and if one doesn't like to wait for action they can start at the beginning of the war instead. The game is fantastic and I had to get it the first day, but my system may not be able to control a game with graphics and overall units that encompass the entire world. The game seems clunky at times, but after graphic readjustments my computer seems to do fine. Also, one thing I noticed right away was a discoloration that covers much of the world, I don't know if its just my computer, but it seems to be a large part of the map with pink, blue, green and red lines that cover a large amount of the world map if you zoom out. This discoloration blots out independent zones that denote country and national colors. Just thought I would add that to see if it's a bug or just my graphics card."
76561198008403487,Not Recommended,394360,24189321,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jebus,"After playing Black ICE for HOI3 this was a big letdown. Basically the only thing that is good is the production system, literaly that one thing. If Paradox implemented it in HOI3 it would have been an awesome game. Instead they thought it would be a good idea to remove all the micro, and with it all the strategy. So, now you no longer need to (or indeed can) bother with planning your invasions based on things like terrain and weather (pfff... never used those mapmodes anyway right?!), setting up your OOB (you think Churchill bothered with assigning division commanders - hell no!) or keeping track of naval&air battles to see how your units compare to the enemy (whatever, its all up to god anyway).Instead of all this boring stuff you can now do fun things like: choose flashy colors and icons for your armies (pink and turquoise really bring out Rommels eyes...), laugh at the AI as it fails to implement your battleplan correctly (hehe... stupid AI...), and not notice when you get attacked and your borders get pushed back on the other side of Europe (at least those annoying popups are gone).On a serious note, this game feels rushed and empty, as if the devs planned something else, then failed and rolled back to this beta version. I only hope the modding community manages to make something usefull out of this catastrophy, otherwise paradox just robbed me of 40 euros."
,Recommended,394360,23443677,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,John Thomas,"Just Fix the AI, Please. I shouldn't be able to just walk through France because they Abbandoned the Line because Italy attacked down south. Literally all 100+ Divisions Left the Line because Italy attacked with like 40 or so.All in all Its fun with friends"
76561198097186880,Recommended,394360,32897367,Posted: 27 June,all,Allan (A Bad Person),"9/10As near to perfect as a paradox game can get yet still suffers from the paradox paradox where in every game there is a feature that completely ruins the fun, in this game its a mixture of the retreating mechanic and useless ai. However the latter is fixable with multiplayer and mods"
76561198258040748,Recommended,394360,25987271,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mental,-Play as Sweden-Switch to facism-Join Axis-Win against Finland-Have the biggest army-LOSE against USSR10/10 Would flip to facism.
76561198040557373,Not Recommended,394360,27977326,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Llif3 Pa$a,"HOI4 is a good game, and if I have to rate it I would give it 8/10 score. But some minor issues really ruin the game. If you want a game like EU4 in WW2 then this game is for you. However if you want a realistic WW2 game, this game lacks those mechanics since it doesn't focus anything about realism.Pros:-Way easier to play when compared to HOI3.-No more annoying economic system as in HOI3 that every minute you had to change trade deals with nations etc. Trade is easier and less of a headage now.-Armies are commanded by AI (unless you change the direction manually) even though they have flaws, the army is way easier to command when compared to complex system in HOI3.-Air Force and Navy is way easier to be commanded.-Way easier to do airborne and naval invasions.-Good production system: making weapons, tanks, planes and ships etc.-National Focus Tree.-Tech Tree is better and easier to understand compared to HOI3.-National Modifiers.-Civilian and Military Factories.-Sending countries volunteers.-Map is better and more efficient.-Way easier to do Mods and publish mods.Cons:-Thailand never gets their historical claimed territory back like Japan gave them during WW2.-No Hatay for Turkey.-Geography is wrong (50% Turkey is desert and South American geography is wrong, similar to Turkey).-Pacific Islands size were enlarged but Malta and rest of the non-Pacific Island sizes stay in original size.-Greeks have core (not even claim) over Istanbul despite the fact that they were in Balkan Pact which prohibits members from having claim to each other.-No shape or form of Balkan Pack aka Balkan Entente.-It is super easy to change countries’ ideologies with simple coups, you can make USA communist less than 1 year if random communist countries like Mongolia or Communist Uyghurs support you since USSR and Mongolia or Bhutan all has same influence power.-PP system turned the game into arcane game rather than realistic version that was used in HOI3. PP turns the game more like EU4 feeling rather than typical HOI series feeling.-Army, Naval and Air experience also turns the game into arcane game. You need “army experience” to add radios or first aid kids to your soldiers. Or you need “naval experience” to modify your ships instead of Money and Resources.-Only 1 ruler by nation instead of having accurate cabinet that was used in HOI3 representing a realistic view on government.-Fascist Turkey is called Neo-Ottoman Empire, Fascist Bhutan is called something Dragon and Fascist Azerbaijan called Land of Fire etc.-When you promote a general into field marshal they magically forget everything they have learned.-There is only General and Field Marshall making AI just having 1 or 2 huge♥♥♥♥♥armies with Field Marshalls and making Generals useless.-Only 4 ideologies, Democracy (Super Vague), Fascist (Would be nice if they had nationalists also), Communist (Would be nice to also have socialists), Neutral (It should be changed to monarchist and religious imo)-Nepal, Bhutan and any other country can make Nuclear Weapons easily given time.-We have a DLC about Commonwealth that gives focus tree to New Zealand and South Africa but still nothing about China… nor Balkans…-Soviets get to claim Istanbul, Bursa and Izmit magically by Focus Tree, but not Eastern Turkey… They can only get Eastern Turkey in something to do in German Focus tree. The one of the biggest reasons why Turkey decided to join Allies and NATO was due to Stalin’s claim on Eastern Turkey that he wanted to give Armenia SSR which ofc GAME DOESN’T INCLUDE cause Istanbul, Bursa, Izmit and even some Greek islands are for some reason magically more legit for Soviets to claim.-Azerbaijan got no claim in Northern Iran when it is filled with Azeri population. So when they took those lands they loose half of the benefit since people of that location are hostile against them, just like when Turks who have 90% same culture takes those places :DDD, but hey if Greeks take Istanbul (which is 95% turkish in this time), Turks will convert to Hellenic race instantly :D-No Anglo-Soviet Invasion of Iran in 1941 in focus tree-Dlc's are expensive and does not  add overwhelming game change mechanics."
76561198152593970,Not Recommended,394360,32546393,Posted: 18 June,all,AmericaIsAwesome,Paradox has to stop with this DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥ or it's gonna ruin itself.
,Recommended,394360,24488894,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gremlin,"After messing around for about forty hours, I finally did a full play through as the USSR-Build up infrastructure on borders-Build up civilian and military factories-Limited exports-Turn Poland communist and invite them to the commitern-Invade Japan-Didn't do purge, Leon Trotsky kills Stalin and starts a civil war-Oops-Split my troops between Civil War and Japan-Japan/China front stalls, gain air superiority-Win Civil War-Allies over run Berlin, declare war on me-wtf did I do-Lose air superiority-Japan capiulates China, turns 100% on me-Oh no-Moscow falls-Eastern front collapses-How did this happen5 stars, would collapse USSR again"
,Not Recommended,394360,32903851,Posted: 27 June,all,【ㅋ】【ㅋ】【ㅋ】🤖,"This game is like going to a restaurant and the waiter brings out raw food with spit on it and when you tell the waiter he tells you ""You need to pay 20 extra dollars for us to cook it""Oh and that spit cost you and extra 5.99."
76561198116288622,Not Recommended,394360,32515716,Posted: 17 June,all,The Ottoman Empire,Recently released a 10 dollar dlc that added nothing except what should have been either a free mod or in the game to begin with.
76561198011415519,Not Recommended,394360,33188339,Posted: 3 July,all,cdenny,"There are lots of things about this game that I like. The division designer is a lot of fun and allows for a great flexibility in play style. The production system is excellent and has more to do with my constantly coming back to the game than anything else.There are as many, if not more, elements which I find quite disappointing but which I recognise may not matter to others as much. The loss of anything resembling the Order of Battle system in HoI3 and the bizarre decision to abandon province names - a staple of all paradox games - makes it hard for me to feel invested in what goes on or build stories around my games.However, the reason I would strongly urge people against buying Hearts of Iron 4 is that the game AI is so weak, even after a year, that I don't think this game could be reasonably said to be out of beta. An AI will never be as good as a human player at managing armies but in this game it regularly drops far below any acceptable level. Because of the national focus system AI countries will regularly start wars without checking to see if it even has any divisions near the target country or it's allies.The most frustrating part of this is that it does not become obvious until you have played several hours focusing on the very satisfactory internal stuff like production and division design. Then suddenly you'll find that all of that was wasted time because Russia started a war with Romania while it's army was in Siberia or China hasn't trained a single division since 1936.You're options at that point are to play through when all you need to do is tell your army to march uncontested to the enemy victory points or quit and start again hoping against hope that this time something like that won't happen again.If they couldn't fix it in a year I see no reason to believe they'll fix it any time this side of Hearts of Iron V."
,Not Recommended,394360,32722482,Posted: 24 June,all,Maew,Love all the prior HoI game ??Well the HoI 4 have nothing in commonthere is no depthstupid AIoverly simplify of literally everything it like PDX is trying to sell this game for 3 years old by dumbing down all the game mechanic.This is not HoI it just some stupid grand strategy that fortunately have HoI name on it just to lure the veteran of the series to buy it 0/1939
76561197995811149,Not Recommended,394360,26094895,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Bandit17,HOI4 is a game that could be great someday. Just not today...or tomorrow. Like most Paradox games it was released in an unfinished state. I buy Paradox games knowing this but HOI4 really blew me away with it's flaws.From the AI invading everyone and anyone even if they are already in several losing wars to everyone and their momma sending their entire military might to fight in Africa to the bizzare shifting of fronts from sending all divisions from one front to another leaving themselves wide open to attack. The AI is also incapable of building proper divisions so they are easy to roll over. That's just a few of the larger problems with the AI. There are questionable dev decisions with game mechanics as the air and naval war feel very shallow and even broken at times.Like all Paradox games things will get better but I feel this time it's going to take more time than usual. I would wait at least 6 months before buying.
,Not Recommended,394360,24992269,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Joachim Murat,"Room for ImprovementHearts of Iron IVshould be a typical release for Paradox - a decent game but with obvious bugs and a persistent haunting feeling that the game is lacking content - but this time around, the latter is certainly in full force. Hearts of Iron IV continues the series' theme, but makes some questionable design decisions. Now, while I myself didn't play Hearts of Iron III, II, or I, I still expected a tad bit more out of this game. Paradox released it right before the summer began, and I've had nearly three months to play it.I was very surprised to see the amount of depth - or lack thereof - this time around. While I haven't played HoI3, I did see some gameplay and it did seem to be a game with a very good sense of depth in mechanics, even if arguably leaning too heavily on the micromanagement side of things. In HoI4, though, some of these mechanics are far too oversimplified and abstracted. A prime issue is that of resources. In the game, production revolves around you assigning factories to build tank models, warships, infantry equipment, et cetera. Each item has its own cost in resources such as oil, rubber, chromium, and the like. If you don't supply enough of a resource by either conquering provinces it's harvested from or importing it, then production that relies on the resource will slow down. This system is fine, but it's the only system that involves resources. So, once you build, say, a fighter plane, that plane no longer takes up resources in order to operate. This means that you could have absolutely no oil being extracted or imported, and still operate your airwings and tank divisions perfectly fine. Sure, they initially require oil to first build, but not to operate. This completely throws things off-wack.The Japanese war effort itself was largely driven by a need for more fuel resources. The German war effort was also impacted by resource shortages. But, in game, there's practically no active impetus driving you to secure more resources like there was in real life. Your tanks will still drive, your planes will still fly, and your ships will still sail. This makes certain decisions ingame near pointless, such as the Japanese deciding the first-strike the Americans because they were in desperate need of fuel and needed a disabling strike to secure those resources.There's also the fact that this game suffers from a very impairing amount of situational un-awareness. In a game like this, if the enemy makes a move and you are unaware of it and thus do not counter it, you will suffer serious, if not fatal, drawbacks. Thus, it is important for the game to keep you aware of key movements by the enemy that could take vast territory without you noticing. But, there's no such system in place. This is particularly compounded because of the fact that you'll usually be overseeing multiple theaters of war, and thus need to spread your attention across all of them. But if, say, a small enemy force manages to exploit a small weakness in your lines, breaks through, and drives towards your capital, the game won't even give you the slightest notice. You could be managing your industry, divisions, political cabinet, diplomatic relations, anything, and when that critical action occurs, you won't be notified. This is in direct conflict with what Paradox themselves have said they wish for the game, as they want it to be less pause-heavy and more smooth. But, if you aren't given any notifiers to counterbalance the such, then you'll just be pausing even more in order to make up for it.Speaking of management, the airgame is a mess. The system relies on airwings, which are basically groupings of planes that can take missions over strategic air areas, like Northern France, the Adriatic Sea, et cetera. Once you assign an airwing, you must manage which airfield it lands at, what missions it will run, along with whether it will do day/night missions, and finally its repair threshold. The problem is that, apparently, smaller airwings incur less penalties, as well as allow for more targets to be acquired when bombing ground targets. According to this, the optimal airwing size is 100 planes, so ideally you'd be managing dozens of 100-strong airwings across entire theaters. It's silly and would benefit from more automation instead of micromanagement.The AI doesn't fare well with the mechanics either. I know I should set my bar low, but I'd like to have at least some expectations. Instead, we get brilliant manuever after brilliant manuever from the AI, like Mussolini sending half his army on a nice Pan-Atlantic cruise where they all get sunk by the Royal Navy and die, or where the French High Command decides to send all their forces to defend Tunisia and Algiers while the Germans literally walk through the Maginot Line (this nearly ruined a MP game I was playing because France fell way too early), or where Italy offers to give me their entire army as an expeditionary force (because we all know they don't need those guys for anything). The general incompetence of the AI often just leads to the game stalemating unless the player moves into the theater. The Spanish Civil War is a great example of this, where often the Fascists and Communists get stuck swapping cities for years until either Italy sends tons of volunteers or the player does.There's also the ridiculous coups mechanic. If you have spare political power, which you often will have during 1941 and beyond, then you can very easily support a political party in another country and take them from 2% to 40%, then either launch a coup and watch as half the country rebels, or just wait a few more months and see the entire country turn fascist. It's so silly and game-breaking that it has to be the most egregious mechanic in the entire game. Aside from the political power cost (you'll be swimming in political power anyways) there are absolutely zero repercussions. Just turn on your magical mind control ray and the Germans will all be singing Katyusha within a few years. It's practically cheating, to the point where in MP games people often disallow it because it throws everything out the window.Edit: Another very real problem with the game is the massive slowdown issues. Around 1940-1941 (when usually all the major nations have joined the war) the game experiences drastic problems. It gets to the point where the game can't be smoothly played past speed 1 or 2. I've had sessions where I've played for a little less than an hour and have only gotten through a month.There's just so many problems that collectively add up in the game, it really makes me sad. The map is a mess, oftentimes becoming completely unreadable unless you zoom out very far. Politics are near nonexistent, world tension is a meter that becomes very useless early on - it's just there to prevent the Democratic nations from steamrolling Germany into oblivion in 1937 - and ideologies are changed like a pair of socks. There's just so much abstraction to it all that really it seems more just like a Paradox game set in the 1930s and 1940s than a WWII game. Wait at least a few months or until the first expansion to pick this game up. Right now, it's just not worth it. I'd give it a 6/10."
76561198002721952,Not Recommended,394360,25403870,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Case,"Hearts of Iron IV is a game that deserves a little extra attention. Let me explain.After playing about a dozen campaigns as minor nations and major nations, usually Turkey (minor) and France (major) the finer details of exactly how strange this game is come to light. That is, it is very silly.While your mileage may vary, the AI is in serious need of some kind of rework. For example, some of the major features of this game, the front-line and battle plan systems, lack any sort of internal logic. I can hear the dialouge in my head every time I right click to set the lines up;ME: Set up a front line from Calais to Nice, please.GENERAL: Didja hear that men?! Set up FIVE front lines and ONLY MAN THE LINE IN BELGIUM.ME: No! Don't do that! Man the entire line.GENERAL: MEN! Split the army into five parts and stick that tank division DIRECTLY ON THE BORDER. Because F*** that guy in particular. (tanks have low HP and defensive qualities)ME:GENERAL: And don't mind that one province minor (Luxembourg), you don't need to fortify that.ME: *Is blitzkreig'd in a week through Luxembourg*While this may seem like nit-picking, it really isn't. This is a feature used more frequently than any other in the game if you don't like micro-managing literally hundreds of divisions for hours.And, sure, you COULD set up dozens of armies (my preferred method) and dozens of plans (that sweet combat bonus) and dozens of lines, orders and other things to fill your UI. You could, and WILL do this, or you will end up surrounded because you didnt fortify one province.This would all be well and good. But this isn't even scratching the surface of the game. In fact, this is one small set of gripes on one part of the game. We haven't gotten into air combat where notifications are sparse and unhelpful, naval invasions that are either a joke or a slaughterhouse (but rarely succeed), and all of the tiresome, rediculous decisions the AI makes. For example, the Soviets changing their mind about an invasion of Germany (at war, mind you) and moving their entire army to starve in Africa instead. Or being forced to invade Japan navally because my allies won't let me use their air bases for paratroopers (I waited TWO YEARS). Or occupying territory for that very ally instead of for myself because his one unit was there first.I could go on for...well, about a hundred and thirty hours. But I won't. Suffice to say, this game is silly.Tl;Dr Wait a year for patches and DLC. And if the reviews are negitive, buy something else."
76561198024788640,Not Recommended,394360,32344412,Posted: 11 June,all,Meridon,Hearts of Iron IV had a solid start but yet again Paradox has decided for a cash grab with overpriced DLC.I wonder if they'll cripple the base game with a future DLC which can only be fixed by buying that DLC (like they did with Europa Universalis 4)?
76561198053498225,Not Recommended,394360,32447805,Posted: 15 June,all,MrM0untie,"Looking at my time spent on this game you must think ""Wow he loves this game!"". Sadly, the truth is I love the modding community. That being in how mods offer way more content than the over-priced DLC Paradox is making. Until Paradox stops acting like EA and making ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC at high prices gonna stay negative and gonna just play mods."
,Not Recommended,394360,32460502,Posted: 15 June,all,Cimmaron,"Paradox, I love Hearts of Iron 2, I love Darkest Hour. I never got into HoI3, but okay. EUIV and Cities: Skylines made me love you guys and be big cheerleaders for you. HoI4 was going to be great, and it's been a lot of fun to play so far. But then the price hikes and the overpriced DLC that barely add anything feels like a stab in the back. We trusted you, Paradox. And this is what we get in return? Nickel and diming to make a few extra bucks?Eitherway, waiting until HUGE discounts before I even consider buying the DLC, even if that's two or three years away."
,Not Recommended,394360,32353131,Posted: 11 June,all,Sailus,"This game somehow got even more casualized than EU4 with the lack of content and depth. There is little to nothing to do in the game other than spaming troop types and war. Combat or planning battles results in the game playing itself with the click of a button while manully commanding troops means you have none of the bonuses. The trade, supply, and command system of HOI3 or HOI2 has been gutted in favor of a non-existent one. AI divisions are willingly deploying deep in the frozen and sandy wastelands to starve to death. The colors or terrain of the world map is jarring to the eyes but at least you can turn off the epileptic night-and-day cycle. Air and naval combat has been dumbed down to abstract regions where they offer almost no effectivness, not to mention submarines are useless now. One of the few good things about this game is the existance of a non-abstract economic system where you can see how much of certin equitment is producted. The Fouse Trees are also a nice touch of giving opitions to nations compared to the railroading of HOI3 through events. Overall, if a products is the sum of all it's parts, this game doesn't have enough good parts."
76561198010645501,Not Recommended,394360,31712402,Posted: 12 May,all,irenicus,"Good graphics and promising layout is bombed to ruins by stupid AI. Invasions are almost impossible to do at the same time  opponent can make invasion practically anywhere at any time. Bugs in the attackt logic are devastating, it seems weird that 5 french division can stop 40 german division without problems but so it seems to be. HOI3 is a game with simple graphics but at least it works."
,Recommended,394360,35117385,Posted: 21 September,all,Punished Venom Ski,"I have 80+ hours in this game and I still don't know what I'm doing, 10/10"
,Recommended,394360,35200987,Posted: 25 September,all,Reinhard Heydrich,is gud
,Recommended,394360,35091208,Posted: 20 September,all,Fatkidsonice,"10/10 addictive as hell, got 200 hours in under a month and had to take a break before my social life got destroyed like china does almost every single time."
,Not Recommended,394360,32637734,Posted: 22 June,all,Justacop,This game wasn't fun at release and still isn't fun today.
,Not Recommended,394360,32637025,Posted: 22 June,all,AGA_,"This isn't the full game, if you want to have the most fun with it, wait till Paradox release all the Bullsheit OVERPRICED DLCs"
,Recommended,394360,24483076,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Saar,My Dream Game.You do not know how long I wanted a game like this.9/10 (Because nothing can EVER be perfect)
,Not Recommended,394360,23533569,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,tyler1,"Early game is an absolute blast, while late game gets boring and tedious - more so with performance issues that happens only in the late game (For me, declaring war and opening air menus makes it almost unplayable). Get this only if you really want to."
,Recommended,394360,23431999,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shatterbot,Hearts of Iron 4 is an global WWi grand strategy game. It is very complex and very rewarding once you fighure out how to play. If you are a fan of any of paradox studios game like EU4 then you are going to love this game.
76561198007744540,Recommended,394360,23431437,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Vaginal Commodore,"Beyond expectations, especially for a newly released game. I can't recommend this game enough!"
,Not Recommended,394360,25974182,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Papa_Poltergeist,24 divisions of marines and tanks were killed by 1 division of infantry im quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198005363239,Not Recommended,394360,26019779,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bersarin,"Sadly really dissappointing.Instead of WWII you get risk. That might be a matter of taste. But in my opinion this sandbox non sense is the main contributing factor to its biggest flaw. Abysmal AI. It is shockingly bad and since release improvments have been modest.Oh, and be prepared to pay for further fixes."
76561198102567813,Not Recommended,394360,26185625,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Marcus Falerius Fronto,"have to make a review. 666h nowAbsolutely no fun in single player. I'm quite aware that is not easy to make a good AI player - but, hell, this is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Devs, have you ever played your own game?MP though, it can be good fun."
76561198062476339,Not Recommended,394360,35115851,Posted: 21 September,all,Baltalı Rommel Paşa,"Why do we have to pay for everything? The game without DLCs does not have enough detail. Older game ""HOI 3"" includes so many details which this game does not include. For example: production license. You can use that option in the older game (HOI3) without any DLCs. But if you wanna use it in this game, oh stop. PAY FIRST. WHY? Why should I?HOI IV is good grand strategy game to play, but Paradox still have to add so many things to game, WITHOUT DLCs. If they will add very original things to game, I will happily pay for these stuff. But not for production license or new focus trees. Please do not cross the line about selling DLCs Paradox. You might have lose so many players because of this policy. For now, i wont recommend to buy this game. But my thought may change according to Paradox's DLC policy."
76561198004245883,Not Recommended,394360,29430377,Posted: 22 January,all,L0ckAndL0ad,"The devs were like:- Hey! To hell with scripting! Let's make our next grand strategy game TRULY SANDBOX, with much more freedom, but hire only a single AI coder to make SP players feel like they're playing against a five year old!And, well, they've done exactly that.Stay away, unless you want to donate money to PDX, or for some bizzare reason still truly believe in humanity's future. Or if you're an MP player with many friends who'd play with you whenever YOU want. Or if you just don't give a damn about stuff.PPS: ONE AI PERSON, IT WAS NOT A JOKE:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=860176855"
,Recommended,394360,29182186,Posted: 11 January,all,Nougatyne,"Great game, even though the lack of brains from the AI ( Often let huge gaps open in the middle of a major front, allowing me to pour pretty much everything I got in it),  the trading system also needs to be complexified as well as the politics.AND FOR GOD'S SAKE, PLEASE LESS DIVISION SPAM FROM THE AI."
,Recommended,394360,23424643,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,theenvioustoad,things were going good until i reached the eastern front
76561198175112802,Recommended,394360,24153540,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,That Irish Guy,"Played as IrelandBuilt an army and navy but forgot to build airforceTried to invade EnglandSuccededNOW THE ENGLISH WILL BOW TO THE IRISH RULEJoined commiternTook Portugal for oreDeclared on FinlandFinland Created a faction with Iceland/Using Mod to make IcelandIceland has no troopsFrance joins FactionDestory France,Finland and IcelandPlanning to attack GermanySo altogether a very fun game"
76561198003787583,Not Recommended,394360,33442208,Posted: 10 July,all,InSpades,"I really, really don't want to do this, but Paradox has gone out of their way to deserve this review.HOI 4, a year old game with a busted AI and anything of interest requiring DLC purchases... You can win this game with any nation against the AI by simply build level 10 forts and waiting out the AI to impale itself on your defenses.Tack on top the price gouging Paradox chose to go with, I cannot recommend, at this time, any product offering Paradox offers.  Seriously, $40 for games that have been out on the market for the last 4 to 5 years then another $200 for all the DLCs.  No, thanks.  If you just have to have this or any other Paradox game, at least wait for a summer sale where it is 75% to 90% off."
,Not Recommended,394360,24873668,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,brianthorpe26,"Hearts of Iron 2 was great.  This on the other hand is garbage.  It basically becomes a WW2 simulator rather than a game where you can change history significantly.  Some good industry ideas, but army groups are still frustrating, trade is pointless, AI is stupid, and fleet not using oil once deployed is absurd.  Bsck to plsying HOI2 Doomsdsy for me."
76561198285921426,Not Recommended,394360,31892648,Posted: 21 May,all,Dezertir,"Игра не стоит своих денег, как и не стоила их раньше, хоть сама по себе она и не плохая.Do not buy this game.  It's unbelievable how Paradox can screw up good games with unwarranted prices.Rip EU4,Rip HOI4"
76561198185009807,Not Recommended,394360,28398742,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Draogonman,YAY!! New bare Bones DLC!!!!!!!!!!:)
76561198077222142,Not Recommended,394360,33082558,Posted: 1 July,all,Brother Toaster,"unenjoyable without mods tbhalso, don't buy any of the DLC"
76561198259889427,Recommended,394360,35081899,Posted: 20 September,all,Balin,"> Install the game.> Wait too long for it to load.> Play as Ygoslavia.> Spend 2 hours on youtube watching tutorials.> Get RETK by germany.> Rage quit.> Install Taylor Swift mod that replaces hitler with her.> Invade poland.> Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by soviets.> Play ac Commie Germany.> Build a wall.> Crush the capitalist with help of papa stalin.> Question the meaning of life.Buy the game, its good, really really good."
,Not Recommended,394360,24086783,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KINRA,"tl;dr : This is CASUAL game.Well, this is my first game in HOI series, but don't get me wrong, I am a big fan of EU4/Vicky2/CK2/Stellaris. I know that Paradox games are complicated and have steep learning curve.However, HOI4 is FAR too simple. You only have to build factories to cope with your military spending, nothing else. There is nothing to do in peace time. No economic planning, no colonies management, no Army maintenance. Regional development is ridiculously simplified. You might think that why should I bother all other aspects?, it's WW2 game after all. Well, without economic planning, your country cannot collapse in pile of debt. Just build more and more and more army divisions. Nothing can go wrong. And since only few kinds of resources exist in this game, it means that many countries don't differentiate themselves from each other. They are just a bunch of the same countries with different names. The politic system is also simplified. Just click a button and wait for the change of your goverment. Hope there is no civil war though. It's like playing a C&C game in the full world map. Just build army to fight, no internal management.I don't mind a game with complicate systems. Just throw it in my face and I will learn it no matter how complex it is. I will just return to EU4+Extended Timeline or Vicky 2+Ultimate for now. These games offer more freedom and dimensions. Don't misunderstand, I don't want HOI4 to be the same as other Paradox games, I only want it to have the same depth and freedom as other games.The OSTs and Day/Night cycle are great though. I will wait for the future DLCs to change the judgement. Hope the Dev bring tons of DLCs to make the game richer."
76561197998030333,Not Recommended,394360,32510941,Posted: 17 June,all,Killer_Kraut,"Broken, incomplete game only really worth playing with mods, like the fantastic Kaiserreich."
,Not Recommended,394360,32510863,Posted: 17 June,all,Bill_Rye_The_Bread_Guy,They lock core game features behind overpriced DLC
,Recommended,394360,24612533,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bjarne,"Very fun game but not really easy to get in.This is what happend in my first sp match.*Start game as the dutch.*Place defenses along dutch german border.*War with germany and poland starts.*Germany has won the war with poland and is now coming to belgium and me to reck us.*German attack on me starts.*The allies join the war to save me and belgium.*Defenses fail and my nation gets reckt.*I mass retreat to france and plan to hold my line.*Plan fails horribly.*My units die.*War came to a hold in france after Germany took it over.*Now I focus on my colonies in indonesia.*I move my camera to Indo and see that I was already taken over by half Japan.*I now plan to mass defend in Indo.*Australia and Britain come and help.*Guess what happend.*THE PLAN FAILED HORRIBLY.(sorry for caps)*I now only have colonies in Suriname.*I can't build units yet tho.*A year of 3 pass by.*D-day happens.*I get back the Netherlands and start building small units.*I help the 'Muricans, the british and the Canadiens push to Berlin.*Guess what happend.*The attack succeeded.*I finaly did something right.*I got back indo after the war.*Everybody happy.*Then I made a HUGE mistake.*I declare war on the soviets.*The allies get reckt until the Canadiens come to main land Europe.*Everyone happy and Canada now has russia.*The end OR NOT MUHAHAHAHA*This was my review.I rate 10/10 for this game.Bye :)"
,Not Recommended,394360,23843707,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ondr4x.rocks,"Well im going to go all out against the fanboys here and say the AI is amongst the shitiest things i've ever seen in a strategy game. It might have been because i played Sweden just for the laughs. I aided Finland against the Soviet Union and ended up in a war with the Germans somehow, but who cares?The fun thing is i managed to fend the Germans and the Soviet Union off for 5 years. Then both the Soviet Union and the Germans came in from Norway a border that is quite hard to defend. The fun thing is that they didnt fire a single shot at eachother even tho they were at war with eachother, they just scrambled around chasing my troops and killing them together, like wtf is going on, lol?The game got a nice UI and features but with a totally busted AI that they will hopefully fix. I just dont think the game is worth the money atm, see you in 6 months lulz!"
76561198028645999,Not Recommended,394360,32760314,Posted: 25 June,all,Intelprop,DLC is so overpriced I can't even
76561198044505096,Not Recommended,394360,33169774,Posted: 2 July,all,SpicyNachoDoritos,dlc spam
76561198045164841,Recommended,394360,31308617,Posted: 22 April,all,Sir Nuno,"Here's the thing about Hearts of Iron IV: this is a game that focus mainly on 3 things, DIPLOMACY, LOGISTICS and MILITARY STRATEGIC COMMAND to the detriment of everything else. And while it does not excel at any of those, it does not fail either. It's a double edge sword. There's a really deep ocean of gameplay and choices here, but probably not on the departments most fans of previous Hearts of Iron are looking for. The game is great for role-play, not so much for historical accuracy, and that seems intentional on the part of Paradox.This review will focus on exploring all those 3 facets of the game, it's highs and lows and give some insight on how to improve in these areas.DIPLOMACY- The game puts you in charge of a country from 1936 onwards until 5 or 6 years after the supposed ending of world war 2. It is probably the shallowest of layers in here but the amount of choice for roleplay is there. Do you want to play as Democratic Germany? Well, just push the democratic parties until they take over. Do you want to play as the fascist Unite States? You can do that too. Fascist Soviet Union? The game has got you cover. This allows for an insurmountable replayabillity factor. Personally I never tried to play trough world war 2 as it is supposed to be since other options are way more interesting (i.e.Playing as Portugal, conquering Spain during the civil war and reclaim it's colonies on north africa and then fighting the allied forces while a part of the axis... who would want to play the eastern front once again? Meh!)You can lend lease equipments, send volunteers to fight in foreing wars, create and dismiss factions, join wars or ask your allies to do so for you. No big stuff here, what's expected is there. Interesting, yet flawed, are ""Peace Conferences"", where your contribution to win a war allows you to negotiate what actions you're going to take against the defeated countries. My main problem here is that you ""contribution"", that is converted to points in the Conferences are obtained in very obscure and artificialized ways, so far I've notice that countries with the highest dead count take most of that contribution and same for the countries with the most victory points. While this is great for being able to predict results, it feels fake and sometimes unfair. In one gameplay (Using the Millenium Dawn mod, more on that later, a war broke out between India and NATO, playing as the United States and using only 15 divisions of American-France forces I was able to cut out from supplies more than half of the India army, single handed winning the war right there. My contribution for the final score? 7%... This system should be way less focused on trowing huge amount of troops at the enemy lines and victory point grabbing and more on competent military actions.LOGISTICS- This, for me, is the FIRST game that made logistics an interesting part of gameplay, other than just being a nuissanse for the sake of being there, as it happens with so many wargames. The only thing you have to worry about in the strategic map is if you have enough infrastructure to make sure supplies, reinforcements and equipment reach your troops on the ground. No need for useless micromanagement, everything that you would assume is needed for a military company to function is under the production line of Support Equipment, and i'm sure that is supposed to encapsulate, we shall say: Bandages, food, tents, shovels, maintenance material, uniforms, ammunitions and all that minor stuff. So you don't need to worry about each individual supply being managed and arriving at the front, as long as you are producing enough of it and you have an able enough supply infrastructure you are set to go and launch your attacks. This might sound simple enough, and it mostly is, but it will take you some military blunders to realize how important it trully is. Going into the desert to fight? Defeat by attrition. Launching an invasion without assuring you have one or two ports for supplies to arrive? Defeat is certain. This creates somre amazingly interesting strategies where you are forced to trully think as a commander, launching land invasions to secure airports and cities, paratroopers to secure supply lines, naval invasions to establish beach-heads.The production side of things is also pretty damn good and very well streamlined, as long as you have enough factories (that you can build continously trough the game) and resourses you can keep production going. Production lines have an efficient rating that, as long as you keep making the same material, they will increase production over time, making you ponder if you should lose that efficience for a shinny new toy, or just upgrade a later variant of that faithfull Panzer IV that's been serving you so well since 1941. Personally, logistics are the best part of the game, engaging, simple and meaningfull, they are the back bone to 21st century warfare and it shows perfectly in Hearts of Iron IV.STRATEGIC COMMAND- In Hearts of Iron IV you're a Supreme Commander like  Dwight D. Eisenhower,  Montgomery or Georgy Zhukov. You're not a major, nor a captain, not even a coronel, you're in your office, staring at a map, planning massive offensive operations, making sure your armies are well equipped and all the needs for such massive endeavours are met. You're deciding where to strike, when to strike, which general should lead their troops in the field, which troops are assigned to each task which air support will they need, where the navies should be. You ARE NOT leading them into battle, that is up to your officers to do. You dispatch commands, they execute them. This is done in such a simple way using the Frontline system, where you just draw a frontline on the map, then decide which actions that assigned army to take, should it do a naval invasion? A land push for a pincir movement? Fallback to a better defensive position? It's all up to you to figure out. Once again, it's a system so easy to use but it provides you with imense play opportunities. How amazing it is to plan an invasion and watch all your 3 armies execute your plans perfecty, that moment your paratroopers drop behind enemy lines to cut them off while your main strike force advances forward to smash and isolate the poor suckers. It's so satisfying to see it all come to life as soon as you press that “execute” buttom. Hopefully they will introduce ways to time your attacks properly, without having to manually be paying attention to 3 or 4 different fronts at the same time. Also, a small warning for when you are preparing a naval invasion and don't have enough recon should prompt the moment your troops start to get ready, not when you launch the invasion. Just some quality of life improvements, not necessarily big improvements.MULTIPLAYER- I don't care for multiplayer on strategy games.MODS- For me, personally, mods are one of the main reasons to get the game, with the Hearts of Iron IV: The Great War and Millennium Dawn: Modern Day you have pretty much an entire century of global warfare to try and explore. This comes mainly to personal preference as a lot of people really don't enjoy the half baked experience most mods offer, but so far so good, those two are clearly impressive and feel like small expansions for the game itself.FINAL OPINION- Overall Hearts of Iron IV is an amazing game that is going to scratch a very specific itch for a very specific audience, if you're not interested in learing about 21st century warfare, logistics and political diplomacy or, if you're overall ignorant to these then this is not the game for you. While more streamlined than previous Hearts of Iron titles I disagree when it's acused of being dumbed down. The opportunity for unlimited and varied play is there, you just need to engage with it. Don't expect an historical title, a world war 2 simulator, see rather as what it is trying to be, a sandbox, and pretty damn good one at that."
76561198074639056,Not Recommended,394360,24291081,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Max_Ming,feels a little barebones. i would wait for them to release a couple of dlcs first
,Recommended,394360,25323849,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,✞ CroatianCrusader ✞,10/10 Invaded the whole Balkan peninsula with Yugoslavia.
76561198063259020,Not Recommended,394360,26050954,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,liluzivert,lol where the dlc at tho
76561198050266202,Not Recommended,394360,26482811,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,doriansachio,"Buy this game if you want a really cool version of Risk. Want to pick a country and just try to conquer the world over and over, go for it.But if you want a true WWII simulation type strategy game, you will be disapointed. If you want to ""rewrite history"" or see how things could have been different...you will be disappointed. Paradox did a good job with the look and game mechanics, but when it comes to the substance they dropped the ball. Its shallow.The leader choices are lacking. The map is lazy. Provinces are just random blotches. States are arbitrary. Obvious and extremely necessary releaseable countries are missing. The AI just does not know how to deal with HOI4.This game might be good one day - when a mod team actually fills in the giant holes left by Paradox. But at the moment the game is boring and no mod really fixes it. I regret my purchase, don't buy this game."
76561198047334517,Not Recommended,394360,32461663,Posted: 15 June,all,Mr.Ming,The game needs to have the stuff from the DLC already added into the game instead of making me pay for it
76561197991640359,Not Recommended,394360,32444094,Posted: 15 June,all,Rakan,"Promising game, but you can really enjoy playing it only in multiplayer. Extremely poor AI makes this game nearly unplayable in singleplayer, unless you are lucky to be a complete moron or playing your first game ever and you're clueless what to do. I've been patient with the game, giving its creators time to fix it, but now i finally see, the AI is stupid by design, and no matter how many small and meaningless patches they make, it'll never be even remotely challenging."
76561198018271173,Recommended,394360,23471860,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,(UA)French Guards,For someone who has only got into Paradox Games with EU4. This is my first Hearts of Iron game. I did not have the time to figure out how to play Hearts of Iron 3. I find Hearts of Iron 4 much more user friendly than the Hearts of Iron 3. It is a fun game that has a lot of history built into the national focuses which are nice and polished. When playing none of the major nations the generic national focus tree is unrefined. I hope they add DLC that adds more to other nations national focus trees. This game is fun because of all the freedom it gives. If you want to make the USA Communists you can. If you want to ally with Germany as Fascists France you can. This game has a lot of replayabilityand should be enjoyed. It is only $40 compared to the other major titles coming out at $60 and its worth the price. I can strongly recommend this game.
76561198103061623,Recommended,394360,23446618,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Metalish,"I may see a lot of negative comments on how everyone is talking about how the game is very very basic and how the ai is a little draggy and the performance is a little bit chuggy late game.Let me say my honest review(my picture has nothing to do with the game, I'm just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)1. I think everyone who says that the AI is a little slow, draggy, and horrible reactors and the game chugs a bit late game are absolutely correct, I do not disagree with them. However, EU4 and CK2 were nearly the same exact way at launch. EU with it's horrible AI reactions when it first launched, and CK2 with really bad dynasty mechanics. I don't know whether CK2 was extremely bad, at least when i first got it on my old account, dynastys and vassals were horrible. After a week to a month, the games got much more playable and far more fun. Everything can't be perfect, even after 2 years of development. I would give it time, and the game will be a lot better.2. Those negatives always contain the ai, chugginess, simplified, and bogged down, but then they mention much more positives. If the game is so called positive, be a little positive. This game is a fantastic game, that, while I wasn't paying attention my first Communist UK game, I had drooled all over my pants. I don't know if apart of it was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but, it was a majority of drool. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke, i literally drooled all over my boxers)3. You cannot deny that this game is beautiful. It may not have that nice relaxing look of Vicky 2, or that awesome and adventurous look of EU4 and Cicky2 (i mean, a bit related to EU4 looks to me), but it is a very beautiful game. Amazing looking units, wonderful weather mechanics, crisp and clean colored countries, and flavored units that look pretty freaking fantastic for their countries. This game, is just gorgeous. It may not be the most beautiful game out there, but these developers (daniel-chan) poored their hearts and muscles into this game to make it seem believable for its setting. If you don't agree that the game is bad, it's fine. But for a STRATEGY VIDEO GAME, it is gorgeous.4 My last point, the immersion. It may not be perfect for not every country gets their own focus tree (major powers only, ITALIA RULES), but I find it very freaking fantastic to sit down at my wobbly desk, play as Hungary, and attempt to take over continental Europe. It is amazing. Oh well, I may have lost as my Reich playthrough due to those damn Franks to my west (this actually happened, I'm extremely embarrassed, cause I went outside because of it), but I can start again as japan and attempt to befriend the Soviet Union, taking out America and Europe. This is a strategy game, so while not all the immersion of EVERY event that happened in WW2 IRL are in the game, and there aren't any blood or map explosions or stuff, this game makes me believe that the enemy is trembling under my might.SO. That is my review. If I didn't make a good enough review, I'm more of a CS player, just joining the tumor squad that lies waiting for me in counterstrike land.Everyone who buys the game, have fun and HEARTS OF IRON ON! (and hook up maybe? I have no friends)jk :)"
76561198119596520,Not Recommended,394360,31946275,Posted: 24 May,all,toten,too simple nowhere near HOI 3 the ai is borderline ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and puts up no fight whatsoever
76561198072449976,Not Recommended,394360,23542749,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,LighterHook,"The games seems empty. I never played HOI3, but the game still seems oversimplified and half-finished. Also, the micromanagement is ridiculous. Battle plans rarely work and the AI is nearly suicidal. After playing EU4 for many hours, this game was a disappointment. Overall, 5/10."
76561197984525550,Not Recommended,394360,32414961,Posted: 14 June,all,Slikke,"HOI IV is complex, but fun... Needs better tutorials... However as is the case with all of Paradox's games, it is HORRIBLY overpriced... The DLC adds necessary features to the base game and should be included in the inital price... adding constant DLC that costs 10-20 bucks a pop is RIDICULOUS... I refuse to give any positive reviews to Paradox until they change their absolutely asinine pricing policies..   such a shame.."
76561198140570732,Recommended,394360,32100117,Posted: 31 May,all,NOR WILLIAM,Worth a try.
76561197989229737,Not Recommended,394360,26478126,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,"I usualy love paradox games, i spend hundreds of hours on them; this one falls flat however1. The espianage is just completely gone to be added in a planed expansion2. A few UI and map overlay features are missing3. The abbility to have custom starts with diffrent tech then the Historical startAll of these features were in HOI3 and were key to its enjoyability and depth. The AI is also Insane at times and does silly silly things like rotate troops and leave a gap in their main fortified front line for my tanks to fill, somewhat to oftain.On a side note, could we please get a music DLC that isn't metal for all the people who want the keep the music more on theme (and don't like metal while playing strategy)? This isn't killing floor or Doom. Give me a symphony doing a modern song, or some clasic; Sebastian Bach, van Beethoven, Amadeus Mozart, Richard Wagner, or something else not metal."
76561198071051858,Not Recommended,394360,26469183,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Last Australian,"To keep it short and simple, This is a fun game for the first few games while your learning the game, but once you learn the base game it becomes to easy and simple, the game has no depth to it. you can win by building nothing but infantry, it really makes no difference weather you have an airforce or having tank divisons seem to make no difference, and the game needs more micro management, you do grand battle plans which involve drawing a line and saying attack, thats it... the game is very simple there is a whole suppy line side of things you never even have to look at or manage, and there is no set objectives i usually just lose interest in a campaign after a few hours when you become to stong and no one can stop you it becomes boring and easy. so sorry its worth it for the first couple games if you want to spend the money but in the long run its not worth it."
76561197999439500,Not Recommended,394360,24823440,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,mwileman,"I very much enjoyed my initial time on HOI4.However, as time went on, I realised how shallow a game it actually is.  Incredibly poor AI that does the most bizarre things and a sandbox nature that point to this game being a very hollow WW2 experience.It really isnt a WW2 game when America can be turned into a facist country by 1940. Its laughable.Awful submarine battles that go on for literally years, Hundreds of Divisions roaming across the Sahara desert, peace conferences that make you weep, Air battles where several hundreds of fighters are shot down in a day or two.I would recommend this game for people who just want casual fun, in the way that Risk is casual fun.But a complex WW2 experience ?No way.EDIT - The DLC system is an absolute joke. Avoiding paradox now until they sort this rubbish out."
,Recommended,394360,23448768,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Bazza,"Great game, The new simplified UI makes learning the game so much easier compared to HOI3.Edit: Once the war starts getting intense, my framerate drops significantly and time goes alot slower then I want it too (1 day=1 second turns into 1 day=5 seconds).Hopefully the performance issues get fixed later on but the game is still good fun."
76561198070568854,Recommended,394360,23430196,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,347,"So far, I am really enjoying this game. If you are worried about being able to get into/learn the game, don't worry. It's not as hard as it actually looks.Pros:-Easy game to learn how to play. (I have never played an HOI game before, but I had some experience with stellaris)-Despite what people are saying, I found the AI to be somewhat challenging.-Very smooth/clean interface.-Not very graphically demanding. You won't be needing a $1000 gaming rig to play this game at a good frame rate.-Rich story/Lore (Yes, I know that this is supposed to be like this, but I really liked all of the little details here and there.)-Fun alternatives to the 'real' history; I.E: Fascist revolution in the U.S, Communist France, Etc.Cons:-I've found that in the late game, your performance seems to take a big hit;-I know I'm contradicting myself, but to the somewhat experienced player, you can easily steamroll the other AI countries. (This is likely to be fixed in the future.)-Other than these smallish things, there are not many cons. There are a couple bugs here and there, but I have no doubt they will be fixed.Overall, I think I would like to give this game a (9.5/10). There were just a few small things listed in the cons that affected this rate. Other than that, I highly recommend this game. Great job paradox crew!"
,Recommended,394360,23433295,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Admiral Kirk,"Gameplay 7/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 9/10Graphics 8/10Replayability 6/10(all the nations feel kinda the same)Was never a big HoI player but this game i really like it, dont know really why but it grabbed me. Its a very solid game from Paradox yet again Overall i wll give it a solid good 7/10"
,Not Recommended,394360,23764878,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CAW4,"It's impressive how intuitive they were able to make this game. Whether it's the lack of notification for when the game unassignes your troops from an order that neglected to tell you that there's a limit on troop numbers for that particular order, to having the mission buttons incredibly small and hidden in separate places for each type of troop, you'll always be amazed at the complete disdain for the user this game shows."
76561198035738569,Recommended,394360,30780578,Posted: 27 March,all,Axerdas,I have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea how to play it10/10
76561198264260848,Not Recommended,394360,24231106,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Violent Beetle,"Can you rewrite the history? Can you defy Munich agreements stem the tide of Nazi invasion as France in 1937? Can you overrun USA as Third Reich? Can you snatch Surinam from the Dutch as socialist Brazil?Like hell you can! You can't do jack because nothing works in this bloody game. The interfact is inscrutable, war plans do not work, divisions fail to actually join armies they are attached to, AI is broken, war is broken, transparency does not exist. Paradox can't keep getting away with releasing games that don't work until the seventh DLC."
76561198014244866,Recommended,394360,23543893,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Marxist Mark,"Excellent game, a hell of a lot easier to get into than HoI3.Pros:* Infinitely better tutorial.* Far easier UI*Quite Engaging without being overwhelming* Lower Learning CurveCons:* Pictures of actual generals is not there.* Some elements of the game have been simplified, for some this is a con, for others it is a pro, I'll let you decide.Neutrals:* There is not longer the Order of Battle system from HoI3 which is a blessing and a curse."
,Not Recommended,394360,28023156,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Maximum Douche,"This game aims for a balance between the extreme detail Hearts of Iron 3 has, and something much simpler. Since release the mods have filled some of the games current shortcomings but if you know anything about Paradox you know they are going to be milking this with DLC that feels like it shouldve been included at release. Still enjoyable but it honestly feels like Paradox is losing that small inde dev feel and turning into another Activision with the amount of stuff locked into DLC"
,Recommended,394360,23431621,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MurrayLeBronie,"Awsome game...It runs better (for me atleast) than hearts of iron III.Nice graphics.Easier tech tree.Better army management.And ther list goes on...Awsome buy if you are a fan of the series, and a good time to try it out if you haven't played HOI before."
76561198079717468,Not Recommended,394360,29232597,Posted: 13 January,all,CPTC,Don't buy it. I honestly regret it so much it's painful. Money ♥♥♥♥♥s and the last Paradox game I'll buy!
76561198055395775,Recommended,394360,28950705,Posted: 2 January,all,Doctor Strangelove,It's good.
76561198240244720,Not Recommended,394360,23553159,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,AnotherClip,"Dont get me wrong this game is fun and i would love to give it a thumbs up but there are some serious issues that need to be pointed out but lets start with the pros.Pros-The way you manage your airplanes is soo easy and I am sooo glad that they changed it from the tedious system in the last game.-The frontline system is a cool adition which makes it easier to hold a front or start a invasion-The production/construction system is syplified down and it allows newer players to easily learn the game. This is also takes away the some times confusing IC system from HOI 3 and allows the player to create their own factories that can be used to produce what they want to.Cons-The ai is horrible and allows you to make naval invasions or flanking manuvers soo easy and abandones a front if there is another that could be easier to be taken overEX: My friend and i were playing he was china and i was australia and eventually the people's republic of australia and about a year into the 2nd sino-japanese war i joined the united chinese front. After this i lost all my army in transport to china and then japan thinks its a strategical idea to take all of there 75 to 100 devisions off the chinese front to occupy australia-ai dosnt care if you sneak behind their lines and take their capital EX: i naval invaded france north of paris and just walked in because france was too busy stairing at the Germans that just filed through belgium without any resistiance.-The supply system is SOOOOO bad that as say japan you could invade russia throught the siberian wasteland cross the urals and get to moscow with full supplys. while you are doing this the russians are staring at the germans that are getting invaded by a combined scandinavian force.-You can play as any country in the world and take over the world. for example luxembourg you first of all just need to do a bit of research build up a tiny army throw a few pamphlets around that say how good communism is then BOOM you are communist join the comintern declare war on germany russia joins bye bye german reich.-The frontlines are broken and they can lead to units statigicly redeploying to the opposite side of a offensive line because its ""stategical'-the god awful diplomatic system can lead to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and broken looking worldI dont get how this game could be called a GSG if the key components to a GSG are broken (ai, diplomacy, supply, and loads of micromanagement). all in all this game is fun but now where near the standards of the last generation paradox games."
76561198006565588,Not Recommended,394360,23841840,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bluestrategist,"Hoi4 will one day, I sincerely hope, be a great game. Many of the design decisions have made play easier without making it simpler.But there are major problems if you care about realism. I didn't say historicity. Just realism. Despite so much effort by Paradox to give the game a historical and realistic flavour, you will run into small nations with 100 divisions and thousands of planes, find that the United States has invaded the German coast the second it enters the war, and discover that Italy has sent almost its entire forces to China to help Japan. Build up a massive fleet of 3000 fighters and watch them all get shot down within a month, even just against Poland. Forget about supply - once you've trained your enormous number of units, they cost you nothing ever again. No supplies or fuel. Watch as Italy is conquered by multiple naval invasions in 1939. I could go on, but this depresses me. You need a sandbox at least to function in a predictable and logical way. Logic is very absent in much of this game as of the 1.1 beta."
76561197991102784,Recommended,394360,29325121,Posted: 17 January,all,SS DukeNukem,"LOVE LOVE LOVE this game, woops too soon to say the positive? Ok no worries i got some gripes with it too hahaOk so I am a WW2 Historian and find this game to be one of the more accurate representations of ""power"" within the world at the time of the Nazi Regime. The game is amazing for an RTS game but VERY DIFFICULT to play online. The multiplayer isn't exactly optimized very well and could take a very long time to even remotely complete 1 game.I do love the fact that this game has a LARGE learning curve and you WILL fail on your first attempt at this game and that applies to each nation you use. Every single one has its own quirks and you gotta find it and exploit them! It actually adds quite A LOT to the game.The industry is fairly difficult to understand at the start but it isn't impossible to grasp after a little. I didn't play the tutorial so thats my own fault but it also takes a while to play through it. Also each nation has their ""sweet spot"" on how you should first put your industry! Make sure you learn that too!!My experiance is as follows: I have played on Iron Man and have taken over the world with USA, Germany, Russia, and Japan. I have not tried the UK yet and i honestly don't have the urdge to. Also by taking over the world i mean i had no allies and no help from any AI or Player.Pros:-Challenging-Its WW2-Historically accurate (to a certain degree)-Large learning curve-MODS!!!!-There always more than one way to win with each nation-Tech Tree is easy to navigate and not difficult to learnCons:-ALOT of micro managing-Game starts to lag after a while during the late game-Repetative and gets dull after a few playthroughs.Would i recommend? Yes! a solid 8/10 :)"
76561198086823252,Recommended,394360,23665364,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Darth Öpke,"Declared war on USA with communist Brasil. 2 months later, I got bombed by 15 nuklear bombs. I had over 950k casualties. I lost the war.10/10 would declare war on USA again."
,Recommended,394360,23487249,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Vortyrion,"The WW2 nerd ""What if"" dream :-)"
76561198026324207,Not Recommended,394360,23482032,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BAY,"Dont get the hype. If you are a veteran of series HoI 4 does not offer better gameplay than predecessors, looks cartoonish and honestly quite easy. I would buy the game in few years time when it is half of the price."
,Recommended,394360,28652175,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dragonkiefe,good but have a good processer and gpu
76561198066288794,Recommended,394360,24145023,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Oliver Cromwell Dindu Nuffin,"So happy I got this game. It's fun as hell, even if a touch difficult too learn. It's really rewarding too, and you can be surprisingly creative with factions, alliances, etc."
76561198142587677,Recommended,394360,28646132,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Have You Sean This,You can literally be Hitler in this game.  Enough said.(also a soviet comrade)
,Recommended,394360,23559241,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,plankicorn,"TL;DR: 9/10. Buy it.Hearts of Iron IV has transitioned out of the awkward phase that was its predecessor: clunky, confusing, crowded, and convolluted. What it has become is something quite fun to play. There are a few rough edges here and there, but certainly those are quite small in comparison to the major leaps forward that this game makes.I've finished quite a few campaigns at the time of writing this: Greece, Italy, Tibet, and Korea. Also at the time of writing this, I have a campaign as Liberia in progress.For the sceptical, here are some pros and cons:Pros:- Much easier to learn than HoI3 without being over-simplified- High replay value- Playing as a minor country isn't hopeless (looking at you, Victoria II)- Very to easy to transition here if you're coming from EU4- Real strategy required; not just who has the bigger army- Extremely satisfying victories, no matter how small- Shorter games mean that multiplayer is more viable- Extremely fun and cutthroat multiplayer- Any country can be of any ideology; yes, you can even have Communist America or Democratic GermanyCons:- As with most paradox games, there is a performance dip later in the game (better as of 1.0.1 but still present)- Minor countries, while possible, still get an underpowered National Focus Tree (which I changed in a mod)- Some areas of the world lack flavor- Nowhere near enough national leader portraitsOverall, this game is a solid 9/10. This review is written as of 1.0.1, so it will very likely get better. Also, since this is a Paradox game, if you buy it, you're dropping $40 on a game that's going to likely be supported for three years or more. Worth it? Absolutely."
,Recommended,394360,26785775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Comrade Leon,very good soviet industrialisation simulator1917/10 would icepick trotzky again
,Recommended,394360,30475217,Posted: 12 March,all,EmperorKampet,I hadn't played Victoria II in a while but it sure does look weird
,Recommended,394360,33031048,Posted: 30 June,all,yonder,"Nearly 300 hours in, and this game is still great.  Far from perfect.  It's got some of standard Paradox DS issues, such as AI issues, but they really only stand out because the majority of the game is so good.. and most of those bugs are simply ones that you have to accept because you're playing a videogame (AI isn't as good as a human, for example).The DLC-hating reviews on here are the main reason I chose to post this review.  Hate the DLC and/or the prices?  Well... you may very well be an idiot, but if you have a well-reasoned basis for your opinion, then that's fine.  But holy cow, go to the DLC page.  Don't give a negative review to the BASE GAME because you hate the fact that they continue to support the game w/ DLC years after its released (CK2, for example, is going on seven years).  I'm sorry that you hate the fact that game developers want to get paid, but there's a REASON most devs don't continue to support their games year-in-and-year-out... because of diminishing revenue.PDS supports their games w/ free patches and they release EXTRA content for those of us who want it and who want to pay slightly higher prices in order to continue to support the company.  Those who want the DLC but want to pay lower prices simply need wait a few months, their DLC is ALWAYS on sale... usually at the time of release of new DLC.The game is great enough to warrant a review anyway, but the idiots giving negative marks to a game they admit they like just infuriate me to no end, so they inspired me to post this.Anywayz... the depth is amazing.  It's technically turned-based (each turn is 1 hour) but it basically plays as a pausable realtime grand-strategy wargame.  You can appoint ministers (up to 18 I believe) to assist with things and you can design your divisions down to the batallion level.  That's what I mean by amazing depth.  It's also got plenty of flavor events, such as Earhart and the '36 Olympics.  And, of course, the game is incredibly mod-friendly.  If you find shortcomings in the base game and/or the DLC, then head to the workshop.  There's PLENTY of amazing stuff there.*IF* you find the videos and reviews interesting, you'll most likely absolutely love the game.  If you read the reviews and watch the videos and think ""people are entertained by this?  YAWN!!!!!"" then you'll probably hate this game.If you're reading this you're probably at least moderately curious... so you'd likely really enjoy it!"
76561198133703565,Not Recommended,394360,32600700,Posted: 20 June,all,The Blue Knight,"This game is not what I expected. I looked up gameplay and reviews and I thought it would be good. The game is boring, difficult, and frustrating. I was also having frame issues and the game was choppy. I played the game for two days and I am currently trying to get a reimbursement. Disappointing."
,Not Recommended,394360,23600324,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TheNewTimeGamer,"All the negative reviews sum up what I feel about this game, do not buy it!Also paradox is implementing this new dlc strategy which should be punished hard!"
,Recommended,394360,32893693,Posted: 27 June,all,Gandros /his/,"After hitting 80 hours (even more but was offline) i have come to a conclusion that this game is one of my favorites in my steam library but of course like any other game it has its flaws that effect the gameplay.1. Beginning to play the gameFrom my experience i had one of the hardest times learning the game from what info the give you during the tutorial and the info they do give us its really hard to decrypt what there talking about and pointing out, the best option to do is to watch tutorial videos for info and tips2. AIYou might think that a GSG would require to have one of the best AI of all games but Hearts of iron doesn't deliver that but what it does deliver is one of the worst i have ever seen even chess AI is better sometimes compaired to this.Problems include AI scattering around the country that could be doing some real damage to the front lines and example is germanys AI during the invasion of the USSR leaving them all around germany and other occupied countries such as poland and western russia its like there leaving a trail of bread crumbs as they are starving to death but instead of eating the bread its throwing it away, i would understand doing that in france and belgum because of the threat of naval/para invasion from USA/UK/FREEF but it is not needed in russia and poland, personaly ive seen them after i took out the UK throw their Men into the ocean for no reason and attack russia and another example is when i was doing a ironman reg playthrough of italy and was able to defeat USSR UK and France with the axis and set my major army (around 190 divisions) in canada and♥♥♥♥♥♥the USA but did the most moronic thing and when through the rockys and west coast instead of new england and ended up with 70 divisons while the USA having 200 divisions but it turns out that they all had them spreaded out all around the rest of the country and was able to capitulate the US with nothing but tanks and infantry.Even though the AI is crap it is still a really good game and can be a really good time waster."
,Recommended,394360,33178284,Posted: 3 July,all,Razer,"Very very steep learning curve, but when you do know how to handle yourself is pretty fun. (Especially with friends)"
,Recommended,394360,33160851,Posted: 2 July,all,Mićonijefico,"If u wanna be good at this game and it isn't the main game u play what r u even still playing.Pros:1.There are many countries that u can pick from such as germany france or maybe Australia china and the little countries too so game can hardly be repetitive.2.Game developers did a very good job on maki this game historical as possible for every country so if u love ww2 and strategic games this is a game for you.3.There are two primary gamemodes such as singleplayer and multiplayer and in every gamemode u can start from the beginning of begging or when the blitzkrieg started happening.Cons:1.You looking for easy relaxing game that you can play while doing some other stuff guess what this is not the game for u.If you get right into single/multiplayer you will get demolished i am advicing to first watch some hoi4 tutorilas then do the tutorial than play and then you are rookie.2.You need to actually play this game a lot but rly alot to be good but don't say:""This game is too hard,I am gonna refund.!""when you are starting your first game and you lose.OVERALL:This game will be fun if you are interested in ww2 and strategy games and if you don't wanna games that make easy to win."
,Not Recommended,394360,32237160,Posted: 7 June,all,bathuan² ☭,"What is the 45% raise?  Do you think we're stupid? f*ck off ""moneydox"""
,Recommended,394360,29552753,Posted: 28 January,all,Ｐａｋａｒｉｎｅｎ ツ,"Hearts Of Iron IV, The game where i create Greater Finland and make Adolf Hitler throw Joseph Stalin into gulag. This game is historically accurate, if you enable historic AI focuses of course and it provides challenge and is fun to play. I have written this review based on my hours spent playing this game.Pros:-Brilliantly made strategy game that offers different difficulties to players.-Installing mods can be done through steam workshop-excellent equipment and factory/naval dockyard systemlogistics, trading and gaining resources is implemented much better, unlike in Hearts Of Iron III-The visuals, sound and music are overall great, again much better than in HOI 3Now the things that Paradox should work on aka cons:-AI, you might ask ""what's wrong with the AI"", i'll give you an example: you're playing as Japan and you conquer British Raj, suddenly out of nowhere: Germany, Soviet Union and US declare war on you, even though you have warm relations with them and they declare war on you without even justification. tl;dr: AI sometimes tends to do things that it shouldn't be able to do.-Naval balance: want to win without effort? just spam submarines and naval bombers, everything else is total garbage.basically if you went to the war with UK, and you have a fleet larger than them with better equipment, you would say ""I'll win these chaps easily"" well no. I don't know why but it's just that the naval bombers and subs are more efficient than any other naval ships.-Not supporting CPU multicore: Games in the HOI series tend to only use one core of your cpu, and this can cause lagging, even if you would have the best CPU in the market chances are you might still encounter this problem but there isn't a 100% chance that you're game would start lagging.Even though the game might have some problems with AI, It still is enjoyable to me. as you are reading this i'm probably trying to kick Stalin out of Europe while playing as Finland. HOI IV is 4/5 in my books."
76561198029828587,Not Recommended,394360,33125579,Posted: 2 July,all,Melancholic,"The bare bones of a game that needed good, solid expansions to make it grow into something decent. The overwhelmingly negative reviews aren't really about the price of the DLC, it's that the DLC needed to be good to flesh the game out, and it really, really isn't. The currrent trend of lets copy 'n' pasta a few mods and call it content needs to stop.I hope you're not planning on too many more releases Paradox because I think you'll find that your customer base is finally running out of patience. Call it a day if you can't do any better and leave us with some good memories"
76561198105080361,Recommended,394360,30249588,Posted: 28 February,all,RapteR,"My favorite grand strategy game of all time easy to learn, I would recommend this to anyone who likes grand strategy or just likes WW2 in general."
,Recommended,394360,33125882,Posted: 2 July,all,InfamousMelon,Reaaaaly fuuun game
76561198144407520,Recommended,394360,32978604,Posted: 29 June,all,Green Sock,"Great Game, UI is simple when you get used to it and the visuals itself are nothing to turn your nose up at. The mod support is incredible and the community is also pretty good. However, no game is perfect and although i love HOI 4 to pieces there are some issues. The AI is laughably bad. Once you have the besaic knowledge of the game with 3 or 4 games under you're belt you will blitz through every game playing as any significant (Major) country within this game. The DLC policy is also, in two ways, paradoxical. Firstly, DLC will continue to pump out for small fixes and features that should have really already been in the game in the first place luckily there is a huge range of mods that fulfil the same tasks as that of the DLC and thus you will not need to purchase any of them (This is my opinion at the current time there may be future DLC that is worth £15). Secondly, Paradox have a strange way of creating beautiful and incredible stratergy games and then creating some of the most useless DLC that offers little and costs a lot. This is the same for Crusader Kings 2.To Conclude:It is a great game. However, the AI is poor and the DLC policy is mind numbingly ridiculous.6.5/10"
,Recommended,394360,33504329,Posted: 13 July,all,AnnoySolider | trade.tf,After Some Hour of GameplayI would Recommend Heart of Iron IVIt has hell a lot of fun it can be time wasterFirst Time I play this game it hardespecially Air and Naval Warfareafter some of experience somehow Land Warfare is Harder than both of it.Graphic is excellent but I it sill some laggyso I open Vsync.Soundtrack is excellent nothing to say much.Gameplay is Excellent I will not spoil what in them but I love Historical AI before game is start it can learn something that once happen on real life Ex Event and date also multiplayerDlcI didn't has any dlc but it unlock some of new national force so....WorkshopLot of thingTotal9/10 One of the best but need some dlc to make game perfect ;)
,Recommended,394360,29584826,Posted: 30 January,all,sebasti161,very good gamehitler won world war 2
76561198099433715,Recommended,394360,33543394,Posted: 14 July,all,FuzzyCoat,the mods are better then the base game
,Recommended,394360,28963991,Posted: 2 January,all,PapaPBJ,"A very good game design for any strategy player, me coming from the Civilization Series! It goes very in depth with the economy and the other side of war, not just fighting"
76561198132186716,Recommended,394360,27491429,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hwpneon,so far i've made america communist turned finland communist turned norway communist even ireland communist each time it messes up history and i love it never gets old but on a more serious note the game is amazing get it while its on sale since its worth itAddition: The game is still fun just took over the world as poland (poland can into space) the game is different every time since you change history each time you play like start the world war as canada no one expects canada to attack the U.S.A and lose since canada has to small of military but get the laughs of the canadian-american warAnother addition: The game has an steam workshop some of the mods in there are amazing like the great war mod which sets the game back into WW1 and continues to WW2 with new focus trees and techs to make it work theres also the modern day mod which does as it says makes the game modern day (you can still turn any country communist although the mods add in extra things like social liberals and so forth) so even if WW2 games aren't your thing theres a workshop with amazing modders to provide new and interesting experiences into the game
76561198050036946,Recommended,394360,23538693,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,community s e r v i c e,This game has its problems but it's still quite good.
76561198058662108,Recommended,394360,26837531,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Liam,"""This time i'll go to sleep early i'll just do one more thing before i go to sleep""*6hours later*""Oh no it's 4 in the morning!""""Let me do just one more thing before i go to sleep i promise."""
,Not Recommended,394360,28993560,Posted: 3 January,all,Constantine,"I've generally enjoyed playing it, and I'm not a hardcore fan of 4x type strategy games (I've played a few space ones), so I can't really pick apart the mechanics like most of these other reviewers, as I'm still low on the learning curve as in I know how to play the game but a lot of the in-depth controls and choices and mechanics are still unknown to me.Having said that I suggest you ""try"" this game elsewhere on your PC before you buy it. The game becomes unplayable mid-late/late game 1944-1946+ for me and I have higher than recommended specs. I turned down everything as low as possible and I still get to the point where I just can't play the game, where I'm getting 1 frame a minute or a CTD.Apprently for some people it works without issue, I don't know how it does. But this late game lag/freezing seems to be a fairly common problem from release and from having played Stellaris (their space 4x) it's the same issue because it's the same engine.Not sure what causes this issue but its game that is CPU intensive and runs at 32-bit. So try it and if it runs for you in late game, but it."
76561198023545818,Not Recommended,394360,28404851,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,This Guy?,It's a very shallow game that will take 5-6 more DLC's to be worth buying.  Save yourself some money and wait a year or two and buy it all on sale.
,Recommended,394360,24053655,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SurfnBird,Comparied to the overly complex HOI3 this game dials it back a bit and in my opinion making it more fun. You still need to micromanage to getr best use of troops but battleplans and AI work alot better and dosnt take as much effort as HOI3 where you had to build every level of your army from theater fronts to corps commanders. Over all I like it and will play for many hours.
,Recommended,394360,23445762,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SilenNex,Fantastic
,Recommended,394360,23452309,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,VBme,Paradox engineering at its finest!
,Recommended,394360,23889985,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BENITO,"Great game, worth every penny."
76561197988001080,Recommended,394360,24060813,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Darkshader,"Wow... there's still a LOTof updating and tweaking needed, especially to the UI, but man this is easily one of the most fun games I've ever played. Already hopelessly addicted."
76561197972766065,Not Recommended,394360,32532754,Posted: 18 June,all,Viking,"I love the game but the AI barely works and instead of fixing it they keep pumping out pointless and overpriced DLC. Paradox does not care about its community, they do not care about making a decent game. I recomend buying it on a sale cause i'v still gotten quite alot of good gaming hours out of it, but dont buy the DLC, download Road to 56 mod instead."
76561198061419040,Recommended,394360,24140011,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Long Dong Silvers,-Became Soviet Union-Planned to take over Poland-Declared war on Poland-Realized that Germany sent volunteers to help Poland11/10 best game on Steam
,Not Recommended,394360,27463040,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,badmanHAL64,"As of 23/06/17 I'm changing this to a negative review in wake of the release of Death or Dishonour:- AI is still downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You can get a 100:1 K:D against some countries [https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/171538555561675257/A5CBC00548DFCA689C9D83014378E29AAE750CEE/] on veteran difficulty with little effort because they don't defend themselves properly and pick the worst doctrines, high command, division templates and economic laws.- There are still no diplomatic options which makes having factions or playing with other players a pain.- Bugs such as countries randomly joining your faction when there's nothing you can do about it (because there's no diplomatic option to kick them out).- Air combat is still ♥♥♥♥ed since you have to assign aircraft to a region hundreds of miles wide even if the combat is only in a tiny part of it. Naval combat is almost as bad, with there essentially being no depth to it (if you'll pardon the pun).- Doctrines are still imbalanced with Mass Mobilisation getting no use because *less training time doesn't matter at all*.- Multiplayer games still desync and crash all the time after a few years in-game.- Britain's nation focus tree is pointless for the most part compared to every other major nation and isn't even historically realistic (see: Mobilised Army).- Armour and paratroopers are mostly pointless since the best strategy for pretty much any nation is to just spam infantry/artillery divisions with some mobilised thrown in.- Can we just get a Chinese focus tree for ♥♥♥♥ sake.I still love the game itself and there are mods that fix some of these problems to various degrees but Jesus Christ they've had a year to fix the game and they spent that time making focus trees for Yugoslavia and other irrelevant nations and charging us £8-15 for features that should have been in the game to begin with, so ♥♥♥♥ em. I mean after all we have modders that are making way better focus trees on the workshop and for countries that people actually want to play, so why waste time with that instead of fixing the core mechanics. /rant"
76561198102664309,Not Recommended,394360,32552093,Posted: 18 June,all,joesephschmo,"This game is not worth playing without heavy modding, the gameplay is exceptionally boring youll spend 45 minutes sitting at your computer waiting for another year to tick by, overall the game is not an improvement over HOI3 which came out in '08"
,Not Recommended,394360,32554367,Posted: 18 June,all,Broseph Stalin,Very short into this game's lifespan and already basic features you would expect in an WW2 simulator are locked behind a paywall like license production. AI has no idea what it is doing and paid features are poorly implemented making it seem like the game has been a rushed product since release with little to no concern about quality. Until Paradox fixes the DLC policy and improves a number of mechanics like naval invasion I would avoid this product. If you really want a WW2 simulator right now pick up HOI3 when it goes on sale.
,Recommended,394360,32798308,Posted: 25 June,all,Seafox123,"It's a very good real time stratagy game but it will take a while for you to get used to it. Overall I think its a big step forward from 3, the DLC isnt that good though."
76561198314790333,Recommended,394360,30500149,Posted: 13 March,all,Master Yoda,Hey Thats preety good
76561198068733364,Not Recommended,394360,27745296,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Preytorius,"Not a terrible game but in it's current state I can't reccomend it. The game is just suffering from too many problems, poor ai, glitches,bugs, air combat, lack of feedback etc. For example let's say you surround and destroy ten divisions, the game won't tell you how many soldiers you captured, how much equipment you recovered or how many losses you took, same with air combat so you have no idea how effective your units are. If I were to say the biggest problem with the game though it would be it's too easy, you can defeat the U.S.S.R using nothing but basic infantry divisions, completely destroy the british fleet using naval bombers or naval invade germany and take berlin with absolutely zero resistance. Wait for a year at least so they can iron out all the problems, then it will be amazing, hopefully.P.S. I will change the review when i feel the game is worth reccomending"
76561198042679211,Recommended,394360,33777710,Posted: 24 July,all,kobem97,"Okay, so this is a Grand Strategy War Game, and if you aren't familiar with that, essiential this game is about taking control of one faction. There is not linear story path, and there are virtually no bounds, especially through Mods. If you are familiar with the Total War Franchise or any other Real Time Stratedy Games, it's fairly easy to transition into this game. This is my first HOI game, and I really enjoy it!The AI:It has its limitations, and will both benefit you and destroy you. When I mean destroy, I mean you let the AI hold a front while you are covering a different theatre, and when you go to check on said front, the AI has lost the front and was pushed back. That could be my incompetence, but I'm sure I would have been able to handle said front myself. None the less, the AI is not the best, but what can you expect. It's hard to make good decisions as a robot sometimes, especially in a game that is very far from binary like this.The Game Play:The tutorial really sucks, and I had to go on youtube and watch a 2 hour video to give me the basics. Then I went back to the tutorial and properly did it. Although I think the Tutorial is set up perfectly for Italy as you start off in a war, and allows you to join the Axis so you can learn diplomacy. Overall for the gameplay, once you learned the mechanics and the ins and outs, you get fairly well adjusted and get addicted. You want to conquer the world, and do as much as possible. What is nice is that you have a fairly even playing field with the AI when you play as a minor country. But if you play as a major country, most likely, that specific game will last you around 5 hours due to the poor AI, no matter the difficulty. The Diplomacy part of the game can be a little shotty as you find yourself in a situation where you want something but it wont and cannot happen. Like if you influence a country to become communist like Mexico, it's not guaranteed to join the Comitern because Mexico could be like ""Nah, the allies are chill"".Overall Personal Opinion:It's easy to get sucked into the game and I absolutely love it. I like to sometimes play spectator mode without historical AI and watch the world burn. I get very devoted to my country and I really enjoy the game. It has a steep learning curve in the beginning, but it's well worth it in the end when you really understand the game mechanics. The first week when I bought the game, I have 50 hours already, that 2 out of the 7 days I spent on the game. I really do enjoy it, but if you want something with more of a story, or a linear plot, this is not the game for you. This game is really worth it during any sale, because at $40.00 it can be a bit overpriced in my opinion. But I don't regret the $40.00 I spent.P.S. Don't waste your time on the DLC when you can get free mods that are easily 2X better than the DLC itself."
,Recommended,394360,27866110,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Solomon Rothschild,Isis uses this as a stragetic adviser.
76561198202796512,Recommended,394360,24141568,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MattOfHouseNeek,"I highly suggest watching let's plays and reading strategy guides before playing, even with ingame toutorials there's still a pretty notable learning curve. The fun is drained a little when you don't know what you're doing."
76561198169397650,Recommended,394360,23427245,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Talking Potato,Hitler Simulator
,Recommended,394360,23427209,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Rockett,Opened the start up menu. Ez 11/10
76561198062557580,Recommended,394360,23427286,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cataclysm,Started as China...Mostly teched up waiting for Japan to attack.Japan attacks...all China joins in defence...Could not cover the left half of my flank properly..And got annexed by Japan...Will gain more experience before giving China a go again...
76561198167410555,Not Recommended,394360,32520517,Posted: 17 June,all,DavidP1593™,Anyone remember the horse armor dlc for Oblivion?
,Not Recommended,394360,27495117,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,아이어,"Not recommended.It is indeed far behind Hearts of Iron 3 and thus i cant enjoy it.Too much things have been simlpified, micromanaging is not a thing anymore, even if you play without battle plans ( pls dont ) its just a mess.This game is dumped down in literally every aspect compared to Hoi3 / 2.So many people complained and cried about the complexity of Hoi3, that paradox obviously made the game simple so it adresses more people. What they forgot though is the fact that they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all the Hoi-franchise veterans, who all these years supported paradox and the game, people like me. I am fairly disappointed at the game, in its mechanics and everything.Everything in this game does just not seem to fit in its place. Mid-game the map looks like a unicorn♥♥♥♥♥♥on the map, its horrible. The technology tree is super simple and is completely researched in 43 and has no depth at all. A Russian tank 1942 has same stats as a german tank 1942, a french tank 1942 and so forth, this goes for everything. This for example takes out a lot of depth.The thing that grinds my gears the most is the battle plan system and its mechanics. The leader just puts those units randomly at the border, Tank divisions in swamps , mechanized infrantry on hills etc.. just things that dont make sense at all. You could also do that manually, but then you will realize what kind of a mess that is since they took out the OOB.The more you simlpify, the more depth you take out of the game, where as Hoi3 and Hoi2 are the diamonds under the Grandstrategy games, this game is like a arcade spin-off.I want to be fair, and i also played it quite a while, so one could argue why i still rate it negative, since i got those hours in the price i paid already well: I am disappointed and sad to what they did to the franchise with the 4th part. Singleplayer mode ( i value this the most of games ) is boring AF. Multiplayer works nice and is fun, untill you set everything up and go to war. It becomes boring very quickly.TL;DR: Too many people complained/cried about the complexity of hoi3, Paradox developed a arcade spin-off.For Die-hard  military - strategy fans: Go buy 3 and 2."
,Not Recommended,394360,32516933,Posted: 17 June,all,[2.FJg]TexasFury-Sldt,"I guess Paradox no longer cares about their customers. Shame, a wonderful game if they'd just fix the AI issues. But $$$ over players, I guess."
,Recommended,394360,30769637,Posted: 27 March,all,Messerschmitt╬,fun game but fak load of bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥tt
,Recommended,394360,28798391,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Regular L0r3nz0,"10/10 you can play as hitler and win world war 2, i see no problems that could arise. and also, overpriced DLC. but still, its very fun."
76561198120358478,Recommended,394360,32966315,Posted: 28 June,all,PartyCheese,"The game is really fun, I've enjoyed playing the game and watching it played on YouTube, but Paradox needs to listen to their community, the whole DLC situation is a mess, they need to recognize that if they want to keep their community growing, they need to add more base content to the game.For example, the DLC: Death or Dishoner should be included in the base game. But I'm not saying DLC shouldn't exist, im saying that it shouldn't have a huge impact on the game whether you have it or not. The future of this game is in the hands of the developers, if they want to make profit for a couple more years, then keep doing what your doing, but if you want your game to last a long time, then listen to the community, we play the game, we know how it is.But other than that, you've made a nice game. I give it a 7/10 (-2 for DLC, -1 for personal preference reasons)"
76561198049344025,Recommended,394360,28384455,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,pizzavreter5000,Still have no idea what I'm doing. But 10/10 would become fascist Britain again
,Recommended,394360,23640172,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Disciple™,Its good
,Recommended,394360,23452666,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Cole C.,"This game is an incredibly detailed grand strategy game. Probably my favorite Paradox game aside from Europa Universalis. If you're on the fence about this game, get it"
76561198007274233,Recommended,394360,24026753,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sforza,Hours of comprehensive WWII era challenges!  Will continue to game until HoI V.
,Recommended,394360,24042268,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,VaultBoy,First HoI game. Very pleased. Very addicting.
,Not Recommended,394360,32521065,Posted: 17 June,all,Timtim,"Absolutely awful execution by Paradox.  I really wanted to like this game.  I really did.The lack of core gameplay is horrendous.  The UI is horrendous.  The detail (or lack thereof in this case) is horrendous.It's like they took everything from HOI3 that was good (combat and OOB management for me) and proceeded to shave off as much as they could while still implementing it in the game.If you liked HOI3, DO NOT buy HOI4."
76561198174964567,Recommended,394360,33205860,Posted: 3 July,all,Not My Rodrick,"I highly suggest buting this game. The only reason people are hating on this game is the DLC content. You don't need to buy DLC and should instead download mods like road to 56. This is the best RTS game I have played.The AI acts dumb sometimes, like leaving entire parts of fronts open, but when the AI decides to be intelligent it is a fun challenge to defeat them. It is easy to get hooked and pour hundreds of hours into this game.Overall HOI IV is a fairly easy game to get into and start playing, but I would definitely recomend playing the tutorial and/or watching a youtuber do a play through."
76561197993791840,Not Recommended,394360,34541672,Posted: 27 August,all,justininho,"Its complexity is undermined by one basic, yet major flaw, that needs fixing as it slows down everything: you only pay to build not to maintain.As there's no wages to pay, and as the economy doesn't take a hit from a conscripted workforce - it chugs along so long as it's functioning - there's no reason to disband units once the war is over, so the game gets bogged down because all the AI does is build more units if the popcap lets it.Every game has ended with a massive war between the USSR and Chinese on a front that extends from Tibet to the Kamchatka Peninsula with Japan being a puppet of one or the other. That's a big front with a lot of divisions constantly fighting. At the same time I was surprised to see Canada felt the need to field 12 division in the Yukon, New Zealand had 40 division spread over two islands, so on and so on,This means that fighting or not there's a lot of divisions that move, train, re-equip, entrench etc. That's a lot of calculation. Too much to make it satisfying in the long term, unlike CK2, where war is financially crippling and keeps everyone operating according to their incomes. NZ with 40 divisions? Don't even try to make eye contact with me if you think NZ could afford to maintain 400K+ men in the field as a standing force all year. They would go broke in a week.There also need to be overhauls in the navy and airforce (maneuvers, upgrading vessels and keeping crews, more research - not just vessels, mulberry harbours, firing drills, better ammunition, bomb sights), there should be spies stealing battle plans, sabotaging nuclear programs, leaking false plans to lure defenders from positions.The game also dies historically: Where is Ghandi? Tito? Castro? Gulags? Palestine/Israel? Deathcamps and Waffen SS units Where are the anti-colonial uprisings in Africa and Asia? Vietnam? Algiers? I played my first game until 1970, waiting for the war to end (German-Polish War - just between the Russians and Chinese) and none of these appeared.Finally: It plays at being complex but it's not a complete game. It needs to get married to Victoria 2 and have a baby and then be schooled by CK2 and EU. Buy on sale."
76561198127758190,Recommended,394360,28089015,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Magicro,Ethiopia will rise again.
,Not Recommended,394360,28901508,Posted: 1 January,all,Eiya,Hope you like haikusIncomplete gameNeeds no strategyOverpriced DLC
76561198006777126,Not Recommended,394360,26424843,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,juggaloboys,"This game is very fun to play, however there are too many crash events especially in regular campaign. Then there is the DLC coming that will be giving functions that should already be in the vanilla version but are not. The sprites are better, and it feels like they definitely worked on the learning curve since past games to try to streamline the playing, but the crashes just make this game not worth playing."
76561198081436358,Recommended,394360,32802597,Posted: 25 June,all,Paul von Hindenburg,"This game is amazing, it is fun, indepth and has an amazing and active community. Paradox continues to make free updates as well as DLC and supports the game as its player base grows."
76561198006591585,Not Recommended,394360,31795467,Posted: 16 May,all,Chief Zuma,"I'm a big fan of Paradox games going back to Hearts of Iron 2 but this one just isn't for me.HOI IV's attempts to simplify HOI3's formula made the game more confusing to me, while also robbing it of depth.I don't enjoy the convoluted production system.I don't like the rearrangement of the sea and air campaign manager.I don't like that armies don't have a proper chain of command anymore (they're just massive collections of divisions with a general at the head).I do like that the campaign is generally more open-ended, and there is the option to make it more or less scripted to be exactly like WWII. This is huge since, much as I loved the gameplay of 3, it got tiresome playing WWII again and again. This freedom is increased with the excellent addition of the steam workshop and its many wonderful scenarios, some of which are quite well developed.All that said though, I just can't get into this style of a hearts of Iron game."
,Not Recommended,394360,32946370,Posted: 28 June,all,-|NOR|-Dibos00,The game is fun but there's still a lot lacking and unfortunately this is most likely going to be patched in through DLC
76561198098412555,Not Recommended,394360,35292334,Posted: 29 September,all,Pepik,"I cannot recommend this game. I am not a very wealthy person, and spending money on all of the DLC's is impossible for me. Any new DLC makes playing on the internet with other players impossible, so you have to buy them to play on-line.The game is interesting,  but i feel like the price is too high for what we get (especially for the DLC's)."
76561198142283517,Recommended,394360,33577675,Posted: 15 July,all,dahogger,"In my opinion, this is a wonderful concept with a great developer but the worst marketer, like a ♥♥♥♥ing dlc that adds stuff for a few minor countries shouldn't cost 10 5 2 or 1 bucks, it should be in the game. Also fix the ♥♥♥♥ing AI. Iron man did a better with his AI, and it tried to destroy the world.   DONT BUY THE DLCS UNLESS U ARE RICH OR DO IT FOR YOUTUBE."
76561198074296994,Recommended,394360,33224066,Posted: 4 July,all,khalimdorch,"I have played every hearts of iron. I must say that this one has great potential. Although not yet great in its current state but with the help of the modding community, this is going to be great game."
76561198067098611,Not Recommended,394360,35428713,Posted: 2 October,all,Červánky,"If there was a maybe option, I'd give this a maybe recomendation. The game is good. Yet, the game feels abandoned to a degree by Paradox, having played Stellaris it feels as if they have neglected some aspects by way of comparison. It is also strictly a war game, whereas Stellaris feels as though it has greater diplomatic/economic/event aspects to the game. The game also does a good job at trying to jew you with dlc second only to the Total War franchise. But, at its core it is a very fun game, and on top of that it has a good modding community. However, without extensive mods I don't think I would have played this game past 100 hours. So all in all, by comparison to other Paradox games I'm not sure this is their best; however, if you are a fan of Paradox, or a WW2/Modern History fan, then go ahead and pick this up."
,Recommended,394360,34734451,Posted: 4 September,all,shadow4thedark,I made bigger tactical blunders than Hitler.
76561198139532521,Recommended,394360,35122127,Posted: 22 September,all,snubbhipyboy,it have some major problems like the peace deal system and the brain dead AI. and that there is almost no diplomacy that you can use. but if you are locking for a war sim then you should buy it.
,Recommended,394360,35157296,Posted: 23 September,all,bögskYtten64,Deutschland über alles.
,Recommended,394360,35215170,Posted: 25 September,all,{[MEMEZ]} The Trashman,"An absolutely amazing game, don't listen to the people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the DLC because you don't need them (unlike in EU4). The base game is fun, but the mods are incredible.Here's a short list:-Blackice: Adds tons of content to the game, and makes it much more detailed (for you EU4 fanatics out there that like a little bit more micromanaging). New, branching research trees, focus trees, unit types, NATO symbolsm and so much more.-Millennium Dawn: The world in 2000. It's incredibly well made, and constantly updated. Ever wanted to start out as Germany and turn it into Georg Freidrich von Hohenzollern's new German Empire? You can do it in this mod.-Kaiserreich: A fantastic alternate history mod that takes place in a scenario where Germany won WW1, and the Kaiser is still in power, with a group of ""Middle-European"" client states to back him up. However, France and England are Syndicalist, and they start this world's version of WW2 with the Germans.These are only a few of the great mods for this game, all on the workshop. Get it, you WON'T be dissappointed!"
,Recommended,394360,35232555,Posted: 26 September,all,RelaxedGamer,"Teaches children that spreading fascism and communism hurts nobody, and that its easy to take over the world if your Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union.10/10 Would Spread Communism and make Lebenshraum again."
76561198118139372,Recommended,394360,34956435,Posted: 14 September,all,The Gamer,A lot of really great mods
76561198155653362,Recommended,394360,35140963,Posted: 22 September,all,hanso1ocup2000,Thank God I bought the game yesterday for 40$ just for it to be 60% off thanks or the warning >:(
,Recommended,394360,35069452,Posted: 19 September,all,DrakoXander,"Would reccomend, best game I've played in a while."
,Recommended,394360,35219800,Posted: 26 September,all,The22ndDivision,"Great game, even after 550h. Game doesn’t get dry after such a long time due to the numerous countries and scenarios you can make and challenge yourself (especially with mods and multiplayer!) AI does need some work however, but Paradox is generally doing a great job with the patch fixes and updates!"
76561198047866239,Not Recommended,394360,26055290,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,celerycoloured,"A great game, if much simplified from previous HOI titles, at least the UI is better. The biggest problem is the terrible AI. If all countries were played by players it would play out similar to World War 2, but as it is now the AI flops about doing nothing, or making stupid decisions that make no sense, like moving units away from critical front lines or declaring war on countries it can't fight. I really want to rate this positively but in its current state it's just like beta software."
76561198072983205,Not Recommended,394360,27845336,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,THIEL E DUM,i'd suggest you wait for an update to the ai and for the price to drop.
76561198094081727,Not Recommended,394360,28147087,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CrossDownStreet,"I wish i could give the game a positive review, but since the game stopped working ive nevver been able to play it since, even after trying multiple guides. However, for time i had i had this game it was still a decent game. Its just hard to like a game you cant play."
76561198082421703,Not Recommended,394360,28147818,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BUM,I was incredibly excited when I first picked up the game but the lackluster mechanics in-game have killed my desire to continue playing. The battle planner is the most dissapointing mechanic. The planner is clunky and not useful. It makes the wars mind numbingly dull. You can speed 5 the whole game and pay no attention to the game. The short time period leads to incredibly short games if you do not have the time to play multiplayer.  Unless the base game sees major improvements I see very little reason that I will continue to play this game.
76561198038931339,Not Recommended,394360,28262063,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,redeus,"I tried really hard to like this game but despite the mods, the very good equipment production system and most important of all, it being hearts of iron game by paradox I hate this game. I was a very big fan of hoi3 and would have went along with a few siplifications for the 4th part. But in hoi4 so many good aspects of the game were thrown out and replaced with unfinished or unfitting concepts that it hurts. Less micromanagement - fine, but this not the way to do it!I urge anyone to play a few hours of hoi3 to see the difference. I regret having bought this game and for me paradox lost a lot of credibility. If there is ever to become a sequel to this miscarriage, paradox really should stick to the original game ahis game from and erase the hearts of iron history all together."
76561198092046523,Not Recommended,394360,28264392,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Boukert,"I played all the HOI games and was hyped up about the HOI4 release! I followed the weekly video presentations with Daniel and was ready for my next step in the HOI franchise......but alas it has not delivered one bit.Horrible AI, a simple as♥♥♥♥♥♥battle system. No more espionage, frontlines can ♥♥♥♥ up easily so your troops are all over the place (or getting sunk by navy when relocating to a coastal pocket), tech tree is dissapointingly shallow, Specialist attacks or moves are nearly impossible, navy and airforce useage are dumbed down severely, command stucture is way to shallow, AI is way to easy to beat etc etcetera.It all just feels like an hollowed out, dumbed down, arcade multiplayer version of HOI. It doesn't even come close to the extensive and challenging experience HOI3 offered. I gave the game a real shot but I am severely dissapointed. I don't think any DLC's will fix this either."
76561198051514014,Not Recommended,394360,26077985,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TehArgz,"First of all, this is a great game.  Second of all, the AI is not smart enough to play it.I stopped trying to play as axis, unless you are germany, germany will not be able to handle it.The bottom line is that it is a great, complex, immersive game.  It's not perfect, but it is good and with mods it could be better.  The AI holds the game back however.  I would probably recommend this game for multiplayer, but in my opinion, until the ai is improved the single player game doesn't hold up as well as it should.This is not so much as a negative review as it is a warning review."
76561198062357029,Not Recommended,394360,33104775,Posted: 1 July,all,Smithicai,"I'm sick of the DLC content that should be in the game already. If you are going to make a DLC make it better. Lastly, the A.I. is so bad I would give it a thumbs down just for that."
,Recommended,394360,29600490,Posted: 30 January,all,Butter,"Plague Inc, but actually really good and fun, and actually worth the money. Definitely one of the best games to exist."
76561198049840096,Recommended,394360,23438910,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sage,"-Friend and I struggle with connection to start a game-Many issues with our lag-Finally start a game-I am Turkey and He is Greece-It is 1939-We build and build-We wait in fear-Italy strikes hard and fast-Italy Wins East Africa-Poland Falls-My Friend and I start justifying claims in Bulgaria-Russia attacks Finland-Hitler Grows-Russia white peaces Finland-Spain joins the Axis-Spain conquers bits of southern France and North Africa-Hitler grows-We Attack Bulgaria-France Falls in France-France Grows in Africa-We conquer and split Bulgaria after we fail at peace conferences-Hitler grows-UK and French Africa are the last Allies-My friend and I form a faction: ""Last Best Hope for Humanity""-I Conquer Iraq-I declare war on Saudi Arabia-Greece becomes Fascist which causes a split-Greece remains in the faction and my friend becomes Fascist Greece-I win Saudi Arabia-My friend joins Axis-My friend annhilates Greece-Turkey is the Last Best Hope for Humanity, who would have guessed?-Internet shuts down and we sit in silence-We grieve for Humanity10/10 for reenacting history exactly"
76561198249425422,Not Recommended,394360,32609134,Posted: 20 June,all,GabrielKern,"There are huge bugs in air combat.When I sent 500 1950 fighters with all parts modified to maximum in English Channel and fight with German fighter, I lost only few fighters. But when the same fighter group dealt with bombers or CAS in the exactly same place, even 20 1936 CAS can shoot down massive fighters.You guys should check the system carefully before released it"
76561198009782677,Not Recommended,394360,32634541,Posted: 21 June,all,sum_stupid_punk,"The learning curve for this game is needlessly complicated. I really wanted to love this game, but its just too much. The video tutorials also leave out about 90 percent of the information that informs the decisons the games make and you have dig through a ton of players tips and guides.I honestly don't unerstand the reasoning behind making this so complicated. I've got tons of time logged into Stellaris, Crusader Kings and a little bit in Europa; but this one is just stupidly difficult to pick up."
76561197986199124,Not Recommended,394360,32608083,Posted: 20 June,all,38,Little to do when not at war.  Most of the game is played at 5x speed except when starting the war.  AI cant handle a solid push of well equipted light armor.  Air war is not needed and the sea is quite pointless for allies.  Little in the way of varration between games.  The graphics can be a LOT better in some areas.This is a DLC sales machine not an actual game.... getting fed up with Paradox and their BS
76561198213399889,Recommended,394360,23427405,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Beans,"This game in my mind is the best World War 2 strategy game yet! It is very in depth from making sure you have enough infantry equipment to building more military factories. Hearts of Iron 4 is very complex, yet easy to learn, You can draw battle plans right on the map! This game has so many great features that seperates itself from other World War 2 strategy games. I recomend buying it today and playing it!10/10"
76561198016865766,Not Recommended,394360,29054867,Posted: 6 January,all,Colosus7,Took my money and ran
76561198044398179,Recommended,394360,26569990,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Some Twat,You can play how the world should of been ;) 10/10 love it
,Recommended,394360,24542026,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[RLM] Lorenzoo,"This game is awesome, if you like strategy games a lot. For example Civ =D"
,Recommended,394360,24123638,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sushi,"One of those games where your friends go ""oh yeah get this and we'll play together"".Don't listen to their lies, you will spend countless hours in singleplayer."
76561198059890033,Recommended,394360,23444773,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Armagh Sniper,You will get addicted to this game if you like strategy. Easily one of the best strategy games ever made. It has the added bonus of being relatively simple for a paradox game.
76561198360243864,Recommended,394360,33148801,Posted: 2 July,all,Litfamthiccthigh,Best Grand Strategy game I've played.
,Recommended,394360,23445871,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,keef the nazbol reindeer,its like hearts of iron iii but actually comprehensable and not a cluster♥♥♥♥ of useless information
,Recommended,394360,24102923,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kveldulf,"I loved Crusader Kings II and Europa Universalis IV so when I heard this game camw out I had to try it out. After many hours, I have to say I really like the game. Yes there are a lot of bugs and AI issues, the battle plan system is still a wee bit broken. But if Paradox does what they do to their other games they will iron out all the issues making the game solid.  Also I have heard complaints about Hearts of Iron III being mor ein depth and in my opinion I had a hard time trying to get into the game so I guess I'm one of those dum-dum arm-chair genrals.  But I don't mind, as long as I am having fun."
,Recommended,394360,23739655,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,"John ""SCI"" Cessna",Fun for the whole family
76561198026324180,Recommended,394360,23428458,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,JaySmif - Logi,"The learning curve is a little tough on beginners, but if you are new to the series I recommend on weathering out the storm.  Once you get the basics down the game runs itself and you are free to focus your attention on advanced features in the game without having to micro manage like other HOI games.11.5/10would read the wiki again"
,Recommended,394360,23429788,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Douglas-H,"10/10. Most things improved, new feature added, and worth spending more time.ah.. and more DLCs"
76561198074941397,Recommended,394360,23428426,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,aj98,"This game lives up to expectations, AND gets a bit better.Pros:Dynamic Civil wars provide much needed flavor to interwar countriesThe game maintains complexity, while making everything easily accessibleThe game is BEAUTIFUL all of the art, units, and portraits are well doneDiplomacy is much easier to understandEverything is moddableCons:You cannot automate production like you could in hoi3, this can cause problems if you're engrossed in a warNo theatres, you tell generals where to go, but GENERALS CANNOT BE AUTOMATEDOverall, this game is somewhere between EU4 and Vic2 levels of difficulty.  It is also very easy to figure out, and it seems to have good replay value.9.5/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,394360,23429949,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,"SoHigh,Whaaaaat?","= Hearts of Iron IV =--- Cadet Edition ---Entertained the Tutorial button, but quickly returned to Main Menu.Started the game as Germany (of course), 1936 scenario (so I could control my own buildup), Regular difficulty (cause I'm tough, but not that tough), and unchecked Historic AI (just to make things interesting).Immediately reoccupy Rhineland; France and Britain mobilize, tell me to back down, but do I back down?Wouldn't be much fun if I did...Early March, 1936: at war with UK, France, + other allies (pansies). I'm unprepared, but so are they.I distract the French Army, pulling most of their forces to the northern front, sneak three divisions into the southern front; blitz, flank, push-back, repeat.Mid April, 1936: France capitulates... Presently preparing for Sealion...It's going to be an interesting war.----------- What! No more loading times!?- UI is clean; smooth.- Map is gorgeous.- Day and night cycles... 'nuf said...- 3D models palpable (as in, they no longer look like they're kissing their own ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).- Air battles, naval bombings, strategic bombings --these all look nice.- Hey, I know that soundtrack! But where are the Valkyries?----------All in all, it was well worth the wait... The war will be over before the winter, but the amount of time I put into this game may last many more..."
,Recommended,394360,23819604,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Velihopea,"General Review: 9+ . HOI4 is another succesfull launch from Paradox and keeps the high standards of EU4 and CK2. HOI4 might be a bit more complex and not as newbie friendly as EU4 or CK2, but it's not too complicated either. HOI4 has huge immersion level compared to pretty mediocre HOI3 and introduces a lot better UI, better gameplay systems and graphics.Pros (mostly versus HOI3):+ (Almost) No bugs. 50 hours in and _I_ haven't had a single CTD or any other bug+ UI is clear and informative (expect missing notification options)+ Graphics, just beautifull+ Production system (Individual equipment, variants, split into Military / Naval / Civilian Factories, efficiency gains)+ Experience system+ Air warfare (Informative, now you know what is happening. Aces!)+ Statistics! (casualties, airwar casualties, ship stats). HOI series has never had these to this extent.+ Naval invasions (How did they not get this right in HOI3 after years of patches. It is still not perfect but far superior to HOI3. I just liquidated 30 US divisions from the beachhead in France the AI created in a few days. Now I really have to keep a meaningfull force in France & Spain.)+ Supply system (Not as complex as in HOI3 and I haven't yet dug into it, but seems pretty ok)+ You can create your own Factions! Italy FIrst! I cannot underline how much this (potentially) changes the game to player.+ National Foci. Set the nation to different paths, nice gameplay system for player, but also directs the AI to certain directions.+ Historical AI or Sandbox AI. You can choose from options how the AI plays.+ National ideas. You can use national points to hire ministers/research teams/chiefs of staff etc+ Naval warfare ( a bit more informative than HOI3, not as much as air war. Also somehow more manageable )+ Resources ( Much more immersive and better linked to production than the previous division. HOI3 Stockpiles did not feel right and could be gamed so getting rid of them is a plus. )+ Volunteers ( Control over them gives you some war to do in early Peacetime, neat trick from Paradox)+ Immersion (Most of the things listed above create this and you don't have to install/wait for Francesco's mod to have PzKpfw I and not some general ' light tank'.)+/- Research system (Destroying the link to leadership and the ledger a good thing? Different division fo reasechable items seems to be more of a positive than negative?)+/- Trade (Feels more easy to handle)+/- OOB (simplified, but much more manageable)+/- AI (HOI3 did not shine there either. Now we at least have naval invasions)- Port strike, naval strike notification spam!- lack of notifications, or customization of thereoff- I miss the diplomacy triangle (well, it couldn't be a triangle anymore anyhow)"
76561198007432754,Recommended,394360,23930734,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,daniel_brookhart,"Wonderful game, however you are missing the sprites for all the jet aircraft"
76561198177109234,Recommended,394360,23937921,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TardyPop,good
,Recommended,394360,24102079,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Paz,"++++-Really accessible compared to HoI3-For the most part, allows you to make a general plan and stick with it (Want to go full Fascist as Poland and join the Axis? You can. Want to go full communist as France? sure. Set up plans to retake and control the Med as Italy? Definitely)-Controlling production and construction adds a bit of Factorio-like gameplay to the mix-Streamlined research and National Focus means you can theorycraft your builds and campaigns easier-Army control can be a simple or as complex as you like-----Visual clutter can be overwhelming due to division spam (too many divisions!)-AI takes too long to respond to your actions, and it's often too late-AI does ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ things like leave fronts open and vulnerable to reinforce Africa (!)-Battleplan AI needs to be deeper. It's good for general, wide pushes but falls apart otherwiseVerdict:-Still a little bit rough around the edges, but most Paradox fans tell me it gets better in time (I started with PDX late into EU4)-At it's current state, can probably recommend to strategy gamers, but not without reservations-However, can definitely recommend to WW2-enthusiasts who wants a GSG if that makes sense"
,Recommended,394360,24106511,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,♕PappY,"this is my first time playing a paradox game, after seeing other recent hearts of iron games i saw it was a good game.Then i saw this game and thought if other hearts of iron games had amazing reviews i guess ill buy it and play this amazing game. i bought it 2 weeks after the release played as america just to test the settings and gameplay, blah blah blah.i played as germany and took over the world (it was on easy cus i was new xD) i played as england and stoped germany from taking france and played as axis america and helped germany win the war.in this game you can make history the same and not change it at all, or you can make your own history, in this game you can do anything, well maybe not anything but you know what i mean lol.you can play as axis russia, you can play as axia england, you can play as comunist america, democartic germany and much more.i give this game  a 7/10If your wondering why i gave it a 7/10 its because of MultiplayerMultiplayer has lots of problems, the worst 2 are being stuck in the peace confrence and the host having to rehost the game, and when a player is a war for ex Communist france declars war on belguim, some players wont see the borers changing, they still see belgium.Well those a re 2 big problems, there a smaller ones, but Multiplayer takes 3  points :/7/10 i still recomend it"
76561198025581192,Recommended,394360,24028370,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bomtaker01,"It takes a long time to make things happen and it can be really slow, but when things happen, its delightful, get it if you like tactical planning. but avoid this game if you dislike slow starts because some of the factions are really slow to get anywhere"
,Not Recommended,394360,33867830,Posted: 28 July,all,Theodora,"Hearts of Iron IV is an excellent simulation of what World War II would have been like if everyone on Earth had suffered severe brain damage.The AI is laughable and makes losing nearly impossible. You'll often find yourself wondering why an attack is going so well before realising the enemy have piled around 30 starving divisions in one place, right where you can encircle them. Even if it doesn't massively screw up in such a way it'll still end up making a series of dumb decisions that lead to a player victory that you feel you don't exactly deserve. To this day I have not lost a single game except as Poland and I suck at HOI.Of course AI issues could be ignored if the game had enough depth to warrant any further interest; sadly that's not the case. The game feels pretty barebones in many areas and Paradox have done nothing to fill the void, instead opting to provide content that should have been in the base game through tiny yet overpriced expansions. The DLC practices surrounding this game are even worse than those of EA and Ubisoft.I'd only recommend this game for the Kaiserreich mod. Even in its early stages it still feels 10x more fleshed out than the base game (although the bad AI and other gameplay issues remain present). If you have no interest in the mod go and play Hearts of Iron III. It's better in every way and cheaper on top of that."
76561198037925367,Not Recommended,394360,33981577,Posted: 2 August,all,Maximilian,"Skip to bottom for short overview.Starting things off: The AI is completely braindead. It will do such things as: use its tiny fleet to battle your massive one in open combat, leave entire areas of its country unprotected, disregard terrain weather and supply lines, and send endless tiny naval invasions, that acomplish nothing except annoy you. And to add insult to injury; Paradox is charging $10-$15 for DLC that contain either small features that should have been in the game at launch, or things that mods have already done better. There are barely any events; which makes the game feel lifeless and barren, and even a year on, the most minor nations still have the generic unit model, focus tree and leader portrait. The lack of any sort of graphic diversity continues with equipment, where every single ship model is the exact same for every nation, and even the majors are VERY lacking when it comes to variety in their equipment iconography.Compared to to other Paradox grand strategies, HOI4 has an embarassing lack of political and strategic depth. Even on hard you can just steamroll the USSR in 1938 as Germany by assigning all your troops to 1 army and assigning 1 attack order spanning the entire front. The braindead AI doesn't build any troops and leaves huge gaps in its lines which allow you to drive into Moscow with no resistance. All the depth of planning a complex operation has been removed by the fact your entire nation's military can be put into 1 army and commanded by 1 general with no need for other leaders or any delegation of command. In politics the situation is just as bad. The options are very shallow compared to Ck2 and Eu4, and that would be ok if the war politics were much better; this is a wargame after all. But no, the wars are MUCH worse than Eu4 and even Ck2 in terms of politics. Now you might wonder how you can have less depth than a game with only 3 options, (Enforce wargoal, white peace and surrender.) The answer is take out 2 of those options. Wars in HOI are garbage. There is only total victory, total defeat, and nothing in between. You cant even surrender! How could they not add in this very basic feature that is in every other strategy game ever made? Eu4's system of taking things based on warscore and other factors is great, why did Paradox dumb it down to be worse than Ck2? There is an option called offer peace, but in 300 hours I have never had the AI accept it, because losing half of its territory and 1.5 million of its soldiers isnt enough for a white peace to the AI. Also, the factions are garbage too; you have no control over anything they do or policies they implement. You can't even kick members out! Again another extremely basic mechanic not implemented after a whole year on the market.The bright side: The game has a solid foundation, and I have never experienced any crashing or lag problems. But perhaps the biggest saving grace of this game is the modding community. The mods are numerous and they are extremely easy to use. And they do everything from fixing problems with vanilla, to making new scenarios entirely. Just take a look at Kaiserreich to see how a small team of modders without access to the source code can make a much more dynamic interesting, and immersive experience than the vanilla game.In conclusion: Over a year after release, HOI4 still feels incomplete and broken. It was not worth your $40 then and it's still not now. Not to mention the $35 extra for dlc that adds stuff that should have been free. I'm a big fan of Paradox's grand strategies but this one just isn't there yet. It would be better to pick it up later down the road, when most of these issues have been fixed. But if you do want to play it now, wait for a sale and prepare for some stupid AI, a shallow politics system, and a lot left wanting in terms of graphical and gameplay diversity."
76561197977346191,Not Recommended,394360,32960525,Posted: 28 June,all,Havoc343,"The honey moon is over Paradox. While yes, Your games are pretty to very good. Sadly, your ethics when it involves DLC is just something I cannot get behind. I'm sorry but it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth and the taste has only gotten worse as time has dragged on.Cutting up some of the overall pie into DLC kind of makes sense (On the fence about DLC as a whole). But when you cut that DLC section of pie even further into slivers and have them set at the prices that they are. Well, it feels a little bit like a slap in the face.Dont get me wrong, I love yours games, really I do. But again, your ethics with DLC has left a worsening taste in my mouth that I can no longer stay quite about and abide by."
,Not Recommended,394360,33325646,Posted: 6 July,all,Dadecum,"made a mod that made pauline hanson the leader of fascist australia, 10/10have way more hours than it says, probably about 200 moretoo bad its WAAAAY too overpriced, do not recommend at its current price"
76561198062096510,Recommended,394360,23425361,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Jutnik,"Bought the game, played it for three hours, did not even make it to the actual war.10/10 Would micro-manage again."
,Recommended,394360,29867145,Posted: 12 February,all,Shortpower,Polish Russian war in a nut shell100 Polish divisions defend aggressively against soviet attack (In this defense they may have accidentally stumbled onto Moscow)70(not confirmed) yugoslavian divisions aid their polish brothers in this defenselater into the war the yugoslavians retreat off the line after exemplarly service140 luxembourg divisions take their place
76561198007733579,Recommended,394360,27448884,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,UncleSlam,One of my favorites RTS game
,Recommended,394360,23458246,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,uncle billy,"Very good game, seasoned paradox players might find it slightly easy but fun for sure. One thing to keep in mind is that this is different to EU4 or Vic 2 as it is a senario game not a sandbox."
76561198099460757,Recommended,394360,25704700,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,AwesomePizza138,"Great grand strategy type of game, and it's fun if you know how to play. Takes a little amount of time to learn (the amount of information needed to play is quite ""hearty"" (Ba Dum Tss)) but after that, the game is extremely enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,394360,32516765,Posted: 17 June,all,I Like To Watch Things On TV,">Try to find a multiplayer match>32 minutes before I give up>Banned or kicked from every server I join>Join teamspeak of one server I was banned from>Read the rules: Basically no having fun.>Can't start WW2 until 1939>No using nukes until 1945>Only America can have nukes>No countries that didn't fight in WW2 allowed>No countries that instantly lost in WW2 allowed (Poland, Austria, Czechoslovakia)>Soviet union needs to do Molotov Ribbentrop pact>Everything needs to be completely historically accurate>WW2 weeaboos like the idea that Germany would have totally won but the soviet union and America just got lucky so the game is unbalanced/the rules are set against the allies>""Game will be 7+ hours"" holy♥♥♥♥♥♥these people actually have no life. Like I'm an understanding person but there's something wrong with you if you sit at your computer for that long. Like the most I'd be willing to accept would be 4 hours in a row, with maybe like 8 total hours on the weekend.>Am banned from server for trying to read the rulesMight have been banned for not playing multiplayerBy the way, they mentioned that these rules are on most of the servers and that I was a retard for not knowing.The whole point of this game is ♥♥♥♥ing alternate history and ""what would happen""I pray for the people who play this game's multiplayer, Jesus will help them one day."
,Recommended,394360,23452885,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Drallo,"A franchise unlike any other. Take control of a nation from 1936-1946, control their build up prior to World War 2, influence their alliances, develop their industry and army, then wage war.HOI4 brings a lot of improvements to the table over HOI3, notably an interface that is user friendly, and a scale of decision making that mirrors a nation leader's, not a logistics officer's.There are some problems with the game: the peace process isn't well explained, some AI quirks, more content for important secondary powers like Canada, Finland, Sweden, Romania etc. would have been appreciatedThere will be a ton of DLC and free patches, but the base game is certainly worth the price of admission."
,Not Recommended,394360,32531628,Posted: 18 June,all,Randolf O'hilla,Bad game with overpriced DLC
76561198036657203,Not Recommended,394360,32044325,Posted: 29 May,all,bugrabasgan,What hell loo at the price of the game and DLC hell no !
76561198056415712,Recommended,394360,24161901,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,santaofdeath,"HoI4 is like HoI3 in that it is a WWII themed sandbox strategy game.  It is however, very much unlike HoI3 in feel.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing.  It is fun and addicting in exactly the same way as Civ5.  But it doesn't have that Hearts of Iron feel.  If anything, it seems more like a WWII themed Vicky2, since the history tends to come off the rails at a certain point.It does have some very good features that HoI3 and other Paradox games just don't have:+WWII starts in 1939 and ends in 1945+USSR does not collapse like a rotten barn when Germany kicks in the door+Germany does not get in a cold war with England which lasts until the end of the game+China puts up a good fight and can win+the Spanish Civil War is a tough fight+America bothers to send significant troops to fight in Europe and Asia+Minor countries really fun to play asSome negatives:-Germany collapses like a rotten barn when Stalin comes knocking-Major countries comparatively weak in focus trees compared to minors-so much potential, but lacking flavor (generic tech, generic aviation anf ship sprites)Some Paradox constants:+replayability, the ultimate sandbox-lack of Asian flavor (incorrect Mao portait and lack of leader protraits)-lack of minor country flavor (every latin american leader has the same portrait, just varying tie or bow tie)In summary, HoI4 is a very fun game but it still has so much potential to expand.  DLC will fix that, but it would have been nice to have it all at the start.  That being said, I think most of the outrage is because HoI4 is much more accesible to the general public is not the niche game Paradox usually puts out.  No matter, its a great game and I highly recommend it.8/10"
76561197972277014,Not Recommended,394360,28423164,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Grainsofarcadia,"I really want to love this game, I really do, but I can't recommend it while the AI is broken. I've had play throughs where Nazi Germany declares war on France, then stations it's troops on the border for years without moving at all.In other play throughs Nazi Germany never even gets off the ground, and the war is concluded by 1940 before the big players of the game have even come into it.I would also like to mention that i've had problems with air invasions and naval invasions, sometimes they launch just fine, and other times the soldiers just sit there like lemons inexplicably forever.Another annoyance is the peace conference after the war. The politcal map always look awful after the war is finished, with countries that had hardly any stake in the war taking over land simply because they were part of the alliance. Because of this, countries like Japan end up in control of somewhere like Scotland which completely brakes immersion.I will however say that despite it's bugs and many flaws, I do like this game. I just wish they would patch these bugs so we can enjoy the game in the way that it was meant to be played."
,Recommended,394360,32847930,Posted: 27 June,all,Kiki,Playing as the soviets and sending millions of untrained unequiped soldiers to their impending dooms is really fun. 10/10 would start scraping the barrel again!p.s. i dont want to have to pay for dlc that should just be in the game but their are alot of mods so i lliekp.p.s. (・`ω´・)
76561198050872949,Not Recommended,394360,29556137,Posted: 28 January,all,DogEggz,"First time playing HOI series. At first campaign all these gaming mechanics are so overwhelming yet interesting, really immersive production system and national focus provide replayability. Definitly will be the best Mutilplayer game of all Paradox title just because of this.Sadly, for a niche genre, there is no enough player base to have stable regular fun Mutilplayer game. Most of the player play single player champign, and HOI4 sucks at it.All these wonderful thing are ruined by horrible AI. And after nearly a year it's still horrible. The option to give AI massive bonus is a lazy solution and it's STILL NOT WORKING because AI is to retard to take advantage of it. But wait let's work on new overpriced DLC first, instead of fixing the game to a acceptable status.If you want to try out new Paradox titles, go for Stellaris. HOI4 and Stellaris are both a mess at launch. But Stellaris delivered massive free patch, fix lots of issue, and make basic game enjoyable. Stellaris dev team is far more promising than HOI4 one. If you don't mind older game, CK2 and EU4 are both the pinnacle of Paradox's GSG, i rather buy all those DLC at full price than buying HOI4.HOI4 is the worst of the Paradox game i've ever play. I'm really dissappointed by HOI4 dev team."
76561198039104444,Not Recommended,394360,32117943,Posted: 1 June,all,Bungala,"Not a native speaker. So please, pardon my grammar. To review we advance!- Game was released in a near beta state. Game is, imho, both technically (mechanical and ai wise) not out of that phase. I have seen some improvements but i believe that there are still too many problems for single play and if you do not micro everything.- Main purpose of the game, imho, is to provide alternative history scenarios and give player a choice to change the fate of the present countries of the game for a limited time. For this purpose you simply pick a pre WW2 country, and via events and you know WW2 or something else take it post war. This is basically made possible via focus trees which were given to countries; which designates the event system of the game in a way. In this sense real basic options are going fascist, communist, unalligned or democratic with ofc their respective consequences- which i also find lacking-. I think that, due to this system focus trees are really important and essential for the game. But unfortunately so far only major countries of WW2 has their own focus trees and they are adding 'models' and 'focus trees' for other countries existing in this game via dlcs (pardon me saying this, a.k.a. milking player base for their money). If the game was based on a really long period of time this should be maybe understandable due to time limits due to sheer amount of work necessary but this is not the case for this game. Seriously playing anything other than countries with unique focus trees are boring imho. This also presents the second problem with the dlcs, except for some puppet mechanics first dlc TfV and with some air or item convert mechanics 'now soon to be released i dont know what it is called' dlc are just for adding £#$£ing ingame models and focus trees for some countries in some related areas or groups... If this goes on like this basic math shows us that; for us to get all focus trees we might have to pay more than 200 bucks, heck even 100+ is too much for this. 'Yay!' said noone. Also, due to how events are handled some of the major events prior and during the WW2 are just not that impactful for gameplay. For instance: Out of my mind comes the spanish civil war. It pops, generally fascists win and pof. Just like that. You might find it a bit saddening as i do but some mods are better than the main game because of this purpose. They got unique countries, unique events etc... And except for production, tech, goods, and war there is not much depth to the game. Peace Conferences are really problematic. Diplomacy depth is non existant. Whole espionage thing is related to radar and some tech to get some info on enemy armies and country status. So i think dlc system of HoI4 is utterly rubbish, and instead of focusing on improving missing stuff they have, they are pricing what should be core of the game and selling the consumers that. Dont start me on pricing...- To add a separate constructive feedback; any solid improvements (and i mean total overhauls) on trade, politics, espionage, diplomacy, and timeline changes might be worth a $$$ dlc. Focus trees, unit models and such should be part of the main game. (Utopic right? Yet just a friendly suggestion. Ofc, please just dont add xxx diplomatic actions and bam dls. It is not the purpose, do something better and beyond that what modders can. For instance, check out Kaiserreich Mod, there is an party based politics, stability etc system... Adding only one for x dlc is not worth y price. Current model of yours suggests that you are going to continue doing stuff like; add countries in say for instance middle east and add for instance some or even just one diplomatic or politics or espionage mechanic)To add above given reasons; in short, HoI4's techical problems, lack of depth on different subjects and its dlc model and excluding what i consider to be core of the game for those abovementioned dlcs to milk people for money; my honest conscience can not recommend this game for any price; specially because of the fact to play the story of the WW2 a war of the world you have to unlock the world dlc by dlc.Just my 2 cents. Thank you for reading. Have a nice day. And untill such day comes when the game is about a war of the world and not a dlc world puzzle stay away from this game."
76561198171224271,Recommended,394360,33408788,Posted: 9 July,all,Serag,I recommend just buying the base game during a sale. Because the DLC's are waaaay overpriced.Remember that you can always checkout the steamworkshop for free mods! :)
,Recommended,394360,23608628,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Molin,"This is a good game, but it is not a great game yet.Pros-~Taking over America as Mexico~Eating Poland over and over~Ability to do whatever I wantCons-~Some crashing (very rare, but very annoying)~The AIThe Ai is incapable of defending against naval invasions, and Italy generally falls to GB (although in my last game Canada managed to take Rome. How bad are your defenses if Canada is able to defeat you?)Overall I think it is worth it as the AI will be fixed over time, but if you are looking for a flawless experience than this is not the game for you."
76561198137006057,Recommended,394360,28239050,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MasterRenegade,My only problem is the divisions number up as 1. 2. 3. 4. ect rather than 1st 2nd 3rd 4th
,Recommended,394360,24157511,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Spookfish,The best strategy game on steam right now! Get this if you like games like Civ V or the other Paradox grand strategy games.Pros--Great Tutorial-Easy to learn mechanics-Great Replayability-Different ways to playCons--Laggy late game-Germany wiped me out as Poland D:Overall -Get this game
76561197971638456,Recommended,394360,23812491,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alexgerman123,Hoi 3 Veteran. Short Review Great Game. If you understood how Hoi4 works and if accept it compared to Hoi3 you will love this game. Alot of thing changes. The best is non linear history and you can counter nations without direct war. Proxy wars etc. My Rating is 9/10 i found 2 Bugs
,Not Recommended,394360,32759692,Posted: 25 June,all,Tramplefoot,"You have a faithful audience. You can be cool with them and have a nice bit of friendly banter, but instead, you ♥♥♥♥ them up by literally making minor patches into 10$ DLCs. I loved HoI 3 back in its prime, but the Paradox that built HoI3 was not the Paradox I know now, the voracious beast that is hungering for the currency its cultist hold dearly."
76561198166550567,Not Recommended,394360,33164597,Posted: 2 July,all,Nexxus,DLC? F*** YOUR COMPANY
76561197994787516,Recommended,394360,28934215,Posted: 2 January,all,craiGiarc,"Looking back on 2016, I was surprised to realise that HOI4 was probably my favourite new game of the year. Surprised because, while I've been a fanatic Paradox player since 2002, the HOI series always left me cold. For me it was always too dense even by Paradox standards, its militaristic subject matter too narrow and its timeline too limited.HOI4 is so much clearer and more streamlined than its predecessors and offers more variety by giving opportunities to follow alternate history paths. Best of all are the excellent total conversion mods being developed, some of which are frankly better than the base game. Mods I particularly recommend are The Great War (WW1), Kaiserreich (what if Germany had won said war) and Millenium Dawn (the modern day - nuke ISIS, or conquer the MIddle East with them). With such a dedicated community, this game has a bright future.The AI needs major improvement. And many purists won't (and clearly don't) like this iteration of the HOI series. It's not realistic enough for them and perhaps too ahistorical. But I think just about anyone else who has the slightest interest in grand strategy, wargaming and WW2 can enjoy it."
76561198042998754,Not Recommended,394360,32512568,Posted: 17 June,all,shisuferia,"Good strategy game,Bad pricing strategy"
,Recommended,394360,28931827,Posted: 1 January,all,FadedThunder,"SUCH AN AWESOME GAME!!! seriously can't recommend it enough, if you are looking for a real-time grand strategy game, such as supreme commander, then you have come to the right place! just be warned, I staid up till 9 am!!! XD"
,Not Recommended,394360,34583249,Posted: 29 August,all,KingV,"The game randomly deleted all my data, including saves & settings. AI is also trash."
,Not Recommended,394360,34420122,Posted: 22 August,all,Musk | Buying | Selling | ✅,actual garbagewatching paint dry is more fun
76561198046925210,Not Recommended,394360,24586287,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kendrick,"UPDATE: 7/11/2016#1 AI being stupid is still true though the AI can make somewhat decent division templates although they are still not enough. AI frontline is still garbage and you still see em shuffle. Mods trying to alleviate it don't do enough.#2 HoI 4 being a sandbox is still true because the devs have decided that HoI IV is a fantasy game (You can now make Austria-Hungary again) and not an ""Authentic World War II Simulator"". National Focuses just don't work for HoI. I have no problems with people trying what ifs but it's gotten ridiculous.Let the modders make fantasy, Devs should make the game more authentic by adding in new mechanics.#3 Peace Conferences are better but for some reason I still see Italy taking Lothian (Scotland) whenver I win a war against the Allies.#4 TFV still paywalls the Blitz commandDoD isn't a paywall, but I wouldn't call it an expansion either.Hearts of Iron is one of my favorite franchises to this date as I always enjoyed the idea of roughing the storm of the Second World War. From HoI I to Darkest Hour, Hearts of Iron has been successful due to the niche community that enjoys the game. With Stellaris and HoI IV released this year, I'm convinced that Paradox cannot make good games and I highly recommend to avoid them at all costs. So why do I hate Hearts of Iron IV? I have enough reasons to make a detailed list so let's begin shall we?1. The AI is so stupid, Paradox should be embarresed----Battleplan AI makes your forces overextend (Even when the orders drawn prohibit) and cause them to get routed----The AI cannot make a decent battleplan and usually have 3 cavalry divisions planning a naval invasion in Australia from Copenhagen----HoI IV relies on the AI to pick historical national focuses in order to try to give us a historical game. This falls flat on its face by having the AI make stupid choices such as Germany attacking Romania, Romania joins Allies, Russia attacks Romania, Allies attack Soviets and Axis.----Strategically, the AI cannot comprehend attrition and sends half of its forces into the SAHARA desert. I'm sure you all read about the Italian Sahara Korps in your history books. Even if it isn't historically accurate, this is just stupid.----Germany randomly declaring war on nations like Guatemala and invading the Benelux regions during Winter of 1939.2. HoI IV is a Fantasy-WWII game----Luxembourg can take over the world----Minor countries can become more powerful than Major powers.----National Focuses for Minors are better than majors like Japan and the U.K.----Research is overly simplified compared to previous installments3. HoI IV has awful peace conferences.----I played as Nazi Germany one game and took over Sov Union in 2 years and had a peace conferences. The Iranians somehow took a huge chunk even though they did nothing.4. Many features missing from the game---- Espionage was advertised in HoI IV in one of the dev diaries as late as June and yet is not in the game (It was scrapped)---- Air Supply missions for encircled divisions---- Did I mention the smart AI feature missing from HoI?---- Money (Representing the Economy)Don't worry though these features that were in previous HoI titles (HoI III, and Darkest Hour) will be added in as $5-20 DLC packages. If you're curious about PDX's dlc policy look up EU IV for a good ideaHere are some good things about HoI IV and what it improves upon.1. Producing Weapons, Vehicles, and Equipment overhauled----Logistics has dramatically changed in this installment for the very better.----No longer is logistics just a simple strength bar, meant to represent equipment.----You have to build the weapons to deliver to divisions fighting in the front and adds a bit more realism2. Soundtrack is supreme.----Buy the soundtrack to the game if you want really nice WWII themed music.3. Modding----What would the world look like in 1936 if Germany had won WWI (Kaiserreich)----Event expansion mods----National Focus mods----Political Mods----WW1, Cold War, w/e modsLike I said, I hate HoI IV but I do see the potential in it. I recommend getting Darkest Hour and waiting for 1-2 years until the game irons out the problems and is sold for a cheaper price. This game is an insult to those who have played previous HoI titles. I love Hearts of Iron a lot but this game is not finished."
,Not Recommended,394360,26367085,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,fuldry,"No go on this game in its current form.Avoid it, idiotic AI, battle lines system does not work as advertised.Will be fun and better in 10+ paid for DLCs.Utterly disappointed."
76561198255059001,Not Recommended,394360,26480914,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TheBlueWizard,"I really struggled on whether or not to recommend this game. I like it. But it is very flawed. The AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the rest of the game is fairly good. One major problem that other reviews have talked about is the lack of in-depth content. I agree, but I have found great enjoyment in mods. The mods add a huge number of other scenarios that are quite enjoyable to play is and I have spent far too long playing them. Back to the AI though. I hate it. It is terrible and it makes a good game into a mediocre game. I wouldn't have minded if they had delayed the launch by a month or two if they had made the AI better. Once your nation has gotten to a certain point, there is no longer any need to pay attention to wars. I was playing as the French empire in the 'Emperor of the World' mod, and I literally declared war on every single African nation at once and set my divisions on one big frontline with one big offensive line and went to have lunch. They had twice as many divisions as me but I had no trouble beating them. Because of this, I cannot recommend the game. If Paradox fixes the AI, then certainly buy it, but for right now, it is not worth $40."
76561197982387720,Not Recommended,394360,28223233,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,GueriO [FR],"Paradox seems to expect players to finish the game and create a proper game thanks to the Steam Workshop.... I'm disapointed.... They lasck so much tech, historical  pictures and names....it's a shame.The gameplay is enjoyable but quickly boring, the tech is really not accurate. Even a 3 year old with a little world war two knowledge wouldnt want to play this game.... but luckily modders are here, but unlike the developpers, they don't get paid.I regret so much to have bourght the Marshall box, got f""àç@ again....today's games are a shame"
76561198052884890,Not Recommended,394360,28343781,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,happy,"this game is pretty much a wargame engine(with incomptetent AI) dressed up for binge drinking at the Rio de Janeiro carnival.it looks really good for a wargame, and more important you can play it even when you havent understood 40% of how it works, you ll have fun, and you ll win if you ve picked a decent size nation.but that's a bit short, somewhere down the line paradox studio forgot its consumers were used to deep games.i had a lot of fun during the time i thought i was a tactical genius, i now have no fun because i know its not me, its the AIs downsyndrom that makes me shine.in shortGOOD:-easy to get into(for a wargame); if you havent been on the brink for a while, go ahead, HOI4 is THE introduction to wargames.-it looks good-mostly intelligent UI, mostly(ships/planes are totally counter intuitive)-flatters your ego, a lot. Win WWII alone as France, no allies, on your second try.-mods-BAD:-its a joke of a wargame(it does have nice fiddly mechanics you can enjoy max minimising, but behaving like a berserk brick works just as well.)-supply. Though i get it they wanted to make it simple, not sure to totally abstract(if not overlook) that aspect is a good idea. Worth a try, sadly kinda failed.-tech/research: you just click on a new one when the current one is done. Oddly in this game research is not something that will enhance your game, its something that takes numerous steps, and you have to climb each step one by one to...do the thing you ve already decided to do from the first day of 1936.its...QTE research!!!ok theres no real QTE of course but it does feel like QTEs in the way that it feels artificial and implemented just to give the player something to do during peace time.-AI. Lots of people complain about that: concretly the AI is not a lunatic, but its a very very near sighted 89 year old WWI french general that falls into every lousy trap you improvise.(ex: first game i play i have all of italy invade southern france, in two weeks in managed to anihilate 134 divisions by cutting off their supplies.It was my first game, i of course played poorly, yet i succeeded)HOI4 is an Arcade wargame, maybe even a good one.it s well made, it s short, it looks good, its fun.but it stops here.this review is probably a negative one, it may change if the game gets better with time.its still a paradox game with all its qualities but this time they really cut it to bare minimals, and i wanted/expected more.i would have probably given a thumbs up if it had just one bad point less, or if it werent the shortest life paradox game released so far.EDIT, after 200hrs, i sadly do not change my review, it's gotten worse, even mods, as ambitious as some are, fail to deliver because of rigid mechanics(or worse...placeholder mechanics)HOI4 is a love affair gone really bad: i now loath the game.do not buy it unless you are under 13 years old."
76561198045887698,Recommended,394360,28952225,Posted: 2 January,all,Wet Dog,"One of the most fun games I have played in years, HOI4 is a hard game to understand but an amazing one with near endless  replay value. Many have complained about bad AI, Bugs and other errors but I am yet to encounter bad AI in my closing in on 150 hours of playtime."
,Recommended,394360,24713500,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jurrien,"250 hours. After 250 hours I am starting to feel as if I have seen and done it all.Hearts of Iron IV is the ultimate historical grand strategical simulation. As a fan of the series I can easily say this game is a huge improvement over it's predecessors.The new political system is glorious. It's not really that realistic but it is very fun. It's easy to set up a scenario where you can test what would happen if your chosen country had a different form of government.The way production works is really fun and realistic. You now have to produce a huge array of different equipment. It works really well, and when 1944 hits you really feel like your divisions have upgraded. When maybe in 1939 you had 3 panzer divisions with a few light tanks, you have heavy and fast panzer divisions in 1944 which can be three times as strong and effective. As the war drags on the casualties begin to stack up and it really feels like the world is at total war. Some games just ended in total destruction for all sides, while others are over quicker when good decisions are made.Warfare feels more epic than ever. Especially naval and air combat are understandable and meaningful now. Never have I felt such an epic feeling of sending the imperial fleet on a daring mission to destroy the carriers of the USA.The only thing I can complain about is the AI. It's quite easy to beat. Actually, really easy. But if you want a challanginge arcade game you should play something more like an arcade shooter. Hearts of Iron IV is purely about having fun with history and exploring interesting concepts and ideas. That said there are some things I don't like. For example, the AI makes really bad decisions regarding technology and production. Don't try playing on historical mode, because it doesn't work unless you are germany, japan, the ussr or the usa.The extended modding capability of this game is great. I am really looking forward to the big ww1 mod, kaiserraich and maybe some funky or funny mods (I have already seen Trump and Anime mods, which are really fun).I have a lot more to say about this game but if you find WW2 interesting you probably already know to get this game. Buy it now - it's cheap and fun!"
76561198140592400,Not Recommended,394360,25007085,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,herrjudenstomper,"Game is entirely unplayable. AI is broken, historical content is lacking, you get ridiculous things like communist germany with nazi focus tree. Multiplayer is full of 13-14 year olds, and barely works.Two ""editions"" are nothing but a way to make $$$, you get nothing but cosmetic s***, wallpapers, and pass for future dlcs and what not.Shamefully, paradox has a whole army of fanboys that will support it no matter what. Check out discussions on here for some comical relief."
76561198036012858,Not Recommended,394360,32452996,Posted: 15 June,all,ScottMcPwn,"The game has unfortunately been a major flop.I have been been a long-time Paradox fan and follower of the HOI franchise, however it seems that Paradox is beginning to abandon the initial principles which built the grand strategy franchise for which it is renown.While previous Paradox games have received major expansions and updates which genuinely improved the quality of gameplay, AI and historical immersion; notable examples being the likes of Art of War and the Old Gods from previous games, Paradox's newer games have shown a very evident decline in quality. It seems that Hearts of Iron 4 is the most recent example of this, coupled with the recent abysmal quality DLC for EU4 that added no real content and ultimately further damaged and unbalanced the overall gameplay. Rather than genuinely improving the game, Paradox instead shows a very blatant half-arsed effort in which most of the world's leaders don't even have actual portraits, many nations don't even have named parties (such as Czechoslovakia, who despite just getting a DLC, still has a fascist party called ""Fascist"" with an ahistorical leader). In addition, Paradox's most recent patch completely ruined the game as it broke the generic focus trees, thus causing all non-custom focus trees to ""retire"" the country's leader (which is the VAST majority of countries by the way). The game has very few events and different paths to take, with little to no flavour (bar about three news events in the first four years of the game) - all references to Nazi plans are completely omited along with the Swastika, which could have easily been added along with the DLC which added a Hitler portrait for non-German players - instead, Paradox actively bans people who dare to criticse this on their forums, going so far as to ban mod authors who post Swastikas on the forums from their mods. Even the likes of Wolfenstein and Call of Duty has not stooped to these levels in the past, yet a company prided on its accurate representation of history outright refuses to depict history? They even got the flags for countries such as Japan, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary wrong...This doesn't even mention the abysmal gameplay, which is simply FAR TOO EASY. I cannot emphasise just how simplistic and easy this game is - it is quite literally possible to turn the likes of Albania into a global superpower through very simple methods. There is no diversity of gameplay at all, and it has taken them a whole year to fix the air interface which was equally terrible, as it still poses no real difference - I can play many-a-game forgetting to even touch my airforce with very little difference. The political management of countries is far too easy as well, as the ""boost party"" system is completely unbalanced, as the AI will never use it or attempt to start coups, while simultaneously not even bothering to in anyway oppose any attempts by the player to boost. A German player can simply flip the USA to fascism if they begin boosting from the start - it's shocking. The mod Kasierreich seemingly combats the easiness of the game by adding many events and playing with the game mechanics quite successfully - yet apparently Paradox is unable to do the same to their own game.In conclusion, it seems evident that Paradox is growing increasingly greedy, lazy and EA-esque as time goes on. Instead of producing high quality, large encompassing DLCs, they instead pump out tiny little sub-standard focus tree packs that lock little game mechanics behind pay walls that should've been in the game initially. It seems that they have become reliant on modders to fix their own game and add new content rather than actually doing it themselves."
76561198118021839,Not Recommended,394360,32460417,Posted: 15 June,all,Commander_Vex,"Ahh Hearts of Iron IV (Or Four). I have many many many words about this game.A note: I like this game, its a blast, and thats something I need to get out of the Way, but I will be forcusing on the Negatives in this Review.1.The Expansion Packs♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC's.Ahh the Good old Days of Expansions, does anyone remember those? The days of the Shivering Isles in Oblivion, and many more examples. What happened to those, well I'll tell you. DLC, a plauge on the Industry just as bad as DRM. The DLC in HOI4 is...shameful. AT TIME OF WRITNG there are 2 Real DLC's, Death or Dishonor (New) and Together for Victory. In essence, they add focus tree's (Which if you don't know, are basically the second tech tree, allowing you to say get a 'Claim' on a territory in order for you to go to war for Example) and several minor features.Together for Victory 'Features':Autonomy System'Changes' to Lend Lease: Basically you get the ability ot ask for suppliesSpearhead Battleplan Command: Basically blitzkriegTech Sharing (BC ONLY)Land Battle LogDeath Or Dishonor 'Features':Equipment ConversionNew music and ArtNew Diplomatic and Puppet interactionNow you may notice I didn't include any mention of 'Focus's' which are included with Both these DLC's, I'll explain later. Now the reason the DLC's are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Toast with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Butter and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Bread is because when you really look at it, the DLC's combined only add 4 REAL additions, while the Rest are Fixes. Hell, even the '4' features should have been FREE DLC! Now onto the reason why I didn't mention the Foucus Tree's2. The Mod SupportAhh the Modding community, one of the only things helping keep this game alive, and I praise it. HOWEVER, there comes a point where if a MOD becomes more fleshed out than the game you paid money for is when you realize that SO little effort was put in. The Focus Tree's for example, regular game, If your not a major nation you get the SAME generic tree as the rest of the world. The modding Community LITTERLY makes focus Tree's, which are balanced, and free, and better than the default games, for free, and can add more replay value than the regular game. There are TONS of Total Converions, like Millenium Dawn and The Great War, which while unfinished are more complete than the REGULAR GAME! And the best thing is you don't need DLC for the VAST majority of Mods. And finally to re-adress the Focus Tree's, there are an OCEAN of mods that change the focus's of all countries, making them no longer Stale and bland. Star and Crecent for example overhauls Turkey's focus tree, making them a unique nation. There are PLENTY more Examples, but I'll leave that at that.Well, there is my Review, I didn't talk about much gameplay, because thats mostly Solid, it would be better if SOME PEOPLE could program AI, but I digress. Vex outMy rating: Buy the Default game and go full skyrim on that♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I won't support this games BS DLC practices (And just buy the regular edition, the other editions are not worth your money)"
,Recommended,394360,24206923,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ArAnAx666 @Twitch.tv,"What can I say? I just love this game, although I have heard a lot of comments about dumbing down and that sort of thing I still think this is a great game, it's just a lot more streamlined that's all.The production system is amazing I think, no longer are you just using IC to build divisions up or upgrades or reinforcement, it's all about production lines of certain types of equipment it's just great, you cna even capture equip from conquered nations.Love the new air force and navy management, makes it much easier and quicker.I woudl say the only thing that really bothered me was the fact that it is a bit easy at the moment I think.check out my campaign vid here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZhZGXeu_jkI'll be doing a more detailed video review sometime soon.And yeah buy this game and add me I wanna play mp :P"
76561198062307045,Not Recommended,394360,34317135,Posted: 17 August,all,UltimateHangover,Normally I love paradox games and I hardly ever write reviews for games. However I'm getting sick of all of the problems that this game faces and the lack of solutions that paradox seem to be providing for them. Multiple times the game has crashed before it has even loaded to the main menu requring me to uninstall and reinstall the game multiple times. I've got a pretty good system and checked for viruses so I'm pretty sure its not an issue on my end.In terms of gameplay the game slows right down towards the end of the game (again I've got a pretty good system). A lot of things that should be in the base game such as national focuses for the vast majortiy of countries not just the generic ones provided should not be £13 - £15 worth of DLC.Ultimatly very dissapointed with this game which I wanted to love both because of the developer and the setting.
76561198158219641,Recommended,394360,35124717,Posted: 22 September,all,MrGeooo,More simplified than its predecessor and the game gets a bit repetitive after playing the majors but it's worth it given the ability to play the amazing Kaiserreich Mod over and over again.
,Recommended,394360,35175555,Posted: 24 September,all,uplock_,I like this game for the alternate histories that you can create. Japanese troops enter Paris... Dutch invading Syria which is controlled by Italy... Danish troops landing in Leningrad... Canada invades Ostprussen...AI can use some work but otherwise I think it's great game.
76561198355403236,Recommended,394360,34807331,Posted: 7 September,all,Spooky HyPeR BiBBa,"Great game, really fun, fairly complex and hard to understand at first but over your first few games you get the hang of it i love it for the ammount of possiable sceniros and fairly accurate historical content and that the contorls for the game are a little wierd and different at first but like i said you get the hang of it over time really fun would recommend and had a great time and would recommend for mulitiplayer thats is when it really starts to get fun!"
76561197974589615,Not Recommended,394360,25403991,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TFmoore,I wish there was a neutral becasue out of thumbs up or down i would have to choose down. The game seems likt it could be really fun but the reality of the game is you have to spend hours watching youtube trying to understand how to play the game because the tutorial is very sparse.So unless you have ten or so hours to watch play throughs of this game or have played other games from the same devloper be prepared to spend the time learning.
,Not Recommended,394360,23770929,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Khan Zhao,I've been waiting for the game since the first announcement and its a huge disappointment at some aspects but the worst i can state right now is that i never managed to finish a hand at all because it always crashes at about the mid 1942s usually around May. I've made numerous attempts but there is no use -- apparently it's not ready to be played properly. I'm sure there are those who can play it crash/bug-free but this is my case and i'm sick of it at this point...
,Not Recommended,394360,32578466,Posted: 19 June,all,ContextSense,"DLC contains mechanics that should be in the base game. At the current moment, the game feels like a shell to which to sell the rest of the game as overpriced DLC packages"
,Not Recommended,394360,32578919,Posted: 19 June,all,Retch,Awesome game.♥♥♥♥ing DLCs.....
76561198320966105,Not Recommended,394360,32611322,Posted: 20 June,all,Hellfire,My 139 divisions with assault rifles were killed by 10 divisions with bolt actions. Dont buy this game unless you want an illogical pile of dogshit as a game.
76561198159128580,Not Recommended,394360,32475384,Posted: 16 June,all,kazoo kid,new DLC is not worth singel euro
76561198141867371,Not Recommended,394360,32605124,Posted: 20 June,all,nex,"I love all of paradox's games, but all the expensive dlc with features that should've been in the base game needs to stop."
76561198253811379,Not Recommended,394360,33488617,Posted: 12 July,all,PoliticalCommissar,"it feels like the mods do more then the expansions do, the price of the game and everything else should be reduced a little and make them matter more and offer way more stuff then just a few national focuses if the company wants to sell their game properly"
76561198087354992,Not Recommended,394360,32581001,Posted: 19 June,all,Persh,"DLC spam is not the right way to earn the respect and trust of your customers. For the continued empty DLC push, my review will remain negative."
76561198298224187,Recommended,394360,32669876,Posted: 23 June,all,Den_Feta_Osten,"A truly amazing game! I´ve enjoyed each minute of playing it! You can micromanage your nation to a degree, (not as much as HOI III) You can use whatever tactic you like, it can be mobile warfare or just putting a couple of million men on each front. You deside if your industry should produce clothes or tanks...My only critice is the AI, it will put you before any other nation and has a lack of diversity in tactic..."
76561198012793304,Not Recommended,394360,29262113,Posted: 14 January,all,adam mitch,"I can't recommend buying this game. It has plenty of good points and improvements over its predecessor such as the production system and division designer. However, it is all ruined by a braindead AI. It's almost impossible to lose especially playing any of the major countries. The AI likes to completely abandon its fronts, fails to protect its ports from invasions, invades without capturing ports causing troops to run of gear, devotes significant forces to guard friendly borders even whilst losing a war. I could go on and on. The worst part of all this is that Paradox have known about all these problems from countless bug reports on their website and despite the game having been out for 8 months now have utterly failed to fix their game. Honestly at this point I don't even have any faith that Paradox capability of fixing these problems."
76561198047890243,Recommended,394360,24621721,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Hackymac,">start up as the USA>decide to go fascist to join the axis and destroy history entirely>finally fascist after a few years of thumb twiddling>join the ever growing German-Polish war formerly known as WWII>invade Canada>easy pickings>brits in Canada get mowed down too>set my sights on Mexico>basically just invading other countries, not helping Germany or Italy in their♥♥♥♥♥♥>Mexico is a tough nut but I get through them>finally squash the Great Depression>begin munching through Central America>Italy destroys Africa, Germany mows through Europe faster than usual>glad I could help>make multiple landings in the Carribean>all that's left is South America>Japan goes for the Soviets>what&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥looks scary>British Raj bites back and Manchuria shrinks>Germany finally hops on and things calm down>whew>mows through South America in the meantime>Argentina has a fascist revolt>help them out but take most of normal Argentina>finally decide to help out the rest of the Axis>land in Siberia/East Russia>Pretty hard nut to crack>fascist revolt in Russia all the while>how>decide to abandon Russia, the great big British blob is still there>set up in German France, prepare a landing in Britain>meanwhile I start a fascist coup in Britain beforehand>secretly supporting fascist parties all over the whole time>land in Britain>christ me life I should've stayed in Russia>eventually the Brits fall>time to make the treaty>hold on now>Germany takes the usual stuff, but Japan>Japan forces some of my hard earned Central American land to puppet>Screw you Japan>my turn, somehow take all of the British land entirely>save some islands for the Japanese>Take some random extras>now it's eyes on the soviets>work it to no return>expands my grabs in the East>treaties come again>the sneaky Japan strikes once more>I get nothing>christ>everytime I declare war on  any nation since has been swooped in by the Japanese, forced to be a puppet>♥♥♥♥ you Japan"
,Not Recommended,394360,28323836,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,[2.FJg]Bøtte-Gfer,"With the current content in the game, it's not worth the price. However, mods makes the games livespan longer, atleast it has done that for me."
76561198008195752,Not Recommended,394360,25316256,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,LLadnar,I was truely looking forward to this game as a fan of the series. BUT! once you get to middle game and war has begone it becomes totally unplayable. The lag is painful and everything just grinds to watching snails race. Very very disappointed.
76561198132367923,Not Recommended,394360,32536733,Posted: 18 June,all,BRAVO[CPM],"it's funny because Hitler did not know when to stop being greedy, and clearly neither do paradox."
,Recommended,394360,32470815,Posted: 16 June,all,JEFF,played it for 10 mins pretty ok i guess
76561198045540928,Not Recommended,394360,33432838,Posted: 10 July,all,kevmac2008,"An absolutely awful AI, random actions and other glitches they don't care about. They will, however, spend time not on correcting problems, but on churning out paid add-ons and DLC that generate money from irritated fans. Disgraceful. Save your money and wait until it's 90% off for the enitre package, rather than throw money at this lazy, money-grabbing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198357641765,Not Recommended,394360,32513495,Posted: 17 June,all,onerolltriangle,"One year in and the AI is still absolutely terrible. Does Paradox release a patch to try and improve it? Nope. Clearly the Romanian focus tree will solve all of this game's problems. /s. The DLC is overpriced and adds content that was, and is, being done far better with mods. The game needs years worth of work before I reccomend you pick it up."
,Not Recommended,394360,32513742,Posted: 17 June,all,Eksorium,"The ""amazing"" 20€ DLC with UNIQUE National focus tree comes out.Installs Kaiserreich mod insteadPlays for Lithuania with unique events and focus trees...Profit."
76561198111566578,Recommended,394360,23875907,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,magnum2016,"Truly an amazing game, I will admit the game is rather dumbed down when comparing it to HOI3 however it is overall a very amazing game and I expect to easily put 400 hours into it."
,Not Recommended,394360,31621027,Posted: 8 May,all,Trained Medicus,"Is this a fun game? Sure, it is. As the Commander-in-Chief, you can build a formidable army crashing your enemy's plot, seizing their lands and embracing the glory of victory. During the gameplay the most adorable thing must be the green bubbles(which indicates your divisions are in prevail) ,the continuous advance and changing colors of the map. If you choose the country ""wisely"", like Germany, Russia and Italy this game can easily incite your pride, sense of success and hormone in your brain.However, this is it. Compared to other games of Paradox like EU4, stellaris or CK2 the content of this game is very limited. ONLY warfare. However, it will be too judgmental to downplay this game because of this limitation since this game is designed only for the warfare. Unfortunately, this game's AI is ridiculously funny no matter tactically or strategically. In tactics, you can easily besiege dozens of AI's infantry divisions by some simple management of your tank divisions. As for strategy, I have seen many times that United States did not declare war on Germany even in 1950s. The terrible AI made the game less interesting.And let's talk about the DLCs. Now we have only two DLCs(one's status is ""coming soon"" up to now) It's hard to believe this game was published 06/06/2016 with only two DLCs. And the first DLC which names ""Together for Victory"" is an awfully terrible one. The ""interesting countries"" in this DLC are South Africa, NEw Zealand, Australia, Poland, India, Canada. What the HELL! I think one with the basic knowledge about WW2 could tell me that those countries are just jokes in WW2. Actually in the game, I tried South Africa, Australia India, poland and Canada. I can say that except for Poland which u can challenge yourself lul, all other countries are sooooo boring. And this boredom also shows another problem of this game. It is not fun too play as a small country. At least, not as fun as the small country in EU4.Some Suggestions:1. Please pay more attention to East Asia and Pacific. China acted a role way more important in WW2 than you thought, PI! I was afraid I could not wait until Version 1.20(China)?! looooooool2. Naval combat looks so funny."
,Recommended,394360,30457506,Posted: 11 March,all,Tissetrold,"Here I can show my inner German pride, even though i'm not German.Thanks Paradox. You never disappoint me. <3"
76561198007693444,Recommended,394360,23745426,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Godel,NOT Dissapointed. Worth the wait. Absolutley great game and the mod tweaks make it even better!
76561197997630716,Not Recommended,394360,28491504,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FergusMcFukk,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  THE AI IS DEAD!!!!  Buy HOI3 instead, it's cheaper with all the emper FI and other DLC and it works as intended, a much more thorough game, sttep learning curve and downright brilliant.  Stop even thinking of this broken garbage, save your money, get HOI 3 instead."
,Recommended,394360,23426101,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,misterfister69,"Polished release for paradox, lots of possibilities, fixes will come and make the game even better"
76561198095047588,Recommended,394360,23683772,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TheWhiteOwl,"Many people are on the fence about this game espacially in comparison with number 3.I find that the level of depth in this game is more suited and easy to follow than number 3, making the game easier to play and therefore more enjoyable.However if you are looking for a more in depth, controllable strategy game then Hearts of Iron 3 is probably more suited for your play style.Either way I am sure you will have fun in this game, it is easier to learn than 3, has a bit more freedom in terms of what you want to achieve (although in a slightly less realistic way, more fun and freedom = less realism than HOI 3).Is it worth it? I think so, considering how much I will play this game compared the more expensive major games being released.It's fun and not overly expensive, if you want an easier game to play than 3 then definitely buy it."
76561198093660445,Recommended,394360,24029952,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HyperPotato,I love this game.
76561198139642756,Recommended,394360,24187365,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Scrooby the Pilgrim,"This game has been a load of fun most of time, with everything running smoothly and looking great. While many complain of its difficulty, I think this game has indeed been simplified from the stupidly complicated versions before it. The only real complaint I have is how the AI thinks. They don't work with the player and are very random, making any task with your allies a huge problem. Other than that, this game is a great strategy game with a ton of fun options to choose from."
76561198121051737,Recommended,394360,23426192,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,dinoshark,Greatest (strategic) game of WW2 ever made. Extreme detail an all war and politcical aspects of ww2.
76561198193867528,Not Recommended,394360,28822241,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[HG]riven450/SirGamelin,"I so wanted to like this game, but ended disapointed...Simple divisons can no longer have its own leader neither is it anycorps in the game only having generals and field marshals. The game feel very arcadeand that makes me thing this is a far less mature game and more of a game open fornew players to the strategy games then to those hardcore hoi2 and hoi3 players.AND IF YOUR TROOPS SURROUND THE ENEMY THEY WILL NOT ATTACK, UNLESS U GIVE EM ORDER TO EVEN ON AI CONTROL!Not saying it is a bad game tho but not worth 27$ ore 34$ as i bouth it for. Even 18$ and 23£ is too much and fricking 60$???Play hoi3 and leave this expensive mess."
76561198355287752,Recommended,394360,32213146,Posted: 5 June,all,Merkel Reich,I like this game and would recommend it. But if you dont have a good computer around the very late game stuff gets a little laggy and slow. This game also requires a little bit of learning for non grand strategy game players. But otherwise this a great game.
,Not Recommended,394360,32454645,Posted: 15 June,all,ＴＨＥ ＶＯＺＨＤ,Nice dlc there.
76561198143087489,Not Recommended,394360,32479360,Posted: 16 June,all,Cynic,"DLC policy is clear money grabbing from the consumers,Don't Buy unless you're willing to fork out about 25 more dollars for the full game"
76561198132709508,Not Recommended,394360,32479874,Posted: 16 June,all,SlimJimmy,"Buy the Game, DO NOT BUY DLC, instead install mods that add better and more content to the base game than any DLC paradox will release."
76561198149948609,Not Recommended,394360,32411489,Posted: 14 June,all,viljar7z,it`s ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that they increaced the prices.the game is good but paradox is so greedy that it is not worth it.
76561198580552973,Recommended,394360,34756450,Posted: 5 September,all,ĐăŕķĐ.Ģ - Andro,This is the best strategic game I ever played.
76561198326692467,Recommended,394360,34760688,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr.Stromboli,"It's good, but I would like a dlc like the EU4 Eldorado mod that let's you make your own country,"
,Recommended,394360,35029420,Posted: 17 September,all,Intel Pentium III,"Very good game.My favourite track is the naval invasion sound also known as United Kingdom-Theme.It's also wonderful how you can surrender an enemy by paradropping into their capital, NICE!The AI is very smart aswell, it feels as if Steven Hawking himself had programmed this masterpiece of a grand strategy game all by himself.Game mechanics are flawless and bug free. It doesn't matter if you've defeated the US, UK and France, since Australia clearly is the most important member of the allies. So you can shove your peacedeal up your as.s. Wonderful.Paratroopers are not broken at all, like, are you stupid or something? It's completely realistic to drop some paratroopers behind enemy lines and occupying the entire enemy country because the AI doesn't care about them. Don't you think?It's also great that you have to pay 15€ to have a focus tree as Australia (As if anyone even cared for that kangaroo filled hellhole) and New Zealand (Also known as ""We literally have more sheep than people in our f'ucking country"") or 10€ to play as glorious Romania (Home of trustworthy companies), Hungary (I bet half of the world thought that the name is a joke and the country doesn't even exist) and Czechoslovakia (Home of weird porn and a nonexistent economy).Paradox really made something fantastic once again, f'uck good and indepth mechanics from HoI3 let's dumb down everything so that even a person with Down Syndrome wouldn't get lost in this game.Also, 39,99€ is a very reasonable price for a game which has less depth than a puddle.Thank you Paradox. Thanks for milking us dry."
76561198107068805,Recommended,394360,23431297,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Adil3tr,"So there are a few AI issues, a couple UI qualoty of life issues that will be patched, and all that. But the game is incredible. I just finished 13 hours of play, rewriting all of history. The game has a tangibiliuty that Hoi3 just didn't have, and it gives you depth and manueverability that most games just don't. This is the hearts of iron that's meant to be played and enjoyed. The only complaint is that human players don't respect historical focuses, and are thus harder to stab in that back,"
,Not Recommended,394360,31693182,Posted: 11 May,all,CT-5555,"This game looks great until you get into it. Germany is buffed to the point where even at full overpowered Italy's divisions lose for no reason against them (example). It is so unrealistic that it can be compared to War Thunder's arcade mode, but even that has a shred of realism. Oh and the DLC is just adding content that should be in the game, rather than expanding the game fairly."
76561198251283100,Not Recommended,394360,30068102,Posted: 20 February,all,Rhode Island,"I thought it would be like Europa Universalis 4, because i did not own hearts of iron 3 and was way to numb-skulled to do basic reaserch on the title, and relied on paradox to put own a dank title which last time i did that i got the cossacks dlc for EU4, which was a huge mistake, most cry that the ai is garbage, and it is because you can beat germany with uruguay in 1936 (the start date) easily, but if your IQ is a -6 than this game is 11/10, although id rather play Somali Pirate Adventure 3 (1998 edition) than hearts of iron 4, i do like the way the armies are spread out instead of in three blobs of 50,000 like eu4, but the navy is boring like usual paradox naval systems and is usless in most casses exept mabye three invasions. even in multiplayer the game is quite repetitive and will not apeal to most experienced paradox players. id rather wait for somali pirate adventure 4 than spend any amount of any currency on this game, only purchase this game if it is on sale and MAKE SURE to buy the special editions (i think its titled feild marshal edition) or else face the wrath of paying every dime you've ever aquired to pay for the extreme amount of $14.99-$20.00 DLC to follow you're initial purchase. overall a quality game but it comes with the expense of many of my somali shillings, sad."
76561198007119352,Not Recommended,394360,32639080,Posted: 22 June,all,Tinholt// Restart mod? Who up?,"The Game's AI is to be ignored. It took a couple of days for someone to do a World Conquest with Bhutan. You'd think they'd solve some of these issues over time. They haven't. What the DLC does add is flavour to nations and quality of life improvements, the former has been done already by the modders in some form, and the latter doesn't actually add anything to the game other than a work-around for the more unwieldy aspects of this game.Lost potential. I recommend you buy HOI3, the previous iteration. Still unwieldy, but adds a lot more aspects to the game and somehow has better AI.If you do pick it up in a sale, then do subscribe to the ""Kaisereich"" mod in the workshop. Adds more value than picking up the DLCs."
76561198129880797,Not Recommended,394360,34847874,Posted: 9 September,all,TheRoller,"Have I spent too much time in this game? Yes.Can I recommend this game in its current state? No.This game is completely and utterly broken. Would it be a good alpha? Yes. Is it a full, ready-to-play game? Not at all.Only in this game can you send 13 division to fend of an invasion of 2 enemy divisions and then look back 5 minutes later and find half of your territory lost.Only in this game can France take a single province in the heart of Soviet Union, despite not being envolved in this war.Only in this game will Tibet join Germany if you declare war on it, even if you have 100+ relations with the Nazis.4.5/10"
76561198090188732,Recommended,394360,23627575,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Psynami,Great game.
,Not Recommended,394360,31368609,Posted: 25 April,all,George W. Kush,"Now, I have only played about 220 hours on this game. However I have some words for it. After playing the base of most of Paradox's game I have to say this is one of the bigger let-downs. Don't get me wrong its fun and all, when else can you play as Hitler and storm all of Europe, take over the Soivets and succeed where he didnt in real life. However, that does not fix the AI retardation and simple game mechanic flaws that are in the base game. Let me delve deeper.AI-Playing as franceDecide to make france communistJoin Soviets FactionTake over BelgiumBelgium and Netherlands make allianceTake them bothFeelgoodman.jpegSoviet-Jap war begnsAccept call to warSoviets have 300 division0 are on border of Manchuria/JapanGermany Joins the War0 soviet troops bordering Germany (Polands already out)Get steamrolled by Germany and ItalyWHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THE SOVIET UNITSNow this is only one game, some games are definitley fun and there are some awesome mods, like Modern Day and the WW1 mod. However, constantly micromanaging the units you just micromanaged 5 seconds ago on a massive front line attacking the enemy gets boring. Units should have some sense that when I tell them to attack,  they actually attack the objective not decide to go join the fight halfway down frances border in Italy (Its even a seperate front idk what the hell theyre thinking).This isnt totally bashing the game, I really do enjoy playing this with some friends, but I sense its going to be another Paradox DLC milk, rather than giving you a totally playable game at the start you have to play FIFTEEN DOLLARS FOR IT every month. If I wanted a game like that I would play a steam MMO not what is supposed to be a fully functioning Strategy game with ""smart ai"" and ""innovative graphics"" where there is no middle in graphics, you cannot have a decent looking game with maximum frames and game speed, it's either all or nothing, maybe thats just my computer.Overall 6.7/10 Paradox can do way better, Multiplayer is fun with friends, DLC Sucks♥♥♥♥♥as normal, AI is literal ♥♥♥♥ing TRASH. Spend your money on it if you want, but I would highly reccomend Stellaris or even EU4 if you want to pour 110$ in cash on DLC. Enjoy."
76561198069644636,Not Recommended,394360,32524971,Posted: 17 June,all,Spawnie,"It's over Paradox...I own almost all DLC for EU4 and CK2 including cosmetic ones and regions I'll most likely will never play. To support the developer that is fair to their userbase and further development of my most favorite games ever. I also bought a lot of other games that you either developed and/or published. I've encouraged people to buy your games, supported your DLC and even pricing policy until recently. But it's all over now.,When I heard that you are planning to go public I was already scared you may end up like one of those big comapnies that just run games for the money. And that's exacly what you've become.I won't buy Steal Divison 44 now, I won't buy any new DLC for the games I already own. From the top of my head, the games you were involved in that I own: EU4, CK2, VIC, VIC2, HOI4, Stellaris, Pillars of Eternity, Mount and Blade Warband, Magicka 1+2 and probably more that were published by you. Right now besides being so disappointed of you guys, I'm just happy that Warband Bannerlord won't be published by you!I also want to add that I'm financially stable and could easily afford to pay the highest prices, but I'm not going to support a greedy corporation like yours anymore."
76561198067873719,Recommended,394360,29537531,Posted: 28 January,all,BatesyM,"My opinion of this game is that it's a great historcial game which you can learn a thing or two from. it has its ups and downs but overall i love this game. if you have played this game alot and it starts to get boring you can always download exciting new mods from the steam workshop. its a great sequal to hoi3, easier to learn and understand and most importanly more fun."
,Not Recommended,394360,25343004,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Port Artur,"Empty game. It seems that not enough 70% of the content. While not recommended to take. Wait until some major DLC, summer discount and then take it all at once. And while it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.---Пустая игра. Такое впечатление что не хватает 70% контента. Пока не советую брать. Жди пока выйдет несколько основных DLC, летние скидки и тогда бери всё сразу. А пока это ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я."
76561198133170383,Not Recommended,394360,23640778,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,N12K-Toxic Wasteland,I was looking forward to this game well its still a good one and i will still play it but in 1940 i keep on getting crashes endlessly and reporting them doesnt do anything about them so will have 2 give this a thumbs down :)
,Recommended,394360,24006556,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,наdос,how to win the game with any nation .Step 1: Upgrade artilleryStep 2: build artillerystep 3: use artillerystep 4: win the gamecouncered russia in 1942 as sweden with 92% warscore.
,Recommended,394360,24616615,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sunbutt,Lemmie show ya how much time I spent playing this game.23/07/2016 - Buys game23/07/2016 - 12 hours24/07/2016 - 25 hours25/07/2016 - 36 hours26/07/2016 -42hours27/07/2016 - 50 hours28/07/2016 - 58 hours29/07/2016 - 66 hours30/07/2016 - 72 hours (and counting)I need a damn life.
76561197960560921,Not Recommended,394360,32491503,Posted: 16 June,all,Xittix,DLC pricing is out of hand
76561198038360109,Not Recommended,394360,35065117,Posted: 19 September,all,El Papa,"So after reading the newest Dev diary, I decided to write a review for Hoi IV.I really want to like this game, but I can't, because there is so much wrong in this game.The First negative point is really immersion breaking.The focus tree of several nations is historicaly not accurateat all. In this review, I will only be talking about Japan.Many important events for Japan are non existent, such as the""february 26 incident""(feb. 1936), where the Kōdō-ha, one of two factions of the Japanese military, attempted a coup d'êtat. 1'500 soldiers attacked several buildings in Tokyo including police HQ's and the ministry of war and killed several high ranking politicians, including two former prime ministers.The Goal of the Kōdō-ha, was to strenghten the emperor (without him agreeing) and make a change in governement, from ademocracyto a militaristic facist type.Yes, if you didn't know, Japan was in fact a democracy. At least in the beginning of WW2, with everything a democracy needed. Parlament, Prime ministers etc.Another really important thing that is not represented in the game is that the Japanese Governement didn't have total control over it's own military in Korea, Manchukuo and the other conquered and puppeted nations.In Hearts of Iron 4, Paradox has put Emperor Hirohito as leader of Japan and the party ""Taisei Yokusankai"" which has 100% popularity. The funny thing is the Taisei Yokusankai was not founded until 1940! Only after 1940 the japanese state transformed from a democracy to a single-party state.The second big contra is the stupid AI.I don't want to say much about it, after a couple hours learning the game and how to manage a good economy, you will beat thenormalAI pretty easily. After that you can still make them ""harder"", by giving them +% of production and stupid bonuses to Unit organization etc. I hate that, because the AI is still as stupid as before!The AI still can't figure out how to properly do naval invasions, properly create division, theycan not use motorized units(disabled by devs, since too hard to code), they can't guard their provinces and decrease unrest, oh yeah.. They are also not allowed to use licensing of equipment (too hard to code...?)The only thing that makes the gamebetter(not good enough) is by enabling mods.. which is really sad because Hoi IV should be a good game by itself. With all those updates that came out, which changed a lot of features, Hoi IV feels like it's still in the Alpha phase.Did I mention that Paradox packs important features into the dlc's?Cheers.PS: I have 130 hours, but it would've been better to invest them into other games."
,Recommended,394360,26502110,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,[Nr13] Parau,Invaded America as Unitary Canada10/10 would make Canada great again
76561198018149253,Recommended,394360,23433796,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Its Johnny!,"Hearts of Iron IV brings you to the world of the Second World War spanning from 1936 to 1948. You may play as any nation that existed in 1936 or 1938 as those are the two start dates, of course not all nations have a fair chance just like in real life. The game in comparison to Hearts of Iron III is less AND more complex in a very good way. Hearts of Iron 4 ditches the advanced technology reaserch where you had to develop armor,guns and engines of tanks all sepratly, now you simply click ""reaserch Panzer IV"" and it is on the way. Another asspect of the game that was nicely dumbed down is trade, instead of buying and selling raw resources for money or other resources you can buy 8 of a resource for 1 civilian factory. Combat has aloso been made easier with a system of where you plan an attack by drawing lines on the battle map for your troops to do. It is still posible to controll individual units and it is recomended for min/maxing. The political aspect of the game has been developed a lot, nations can select ""national focuses"" each one of them lasting around 70 days. Uppon finishing it you get a certain bonus, for example 50% reaserch speed for the next tank or free military factories that you can use to build equipment. All in All this game is an absoultew mosut have and in my opinion beats Europa Universalis as the first Paradox Interactive ""Grand Strategy"" game   you should try."
76561198024041370,Not Recommended,394360,32686218,Posted: 23 June,all,elby313,The game can be fun before the war starts but is totally unrealistic once the bullets start flying. Feels like a worse version of EU4 set during the WW2 timeframe as opposed to having any resemblence of modeling that period accurately. For example you can conquer Europe with Luxembourg or develop nuclear weapons as Nepal...So disappointing as I was looking forward to this game for a long time but even after a year its still a mess.
76561198064898373,Not Recommended,394360,24175885,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,The common cold,"I love this game.But honestly, don't buy it until it's patched, it's really ♥♥♥♥ing bad right now. I have a top of the line PC and it still lags when major powers get involved."
76561198078644619,Not Recommended,394360,30108275,Posted: 22 February,all,Trooper2003,"Haerts of iron 4 is a good game, if you look away frome the Ai. Its♥♥♥♥♥♥ at least if you are traying to fight the nazis with the Alliece as Norway or another small country. First time I started a game (in HOI4) I waited to the brithis to send a navel invasion over the channel to France occupied land and strike the Axis. But only send some few devisons over thats gets reakt. The game is good but if you dont have any friends to play with and to join up with and fight togheter against the enemy, you just have to hope that the Ai gets improved by Paradox studios. And dont buy the DLC's if they are not free, they shoud have been in the main game frome the start. 4/10. And yes, 4/10 becuse the Ai destroys so much of the game experience. And the game is over priced. but other then that it's a good game."
76561197991454370,Recommended,394360,23692900,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Oenone,"I've always been a little cautious about buying a Grand strategy title. They usually aren't the most user friendly of games but I was pleasantly surprised by Hearts of Iron IV. It's got a lot of depth to it, but everything about the UI feels really well designed and it is a ton of fun to play.The music is nice and atmospheric and the engine generally runs pretty well (although my machine does slow down a little bit in the very late game when everyone has a ton of units moving around doing things).At the time of writing I've put 24.4 hours into the game and I've barely scratched the surface of the possible gameplay options. It's the sort of game I can see myself happily spending ten times that amount of time in."
76561198030560194,Not Recommended,394360,24812286,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Speedkermit,"The AI for this game is dead on arrival, be warned!Also don't expect to be fighting the second world war, as all plausibility goes out of the window when you see Australia invade Germany in 1940 with 60 divisions, or the axis powers pour millions of men into the Sahara desert and the jungles of the Congo. Watch in horror as The Mexican army rampages through Japan, and the Greeks capture a completely undefended Berlin.There are some good ideas in there, but it's all ruined by the utterly appalling AI.Do not pay forty pounds to be an alpha-tester for Paradox.Do not touch this abortion with a barge pole.This isn't a game, it's a scam. Literally the worst piece of software I have ever seen.Do not buy!Do not buy!Do not buy!"
,Not Recommended,394360,25076894,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lavrentiy Beria,"So ♥♥♥♥ing rushed I don't know where to start.Armies:The Battleplan system is royally ♥♥♥♥ed and the army constantly rearranges itself when on the front line. When sending an army to another continent, if they are not directly at the port, they are too stupid to find a port themselves. Navy combat is arbitrary and unsatisfying, basically just dividing up ships. Naval Invasions are completely ♥♥♥♥ing impossible as it will arbitrarily tell you you don't have enough 'info' Ridiculous.Combat: it's ♥♥♥♥ed in that Paradox tried to make it unpredictable but just made it unrealistic, modifiers are ridiculous and it is almost impossible to break through forts unless you have them ♥♥♥♥ing encircled by perfectly arranged armies and are okay with a somehow 6 month battle of 1000 men vs 50,000 men. If you have too many divcisions on one spot you're punished for 'exceeding combat width' despite the area your army is on being probably large enough for a million people.AI: So ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious. When you invade a neutral country they will auto join the allies, axis or 'comintern' (This wasn't an alliance, paradox) even if when you switch to them you're rejected when you try it. That's right, AI aren't subject to the same rules as the player. I've also seen them auto spawn armies. Paradox's AI is so terrible, they allowed it to cheat.National Focus: What kind of ♥♥♥♥tard's idea was it to put upgrading your army and navy in the same area as political moves? It's 1942 and germany hasn't invaded anyone, they're happily researching how to make their infrastructure and army tip top. Utterly stupid.Diplomacy: Good luck getting anyone to join your alliance. Spoiler: You can't. There's also a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton  of arbitrary rules placed on democracies, especially the US.Peace Conferences: The most unacceptable part. I had Italy annex all of France, and Japan annex all of Russia but form a puppted 2 province russian empire in the middle. Disgusting.TL;DRRushed, unfinished, overpriced garbage."
,Recommended,394360,34407498,Posted: 21 August,all,DaKeyG,"This game, isnt for everyone.  Some people will be bored of it and regret buying it (if they buy it). Maybe you'll think that it's not hard enough, and opt for a harder game. But for people like me, it hits the sweet spot. You can ignore the complex battle mechanics and just set it in motion and wait, or you can go all in and customize templates, armies, laws, icons, generals, and your ideology. If you want to tab out for longer whiles, and let the AI advance your troops, you can. At the same time, you can invest in strategy and push your men along in your own style. The only real issue I have with this game is the dlc policy, (which as of writing this, the game only has 2 dlcs, which both feel like they should have been in at the start). It's a game that rewards veteran players for learning the game, so if you dont do well, then you may have to hit the internet for a bit, but the playerbase is big enough to where you'll have no problems.  Other than those subjective issues, the game, to me, is great, and if you don't think you'll be bored, then I recommend this game to those who can spare the money."
,Recommended,394360,23425078,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bravid,"""5.1 hours on record"" The game came out 5.2 hours ago. Read into that what you will.EDIT: All the people who are giving this negative reviews are hardcore HOI 3 players. HOI 3 was an extremely complex and hardcore game. So these guys think it's super relaxed and ""casual""."
76561197994657096,Recommended,394360,23456807,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,The Dude,"First Impressions, take it or leave it.""Note: I posted this in discussions also because there are a few things in my review that I may just not be seeing how to do.""So, I've had this now a little over 24 hours, not sure on how long exactly I've stayed awake and played. Regardless, here are my thoughts for what you will. I own the Vicoria games, HOI 2, 3, and 4. Both CKI and II, EU II, III, and IV... The list goes on just to give some perspective that I own just about everything strategy related that Paradox has made. Here.. just take my money. You guys could sell me ice in Antarctica. Overall you probably can't tell by the lists of Pro's and Con's, but I love the game so far..Pros:- Love the micro/macro management. It makes it not just a polished HOI3, they actually did something new and for better or worse based on your personal opinion, improved.- Nice sprites.- I really enjoy being able to draw my battle lines.Cons:- Attrition Rates. (this is based on my personal thoughts so if you post a butthurt comment on this I will not even give you the dignity of responding.) We all know Paradox loves to find a way to make it so you can't just conquest, you have to deal with your own internal crap. But, I've always stood by the thought that if I'm playing as the USSR, I will rule with an iron fist. Try to leave my army and I'll shoot your ♥♥♥. Yes, people retire, get hurt, die.. But not in the first few years of the unit standing up. Just for once I'd like to play a Paradox game that I could just conquer, rule with my iron fist and screw the little guy.- Map views constantly changing. This may be something I just haven't found yet, but it seems almost every time I click on something new that I'm working on, my map view changes. Switching between political, land.. I don't know the titles, but any filter or view you can set your map to, it's always switching when I'm clicking around and I think that makes it a huge eye sore and a real PITA.- Air Transport. Why is there no way to move things by air other than the paratroopers? Could be a historical perspective thing. I'm not a WWII expert so don't scold me too much.- War Score. Or whatever it's called.. the world tension level is really a PITA. I'd like to take things out of historical context and declare war early, but it seems that I haven't found a way to do that yet. Or at the very least change things up historically. One of my go rounds I'm playing as Greece and wanted to send a few troops to Spain. But I can't. Says I have to wait for the tension level to rise, but by the time it does, the Spanish civil war is over. (yes i unchecked the historical box before starting the game)- 1938+ Lag. You can tell a serious difference after 1938 starts. The game takes a tremendous hit."
,Not Recommended,394360,31451365,Posted: 29 April,all,[2.Han.IR] Kaluri,"-repThey made the base game, then they carved out 1/3 of it and sold it as DLC."
,Recommended,394360,23594397,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Super Hans,France capitulated faster than Poland. 10/10
76561198051909399,Not Recommended,394360,31374301,Posted: 26 April,all,JOINT MASTER,"The game had great potential but failed at everything ,4/10-The AI cheats at multiple occasions ( and does not play by the rules and limits that you play .... )-sh*t mod support for modders-when ever you try to do something interesting or different from the standard storyline. The game just gives you a one huge middle finger and F** over in every way possible-there huge limits on what you can do with your country or allies-Unhistorical Start for many many nations-Ai is also broken and cant even set up right .. even sometimes it kills it self by over producing units and by that way it has no spare equipment left=15 $ DLS stuff that's should be in the game from the very start ( also those DLS`s are not worth the content at all . heck even Overkill`s with their DLS`s have more good content than this Sh*t-every time you try to enjoy the game for just a little moment , The game f*** over and ruin it again and again- game design horrible-ingame Ui absolutely horrible when you try to macro manage your unitslimits on everything you try to do ... to the point of not even bothering to even try ... doing something else ( becouse after wasting hours trying to do it ( its not gonna work beoucse of magical limits )-limits on XP cap ( its caped at 500 ) witch if you are waiting for a later upgrate to some tech that you dont have yet but want to save the xp well if you choose to do that thern all other xp that youll get will be wasted ..... becouse the cap is 500 and if you like try to use that xp on a battleship all of it will go away if you want to put some acual good upgrates on it ,,,, that will matter in the battlefield"
76561198094855205,Not Recommended,394360,28456691,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mr. Peanut Butter,"Incredibly confusing, very little help in game when it comes to understanding the mechanics."
,Recommended,394360,23435559,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Miss Brain Problems,"Easier to understand and play than HoI3, and that's all I could ever really ask for."
76561198008849906,Recommended,394360,23442328,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[S8J] Alidrules,"YOU DID IT. YOU FINALLY DID IT!!! I own almost all of Paradoxs games and enjoy them thouroughly. However the games have usually involved being sumberged in trade,diplomacy research and so on and so on... But this game lets you get as deep as you want or stay on top of the water. The choice is yours. This game flippin ROCKS!!"
76561198047608370,Recommended,394360,23444147,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,xionor,"Amazing game for WW2 fans and pretty much any grand strategist!A lot of the unnecessary and overcumbersome stuff from HoI 3 has been removed, leaving a very accessible and polished experience, especially for people like me who don't consider spreadsheet management a game."
76561198062008890,Not Recommended,394360,25484334,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jerek Adams,"Alright HOI4.Good, bad, and one point that is soooo ugly it well overshadows the rest.Some of these items will fit in more than one category.So HOI4 has some very good imporvements over HOI3.  Mainly in the macroscopic management field.  Yes it has better graphics and the map appears more lively.  That's to be expected but really where I find this game has made progress is in the management systems.  Overall managing your fronts and battle-lines has become far simpler and using the theatre tool you can see a quick overview of an entire front very quickly.  Airpower still requires micromanagement however and at times it can be tedious.  Same goes for Naval power.One of the quirks of the new battle line system however is the fact that at times an advance will take place leaving pockets of enemy occupied territories behind your lines which can obviously cause issues.  Seems a simple patch fix could help that along.  At this point it requires you to plan specifically to account for this possibility, namely in the form of dedicated pocket supression units.The most glaring issue (and it's a b*stard of an issue) in this game which makes me give it a thumbs down is the diplomacy system after conquering an enemy country.  It is absolutely rediculous how the points system allocation of territories between ""allies and friends"" takes place.  Based on each sides ""contribution"" to victory.  Best reagrded as the theft of your hard work by your supposed ""friends"".Because the computer goes first in this turn based process I often find territories occupied by my forces of which my forces have won exclusively taken away by my allies.  These include territories I had conquered sooo long ago that I had even developed infrastructure upon it.TO BE FRANK HOI4 DESIGNERS!  The locations of battle lines should primarily determine who takes what not some silly victory point requisition game of which the player is exclusively and utterly at the disadvantage in every case.  Be prepared for mass robbery!An example:  Hey you conquered most of the Soviet Union as Germany! Hold on a second!!!!!  Give all that land to Japan and the Fascist sect of the Russian Empire.  Great.Here have some far flung colonies as recompense and Finland!  Excellent!That war was entirely worth it!Oh ya, and all those nicely developed provinces you have that were formerly Soviet states.  They belong to the Russian rebels now.Oh and France now belongs to Japan.In this regard, this game is simply broken.Basically I hereby dub this game HOT4.  ""Hearts of Thievery 4"".This one is going on the back shelf."
76561198054455768,Recommended,394360,34752863,Posted: 5 September,all,spicy,>load up hoi4>join a ongoing multiplayer match>play as soviet union in middle of 1940 on the eve of barbarossa because previous guy left>germans encircle 60 divisions in leningrad>its ok im still on volunteer conscription>see wild hungarian motorized division beelining for moscow>not on my watch>*force deploy 30 lines of cav divisions*>push the motorized division back>realize the motorized division is just a decoy and the romanians have encircled another 35 divisions in stalingrad>mfw 600k casualties to 5.6 million>front collapses and am capitulated>10/10 would die for the motherland again
76561198056750978,Not Recommended,394360,32526829,Posted: 17 June,all,Charliedazc,"Hey Guys. I just came to say this game looks cool and is kind of entertaining but basically only if you play as Germany. The developers took history too serious and forgot this is a game people would like to make new history with. Its all just doomed to happen as it historically did. For example. I was playing with italy and was not allied to Hitler. I was kicking allied butt and when France decided to capitulate it gave all of the teritories it had left to Germany. Just stupid. Nothing else to say. Summed to that, 5 seconds after they capitulated, all of the french territory I had conquered became Vichy France, a puppet under Germany. Just too stupid. In the end I just had nothing out of my war with France. Other than that, there is just a couple of different nations that it makes sense to play with. Its not possible to core new provinces and basically any nation that wasnt historically important or any historically important nation who decides to follow a different path ends up without any chance of doing anything real. Just stupid. Its should be a game, not a ♥♥♥♥ing interactive video of how history actually developed."
76561198003470975,Not Recommended,394360,23809852,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Acidic Ghost,Absolutely Horrid AI. Do not buy if you want to play single player until they patch it several times.
,Not Recommended,394360,23722050,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Alex,"Pros:+ You can invade the Soviet Union as the Third Reich and actually survive the winter+ You can literally play as any nation (Who didn't always wanted to invade Europe as Mongolia?)+ Amazing music and atmosphereCons:- 90€ for the full game is absolutely outrageous (40€ for the main game is hardly worth it for me as a student)- AI needs improvement - I declared war on Poland (therefore the Allies) and didn't move my troops. Nothing happened for five years until English troops tried to make a landing in Bremen and I stopped them.- Terrible performance - Expect 5-20 FPS in late game unless you have a top-tier PC- You can't change key binds in-game. Instead you have to go into the config to change every key manually (this is 2017, not 1997!?)TL;DRNot recommended in the game's current stageRecommended after an AI overhaul and during a sale"
,Recommended,394360,23459115,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,NANI?!,Go! Go! Go! Buy! Buy! Buy!Apúrate! Apúrate! Apúrate! Compra! Compra! Compra!Schnell! Schnell! Schnell! Kaufen! Kaufen! Kaufen!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥торопиться! торопиться! купить! купить! купить! За Родину!
,Recommended,394360,23425131,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Red Balalaika,Could play as good old Yugoslavia and wrekt the germans while being in my own faction with Italy Poland and Swizerland. 10/10 IGN
76561198046689701,Not Recommended,394360,23673106,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,cyborg_vole,"I have played this game for a long time now and have hated almost every second of it, I just wanted to get on thinking I was doing something wrong but no I wasn't. The AI is terrible as they bunch in one area and just allow the enamy to walk in surround them and then kill them all. Probably the worst AI I have seen in a game in a really long time.The divisions seems to be just terrible too, when I play I have three and in some cases six times more divisions than the enamy and I manage to be destroyed in a matter of minutes.I couldn't recommend you to not buy this game enough.This game is just an absolute mess, I wouldn't recommend to anyone to play this game. The AI is shocking, the deplomacy system is as bad as the AI. If I could I would rate this game a -10/10. It is litterally that bad.If I could I would like a refund."
,Recommended,394360,23663077,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Yung Dollaz,"I've played Paradox Grand Strategy games beginning with Europa Universalis 3, going on to Hearts of Iron 2 (then quickly 3), mastering vicky 2 and experimenting with a multitude of mods in the process. This is not my first paradox rodeo.Hearts of Iron 4 (Hoi4) is a much welcomed improvement in the series. I'm on my second game, and I'm already quite optimistic for what the future holds...Note the phrase optimistic; as with any paradox game, Hearts of Iron 4 at release hosts its fair share of bugs and head-scratchers along the way. I've played two proper games, with other half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥games as tutorials. In each game, one with historical AI on and one with historical AI off, I've had one completely unplausible event which annoyed me and brought me out of the immaculate immersion that Hearts of Iron 4  provides.1) In my historical German Reich game,I refused Japan's Call to Arms for their war against China. The Chinese army moved through the soviet union and annexed Hungary, who had answered the call to arms. The Chinese army, supplemented with the Soviet Army, then conquered hungary leading to some territory being annexed for china (which is unrealistic unto itself). Then came Barbarossa. I had encircled the troops past hungary and pounced upon them, but they kept retreating behind chinese lines. Although the chinese were also out of supply, their mere existence cause a severe headache in dealing with the 1 million soviet soldiers who refused to surrender and kept retreating behind the safety of chinese lines. Chinese troops should've withdrawn from Hungary, as they're almost as far as possible from China. I believe the AI should account for this and have a strong avoidance to committing troops FAR overseas when they should be at home (most apparent in China's case when they're at war with Japan).2) In my Finland game, I tried to bring Finland to the forefront of the world, and was slightly disappointed to see a complete lack of an independant Finnish National Focus Tree. As a nation that had a very valid strategic and practical role in WW2, I was disturbed to see a completely generic national focus tree. What was paradox thinking? I've already included many mods into my game, the next one being a unique focus tree for Iran. Why on earth would I pay even $2.99 for a national focus tree mod that a native Finnish Historian/passionate person could create with the multitude of modding tools that Paradox Interactive has provided? I say this not because I'm jaded and expect Johan to release a Winter War DLC, but because I genuinely fear for the possibility it might come.My overall point is that these technical bugs that have been present since Hearts of Iron 2 must be addresed. Kojima manages to do it in his MGS games, which consistently delight us with ""TECHNOLOGY!"" moments. Hearts of Iron 4 must also go the same route, and try to account for every single contigency that the player provides. I don't know how powerful Paradox's engine is, but if it can acomdate future graphical and ease of use updates, I suggest they use Hearts of Iron 4 as a platform to perfect the wargame Genre, and release Hearts of Iron 5 as the final complete World War 2 Wargame experience.Overall I am completely happy with HOI4, and will happily pay for any reasonably crafted DLC in the future, as well as recommending the game to friends who seek a more complex historically oriented grand strategy experience. I expect big things from this game, and I am truely hoping that Paradox uses it as a platform to perfect the World War 2 Wargame experience. There is quite a few issues with this game, that can be easily addressed by a willing team, which paradox embodies with their attitude towards this game.tl;dr: This game is a winner. If you're a Historian type, prepare for minor Irks, but understand they will be addressed in the  future. For paradox fans, this is one of the best entries into the grand strategy genre, which  is markedly better than Stellaris, which I dropped almost immediately after trying. If you're a history buff and think you might enjoy games that are more complex than Civ 5, definitely give Hearts of Iron 4 a shot.+ Production/Logistic/Supply System is much better+ Air system is Amazing, if simplistic to start (see mods/above post)+ Railroading is gone. Nationalist France Defeated Germany and succeeded her spirit (with none of the hate) by removing communism and defeating Britain.+ Battle planning system is easy to use and powerful, removing the need to micro thousands of troops.+ Workshop mod community is shaping up to be amazing- AI Reliably threw themselves away in predictable invasions. I forced over 400,000 British troops to surrender  because they kept landing at the same bait port.- Peace Conference AI needs some reworking. Nations demand concessions that don't even make sense, greatly disturbing the immersion.- AI in general needs reworking. All nations are viable which doesn't really make sense in the 10 year context of the game. AI is in general too easy to defeat.- There's a few areas in the game that are clearly unpolished. Whether this is to strategically accomodate DLC or just not paid attention to, I don't know. Finland, Canada, Turkey, and Spain all come to mind here.OVERALL VERDICT:8.5 / 10= My gripes are mostly due to issues that can be fixed through patches/reasonable downloads in the future. I hold high hopes for this game and would reccomend it to anyone who's historically inclined and wishing for a game that spans beyond the normal scope of WW2 RTS's / slow speed of 4x games. Once one breaks into the Grand Stregy Genre, they can find themselves hooked into a serious timesink.Now, back to my communist Ethiopia world domination game >:D"
76561198048567429,Recommended,394360,25313612,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Marco393,"-Germany is a ******* Powerhouse, Conquers all of Europe including Russia-Then Realizes... ""**** I forgot Switzerland""-Focuses the entire Reich's military on a country that has less than six territories-Looses against highly trained Swiss Mountain Infantry-Nukes Switzerland-Looses again. but not against Swiss Mountain Infantry, but Modern Tanks-Finally conquers Switzerland after 5 years-11/10 would conquer Switzerland again"
,Recommended,394360,30235221,Posted: 27 February,all,Tasi,Its great but for a beginner its a little hard to learn
76561197968604899,Not Recommended,394360,23476691,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Skyworld,"The concept is good, well it was expected since it is the fourth chapter of a pretty good game.. but it lacks of some basics.First of all it is damned short, it starts in 1936 and it ends on 1948... you can literally start and finish a single game in less then a day. Second, it is too easy to change faction, i mean.. if a have a fascist country i can switch to comunism in a matter of two years... pretty unreal and you can as well influence other countries and make them change political side in a very short time. There is another big problem, Germany. Germany is supposed to be the unstoppable machine in the first years, according to history, techonogically more advanced and well more military prepared then all others.. well i have seen Germany kicked out of the game very early. Nazionalist Spain lose 8 times out of 10. i can deal with it,it must be supported.. but come on If you send forces to help and ally you have to handle them yourself and you are not able to give control to your ally.Trade... oooh another pain in the neck.. you can just manage what you import while exports are done automatically according to your trade politic... so if you produce someting you actually need.. well it may be gone becuase it is traded away. it really could be adjusted easily..I do not dislike the game, but it is far far behind the startegy game i was expecting and looking for.. if you compare to europa universalis 4, it stays years behind it... not a single animation for paratroopers launches.it sounds sad, but i hope paradox sent out a ""short"" version of the game to make more cash with some expansions..At the actual state, the game is below average.If you can't really wait to buy it, do not even think to waste money on the field marshall or colonel versions just to add some cosmetic models that you barely see in the game. Just go for the basic version and nothing will change.. (pretty sad as well).Paradox, go for some serious DLC.. improve this game. Make it longer FGS! more challenging..As it is for now, NEGATIVE."
76561198051514398,Recommended,394360,23709526,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,JohnTheGreat,"Great game, definitely like it more than Hearts of Iron 3 or Darkest Hour."
76561197992131437,Not Recommended,394360,23551642,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,efullerton,"This game is exactly what we've come to expect from the Paradox business model. This is a game with a wonderful interface and big ideas, but that is basically broken at the time of release. The AI is so extremely poor that it breaks any sense of playing against a strategic opponent. Eventually with 3 or 4 more DLCs and 2 years of development, plus another 30-40 dollars out of your pocket, they'll have a game that lives up to its potential. The question you have to ask yourself is if you want to continue subsidising their development plans by buying the game in the first year of release when you know it's not a finished product."
,Not Recommended,394360,23437400,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Punderland,"Nope, played my first game. It was Nat China. Beat Japan by 1939. Landed on Okinawa in 1941. Jap:Nat Casualty is 1.6M to 420K. Countries are so similar that I thought I was playing Civ. Even total war has more depth.....The lack in distance between techs and lack in differences of the ability to research makes it so frikin easy for minors to catch up with majors. This is not WW2. This is fantasy.The game is frankly, much more streamlined. But much more simple also.As a war game lover, cant say this is a strategy game."
,Recommended,394360,30409423,Posted: 9 March,all,Not Gay Beared,The best game and my favorite game in my library. I love it but all of my friends are civ ♥♥♥♥ and refuse to purchase it so I am alone pls help.
,Recommended,394360,30516743,Posted: 14 March,all,Dinkelberg,"Never thought I would've ""liberated"" so many nations in the name of oil. Wait I meant freedom"
,Recommended,394360,30514089,Posted: 14 March,all,BearMoisturizer,"Hearts of Iron IV is a true masterpiece. It is basically a $40 (without all the DLC and SICK Sabaton music packs) version of Risk. The only way i can think of that it in any way differs from the board game Risk is that it is set in WWII and there are boats and planes. I give it a 9/10, 1 point off for having to pay extra for the sick Sabaton jams, which I'm sure you could just alt+tab to youtube and find with little to no effort. Anyways remember 1453, Turkey has no right to be a sovereign nation, always start the game as Ethiopia, and by buying this game you sell your family to Paradox's underground♥♥♥♥♥♥cult."
76561198129782691,Recommended,394360,29076116,Posted: 6 January,all,God-King Andrew,"So, I played Canada, right? By 1939, had the US annexed. 10/10 would put all my divisions on eastern US again"
,Recommended,394360,30648743,Posted: 21 March,all,h4m:Pu5,I okej äs Sovjet juniun nd i vant tu now huv tov ettek jermäny ändå tibääääät asory mein Spellings is not ugood.
76561198056875377,Recommended,394360,30652344,Posted: 21 March,all,The Dutch Hound,grand strategy at its best
,Recommended,394360,30590761,Posted: 18 March,all,Communist Seal,"Its a fun game, however if you don't have friends then you may not get as much out of it."
76561198328912037,Recommended,394360,30673600,Posted: 22 March,all,GoldDragon687,I really really like this game and i love it but for last week the game keeps crashing before it even loads and if I want to play i have to uninstall the game and wait a hour and the historical AI isnt right the Ai dosnt make the mistakes Hitler does when ever I play no matter what I do hitler always takes over britian and Germany never betrays the soviets it make the game kind of boring because the allies get crippled and Germany is always beating them Maybe take out the time after you end a nonagression pact you cant attack the person you ended your pact with it makes Germany unable to do what it did in history. please make it historicly accurate it would make the game alot more fun and alot less one sided because without the soviets attack Germany the allies stand no chance and PLEASE make it so Germany dosnt invade england if you put on historic AI. But overall execpt for some historical in accuratcies and it making me crash its a awsome game. Maybe add a faction specfic research tree for major nations and give the default research tree to the small nations. O and i bought the 80$ one and I dint even get a season pass or anything you should atleast add a season pass to the 80$ pact its kind of cheap charge you customer basicly 40 extra dollars for 1 dlc and some cosmetics add a season pass dont be cheap.  PS dont buy the Field marshal pack its a rip off buy the 2nd one the 60$ one or just get the core game for 40$ but seriously the Feild marshal pack is a huge rip off its a waste off money without a season pass I love this game but I feel like Field marshal is a MASSIVE RIP OFF and they were just trying make money there. I really hope the devs read this and listen to my problem esspecially the one where i keep crashing and having to reinstall the game
,Recommended,394360,30641355,Posted: 20 March,all,Mr. Clean,"This is one of the greatest games I have ever played.You can alter the history of not only the nation you are playing as, but the history of the world.In my current playthrough I am a communist United States.Next I plan on playing as fascist Canada.Anyways, if you are fascinated by history of the world and world war 2 you should buy this game."
76561198042623187,Recommended,394360,26756089,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,lillamaster,good game but got very much of bugs wen its coms to multiplayer.Else than that love the game
,Recommended,394360,26757837,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Android_ELITE,"Welcome to Hearts of Iron: ""I'm Actually Not A Fan of Spreadsheets"" Edition.*Serious(ish) Bit*If you want SUPER L33T in-depth Football Manager style grand strategy, this is not that.If you want a WW2 ""Realistic Enough"" grand strategy that has a not-astronomical learning curve and gives you some room to screw around, have we got a show for you...*End the Serious(ish) Bit*""Poland can into space"" ect. etc....How about a few short stories?My first run (Germany):We don't talk about my first run...My second run ('Murica):Everything looks good... oh, right. Great Depression. How did we fix that again?Ah, I think I've figured it out!DEAR GOD NOW WE HAVE MORE FACTORIES AVAILABLE THAN MODERN AMERICA HAS WALMARTSPRODUCTIONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNRESEARCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNow what to do with our crap ton load of boats, planes, tanks and soldiers?*WW2 starts*QUICKLY! ACROSS THE OCEAN!*Allies are pushing back Germany by the time I'm done preparing to ship the armies out, it's 1941*Well...Hey look! Venezuela is Fascist! We have an excuse *I mean valid reason* to attack them! Send half our forces immediately!(forgets venezuela is mostly jungle/rainforest)Why is there so much attrition?? OH... ****.Might as well finish what we started, right?*1946**finally beat the japanese for the second time, kicking soviet♥♥♥♥♥in operation unthinkable*Oh hey look Venezuela has capitulated... I'm just going to not think about how many men died of starvation and hostile wildlife and having to fight with rocks because we couldn't get equipment to them reliably enough. ... Oh, we need to address the media? Just say that there were a bunch of Nazi bases there or something... no one can know...I'll add my other playthroughs if people actually see this, but I've already spent too much time writing. It's midnight. :P"
76561198245759708,Recommended,394360,26758350,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Cookieman Gaming,"Plays Germanyannexes Austria, Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia, puppets Greecerealizes Poland has made their own factionlaughes insidedanzig or warwar obviouslytakes Poland, Lithuania, Latvia and EstonialolsItaly, Japan, Turkey and the balkan nations join me as they realize that Germany has all the dank memesInvades RussiaFinland loves me and joinsFinland starts wrecking the Ruskies and takes Moscow in a monthjaw dropslolsthe clean upRussia surrendersmake sure i get all the oilsplit between me, Finland Japani give mongolia to mengkukuolols as mengkukuo have no forceshelps Japan defeat Chineseturns back to europeattacks allieswrecks franceinvades UKlols as there is almost no one thereprays the U.S doesn't join alliesinvades the vikingsbeats Norway and Swedeninvades canada and Rajbeats emevil laugh as the USA starts justifying against me as i go into peace talksmoves all da troops to have some maple syrup in the igloosprepares to nukeusa declares warlols as the usa is almost fallen in 2 weeksnukes a few big cities no biggyusa realizes its overtries to make the man in the high castle scenario as best as possiblecleans up the rest of the worldgets bored as there is nothing to doreleases all the countries i have defeated to comprehend the pwnagerushing feeling of priderealizes its 4 in the morning and you started playing at 8 the previous morningcontemplates what im doing with my lifegoes to sleepwakes uprepeats with different nation21/10Honestly though one of my most favourite games of all time :)"
76561198000873071,Recommended,394360,26960782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lemmium,Having played Hearts of Iron III and enjoyed it quite well I find this game to be a well done successor to it. Definitely cleaned up on the annoying features and made good features better. This game has a much less steep learning curve than HoV III.
76561198138096850,Recommended,394360,30455001,Posted: 11 March,all,hudson.tyler,Very impressive game with unending content allowing you to play any country during he world war two era.
76561198035580529,Recommended,394360,30402681,Posted: 8 March,all,random64,"so when writing this review iv played at least 50 hours of this game not including afk time, i think this game is great, its a lot of fun with a lot of great mod support that runs pretty decent. my only complaints are that the ai is hardly the best and is often weak, and the axis seems to lose a little too often, but you can you can change that if you really want too.theres a lot of good strategy too this game and a  lot of fun to be had with som serious alternate history. but be ware it will take time to get into, i still dont get 100% of how naval invations work and theres a lot of stuff to manage but its very rewarding to learn."
76561198325296368,Recommended,394360,30707873,Posted: 24 March,all,UncleClam,Great game. Workshop mods are pretty boss.
76561198007633985,Recommended,394360,29431201,Posted: 22 January,all,ospdwise23,"Its a time eater, thats for sure. I love this game. The vanilla version is great but if you want to mix it up and add some depth and challenge, use the black ice mod."
76561198040218393,Recommended,394360,30850885,Posted: 31 March,all,Rev Love Lution,"Incredible diverse mods , keeps you playing over and over again. Man in the High Castle ? Possible . 1984? Possible . WW I ?  Possible. Napoleon ? Possible . A modern day scenario ? Possible.  ...And if you choose the vanilla game ... so much you can learn about history and geography just by playing.Every HOI game the expectations are higher and this truely is worth it."
,Recommended,394360,24545299,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Autismo Maximus,"-Playing as the Confederate States-Spends first 3 years going facists and preparing for war-♥♥♥♥♥♥ building slots, no resources and little to no civilian factories but starts getting more overtime-Goes from 75k manpower to over 3 million thanks to facist bonus/limited conscription-Most troops are set up along Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky and Virginia-Yankees are uppsetti and starts deploying all troops all across the borders with me but spreads out to thin-November 1939 and WW2 has been raging for 3 months, so I start♥♥♥♥♥♥with Mexico, claiming Chihuahua and Sonora-Mexico and America are not pleased-Justifying finishes and To Arms in Dixie starts playing as Operation Blackbeard commences-My armored forces of the Army of Kentucky shattered the yankees along the Ohio river and pushed for Lake Erie-2 weeks into the war and the United States is already cut in 2, several counter attacks failed to dislodge the Army of Kentucky or to push into Confederate territory on all fronts-I realized this isnt enough so I start planning on invading the rest of the east coast with the combined might of the Army of Kentucky and Army of Northern Virginia-1 month into the war and only suffered 10k casualties while the damned yankees have over 60k but I know I gotta move fast before they bring everything to bear-December 7th 1939 operation Coalscuttle was launched with the Army of Kentucky attacking from the west towards Pittsburgh Pennsylvania then onto Buffalo New York while the Army of Northern Virginia pushes through Maryland and Southern Pennsyvania to capture Washington DC and Philadelphia-Feburary 16 1940 after slugging it's way through stronghold after stronghold, the armies of Kentucky and Northern Virginia have conquered the entire east coast with New York City the last eastern bastion of the yankees fell after a month long siege with the surrender of over 200,000 defenders-The damned yankees are now outgunned with all their precious factories in the east under Richmond's control-Spends the next week reinforcing the western part of Ohio for the push into Indiana Towards Detriot and Chicago-By now the rest of the border has been reinforced with the veterans of the Army of Northern Virginia for an all out offensive along the entire border with the north-Everything is ready and southern soldier starts playing-Confederate forces savagely smashed through the yankee's defenses and start the long trek towards victory and glory-Detriot falls within the first week of the offensive along with Indianapolis, Springfield, St.Louis and Kansas City-Every US division along the border retreats towards Chicago for a last stand attempt-After 3 weeks of stubborn resistance and costly close quarter fighting, Chicago is finally taken-Tired of war the United States of America capitulted to the Confederate States of America-The war reparations were hard with no mercy for the yankees- California, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Neveda, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Maryland, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the Panama Canal was annexed into the Confederacy while a facist government was put in to puppet the new Free American Empire-With no one to help out Mexico is now alone in the war and falls with in a month of fighting-At the peace conference Sonora and Chihuahua are annexed into the Confederate states with again like the United States before it, a facist president is put in charge to manage the war torn country-The war raged on from November 7th of 1939 to April 10th of 1940 with over 150,000 southern soldiers giving their lives while over 500,000 yankees paid with theirs along with 150,000 mexican soldiers-Raised from the ashes of this conflict, a new western power emerges with the combined might of the Confederate States, Free American Empire and Imperial Mexico creating the Western Confederacy with it's new aim of uniting the people of the Americas and prepare for it's defense against second World War which will eventually reach it's borders10/10 I ♥♥♥♥ing love the workshop"
,Recommended,394360,24020337,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,NT Chris,Easier to learn than what I thought it would be.
,Recommended,394360,30833386,Posted: 30 March,all,Henry H. Pouet,"Paradox delivers another good GSG. Good, but not great. The game is fun and an obvious improvement over earlier issues of the serie. Still, it is lacking: many parts can (and probably will) be improved. I advise to wait for more patches and/or a sale."
76561198071418446,Recommended,394360,30876379,Posted: 1 April,all,Gwapнҷ,It's good but needs more dlc for me to buy.
,Recommended,394360,29392735,Posted: 21 January,all,Messerschmitt Bf 109,Its a perfect game I would recommend this to everyone
76561197991088969,Recommended,394360,23434695,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sethfcm,"Paradox finally made up for HoI 3 (which I did not like much at all) with a working A.I both for the enemy and for your own generals, a very indepth and intricate, yet accessable resource and production system, and genuinely good atmosphere.HoI IV is a great game. I've enjoyed three games thus far, two as small nations and one as the U.S.A all three games were enjoyable, though I was doing terribly in the first two. I whole heartedly recommend Hearts of Iron 4, and look forward to dlc and mod content."
76561198349153643,Recommended,394360,30414529,Posted: 9 March,all,BinTheKiwi,"this game is perfect for a geography person, the way you can choose any country in world war 2 is amazing you can join in the second world war as china or mexico or not even fight in it.the one thing it lacks is focus trees for all you nations but the workshop gives you these focus even for tibet. overall this game gives you the option to build a morden empire or divide onenote do not play as tanna tuva9/10"
76561197973066516,Recommended,394360,30655553,Posted: 21 March,all,Soulvomit,"A bit late to the party, this is my first grand strategy game.  tldr it's good.I wish there was a bit less to do when first starting a game as one of the major powers.  After a while I felt myself being more inclined to play smaller powers so getting the game rolling didn't feel like such a pain.  But this is subjective to an extent as I guess I just prefer smaller powers?  I guess?  It's a bit of a cloudy issue.In historic and non-historic mode there are multiple ways to play each nation which adds a lot of replay value.The ""tutorial"" is a little lacking.  I was able to find so much information on how to play the game through forums and videos.  But there is a lot, or seems to be a lot, of things happening.  Simply playing and messing around will also teach a lot.  The seemingly slow pace of the game grants a lot of time to learn on ones own time.  One could also say learning how to play this game is part of what adds to it's lifepsan.The sheer amount of mods and potential mods ensure you can play this later down the line and find things to spice up gameplay.Everything I have said thusfar results in extending the shelf life of the game but what about it at the base.  Well, if your a starcraft player looking for something new it may not be your cup of coffee.  As an older gamer I see it as an old mans rts.  Desicion making is very thoughtful especially considering all the ways to play, win and fail.  Acting on impulse can be punishing sometimes.  Knowing when to act quickly and how to look at a bigger picture can feel very rewarding.  The genre name of ""grand strategy"" is all too obvious here.The game is very pretty for the kind of game it is.  But I would recommend having a decent machine as mid-late game when you are in the ""vortex"" and world war is a fact of life things can get weird for old pc's.It's great stuff, I look forward to good expansions."
,Recommended,394360,30758797,Posted: 26 March,all,I want to die,"So I have been playing this game quite a while now and dont get me wrong it's fun and all but the only ""real"" fun that the developers put in was accidentally put in i'm sure. Every serious WW2 that I tried to play ended like this: Look at Africa the Italians are at war with ethiopia in 1945 because the AI isn't smart enough to push through the gap they have left in their lines and watch this my allies call my into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wars which I will never accept cause i need to drive my single motorised division trough Siberia to get the Soviets to capitulate while they take Berlin with 500000 Infantry Division in a single province while the Germans still struggle with Greece! Man that's just some hate I needed to get out so to summarize what I wanted to say: It's an o.k. game but nothing more. the reason for this is the poorly programmed AI that they still try to fix only real redeemable value are those fckin awesome mods. Be happy Paradox the community saved pretty much saved your♥♥♥♥♥:)"
76561198259409466,Recommended,394360,30759213,Posted: 26 March,all,usennation,"after i watched one person play this i had to have it after playing 50 atempts of the nations in it ,i heartly recommend"
76561198065314603,Recommended,394360,24546695,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ua,its fun i guess
76561198138018181,Recommended,394360,33135437,Posted: 2 July,all,Hawaiian Koifish,When there is more added to the game and when there are some major Ai fixes like historical peace treaties.Then this game will be truly great.Right now it is good
,Recommended,394360,31778693,Posted: 15 May,all,Supremisis,10/10 make USA soviet again
76561198100239393,Not Recommended,394360,23450855,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rapid,"Hearts of Iron 4, the latest release title in the HoI series and a much awaited game, here's my opinion on if it delivers and if it's worth your moneyPresentationThere's not much to be said about the graphics, it's a massive improvement over the previous games and it shouldn't take you a lot of time to see how clean the game looks, it runs at constant 60 FPS with slight drops when playing on high speeds. In case you have a weaker PC I'd recommend turning off the day and night cycle which seems to impact the frames.Learning CurveThis is a very important part of the game and this ties in with more aspects of the game. The game is very easy to get into, personally I started a German campaign on veteran to see how difficult it might be, and within 3-4 hours of play time, I could safely say I had a fair understanding and no difficulties. I have not tried the tutorials as I'm not a fan of them so for those of you who might be similar to me, you might find it more entertaining by watching a couple of videos on how to play the game, and if you're so eager to play the game, go in there and see how it works, the game won't smack you.PoliticsPolitics in this game as in previous ones remain fairly simple, with a slight leap forward, now you have greater control of which party might be on the rise, you get to choose political advisors and members of your high command and choose manufacturers for certain equipment. Another nice little feature is the ability to create custom factions, I am very pleased with this addition as with choosing manufacturers but I can't help but to feel that it's a little shallow.Allow me to explain, starting here, the game misses out on a lot and I'll try not too make this more complex than it should be, I don't understand why we can't see our government and ministers and appoint them as we could before, instead you can choose certain members to be advisors and so on, I feel this was dumbed down for no reason. Another thing I wish could've been expanded on were the manufacturers, while I am so happy to see them I can't help but feel that they too are a little shallow, instead of choosing who to produce weapons for you, now we can say anything, from small arms to tanks to support vehicles to planes to ships, I think it would've been really nice if you could choose individually who you would prefer, why would all my tanks be produced by Porsche and not some by someone else, this way you could have slight differences in stats and would allow you to customize a bit more.ResearchResearch is fairly simple in the game, as was in Hearts of Iron 3, you choose what you want to research and that's it. Something to watch out for just in case, make sure you don't research ahead of time as you get penalties, also some national focuses give you ""discounts"" on certain technologies which might allow you to research faster or ahead of time, so you can add some planning and coordination between the two. One small complaint is that I wish I could in advance choose what I wanted to research next and have a queue instead of having to choose again every time one of them is done but it's not too much work to do.TradeTrade is very simple, very easy to understand and in my opinion a massive improvement, instead of earning money and having it stockpile and such, you now trade in civilian factories for a certain resource. Most nations have resources that they have and that they lack so it's important to trade with them or to acquire their resources through conquest, it adds some immersion to the game as it was in the time, keeping up your war machine, so it's not only a war for territory but also a war for resources. To produce equipment, it requires a certain amount of resources to be produced and if you lack them you have to trade, again, very simple.ConstructionA great leap forward and a great addition, also very easy to understand and I have no complaints as of yet. Instead of having IC ( Industrial Capacity ) and then using it to satisfy consumer goods and having to balance everything you now have civilian and military factories which do exactly as their names suggest. You can even convert civilian factories into military ones to strenghten your production, the way it works is your country is made up of states and those states are then divided into smaller provinces, so, you simply choose in which state you want to build in and that's it, really simple. States are capped to how many buildings they can have in them and I would recommend planning where you want to build your factories as they might get bombed. You can also build AA guns, coastal forts, land forts, air bases, naval bases etc.ProductionAnother great addition to the game, you distribute your factories and dockyards and invest how many you want to invest in certain weapon levels, tanks, planes, ships & submarines. This system kind of replaces the annoyance that IC used to give you but this is a bit more subtle when you're playing the game. Production ties in with technology, your production lines have certain efficency caps which can be increased through researching machinery tools and factory output can be too, factory output affects exactly what it suggests, how many pieces of something you can pump out in a day, week or month, the higher it is, the faster you produce however, through technology you choose if you want to have a concentrated industry ( higher output ) or dispersed ( lower than concentrated but safer from bombing )Recruitment & DeploymentThis is where I really have mixed feelings. So, you have your division templates which you can edit, you can choose to have more men or less in them, you can choose what to give to that template meaning support equipment but this applies for everyone, again, allow me to explain. While I do enjoy customizing my divisions I don't really think this was the best way to do it, while the game doesn't restrict me and tell me I can't do something, it does tell me I'll have to put some work and army experience in if I want to customize everything to the point of my liking. I noticed this when I wanted to give my infantry SPGs, every single division now wanted SPGs..and I went nuts. Am I to create dozens upon dozens of templates and then organize them just so I can choose who I want to give certain attachments and who to give others? I would end up making hundreds of infantry templates and you can imagine having do to this in every campaign would be very annoying. The previous system told you ""Right, here's an infantry division, here are their stats, would you like to change anything?"" and that was top notch, I don't see a flaw in that, I could have my militia, my infantry, my mechanized, everything. Now I need to do all of this work while the system is offering me no boundaries, and I understand what they're point was but I think it wasn't given too much thought, or maybe it's just me complaining about this?Moving on, once you've the template you want to train, you select where you want them trained and then they're equipped and trained, I think this is a nice addition, with the option to send them out before they're ready and having them ""green"" but you don't get to choose how you want your troops trained, should they have one month training? Two months? You could choose for all units, and I think there's wasted potential here. You can also have them automatically assign to armiesLogisticsAn excellent addition if not my favorite, you can see how much equipemnt you have in store, how much you need, I just love looking at those numbers and having to think how to distribute my factories properly, I think it's a very neat addition.Hearts of Iron 4 is a great game, but it doesn't fully live up to my expectations.[[u]NEGATIVE DUE TO DLC[/u]"
76561198074872701,Recommended,394360,29158292,Posted: 10 January,all,Jo Jo Stalin,"I have more than 200 hours in this ganme, and honestly, I do not know what everyone is complaining about. It took me ~10 hours to learn the game in full, and from that, I've been playing with friends.I agree, the AI is pretty bad at times. And that Paradox milks everyone. But you know what? I've had fun with this game! There's nothing like invading the Soviets in 1939 as Poland!Bored of the main game? Try mods! They add a lot more.Seriously, if it's on sale, buy it. Don't spend $40 bucks on it, only on sale."
76561198009043901,Recommended,394360,29022723,Posted: 4 January,all,{WeB}*Kariboe*,"Great WWII game, great fun. If you like the Paradox series, and the WWII setting, this one is a must have. Only con I have found so far, in the late game (1944 and onwards), some pc's might find it difficult to run the game smoothly.Otherwise a great game to play :-)"
76561198281315703,Recommended,394360,28323764,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,CyberTron Alpha,Absolutely a fun for people who want to play by historical standards in a game or maybe for those who like to screw with history and play an interesting game.
,Recommended,394360,33033455,Posted: 30 June,all,Malum Lupus,Be ready for the DLCS but the base game is sold and worth every penny !
76561198122854138,Recommended,394360,33042140,Posted: 30 June,all,Windows XP User,"A great game, but as many have complained, the DLCs are outrageously priced as well, should be already implemented into the main game, not have to be bought"
76561198081830953,Recommended,394360,28164872,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Michcos,Most addictive game ever. Would waste my life again.
,Recommended,394360,33017815,Posted: 29 June,all,SabarTheST,"This game is great addition, to the library of, any lovers of strategy games like Stellaris and Age of Empires. This game features easy controls and management systems to help process the game's functions. There is an easily understand able tutorial,  which does a great deal to help new players fully learn to play this game to its best extent. There is also a highly active modding community for this game, which produces many high quality mods, such as Kaiserreich and The Road To 56, which allows for many additional hours of playtime. In total, a great way to spend an afternoon while relaxing, listening to podcasts or watching videos."
,Not Recommended,394360,23541071,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,DrClumber,"Edit - I no longer recommend this game. As you can read in the original review, I expected Paradox to improve the game a lot with the first few DLCs and, sadly, this has not happened to the extend I've come to expect from them. This isn't a spiting change, I don't mind the DLC model at all, but only if it actually improves the game and, so far, it hasn't.Simply adding country packs is not sufficient for a game that was launched with serious deficiencies. There have been some changes to the engineroom, particular in air warfare, but I don't find myself playing it any longer because there are countless other deficiencies that have not been addressed.Most significant deficiency - the AI. It is erratic and dumb, both when you hand control to it and when you are fighting it.========================================================================Hearts of Iron- played it a bit, but wasn't quite deep enough or engaging for me.Hearts of Iron 2- played it loads, great game. Made me fall in love with Paradox Interactive.Hearts of Iron III- disappointed to begin with, patches and new computer made me play it again and loved it. Needed better preparation before being unleashed on the world. Now unfortunately crashing all the time again. This leads me to what I hoped HOI4 would be - a game with depth, better interface and a lot fewer bugs. This is why I was happy that PDX delayed releasing this game.Hearts of Iron IV- great start. The game still crashes on my iMac at times, but they just released a patch and hopefully that fixes things. The game is far better looking, seems to run a lot better, has great new mechanics and generally still kept a lot of the depth of gameplay I was after.Long reviewGreat pointsThe changes to the Air and Naval combat systems are generally a stroke of genius. There are still some issues with it, but in general it is a far better system than in previous versions of HOI.The changes to production and construction are great, they just make a lot more sense now. You can really feel the burn when your factories need to switch to different production, it forces you to make tough decisions - do you produce better infantry weapons for the land-war in Africa, or do you keep pushing for those much needed naval bombers to secure convoys and try and win the naval war in the Atlantic?You are in charge - what I mean is that the new combat planning systems have the right balance between human-control and AI. No longer do you have to force troops out of AI control only to forget about them and have them stranded in some dessert.This is a Paradox game. It can be modded, it can be altered and it will improve over time, just like a good glass of wine.Not so great pointsThis is a Paradox game. It needs time to mature. There are still some awkward interface issues and at times there are very odd, random UI decisions that need addressing.This is a Paradox game. You need to invest time to master it. Do not buy this game if you want a casual experience. This is not necessarily a die-hard only game(Dwarf Fortress Style), but it does have a learning curve and it can appear intimidating at times.In the drive to make the experience smooth Paradox has got rid of several important interface options. The overlays/mapmodes that are key in EUIV and other PDX games are not quite there yet and quite confusing.The biggest miss, to me, is the indicators of naval and air-battles. The game really needs a better notification for this. The war is huge and the current pop-ups/sound-effects become overwhelming. I don't need to know I sank 2 convoys in the Central Atlantic, but I do need to know my Mediterranean fleet has been spotted by a superior force and I need to reassign naval bombers as soon as possible to sort them out - an optional autopause function there (as there was in HOI3 etc.) would not go amiss. The same goes for when new ships and troops are deployed. Just a pop-up to tell me, it is all I want.Flavour. I understand why the game wasn't released chuckful of flavour and don't get me wrong, there already is a lot to like here. But I long (perhaps I am sad) for a bit more - When Britain launches its first Ark Royal Carrier I'd like to be reminded of how important this ship was. When the Americans take down a Japanese battleship I would like some sort of notification of the dramatic impact this had. The Fighter-Aces are a nice touch and I'd like a bit more of that sort of thing. DLC will no doubt bring that though.ConclusionDo I recommend this game? Yes, wholeheartedly. It is the best Hearts of Iron game already, by quite some margin. The game still has things that PDX need to iron out, but past experiences prove that they will. If you are remotely interested in the second World War, like strategy games and are not too numbed down by quick, flashy experiences on your iPhone, than this game will tick a hell of a lot of boxes. More than any other WW2 strategy game out there, by far."
,Recommended,394360,33184475,Posted: 3 July,all,Jason,Great fun game with plenty to do and gameplay that make you want to come back.Pros:Easier to LearnChoose your nations pathLots of good modsCons:AiAiAi Why are you dong thatAi Please stop
,Recommended,394360,30630282,Posted: 19 March,all,VALIRION,"Once you get the hang of the game, it becomes very fun and entertaining. Especially if you love history."
76561198349148107,Recommended,394360,31669806,Posted: 10 May,all,Pekka-Eric Auvinen,Awesome game i just love it so much! And the mods are just makong that game more and more exciting!
,Recommended,394360,31630711,Posted: 8 May,all,AidenTheJones,"Defintely one of the best strategy games out there. Has a lot of replayability, and even more so through the large collection of mods."
,Recommended,394360,30765800,Posted: 26 March,all,Emu,"This game is better than Daniel, therefore, moderate."
,Recommended,394360,31924065,Posted: 23 May,all,kaasschaaf,"Great game, nothing to add."
,Recommended,394360,29575781,Posted: 29 January,all,CommyMist,You should definitely play this game.unless you like games with good AI
76561198114057184,Recommended,394360,29484449,Posted: 25 January,all,TestingWife2695✅,gud gaym
76561198061356973,Recommended,394360,24424488,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Child Labor,Great GameDumbed down a little from hoi 3Great mod supportImproved Multiplayer
,Recommended,394360,32095212,Posted: 31 May,all,spooky meme,"Definietly one of my favourite games recently, shame that the developers decide that things like commands must be obtainable only by dlc.  Like in Together for victory where allowing people to go in one line(summerizing it here) or to an area without diverting, you have to buy a dlc.Overall, if you dont mind a game that is slightly overpriced, this is the game for you.current DlCS-TOF-15$D0D-10$"
76561198086170861,Not Recommended,394360,26681346,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nspire.michael,"Massive step down from HOI 3.  The pre war / production and manufacturing is really really nice and enjoyable ...then you go to war and its absolute misery.   Like a busier more complex axis and allies, or risk.I feel the people who made the game simply never played table to world war 2 board games."
76561198117676637,Recommended,394360,28455066,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,randolfpickman,One does not simply take over russia in the winter
76561198009632991,Not Recommended,394360,32165533,Posted: 3 June,all,TheVikingPanda,"Sadly, I cannot recommend this game.  TLDR: The AI is atrocious, naval and air combat are poorly explained and seem to add nothing to the game, it is comically simple to win as any major nation, Paradox is continuing their trend of adding massive numbers of paid DLC when they haven't even fixed the idiotic AI from the base game...the list goes on (but it's mostly the AI)Example: Multiplayer, non-historical focus.  Friend and I decide to have some fun and play Yugoslavia and Romania.  Romania invades Bulgaria, which apparently gets Romania declared on by ALL of the Allies...I guess they guaranteed the independence right before he attacked or something.  They can't get to him because the only route is through Turkey...stalemate.  Yugoslavia invades Austria, is within moments of taking the capitol...when Germany finishes Anschlus.  All of Yugoslavia's troops are kicked out, all territorial gains are lost, Germany gets Austria when Austria didn't own Austria...well, that's annoying.WW2 kicks off semi-normally.  We decide to have some fun and attack into Italy and Southern Germany while they are invading France.  ALL of the AI on both sides IMMEDIATELY cease all hostilities to each other (not one single piece of territory in Belgium, Netherlands, or France changed hands for the remainder of the game).  Germany and Italy pull over 200 divisions to counterattack us.  We hold the lines until we notice that, instead of pounding Germany while they are distracted, the Allies have devoted ALL of their resources to an AMPHIBIOUS F****** INVASION of...Romania...seriously.  You ignored GERMANY to go after Romania with every free division you had...seems legitDespite Romania holding Berlin and about 100 other victory points, the instant that the Allies touch his capitol he is forced to capitulate and all territory goes back to Germany like nothing happened.Game uninstalled.  Before you judge that decision harshly, this is not the 1st, 5th, or even 10th time almost that EXACT same scenario has occured.  That example was simply the most recent, after they ""fixed"" the AI."
76561198153467894,Recommended,394360,27111382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,freelyboy,this game is so good play this b4 you die
,Recommended,394360,32453135,Posted: 15 June,all,Liam,"I bought the cadet edition and the expansion pass, no regrets TBH, the game has provided me with hundreds of hours of fun and for those complaining about Paradox taking money, you should know what you're getting into, Paradox has made games before and have piled on DLC after DLC *Cough* EU4, you should expect that with other games. I'm happy enough to support the developers of HOI and buy the DLC's, they are fun and I enjoy them.Basically, if you're willing to support the developers and give them that much more for more fun then get the game, if you want the game alone and you're going to complain that DLC's come out that complete the game more then this isn't the game for you."
76561198085352804,Recommended,394360,32450086,Posted: 15 June,all,KaiserOrc,"It's a fantastic game, but there are some serious issues that take away from the fun of the game. The gurantees are absolutely ridiculous. Just recently I was playing a game as Italy and attacked Yugoslavia, for some reason Czechoslavakia decided to gurantee them, so now I'm in the middle of a war with the Czechs who I can't even get acess to. The worst part is the major allied powers always gurantee everything in sight. I'd really rather they nerf gurantess to add to the enjoyment of the game. I shouldn't have to worry about ridiculous gurantees."
76561198166019563,Recommended,394360,32458959,Posted: 15 June,all,confusedwharf,hoi4 is very good but even better with mods but still its the kind of game that you can play with or without mod
,Not Recommended,394360,30315126,Posted: 4 March,all,ThatGuyYouKnow01,"Was great on launch, even posted a positive review. However since launch, almost NOTHING has changed. I see no difference whatsoever from launch until now (June 16th 2017) and unless I pay for the game another time. (for focus trees? 1 year of development gave us focus trees? which aren't even accessible without DLC? Pardon me?)Ive played all there is to play and haven't gotten 100 hours yet. I've tried to start games here and there but there's no replayability after you've played almost every minor and every major power in singleplayer. Playing online is aids, either you join a random game where 50% of the server leaves in 10 minutes or you get those organized games where you can't do anything because they'll add 12329193129009 rules making it impossible to use half the game's mechanics.Yeah there's mods, that's the only reason I have as many hours as I do.That's a bad thing, a game that needs mods to be any fun is a game where the devs haven't put in enough work and are relying on the community to do their job for them.Oh, and this isn't a strategy game by the way, this is just a game where you line up troops (remember Risk?) on the guy's border and smash them against each other until someone wins."
,Not Recommended,394360,33316469,Posted: 6 July,all,Oveja con Alzheimer,">take out most fun features of previous installment>make the game look prettier>dumb it down to sell it to normies basically>DOUBLE THE PRICE AND MAKE IT INCOMPLETE, SO THE PLAYERS WILL BUY OUR OVERPRICED DLCthat's seemingly paradox recipe for success nowadays."
76561198030715633,Recommended,394360,32619707,Posted: 21 June,all,Wundsalz,"Although I've enjoyed to play HoI II a lot and HoI III somewhat, I've been fairly reluctant to buy HoI IV. That's due to the bad reviews and Paradox obnoxious DLC policy.Now that is has been on sale, I've bought the base game and enjoyed my first single player match. The series has made a huge leap from a stat manager to a WW2 simulator, which is nice. The army AI has been improved a lot. For the first time in a HoI game I feel comfortable to let the AI manage all fronts, finetuning it with order adjustments and an occasional direct order.The Production system overhaul is a step into the right direction as well. You produce parts like artillery, tanks and weapons independently from divisions now, which just pick up the best equipment available in your stock upon recruitment. Old equipment gets gradually replaced once better equipment is researched and produced or salvaged from your enemy. That's nice and adds a great deal of immersion to the game.Overall plenty of tedious micro-management aspects have been stripped and less new details have been added which increase the immersion. The base game is fun on its own, so I can recommend it. Like always with Paradox titles I can't help to feel ripped off though, when I see DLCs adding content, which clearly should have been included in the base game."
76561198078704472,Recommended,394360,29510897,Posted: 26 January,all,Koreanjim,"Such a Good game, with good replayability. Get this WW2 simulator Today and become Unitary Canada!"
,Recommended,394360,25631618,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Rasmus,">Play as commie china>Japan invades other china>Backstab other china>Me and Japan wins war>Japan instantly installs puppet on other china>""f*ck i dident get sh*t"">Plan my revenge>Join commentern and get help from russia to retake my land from the Japs>Japan joins axis>Second World war starts>Reclaim all of my claimed land>Invades tibet for good measure>Axis losing hardcore in europe>Germany and Italy falls>Only Japan left standing>Think Russia will naval invade and end the war> i start plotting a way to backstab russia to conquer of commintern after the war is done>Russia never invades japan cause ♥♥♥♥♥♥ A.I.>Im on my own>I start sending a naval mission out and then follow up with my whole army>Fail horribly>""There's got to be a way in"">I start sending out naval invasions one by one with ten troops in them to every mayor city in Japan>After 3 long years i finally do it>Oh yis>Peace treaty screen>Use all of my points to take a third of China>Thinking i'd be able to take the rest next two turns>And then it ♥♥♥♥ing happens>France and USA swoops in and takes all of China away from me>Russia installs puppet on Japan>England takes the islands around Japan>My turn, nothing to take in asia expect Cambodia>Take cambodia, time for pol pot to redeem himself>still have tons of points remaining i go on to look where i could use them>Look to Europe>That's when i realized that>nobody had taken a SINGLE peice of land in Europe0/10 would use 20 hours to get ♥♥♥♥ed over by this stupid A.I. system again, Why would USSR rather take land and puppet in Asia than install puppets in Europe? Why is CHINA more importent than WHOLE OF EUROPE ALL OF A SUDDENFix this sh*t please"
76561198133584522,Recommended,394360,27817740,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kazakstan,God! This game is great! I am playing it so got damn much!  I am totally reccomending it!
76561198174124849,Recommended,394360,32421565,Posted: 14 June,all,39th Gamer,"Game is fun and fantastic. Don't buy the DLCs Paradox puts out for this game, just mod the game as it is the one thing that keeps you interested anyways."
76561198345006701,Recommended,394360,32307927,Posted: 9 June,all,[TBK] Whointheworldcares,"I enjoy the game and have little problems with the bugs and while hwoever I do slightly dislike Paradox'[s DLC practices, that isn't something that should be included in a review of the base game."
,Recommended,394360,30928197,Posted: 3 April,all,fatto catto,>play as Canada>mass my army>say f**k you to the USA>they get butthurt> declare war on the USA>take NYC by 1937>shrekt.jpg>Seattle and Washington fall to the glorious mounties>Rushes LA>takes LA>usa surrenders>become fascist>join axis>yell at england> decide to fight england>ask germany for help>rekt.jpg>england falls to glorious canadian legions>war of independence done right.11/10 would kill freedom again
76561198148273072,Recommended,394360,23758282,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Crocodillo,Hearts of Iron Four is one of those games that you can't stop playing because the possibilities of what you do are endless.
,Recommended,394360,32066977,Posted: 30 May,all,notseeko,When the Führer blesses you with his huge throbbing meat stick
,Recommended,394360,32102662,Posted: 1 June,all,RJSWalker,1488
,Recommended,394360,31960512,Posted: 25 May,all,Pseudonymous_Colby,"I won't be the first to admit that there are problems with the game, including an AI that doesn't feel as fleshed out among other things, but I will also praise the game.Hearts of Iron IV is a good game, despite having its own setbacks. I do thoroughly enjoy the time that I put into it, although I would most certainly appreciate a few updates that fix the AI a bit more and add some more depth to the game, hopefully without a ridiculous amount of DLC, a path that Europa Universalis IV took.In short, would I recommend? Yes. But wait until it goes on sale, and if you're looking for more focus trees just download a mod or something."
,Recommended,394360,30351014,Posted: 5 March,all,Old Fritz,"This game is a lot of fun for people who loves strategy games. This game is fun for hours however there are many pros and cons. I cover them belowPros:Looks goodruns smoothlybrings textbook diagrams to lifeit's just so satisfying to draw offensive lines and watch as your men push into the enemy territoryGoing to war with the soviet union is fun because you get to watch your manpower drop like the stock market in 2008cons:The ai can be a little broken. For example, Italy is completely useless and only makes life more difficult, and on occasion I have raged quit because sometimes when France capitulates Italy gets control of a vast majority of the land when they do nothing which means no military factories for you. On top of that Italy doesnt know how to protect their own land. Remember the naval invasion of Italy in 1941? I sure don't, but Italy is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and just lets them take the entire peninsula and you have to come in to bail them out.Naval invasions are still a little wonky and they don't always work correctlyBritain will constantly try for naval invasions, it is quiet annoyingSubmarines are useless in this game because if you send them out to destroy convoys the enemy fleets have at times taken out 30 submarines.I'm a little on the edge of recommending this game because at times it is frustrating, but when it works it is very fun."
76561198007234555,Recommended,394360,29572399,Posted: 29 January,all,DGA_Sauron,"Hearts of Iron IV is a tough strategy game to get into, the first time you will start this game up you will be overwhelmed by the amount of options and menus. But if you pull trough the game will pay off 100%. After having played over 200 hours atm I can tell this is the best WWII strategy game that I have ever played. Being a Total war veteran I thought I would steamroll the French and Russians as the German Reich.....how wrong I could be. After being totally beaten the first few times I started the get the hang of all the options, supply, templates, airpower, naval invasions and general production. The game starts being more enjoyable once you get better at it and once you have blitzed all the european nations you truly feel like a Rommel or Zhukov.Things HOI IV does right:  Combat system, Map graphics, Tech trees, Multiplayer/Co-op, Historical mode and overall feel of the game.Things HOI IV can do better: More political options(peace offers), the AI can be kinda irrating(pointless naval invasions) and a more balanced warscore system(less points for bombing and more for general combat).Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198076335360,Recommended,394360,31995333,Posted: 27 May,all,Thunder Fuhrer,"I had a game where the war ended in 1943 and Czechoslovakia annexed Germany and most of Italy.10/10Seriously, besides some AI issues that seriously need to be fixed, a great game for living out your wildest WW2 fantasies (Luxembourg world conquest, anyone?)"
76561198135726424,Recommended,394360,31926078,Posted: 23 May,all,Wórms Wolfe,"Want to take your country and send it into the big bad world to rule it all, or to just get shot down by britain's overpowered navy, germany's army and the soviet's stupid land mass? This is the game for you!"
,Recommended,394360,28647590,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Comrade Lenny,"After some hours I can say the pros and cons of this game:PROS:-Choice matters(You can change the history of WW2)-(some people don't like it but i do)Micromanaging you're Army,Industry and Goverment.-Slow but satisfying battles and operations.-Fun experience when you get into a war.-Tons of mods on the workshop with usefull things like: SEEING THE BATTLE PLANS IN BETTER COLOUR(beacause Orange is Brown and Pink is Red in the vanilla).-With a mod i was able to split Great Britain into Wales,Scotland and England and I(with Wales) conquered the Baltics,Scandinavia,Germany,The Benelux Region,Poland and France in a fun experience :D(also sweden had 7 aircraft carriers in 1941...FIX YOU'RE GAME PARADOX!).CONS:-A bit laggy.-It's a ""PARADOX GAME"".-Slow and boring at the beggining.-You can get achievements if you play on Ironman mode(can not save ,only autosaves).-""Improved AI"".-Some achievements requier DLC.(EDIT) Also I forgot, not that many people on multiplayerSo this was my review on Hearts of Iron IV...If I missed something please say in the comments!Also If I wrote some words wrong, please forgive me, english is not my first language."
,Recommended,394360,32108464,Posted: 1 June,all,sl8hamr,WARNING!!!Do not buy this game if you have family to feed or life to liveCuz' after you buy it there's no coming back
,Recommended,394360,31948226,Posted: 25 May,all,Tomcos,prit good
76561198118210382,Recommended,394360,30512889,Posted: 14 March,all,Nike Willy,"Singleplayer:                                        Driving a single truck into Moscow+ good war mechanics+ easier to learn than other paradox's games+ you can make Poland stronk+++ mods- AI is terrible- short- you can conquer whole world in few hours.- national focuses are boring- minor nations aren't detailed enoughMultiplayer:                                              I have no friends to play with- Well that sucks...Score 8.5/10  ""It's finger lickin good"""
76561198057502177,Recommended,394360,31904490,Posted: 22 May,all,Snorblaggan,♥♥♥♥ing great
,Recommended,394360,24482239,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,grimy765,spent hours playing and enjoyed it the entire time
76561198161274498,Recommended,394360,26755268,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jerrickgonzalez,"Heeey,That's pretty good"
,Recommended,394360,26752935,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lovely Jubbly,Future Victoria II for dummies.
76561198120737459,Recommended,394360,29107955,Posted: 7 January,all,psp583,GOod GaMe
76561198280215467,Recommended,394360,29459163,Posted: 24 January,all,CN-898965861,"之前玩盗版，现在来买正版补钱，就是能不能让中国有自己的焦点,就算做成DLC也没事（中国包括共产党）"
76561198246104592,Recommended,394360,31176936,Posted: 16 April,all,Xent,Awesome game! I defintely recommend it!
,Recommended,394360,27273711,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark Jakkaru,If you're into a WW2 themed state craft simulator this is the best modern choice that plays well and has enough sand box elements to change the course of history.
76561198065052460,Recommended,394360,28925362,Posted: 1 January,all,arkanoob,"Why you should consider getting HoI IV despite all the negativity (assuming you read them) :This may sound a bit boring, but bear with me. HoI IV is essentially a grand resource management game in a WWII theme.If you think about it - strategy games are mostly about resource management. RTS games in comparison have more to do with tactics and a spoonful of twitch. In an RTS an unchallenging AI means you can only play multiplayer, because the opponent must constantly surprise you. In a high-level strategy a lacking opponent can be tolerable, as long as the game as a whole requires thinking to achieve your goals.As such it does a very good job - great replay value as each state can play in so many ways, simplifies the nitpick aspects which in previous games overwhelmed, has a varying pace from casual to hectic, and is pretty (yes, aesthetics have value unless you're a monk).As of writing this review I only clocked some 30 hours, but I have played HoI I-III in the past so I'm familiar with the series although quite rusty. HoI IV can get quite interesting even before you go into battle. You always make sacrifices, and then when you go into war you have to deal with them.Once war begins, plans start failing.Now deal with that.And with your self-strangling war economy.Like many others familiar with the HoI series I expected HoI IV to be premature and thought I'll wait for about a year till some expansions are added and buy it as a bundle. Then I watched a few Lets Play campaigns, tens of hours of Lets Play, and figured it's worth a try. Bought it vanilla.After all those hours of Lets Plays, I still struggled with my first two campaigns on Regular difficulty and had to resort to an Easy campaign.I expect to spend quite a few hours before I start feeling the AI incompetence, but I can already tell I'll enjoy the game even then. When time comes, I'll buy the expansions.Surely HoI IV isn't for everyone.It's more simplistic than HoI II, but works at a higher level than Company of Heroes.If you want an accurate and historical WWII experience with a killer opponent who's gonna do their best to annihilate you - get a time machine.But if you want to command your nation's armed forces across the globe to achieve whichever goals you desire - HoI IV might very well be what you're looking for."
,Recommended,394360,28926898,Posted: 1 January,all,Rycanthan,"Great game with a good base, but seems too shallow even for my first HOI games."
76561198067914582,Recommended,394360,27714594,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rathama,i have always loved games like this im a strat·e·gy kind of guy i also love history and i love that the country you choose can change history in a huge way amazing game
,Recommended,394360,29173390,Posted: 10 January,all,Temicmio,where do I begin...
,Recommended,394360,24171837,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BassMasterson,The French don't immediately surrender when you invade.0/10 not historically accurate
76561198152825176,Recommended,394360,31123446,Posted: 13 April,all,Logan W,This game is so amazing I play it everyday
76561198007393646,Recommended,394360,23467285,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Lambert,10/10 would anschluss Austria again.
,Recommended,394360,28507756,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Skiddy,smells coming from my pants
76561198054007769,Recommended,394360,23433423,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Le Derp,"Nanjing and Banzai. However to be realistic in regards to the review, Hearts of Iron IV has provided a great successor to its previous game Hearts of Iron III. Even though a chunk of complex components from Hoi3 have been removed in Hoi IV. Paradox managed to keep the basic concepts for Hoi III. Overall micro management is still possible in Hoi IV like Hoi3 the game may have some bugs on its release but surely paradox will provide the patches and updates in the long run to make the game greater."
,Recommended,394360,26872635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Little Baby Man,"pretty fun game, hard to learn at first but gets pretty fun after that.best thing to do is as america, build the wall."
,Recommended,394360,27419550,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thr33s,This developers put you in this game and slaps you around until you learn from your mistakes everytime you play a different country.replayability 9/10would recommend.
,Recommended,394360,27637968,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tait,Amazing game easy to pick up and very realistic. Highly recommended.
76561198110911554,Recommended,394360,24503159,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Toffen00,soooooo good
76561198323777220,Recommended,394360,25296339,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,toontownrewrittenkirby,"Hearts of Iron 4 (hoi4) is a fun game with alternate history. I love that you can be a democratic Germany, Japan, and Italt or a facist Russia, USA, or France, or even be a communist Turkey, Britain, or Iran. Of course there are many more countries with so many posibilites. I did a democratic Germany game and I got all the land that Nazi Germany demanded (Austria, Danzig, Slovenia etc) via a unique focus tree. Same with Japan and Italy. The alternate history makes this game replayable for hundreads of days until HOI5. Buy it if you are into WW2"
,Recommended,394360,24585698,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,exTerEX,"So, after about 400 hours in game, 2 months after the game release I belive it is time to review this game. I love this game, played EU4, CS:Skylines, and many other paradox games. I haven't played any HoI game before, but I love how this game work. Not too many problems, except some lag in the end game after 1945. The AI need to be reworkes tho. The AI can do most thing good after the last patch, but they can still not defend themself or judge what decisions is good at what time. I don't like playing Italy, while at war with sovjet, and the allied because of Germany, and I still need to defend them from naval invasions. Also on the allied side I belive the AI need to learn that US should land-lease more weapons and stuff, in the same way they did in WW2. The doctrines should also be reworked, because SF and Mobile warfare is far better then mass mobilisation. How the AI control the skies also need to be reworked, because I don't understand why there should be 13 000 fighters over malta, while I have air superiority over London. But futhermore I think this game is the best game of this type."
,Recommended,394360,27006585,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AgeCo,This is a fantastic game. You can even play as literally Hitler and Broseph Ballin.
76561198008075278,Recommended,394360,28357430,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Darth Walrus,"A great war strategy - not so good empire builing one.Many people who do not recommend this game claim that its not a standard paradox title - you cannot take the smallest naton and lead it to world domination. I on the other hand, think that this is a good thing - HOI represents only 20 years or so in human history, and attempts to deliver - ""what if"" scenrios for WW2 - not a completely alternate history with different competing powers. The same then goes to ""simple"" economy - as again this is to represent WW2, and thus mainly combat (which is nice and in depth).I also should mention the abbysimal AI, although they are still working on tweaking in, and will hopefully succeed at some point.In the end it depends if you want to fight a long winded war, or if you want to carve an empire out of an insignificant state - for the former, I cannot but recoomend hoi4, for the latter go for eu4."
76561198306521653,Recommended,394360,32245927,Posted: 7 June,all,afahmimn,Enjoy this game
76561198098566300,Recommended,394360,32607434,Posted: 20 June,all,Whoop89,it pretty ok
,Not Recommended,394360,32644129,Posted: 22 June,all,200 IQ Shaun,"This game is fun and exciting to explore, if you're a casual player who only plays single player. Devs know this and they do every change towards a better single player experience.However, if you plan to get competitive, spend hours in multiplayer lobbies, read 4 page long rulesets and play with good players, who know every bit of game mechanic, min max like sweaty nerds, it's very likely that you're gonna have a bad time, at least for the first 500-600 hours of your playtime. There is no general consensus on how multiplayer should be played since the game is designed for singleplayer, so servers and modders try to design their own multiplayer mods in order to make it more playable. Is it completely balanced and unbiased? It's hard to say, and probably not. And you can't blame modders either since it's an extremely hard task and they don't have access to the entire codebase.In conclusion:Singleplayer:Fun but when you get good at the game, it gets too easy and lacks excitement after a while.Multiplayer:Slowly dying because devs don't care. A handful of people are trying to keep it going."
,Recommended,394360,32778114,Posted: 25 June,all,ButtFace McGee623,"I would like to first say this review is about the game and game alone. Paradox and their evil DLC empire do not affect my view of the game as a whole.With that out of the way, I love this game. It's fantastic. Easily one of the best, and my favorite strategy game. Very complex, but if you can get a couple friends (who know how to play) to take over the world with you, one of the best experiences you'll ever have. Like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ without ruining your favorite shirt.And yes, I know people hate that the DLC's basically just add new focus trees and tech sharing, mods can do the same thing. Road to 56 my friends. Best mod a growing boy could have.If you want a fun game, and are willing to settle with (fantastic) mods, or are willing to sink in a little more for the DLC's, I would absolutely reccomend."
76561198007423523,Not Recommended,394360,32506058,Posted: 17 June,all,Honeycone,"The AI is actually ridiculously stupid. And the different difficulty modes only make your own production etc worse, doesn't actaually make the AI smarter.For example, I saw a single unit of infantry at 25% strength attack an enemy tank division without any anti-tank equipment. The infantry lost. Who could have predicted? Having a ""perfect"" AI that never engages a fight it will lose is bad, but c'mon. There must be some sort of way to let the AI know that the odds of winning are so low it just shouldn't engage.I only started playing this game and I'm already annoyed by it, I can only imagine it getting much worse / borderline unplayable when you get more experienced with the game.Oh, now I'm watching how two different AI armies have their units just standing completely still. One faction has an army tanks and the other has 3 infantry units. The tank army has literally just been standing next to unguarded terrority for more than a week."
76561198113634313,Recommended,394360,32755930,Posted: 24 June,all,Jesters Left Arm,"I LOVE THIS GAME  like 9.999999999999/10 but recentaly my game began to crash upon loading the game, cant even click start a game and is stuck on desktop, i deleted ALL mods turned of dlcs and uninstalled and reinstalled the game but it still crashes"
76561198013136942,Not Recommended,394360,29976935,Posted: 16 February,all,jofontaineQC,"If you are a fan of Hearts of Iron this game will disapoint you, it got striped to the bare minimum, dumed down beyond possible. I have 1000 hours on Hearts of Iron 3 and its my favorites war game, with the Black Ice mod it becomes icredibly rich and complex. HOI IV went the other way around trying to appeal to more casual player, they made it so simple that people like me who actually like complex game are left with a bare bone wishing for more."
,Recommended,394360,32901464,Posted: 27 June,all,Adolf-Senpai,fun game
,Recommended,394360,30697759,Posted: 23 March,all,Domerator,"I wish there was a way to mark yourself as being neutral on steam because of games like this.Issues with DLC aside, I find this to be an entertaining game. Out of all of Paradox's games on market right now, with the exception of Stellaris, this game has the most potential. Unfortuantely, as of now, this game isn't quite living up to that potential, between overpriced and weak DLC, a lack of dynamic internal politics, a weak statistics system, and a perhaps oversimplified rank and logistics system. While the game is entertaining, the lack of peace and diplomatic options severely hampers this game's ability to make it to the top of my list.Hearts of Iron 4 is in dramatic need of certain things that were found in prior Hearts of Iron games. For example, heavy casualties do not lead to internal instability (for example, in Darkest Hour, it was possible for major government changes in the wake of devestating wars). In one game, America lost eight million men. Not only was Roosevelt still going strong, but America was not negotiating for terms. Considering that the Japanese war plan was to force America into a treaty by inflicting heavy casualties (which probably would have worked if the reverse hadn't happened), this is a major oversight. I wanted to force America into giving up the Pacific, and was severely disappointed to find that total capitulation is as yet the only option.While this was true in prior Hoi games as well, the truth of the matter is that Hoi4 is not a mere simulation of the war at this point. Hearts of Iron 4, having expanded its boundaries, has become more like Europa Universalis IV where, as opposed to having specific events playing out the same way every time, things are meant to be a bit more dynamic. The lack of peace and diplomatic options severely stymie this, which is a shame, because Paradox directly said that they were going to make it more dynamic. The issue here, fundamentally, is that Hoi4 is schizofrenic. On the one hand, Paradox is trying to make it like a traditional World War II grand strategy game like the previous HOI games, but on the other, they're trying to make it more dynamic, and rather than picking one and sticking with it, they're trying to find a middle ground, which gives us illogical, and frankly annoying systems like the aforementioned capitulation system, which forces me to march the Imperial Japanese Army across Eurasia into Britain simply for a few Pacific colonies.Given the focus on dynamic alternate history, I would wish that Paradox would make wargoals more defined and diplomacy more refined.I look forward to seeing how this game progresses, but I'm ambivalent on recommending this game."
,Recommended,394360,28571946,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,s1kNeSs,This game is pretty good on its own and the mods take it to whole new level. Its pretty fun to influence other countries or your own into a political situation that would never be possible in the real world. Uniting Europe under one empire is pretty fun and after a certain point it because easy to take over the whole world. Definitely worth the time to invest into a game you can experiment a lot of scenarios in.
,Recommended,394360,29956335,Posted: 15 February,all,Winfield IV ☧America☦,"Hearts of Iron IVSimply put one of the best strategy games I have ever played. I have played HoI2 to HoI3 and now to HoI4, the 2 previous games were a bit difficult and had a steep learning curve. Though once you learned how to play those games you were good to go and would have hundreds of hours of enjoyment.Hearts of Iron 4, is easier to learn than the previous games in the series and once you start the game you are just about ready to go in and have a whole lot of fun with it's easier UI compared to 3ProsDifferent nations to play asMultiple national focuses for many unique nations from around the worldWorkshopreplayabilityMultiplayerConsAI gets a bit dumb sometimes by not moving any of it's infantry around.AI does national focuses at times it shouldn'tAI doesn't care about the recruitable populationSometimes multiplayer is a bit funky (Do not ever do Hotjoin it messes with the game)"
76561198097478427,Recommended,394360,28578433,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Haggs3,"The AI does not alwayd make the best decisions, however it seems that some of those problems have been fixed. Overall, I rate this as a great game, it is a game where 5 more minutes turns into hours of fun."
76561198017961522,Recommended,394360,23449576,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ulas,This game is like good old HOI2 with better gameplay and visuals.10/10
76561198008360934,Not Recommended,394360,32926546,Posted: 28 June,all,imill166,Have been a fan of the Hearts of Iron series but this is the worst one yet. AI performance is so poor its laughable. Rather than fix the problems that have existed since it was released Paradox instead focus on releasing DLC that adds little or nothing to the game. Would avoid this game until they fix the AI which is truly hopeless.
76561198032515759,Recommended,394360,32979655,Posted: 29 June,all,bzavitsky,"If you like Paradox strategy games + a focus on combat this game is for you.Pros:-WWII theme-play any country on the map-Lots of customization options-Lots of micromanaging-tons of air, land, and sea battles to fight-a ""historical"" mode as well as a ""randomize"" mode for gameplay varietyCons:-Lots of micromanaging-AI is fairly linear-only a select group of countries have a unique ""State Focus"" tree (sort of a framework for your country's political and military development)-very time intensiveOverall, i would recommend this game. Most of the negative reviews are in respect to the pricing of the DLC and the feeling some of the DLC content should have been included in the base game. I'll let the reader make up his or her own mind on that point."
,Recommended,394360,24236081,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ThomasTheDankEngine,"Despite issues with the ai, clunky battle plans, and very few unique focus trees I give this game a solid 8/10. The replay value is absolutely amazing, and with future patches I believe that this could be one of the better paradox games!"
76561198008662288,Recommended,394360,26935685,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HeadCase,The best simulation of WWII on a strategic scale. Can't get enough of this series.
76561198005612399,Recommended,394360,32982570,Posted: 29 June,all,TDogFresh,Love the game.
76561198310817122,Recommended,394360,32990125,Posted: 29 June,all,MightyZhongguo,is gud
76561198056698704,Recommended,394360,31776213,Posted: 15 May,all,Dobziii,Ever wanted to take control of some random shitcountry during ww2 and take over the world? Maybe you wanted to see a world ruled by the Third Reich? Or maybe you just wantet everyone to just become commies and chillout? Well now you can! :-)
76561198312173532,Recommended,394360,27596047,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dale the eagle,"Very good game. However, AI seems to be designed unbalanced."
,Recommended,394360,26774277,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SiegfriedNein,nice
,Recommended,394360,33181995,Posted: 3 July,all,Captain Obvious,"Such a fun game, I keep seem to keep my hands off it. Once I get on the game, I can't get off!! Highly recommended and with mods the little annoying areas can be sorted!"
76561198070681456,Recommended,394360,24411143,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Fegeleins_Antics,"A few bugs and bad ai decisions here and there, but other than that, it's literally one of the best rts games I've ever played, and that's saying a lot. 10/10"
,Recommended,394360,30473449,Posted: 12 March,all,Soviet K Dog PAPA STALIN,really good game can't wait for the more dlc to come
,Recommended,394360,30289273,Posted: 2 March,all,rub my feet,i destroyed world as luxemburg
76561197970459072,Recommended,394360,33129021,Posted: 2 July,all,Christianholmes,"Not about cardiac robot surgery, but still really good."
,Recommended,394360,26786475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dimosa,"I've played this game for a few hours now, and i think its quite good."
,Recommended,394360,30167340,Posted: 25 February,all,JAGER,i highly reccomend this game the money you gave is totaly worth it it takes sometime to understand game however when you do understad the basics of the game you can t live withoout playing this game the people who play this game also great they are really helpfull to you not like in cs go and also paradox  is also very interested in your problems i think if you have money to buy this game i suggest you to buy it without hassitation if you do contact me we can play together :)
76561197982174832,Recommended,394360,23538931,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Nautshell,"Fun, for which junkies"
76561198006632882,Recommended,394360,23537351,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Mall of America,"I've never played a HOI game before, but I'm beyond glad I took the plunge. I'm 30 hours in but I can see myself playing this game for 1000+ in the next several years. A true gem of a strategy game. A bit of a learning curve but not terrible. Watch just one or two YouTube videos of someone playing, play the tutorial, and you should be fine. I had 0 experience with the series coming in. The smaller details you'll pick up as you play and be able to read about on the reasonably good wiki."
76561198139027446,Recommended,394360,33671308,Posted: 20 July,all,Tony,You learn more geography and history than in school and it's not too complicated either
,Recommended,394360,33706095,Posted: 21 July,all,Steven Seagal,"Ok, so HOI4 is a good game, but its pretty hard to recommend in its current state. I mean the AI is 'special' in many ways and even in veteran it's medicore; since I'm pretty sure the Difficulty doesn't change AI difficulty. And the DLC is pretty eh, I mean Together for Victory was actually good, with a decent amount of Nations getting focus trees and the addition of Lendleases which are pretty lit. Death of Dishonour was pretty eh, seeing that only 4 nations got Focus trees even though they could've given Greece, Albania ;}, and Bulgaria but of course they're going to only give Czechoslovakia, Romania, Yugoslavia, and Hungary focus trees. But minus the AI being ''special'' ;], the second DLC not being worth it, the game is actually pretty enjoyable and easy to get hang off with the tutorial being decent (although by now its outdated by 3 major updates and 2 DLC's). And the Multiplayer is a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥show connection wise (in my experience), and when the host quits after being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by another player, theres no change of host and save-game, which means that the game immediatley ends and you have to start a new game. Also the ♥♥♥♥ who do the 500+ hours games on TS with 40 rules are gay, since they think that isolating new players from the multiplayer experience is a good idea.So yeah. I'd recommend it to anyone interested in WWII history and strat games."
,Not Recommended,394360,33036283,Posted: 30 June,all,Dr. Zaius,ok
,Not Recommended,394360,33054830,Posted: 30 June,all,Jimin is not here,"The AI is ATTROCIOUS; both your allies' and enemy's AI and the AI that takes over whenever you set broad battle plans.  Makes the game a slog to play, kind of like herding cats.  Also, I have a problem with the depth of this game (there isn't much).  As someone who put alot of time into HoI 3, this game feels very bare to me.  Just pick up HoI 3 instead, worse graphics but a much better and cheaper game."
,Recommended,394360,33741895,Posted: 23 July,all,dambuk1,"Good game to play with mods(Kaiserreich especially). Vanilla HOI isn't really much fun though.It's still worth buying JUST for Kaiserreich, if that mod ever becomes standalone or something, consider this review irrelevant."
76561198294470676,Recommended,394360,30292136,Posted: 3 March,all,Bill Nye the Nazi Spy,Your former Commander-In-Cheif approves this game10/10
76561197996290013,Recommended,394360,23555770,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Lysam,Never has a paradox user interface been better.
76561198079912032,Recommended,394360,30304281,Posted: 3 March,all,Dankmaster,">""Playing Mp Game as Germany"">""immediately justify against poland"">""poland joins communist faction"">""France joins communist faction"">""Don't give a Sh*t and declare anyway"">""MFW i Capitulate poland, france, and soviet union"">""1937, germany owns half of the world"">""half of mp game leaves and the other half forms a coalition against me""Game is pretty alright. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,394360,33254968,Posted: 4 July,all,Zig,"I love HoI4 and all the Paradox grand strategy games, but I can't honestly recommend these games while Paradox maintains its current DLC policy."
,Recommended,394360,26839252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bracale,Make germany great again!
,Recommended,394360,33711168,Posted: 21 July,all,Frederick,very nice : )
,Not Recommended,394360,28999149,Posted: 3 January,all,Kaga Misaki,"I'm very very sorry Paradox, I really not recommend this game especially the Together for Victory DLC, it's way too overprice and only introducing minor AI fix and small in gameplay eventhough they offer new challenges and new national focus for the commonwealth (and autonomy too). Not only that, getting every single achievement in this game is way too harsh until I decide to quit when I try to getting some achievement and MUST play in Regular or Higher difficult also the modify difficult just...useless ! I don't mind if I play with Ironman on and Historical Mode can be on/off, but without let us getting the achievement easier with rookie difficult and modify difficult on, this game is just killing me slowly and painful....Until Paradox realise this as soon as possible plus make it easier to us to getting the achievement and still enjoyable to play, I totally not recommend this even Advance Wars trilogy and World Conqueror 2 are the best at all aspect....Thanks Paradox ! Now do it or I'll leave...."
76561198304991471,Recommended,394360,33840643,Posted: 27 July,all,KingM0725,This game is great fun! When multiplayer works its a great experience. Although multiplayer can be a pain. Overall a fun game great with mods!
,Not Recommended,394360,31782116,Posted: 15 May,all,Frowny/Raiha,"To get to the point: only get this on sale. The game isn't bad, but has numerous issues that it is a beta at best.That out of the way, the biggest issues this game has are AI and paid patches. The AI can be absolutely braindead sometimes (ie. moving units off a war front to begin another push, causing a collapse).The paid patches is what killed this game for me. Instead of proper Expansions, they add new focus trees (which mods can easily do) and justify the cost with additions that should have been in from the start or patched in for free (like most good devs do when they support their game post-launch). I know they need to make money to push more content out, but making us pay for patches is NOT how you do it."
,Recommended,394360,32952269,Posted: 28 June,all,bdogz1,"Hard at first, but it doesn't take a whole lot to learn how this game works."
76561198310580048,Recommended,394360,33952493,Posted: 1 August,all,USSR,Love it. Even thought the ai sucks.
76561198063195960,Not Recommended,394360,30484161,Posted: 12 March,all,Anthony,"It's a great simulation of industrial lines, being super anal about division composition, and supply (to an extent)....but then the Paradox curse strikes again.A particular highlight I recently experienced is just how genuinely pathetic naval combat is in this game. Submarines set to Convoy Raiding will happily get into naval combat with enemy capital ships even when set to avoiding battle, and when I sent a fleet to Midway to stop a Japanese landing there, I found out that enemy warships are completely incapable of getting involved in naval landings; Unless it's one friendly to the nation landing, in which case they will provide shore bombardment, they just don't do anything at all. My US fleet just sat idly by as the Japanese kept on landing troops, and eventually overran the garrison.The game, as it always has, suffers from incredible AI shortcomings that range from utterly nonsensical decisions that makes the game incredibly unchallenging as it turns into exploiting AI ♥♥♥♥ups rather than solid planning, to bizarre ideas like it apparently being impossible to supply a beachhead without taking a port (""D-Day not real!"" I guess?), etc.The game usually lasts about 2-3 years before the AI has so utterly ♥♥♥♥ed everything up with their worthless strategy that it's just turned into Bizzaro-world, for better or worse in regards to how it affects the player's nation, but *always* for the worse as far as player enjoyment goes.TLDR: This is a genuinely awful, badly working, unfinished game. All of the above mentioned plagues occurr even when running the game in its latest build, 1.3.3."
76561198307512561,Recommended,394360,23427860,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,boatymcboatface,very fun for me ateast. end game does tend to lag rn
,Recommended,394360,23430197,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Statler,"The games been out a day and after a little less than ten hours of play I can say this is a beautiful successor to HoI III. It's much more accessable to new players and has a much more sandbox feel. The AI needs some serious work on their priorities, I shouldn't be able to hold Berlin with three division when Germany controls all of mainland Europe. For me, on a not too bad computer, the game slowed down terribly by 1941 and was barely moving in 1945. Overall I'd call it a success though!"
76561198008035775,Recommended,394360,23427383,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,g_shaw30,Simply awesome
,Recommended,394360,23427682,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Rex,Game came out like 8 hours ago.I've been playing for 5 as of writing this and that was because I was at school.Do your own conclusions.
,Recommended,394360,34445017,Posted: 23 August,all,TheMedSajntist,I am beyond satisfied with HOI4. It is by far my favourite game and I am really happy you made it. Thank you very much. 11/10.
76561198055523609,Recommended,394360,34481941,Posted: 25 August,all,The Child,Fun for the whole family.
76561198220301631,Recommended,394360,34497716,Posted: 25 August,all,Gembouzzo,Its a masterpiece of a rts game would recomend any one who is into paradox games but very hard to learn but after 20 ish hours you will play well as any major country.
,Recommended,394360,33839316,Posted: 27 July,all,Eyyy Haaa,Make America Great Again!..
76561198408542201,Recommended,394360,34116185,Posted: 8 August,all,rybreadiscool88,pretty cool but i wish there were better tutorials for the air and naval doctrines
76561198120929779,Recommended,394360,34256468,Posted: 15 August,all,FIRE,Really fun strategy game. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys war games or strategy. It also has a huge community of mod creators so the game is always refreshing and being improved.
,Recommended,394360,31382011,Posted: 26 April,all,Zwozy,"Forced into buying this game by my friend; it was the best thing that has happened this year! Absolutly love this game, I'm not strategic game player normally but this game is amazing, the modding capabilities and the vanilla game is amazing. I have very few criticisms.Pros:- Easy Interface with clear icons.- Historically accurate (if you want it to be)- You're not just managing an army (what I thought it was)- Modding capability is AMAZING (starting to create my own mod)- Countries ""strength"" is realistic.This is just naming a fewCons:- Not many focus trees for smaller nations- Very few choices on responses- Focus trees don't change with changes to the pollitical allignment (not that I've seen anyway)Bare in mind these are only really nit-picks so nothing major.All-in-all this game is amazing and I think it's worth the price - even though I got it on sale. Its a fully developped game with very few bugs."
76561198065431269,Recommended,394360,34076958,Posted: 7 August,all,Queen Maria,"Do you want a fun historical experience? Buy this game.Do you want a nice fluid combat system with a logistics and planning system, that even a new user can adapt too quickly? Buy this game.Do you like strategy? Buy this game.Do you like alternate history? Buy this game.Hearts of Iron IV is a fun yet simple strategy game, a new thing when it comes to Paradox Games in my opinion. Though it may seem slow paced and dull to some, others can really enjoy this game endlessly, like myself. It's hit or miss, but worth a try,"
76561198019619991,Not Recommended,394360,23467347,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Balian97,"Frankly, until paradox manages to fix the performance in their games, i cannot recomend any of them, i had hopes that hoi4 would be the one to include a new engine, capable of taking advantage of newer computer technologies, taking advantage of multiple cores in cpu's for example, but no, theyve been lazy and if any other games company did this, having very good performance early game (60fps) but crappyperformance at 12-20 fps late game their game simply wouldnt sell. btw im playing this on a i5 4790k and a gtx 970 so its not the hardware that is at fault."
,Recommended,394360,30846518,Posted: 30 March,all,Necksus,"I don't know why it's so much fun to depose FDR with a variety of ideologies, then watch as the ""New American Empire"" or the ""Communist States of America"" invades Chile..."
76561198126817021,Not Recommended,394360,32560920,Posted: 19 June,all,Trick,dlc
76561198169998314,Recommended,394360,33996155,Posted: 3 August,all,GDPYT,10/10 would draw arrows again.
76561198357707056,Recommended,394360,33996138,Posted: 3 August,all,PizzaHunterSteve,Its a good game
,Recommended,394360,31210191,Posted: 17 April,all,Ladaa,15 hours in.  I don't know what I'm doing.  I can't stop playing
,Recommended,394360,28876201,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CadetSharman,"Whew... Where to start with this game.Hearts of Iron IV.What can I say? I love this game? That's too short.Ok. Let's start from the top, I guess.First of all, the vanilla game itself. It's excellent.The equipment is all realistic. The game really goes out of it's way to go through the major nations tech trees. It really does go through all of the real tanks, planes and ships of the war. Even if some of these (Like the Maus, or the Horten Ho229) only made it to prototype or are ""Paper"" weapons. Admittedly the AI is dumb, though. They leave huge gaps in their defences. They make stupid and useless advances where they lose nearly all of their army, and make really bad political decisions.Then, of course, is the DLC. Some packs, like Poland: United and Ready or Together for Victory give new tech trees and features, whilst others give models to things such as tanks and ships. Then there's the obligatory Sabaton soundtrack. Admittedly, it only has a few songs, but I'm guessing they couldn't get the licensing deal for every song that Sabaton did on world war two.And last of all, the mods. There's so many of them I can't explain them all. Some just change the skins of models, whilst others completely re-do the game, like going into a scenario from 1914 or from if the Central Powers won WW1.So my final opinion of this game is: Buy it. Yes, it's expensive, but trust me, getting the field marshal edition is definately worth it. Trust me on that."
,Recommended,394360,33733021,Posted: 22 July,all,Wrathsong,Great game! I recommend it to all my friends.
,Recommended,394360,33478726,Posted: 12 July,all,Blue Prussian,Enjoyed what I've played so far.
76561198075177475,Recommended,394360,33718740,Posted: 22 July,all,Vnshaya,wanna Chinese focusand wanna Chinese official languagethank u very much!
,Not Recommended,394360,28472381,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Wasted White Boy,"Pros-easy to play-has potential-great ui-some new great gameplay ideas-replayability (until bugs drain your life)-makes you feel like its 1942Cons-stupid ai-same portraits over and over again-minor bugs which mostly ruin the game(i.e my naval base was 350ish level due to enemy bombartment and its combat exp)-battle plans dont make sense rather than combat bonuses-unfinished game due to dlc policy-the only significant benefit of air superiority is nuke somewhere-naval bombers are op-division templates need some improvementsOverall, the game is fine but i do not recommend this game until paradox finishes its own art. Of course with good dlc prices (at least i hope so)"
,Not Recommended,394360,25352548,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,rYgel,"I love this game. I really do. But you know who doesn't love this game? -- The developers.Paradox is milking the Hearts of Iron community out of their hard earned money! It's as if they could care less about the development of this game. And I say development because this is such an Early Access title. Features are missing, AI is brain dead, obvious problems with the game that can be fixed by editing a few lines of code (I know, I'm a big modder for this game!), missing art assets, but to describe everything -- its seems like every development choice was a shortcut.What's worse is that this game was released over 14 months ago. We've seen only 4 patches, two of which offering content. And by content, I mean paid DLC. And by paid DLC, I mean low effort content for too much money. Most recently they offered a DLC that included four focus trees, some art assets,... and that's it. They even had the audacity to say that one of the big features was ""a new sound track!"".Worst of all is that the game is seriously dependant of the modding community. The modding community is fantastic, and is the only reason I'd buy the game. The people put more love and effort than the developers. 14 months and two lack luster DLC's later, the modding community have made amazing things that completely throw the work of the developers in the trash. Mods like Kaiserreich, the Great War, Modern Day, etc, completely overhaul the experience that if vanilla HOI4 and Kaiserreich went head to head, Kaiserreich would win simply because it's a more finished game.I used to like Paradox, but honestly they're turning into Ubisoft and EA. Milking us with crap DLC and unfinished games, not listening to the community, acting like FacePunch on the official Paradox forums. And that's saying something because recently EA has been turning their approach around and actually trying to avoid the whole ""milking customers"" approach.That's how I overall describe this game. A massive unloved shortcut BETA test."
76561198307384340,Recommended,394360,33630868,Posted: 18 July,all,xxiTrySoHardxx,"In short, HOI4 is a another great grand strategy game by Paradox. The only thing i would change is their DLC prices, which are a bit too expensive just to get game mechanics and cosmetics that should be in base game, or at least in major updates. Good and Fun overall."
,Recommended,394360,33743046,Posted: 23 July,all,Delta,"Im still relatively new to the game but this is by far the best grand strategy game I have every played. It has a very impressive level of detail and the workshop makes the games replay value endless, from modern day mods to a minecraft mod, and unfortunatly I am not joking about that one. Also if you're the kind of person that loves alternate history this is definetly going to suit you, as your actions in the game determine the outcome of WW2.In terms of realism the game has a lot to offer, for example you can chose what weapons your factories are producing and what your nations national focus is. With enough political meddling you could make America facist, or Germany democratic, maybe not even start a world war at all.The cons are the A.I. is a bit sketchy at times and some of the games mechanics can be buggy.I give this game an 8.5/10 because you can't find something much better but the game is a bit buggy at times."
76561198154719918,Recommended,394360,31651079,Posted: 9 May,all,Raptorsaurus,"Hoi4 is a brilliant game that relies on you understanding strategy and tactics to win, It has been dumbed down a bit and also the AI isn't exactly great but paradox is updating and fixing these problems. With the addition of workshop you can play to your hearts content, the replayability is large and offers many hours conquering the world. The DLC is expensive but I think it was worth it as it added many more hours of play time as you can use the puppet system and arrowhead to have more fun, those stuff should be base game, it isn't likely to go on sale any time soon so... yeah...I hope this helped."
,Not Recommended,394360,23519406,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"Where others Paradox grand stratagies have risen to great success, this is the exception. The current (first 2) DLCs are overpriced and pretty much all the mechanics they add should be free features. They update a few focus trees and add some mechanics. With prominent mods that add scenarios in which Germany won WW1 and put the game into the modern era, there's no excuse for DLC to push the focus trees of a couple little nations as a selling point--its just not enough."
,Recommended,394360,28880430,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,El Caudillo,"Very great, I love turning America into a fascist dictatorship."
,Recommended,394360,28817314,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,☾✩ Turkeyball ☾✩,"Hearts Of Iron is a Very big Strategy Game.Telling the REAL Story of WW2,Let me tell you one of my gameplays.-Start as Germany-Rhineland pls.-World Tension? Meh.-Declare war on Poland(Bruh its 1937....)-Molotov Pack with USSR-Split Poland-Declare war on Dutch.-Capture both of the Dutch(R.i.p Amsterdam.)-War on Luxembourg-Cant capture luxembourg cause of damn France.-Hold on the German,French border still for 5 Years by doing nothing.The Attacks does not change anything-Think About Rushing France's capital by Switzerlands border.-Ask for military access-They refused-Declare war on them-Lose your majority on war-France comes to the Switz's border(When they joined Allies.)-lose Austria To France-Italy Loses Rome but Every other city is alive-England Rushed Berlin bith Boats like they did to Italy-Denied m8-Get your new Baked Troops-No scope France-Get Strasbourg-Get Nancy-Get Lyon-Get Orleans-Get Paris.-GG France-Oh Wait asecond,UK?-While I was messing with France,UK Captured Danzig and Köln (Dutch too.)-Me:How did I missed that....-Berlin is captured-Germany is capitulated.While This was happening.....-Germany(Me.)Broke the Molotov Pact-Germans Declare war On Uncle Stalin-Lose Warsaw-Lose Krakow-Lose Slovakia♥♥♥♥♥♥)They are coming to Berlin!-UK captured Berlin.-Germany Was splitted in 4.-France got revived back.-Dutch and Austria Got back-The Rest was splitted in 2.Poland Czech and Slovakia Belongs to USSR.-Uk Captured East Berlin And North Germany-The Rest was gone to Switzerland's Choclate Factories and Black Friday Banks.GG.WW2 Ended.8/8 would play again m8."
,Recommended,394360,30493534,Posted: 13 March,all,Xedean,"probally the most playable grand strategy game that is about the second world war. The UI is intuitive enough that even players without (much) experience in other grand strategy games can understand it. The more advanced mechanics are a bit convoluted, but most of them are clear enough, you just need to find them. All in all, probally not the most indepth grand strategy game about WWII, but it is the most playable without trying to do something for 3 hours but failing because the games has♥♥♥♥♥♥UI. Deff recommended"
,Recommended,394360,30497415,Posted: 13 March,all,PNTPirate,Awesome game!
,Recommended,394360,30495360,Posted: 13 March,all,KaptaNN,Best strategy game in near future with great mods.
,Recommended,394360,30497183,Posted: 13 March,all,thomas5130,"Great game, got the game on sale and dont regret anything. The fun never ends with a endless amount of fun mods to change up the game play."
76561198087513644,Recommended,394360,30496884,Posted: 13 March,all,Bucklethorpe,A game of endless strategies and possibilities. Lead great countries or make your country great again! With the backing of the modding community this game is a 10/10>Side noteBULGARIA BEST COUNTRY! GIB MACEDONIA! GIB THRACE!
76561198093872805,Recommended,394360,30499661,Posted: 13 March,all,Flash,"Solid with tons of mods, Millimum being my fav 10/10"
76561198196543235,Recommended,394360,30504729,Posted: 14 March,all,Mikaelix,Good game.A lot of mods.=infinite fun
76561198061171887,Recommended,394360,34344982,Posted: 19 August,all,Thelagking61,"HOI4 is ok when it comes to gameplay compared to its previous titles.  The visuals have been improved greatly.  Multiplayer can be fun if you know some people to play with.  The base game can get rather stale fast, but thankfully there is a solid modding community supporting this game and there is a large selection of modded start dates from 1910 all the way to 2017.  The AI sucks pretty bad, but are their any games that actually have good AI?  For those who like grand strategy I give this title a 7/10, for those new to the genre I give it a 6/10 as the tutorial is kinda skimpy, but HOI4 is the easiest to just pick up and play of the HOI series, and for those who enjoy other paradox games I give it a ?/10 as most of the other paradox games are so different from HOI4 that is hard to say if you would like it or not.  All in all it is a solid game, but not the best game ever."
76561198065102685,Recommended,394360,34122943,Posted: 9 August,all,Katsumoto,"Overall fun game if you would like to explore and master the WW2 art of war or make some ♥♥♥♥ed up alternative history. The former has quite a nice amount of complexity with regard of choices (eg. whether to make more tanks or more planes and how these divisions should be structured and distributing production to different equipment), whilst the latter was personally for me fun at first but got boring eventually. However i have to say the game is worth the money just for the opportunity to oppose germany as poland or be france/uk and not betray the czechs or make neo-ottoman empire even if it gets boring eventually.I wouldn't say that the DLCs offer enough for their cost as those focus trees are nothing spectacular and there are some  nice trees in many mods that are free. the more useful features are releasing countries as puppets which imo should be in vanilla or requesting license for technology and improved puppet system where you can actually become free without going to war with your master. If you don't have DLC you will still be able to enjoy it in MP as if host has the DLC then everyone gets to use its benefits.although overall i recommend this game there are various issues most of which i wont name  like rare crashes during resync/hotjoin in multi and player chats getting bugged after hotjoin. also a personal thing i find mildly missing is that the way the game works so far is that every war except finnish soviet war has to end through one side surrendering unconditionallywhich usually results in the other side annexing or puppeting the defeated  countries entirely (offering peace function is a rare opportunity and either allows you to leave war unaffected or be fully vulnerable to being annexed fully). while i understand that this is an era of total war i'd find it nice if a losing side could offer peace with some minor concessions whilst rest of their land is guaranteed intact. also i dont think the abstraction of a country's economy into a number of civilian factories is the best way"
76561198162907710,Not Recommended,394360,26409739,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,tbonecadet1,Naval Invations need to be fixed the only think that invades is the marines. That needs to be fixed other than that great game
22233334444222211,Recommended,394360,26061515,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,bradf4rd,10/10Kinda repetitive sometimes though
76561198087882732,Recommended,394360,31704285,Posted: 12 May,all,GreatScott,Truely a amazing experience.Never before have you be able to play any nation during WW2 with a smaller learning curve.With the ability to try any tactic and win or lose WW2 in new and interesting ways every time.With over 600 hours in this game I have denfintily got My moneys worth.If your willing to put some effort to learn a paradox title which is needed to get enjoyment out of it.The only negatives about this game is the Ai which after this many hours in is no longer a challenge but with time and constat updates which are free (not including the dlc) this game Ai will hopefully get to a point were i can have alot more fun against the Ai.However people suggest that the dlc policy of this company is absurd but if i might remind you of the amount of value for money this game brings you without the dlc.Due to this i am more than happy to spend more money on this game to thank the deveoplers for more content and for this game.
76561198083349359,Recommended,394360,33945102,Posted: 1 August,all,Gamercave1,Awesome game if you like simulation and stratergy games. its complexity is just about righty - not to complex just the right level- i brought this game about 2 or 3 weeks ago and ive already played 115 hours and would have played alot more if i wasnt busy this game is awesome cant recomend itr to simulation/stratergy players enough
,Recommended,394360,28454092,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Lord Commissar Vect,"First of all, I REALLY like this game. I'm not one for RTS or Grand Strategy (mostly) and this game is great. I've played about 70 hours normal campaign, mainly as germany to learn the game, and then (at the time of writing) spent about 20 hours on Road To 56 playing other small countries (My favourite being good ol' Denmark).That's pretty brief so I'll put another brief list of Pro's and Con's.PRO-Fun-Fairly Addictive-Pretty interesting to see how every game pans out differently, especially with Road To 56 mod.CON-Paradox's DLC policy, holding back game features that should be in the base game already to make an extra buck-Paradox increasing Prices by up to (and including) 100% more than other regions, these are the two major faults, oh and the fact that the extra portraits DLC stops me getting achievements because it counts it as a ""modified save"" even before I had mods installed.EDIT: Since today, Paradox have reverted prices to be smaller and affordable in regions."
,Recommended,394360,23429734,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Elessar,Great game. Just realized dawn is outside the window... How can I sleep when my people are dying while fighting against darkest power in history?
76561198008582160,Recommended,394360,23430608,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,TheMetalfreak360,"Very good game, this in my opinion is like HOI3 just better in close to every aspect.Air is rewamped and made much better, simpler to use (this is yuge for me).The only downside now that I can see, is that the AI for battleplans and the AI in general seems to be hesitant when attacking, when there is no need to hold up. like a province with 1 unit and the AI got 6 units in 3 different provinces on its side. The AI is sitll a minor issue, but it has become much better, especially the ai of your own units."
,Recommended,394360,23427646,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,sunowl,Wehraboo wet dream.
76561198126269398,Recommended,394360,23427675,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,INGSOC,"Seems like good game but all provinces are BLACK please fix the only reason Im leaving positive review is because I love Paradox, But please FIX"
,Recommended,394360,23428872,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,613codyrex,"For Starters:I dont know what to say, as with all Paradox Games, they almost always deliver and Hearts of Iron IV is no exception.For those who played Hearts of Iron 3, you should be pleased to know that Hoi4 is as good and even better than it. The come game play is still there,the customizability has not been effect. The game also have seen improvements in one of the core aspects, the AI, has become competent enough to be able to hold down and push fronts.Also, Politics have taken a more EU4 side, which is great compared to Hoi3.Very happy with my purchase.PS: Facist France and other ashistorical countries are the best, Neo-Ottoman Empire anyone?"
76561198070465032,Recommended,394360,23427464,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,alper,"I have been playing this game series since 2003, I saw all the evolution. I had some concerns before I started to play the game, I thought it would not be as good as Hearts of Iron 3 in terms of micro and macro management, but after playing at about 8 hours I see that the new game mechanics are awesome, it's good to have different kinds of industrial capacities as military and civilian, and much more detailed production planning system makes the game much more complicated and it would be real fun who are interested in micro management of production lines. On the other hand technology tree is not as complex as hearts of iron 3. But my overall experience is very possitive.."
,Recommended,394360,23427540,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ned Slark,Was playing a Germany game. Thought I had a good navy so I declared war on Poland.  Britain then destroys my whole navy and invades through nothern Germany and captures Berlin. GG Britain OP.10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed by Britain again.
,Recommended,394360,23429554,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Blazer,9/10 just watched a max lev sub crew wipe out the whole brit navy9/10 just killed all of japans/germans navy with subs.9/10 just had the whole world declare war on me. not even joking about this :Pfor real this game is great. give it a buy if you like this type. or even if you don't. not heard to learn at all. took me about 5min before i knew what to do. 9.5/10
76561198069019272,Recommended,394360,23441923,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Praetorian,At the start of this i knew that there would be a few bugs because of the release which is no surprise to me but they are all minor. I think this game is awesome and gives you the sense of the WW2 atmosphere but i am not going to write a story so just get this game; i was very hyped over this game and i believe that it payed of :P
,Recommended,394360,23429479,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Attila,"First off, HOI4 is easily the best WW2 grand strategy game EVER, with a managable level of complexity, and the sheer options of the game lets the player feel as if they really ARE controlling their nation. The new national focus system is quite interesting! In previous installments of HOI, national events would automatically occur, but now in HOI4, it is up to the national leader to decide what political path to adhere to. It is extremely fun to take an alternate course in history, as I have done so far (for example, a Communist Italy), although players may choose the historical option, which of course means the countries decide in historical accuracy. Much of the over-complex and the unbearable options of HOI3 have been re-organised to fit the player, yet the complexity remains. This game is a top contender for the king of strategy games, and is easily one of the best games to ever be produced by Paradox. It allows the player a plethora of options, while remaining in its traditional complexity, and an ever so satisfying battle plan system. The only reason this game has negative reviews are because the ultra-hardcore fans (mind you, a vast minority) favor the ultra complex, and unbearable game management of the traditional HOI, which is fine, but for the rest of Paradox players, some form of organisation is needed. I LOVE this game, and am looking forward to spend many hours on it. If you are a fan of Paradox, get this game! If you are a strategy gamer, get this game! Even if you are a casual gamer, through time and dedication, you will have loads of fun in this grand strategy installment of HOI. As for the rest of you, well, all I can say is you are a minority, and if you enjoyed HOI3 better, then you are better off with the third installment. 8.5/10. If they fix some of their AI issues, 9/10."
76561198112041261,Recommended,394360,23427235,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Major_Gonads,"Diplomatic Hitler cause a second American Civil War, the rise of Facism in Poland, Belguim and Hungary, cause a new Bohemian Empire (Which he defended) and declared war on the world, along side the Neo-Axis Powers of Germany, Italy, Japan, Belguim, Bohemian Empire, Poland and Hungary.They lost, hard.10/10 would cause another American Civil War."
,Recommended,394360,23427543,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,portagame,One of the besst Grand Strategy games out there. Graphics take a toll on normal computers.
,Recommended,394360,23441998,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,UnlikeSushi,A truly amazing grand strategy game. Love annihilating my enemies with grandiose battle plans.
,Recommended,394360,23425690,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Pedorkijs Sorozīts,"Hard to learn because of its many options, but very fun because of it! ;D"
,Recommended,394360,23427533,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mr.PoopyButtHole,Played a histroical game as Italy and joined the axis with Germany. Germany conqours Poland but then deals with massive allied invasions into northern Germany. I save the day and invade France throught their unguarded southern border.10/10 would go ahistrocial and make Italy OK again.
76561198075318885,Recommended,394360,23429699,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Magna_Draco,"better than 3, easier than 1 and 2, but i like it! not much micro managment to me"
76561198086466764,Recommended,394360,23427265,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,"Dave ""Bud"" Dickson",How to rekt everybody1)choose  USA2)Play as facist3)create army4) HAVE FUN10/10
76561198006600469,Recommended,394360,23427379,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bebberino,"The gameplay is similar enough to previous editions so you're not clueless, but the learning curve is there. I like the fact you can literally be any country that existed during that time. Also the fact you're not locked in to being an Ally or Axis. So far a huge thumbs up!!!!!"
76561198052135773,Recommended,394360,23434352,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Fellini,I only understand about half of what's going on on screen and I'm loving it.
,Recommended,394360,23427812,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Branny,"Really awesome, even more immersive than HOI3.Game is more complex and involved than HOI3 but doesn't seem clunkier. Totally happy with this, it's an absolute great game out of the gate, I can't wait to see where it goes! Much more polished than Stellaris, and I really enjoy it too."
76561198110373147,Not Recommended,394360,26424230,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DustBucket,Having a game with major aspects missing on launch i can handle........releasing those aspects as paid dlc i can't handle.First dislike for a paradox game.i feel.....sad.....
76561198022620511,Not Recommended,394360,33339660,Posted: 7 July,all,-=|BiGSNeaKY|=-,"can not connect to friends multiplayer games, WTF IS THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME"
76561198062815636,Recommended,394360,31136759,Posted: 14 April,all,Kevanoovitch,The game is really hard but once you learn it the game is really fun. The workshop ads lots of new content thought the dlc don't look all that promising as of yet but the base game is really good and I would recommend it to every stratetgy player
76561198093047639,Recommended,394360,32481689,Posted: 16 June,all,Makabeli,Great game. In its current state kind of slim on the content. If they actually give every country a unique focus tree and add a few more mechanics it will be perfect. Let's hope it's not all behind paywall DLC.
,Recommended,394360,33461393,Posted: 11 July,all,meiji,"I think it's worth a try, too bad my friends don't have and/or want the game tho :( ."
,Not Recommended,394360,23493820,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,pants,"only part of the game was released, rest will be released as 14.99$ dlcwhen you fight half the world the game's fps will go down to about 5 fps and max speed will be about 1 hour per 1 second on my computer making it impossible to progresssuch a bad dumbed down game compared to the OG hois, requires at least a single digit IQ to be able to take over the world with a dumpster country like luxembourg"
,Not Recommended,394360,33542036,Posted: 14 July,all,Aydost,"Without DLCs, it does not have much content."
,Not Recommended,394360,33513323,Posted: 13 July,all,Kupaars,"First of all , this game is only fun with mods and/or in MP (multiplayer) , playing vanilla singleplayer is the most boring and primitive gameplay ever. This game can be easily mastered so i suggest playing HoI3 as it is more in depth if you want to play SP. I currently am playing MP with like 5 mods. So yeah..The combat system is pretty off and so is diplomacy , very primitive, as i said.Go ahead and play this game , just dont buy the overpriced DLC , unless, of course , its on sale for 50%. ALL OF THAT SHOULD'VE BEEN IN THE MAIN GAME!!Hope you understand , giving my point of view."
,Not Recommended,394360,32599692,Posted: 20 June,all,ace1592,"This game lacks so much. If you want an in depth WW2 era game, stay away. It was realsed and it felt like in beta. The tech tree is streamlined but by '45 you should have all the techs you can get, the political tree is nice but only applies to the big 7 + Poland (unless you get DLC) and lacks depth which you'll get through before '45. Combat nice to look at but forgetable, I've had games where I've set up my line, set an attack order pressed go then left to go make a sandwich. For a game that has a massive global combat and has a time span of less than 25 year you'll be on speed 5 a lot, especially as a democratic power who are simply inactive untill something happens. Espionage is next to non-existant, you get 6 techs regarding it and no spies. Weather feels like it has no impact. I don't like navel and air combat which is split into sectors and your not given more free reign. I can mention other points but I've amde my point clear.To sum up, I bought this game when it came out and it has flopped for me. No depth and it leaves you wanting, I haven't bought the DLC but from what I've seen and at the price it is I'm not stupid enough to waste my money again on the game."
76561198322668204,Recommended,394360,31136284,Posted: 14 April,all,redned,It's a great game with even better mods. I've spent 100+ hours in multiplayer games that turn out differently every time.
,Recommended,394360,30013201,Posted: 18 February,all,Missionaria Protectiva,"Another masterpiece by Paradox.Pros:Much better graphics than HOI3 and a better diplomatic system instead of just declaring wars and either conquering or puppeting other countries.The national foci provides a large variety of choices, either historical or alternative. France can have its own faction and the US can strike United Kingdom. Also, shifting ruling party's ideology will change the nation's name and flag just like VIC2. Specific countries will even have a unique name and flag when they are puppeted by a particular country. For example, when you are playing as German Reich and puppet Belarus and Ukraine, they will have the same flag as German Reich and will change their names to ""Reichsprotektokrat Ostland"" and ""Reichsprotektokrat Ukriane"". This makes the game even more interesting.The new air combat system makes commanding an Air Force much easier than it is in HOI3.More complicated in equipment production and division training ( also more realistic since you have to produce theequipments like guns and tanks via military factories and production lines ).The battle plan system makes commanding an Army much easier than in HOI3 where battleplans are of no uses.Cons:I somehow dislike the simplified Theater-Army-Division structure. Indeed it is much easier to manage but I still like to see a complete structure under a Theater-Army Group-Army-Corps-Division-Brigade system.Finally, only VPs and provinces have there names while small regions on the map don't. When playing HOI3 I can say ""I encircled an army at XXX"" but in HOI4 I can only say ""I encircled an army at this region in XXX province"". Really want the developers to bring these names back.Lots of playable countries do not have their own focus trees (e.g. ROC and PRC, Sweden, Netherlands and some others ) hope that Paradox can continuously add focus trees for other minor countries."
,Recommended,394360,33620024,Posted: 17 July,all,S0l4r,At least it isnt eu4 with it's dlc yet
76561198010568609,Not Recommended,394360,33014806,Posted: 29 June,all,HTech,"Great game. Price and DLC are what this negative is for. It´s too expensive now and you would also have to buy some DLCs that should be in the base game to fix some broken mechanics. Luckly, I bought the base game before the price increase and was able to enjoy it but the DLCs will remain in my wishlist until there is a 80% or greater discount (probably forever...)"
76561198308602885,Not Recommended,394360,33011600,Posted: 29 June,all,Quebec,"Yeah they put a alpha beta broken garbage game on day 1, now they try to sale you the rest of this alpha beta broken game peices by peices via their dlc program. Plus when we bought the marschall edition the deal was 1 game + 2 expension....couples days after Paranoob change the deal for 3 S H I T T Y small stupid idiot scrapp useless focus tree dlc's and a arrow that should have been included in the game on day 1. Very bad game and company paradox is a shame. (WARNING). PARADOX MODERATOR INC. DELEATE BAD REVIEWS OR LOCK THOSE REVIEWS OR BANNED PEOPLES WHO TELL THE TRUETH ABOUT THIS ALPHA BETA BROKEN GARBAGE GAME. The good reviews have been made by the paradox trolls fan who will not saying anything againts bad paradox behavior and always said yes to their dumb paradox master. DON'T BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FREAKING DUMB BAD AI'S ♥♥♥♥♥TY GAME...!!!..I forgot to tell that the ai's computer is just abysal or dumb as a rock...this is the first time i play a game computer who have a very bad idiot stupid none inteligent, freaking lost ai's computer...S H I T or hoi 4 is the same i lost 100$ and fate into that paradox company...I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER PARADOX GAME OF MY LIFE....F**** Paranoob....BYE...!!!"
76561198095416471,Not Recommended,394360,33110038,Posted: 1 July,all,Thunder-Invader,Fun game but definitely not worth the price
,Not Recommended,394360,34147186,Posted: 10 August,all,Doxs Roxs,"Long time Hearts of Iron 3 player here, I have played games in this series for many years and enjoy them.While some of the changes from HOI3 are improvements there are certain things I just cannot understand:* Bugs, lots of them. Windows getting stuck/jumping around the top of the screen, pressing a button and having the popup window cover the battle information with no way to close it etc. For a game that has been out and patched with multiple paid for expansions I just dont get how you managed to end up like this. Current state is what I would have expected for a recently released game or pre release product.*Cluttered interface, divisions overlapping and jumping around, sometimes impossible to see what is going on, remember that Im saying this as a very experienced player from the series. In fact the different map modes are so bad its hard to see even basic information, like front lines. All map modes are shaded in muted shades of similar colors with no clear lines. Instead all borders are blended together and most map modes have shaded areas crisscrossing the map making it even worse.*Attack planner/AI, while sometimes it might be useful, issuing simple commands only to have the units move away in the other direction and then start transporting themselves by sea in a never ending loop between two nearby ports is just rediculous.*AI issues, apart from the blatant bugs above both the enemy AI and your own AI will constantly shuffle around units, attack/disengage over and over and over again and other things that are plain broken.*The game is simply not polished, take basic things like game configuration. Go to game options and controls, only things you can change are scroll speed and zoom speed. The rest of the menues are equally clunky and non intuitive. I had to resort to editing game files to prevent the game from autoscrolling when running in window mode and moving the mouse outside the window. (important for those of us with multiple screens)In summary, a great game series that I had great hopes for, unfortunately it was very poorly executed."
76561198051745844,Not Recommended,394360,34450784,Posted: 23 August,all,dillon.davidson,"This game is just bad.First, the ""Rewrite History Aspect"" is widly inaccurate. You can make minor changes to the timeline, but major events will always happen. German Expansionism, Invasion of Poland, War with the Allies pretty much happens the same no matter what. Germany will ALWAYS attack the USSR or vice versa. Pretty much resign yourself to fighting WWII as it happened.Second, the mechanics are unbearably clunky. When trying to manage an entire nation in detail it gets frustrating. Example; you are France, you assign an army group to the border with Belgium. War breaks out and germany invades Belgium, when Germay siezes Belgian territory on your border, your army withdraws from the adjacent territory because it doesn't care about Germany but is focusing on the territory Belgium controls, even though you are at war with Germany. Now there is a huge hole in you line, which you don't see because you are working else where. In rushes the whole enemy army and you just lost the game. Interesting side note, the AI always has at least a 10 to 1 numerical advantage regardless of who are playing as or how you prepared for the war. Your allied AIs are stupid as sin and will always move all their forces to one front. When a new front opens they will be completely defenseless and fall.Diplomacy? Forget it. There is no meaningful player control. The only part that works is the pre planned national focuses that drag you kicking and screaming along the story line. Even that doesn't work well somtimes. Often when intervening in a small nation per the national focus that nation will suddenly and immeaditly join a faction, regardless of politics or history or any other logic. Now that whole faction has declared war on you. You can't try and broker peace or do anything else. You have pretty much commited yourself to fight WWII, often by yourself because you haven't joined a faction yet and no one is going to let you in while all three axis powers are kicking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.This game would be very very fun, IF, you could deligate things. It isn't a problem of difficulty, it is a problem of playabilty. There is no way you can control every division on the Eastern Front while managing research, economy, and politics. Sadly the computer can't be trusted to manage any of it and there is no way to win when it fails."
76561198058457298,Not Recommended,394360,34203009,Posted: 12 August,all,my.male.bocks,"The latest release of this game is a load of rubbish. They have dumbed it down to a cartoon. I have played the series since HOI 1 was relased. Version 1 was basically unplayable garbage. Version 2 was a serious improvement but had serioues deficiencies as well. Version 3 with the Black ICE mod has been the only decent version of this title ever released. While it still had some serious issues, this new release takes everything that was good about HOI 3 and tosses it in the garbage.While it adds some welcome improvements it replaces them with a cartoon version of being a head of state during WW2. The trade system, while mostly a pain in HOI3 is not basically useless. What do I do with my spare resources? can't trade them anymore. I now have to use my industrial capacity to make 'trade goods'. This is quickly used up so you can not make any divisions or weapons to trade for raw materials you need to get to make divisions and weapons. Best I can figure spend all of 1936 making as many factories as possible.As I always complained about every other version of this series, the balance is completely warped and it is impossible to come close to producing the amount of historical Army Groups, Armies, Corps and divisions as were historically fielded, even with Black ICE taking the help and helping you out along the way. Ships? Don't bother you will never create any capitial ships in any realistic time. I strongly encourge the developers to watch the Battlefied series of documentaries to get a grip on reality so they can understand just how many divisions even material strapped Germany was able to field.This game has progressed to almost realistic to a ridculous cartoon, just total bs. Wait for it in the 2.99 bargain bin where it is sure to end up."
76561198040955960,Not Recommended,394360,34425421,Posted: 22 August,all,Nebulon-B_Frigate_FTW,"This can be a very engaging game, but it suffers from three massive flaws:1: Lack of choices. The focus tree system is interesting, but it ultimately is very broken. Some nations just get stuff for free from it while others languish with nothing to do. Some even get a custom tree worse than default. Mods can help, but only so much. In addition, the war system is terrible; war goals don't matter and you essentially just go into all-or-nothing wars that soon combine every nation possible. While this is a good way to get WWII going, it often makes no sense and you end up at war with the UK and France because you're Hungary conquering Bulgaria. Once you're in a war, the all-or-nothing nature and the mass of nations and the huge restrictions on suing for peace (must be on the losing side as a war leader, no separate peaces) mean it's nearly impossible to get out without conquering the world.2: It relies on DLC. Some nations just can't do much unless they get focus trees given by DLC. Mods can cover this to some extent. However, the tactic of blitzkrieg itself is an order type that only comes with ""Together for Victory"". Without this in the core game, the game isn't really that good.3: The AI is terrible. The newest patch should help a bit, but we're still going to see nations not defend their ports while scattering their armies across the seas and trying to navally invade random coastlines (which makes them die from attrition without a port to supply from).I cannot recommend the game without DLC. With DLC, it's too expensive, and would be barely recommendable even if reasonably priced."
,Not Recommended,394360,32509402,Posted: 17 June,all,UnbeatenFiddle,Seriously Paradox?
76561198046219315,Recommended,394360,23451810,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Von_Wallenstein,Simply awesome. An incredible level of complexity mixed with an easy to learn gameplay.
,Recommended,394360,24035546,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Adolf Hideki bin Stalin,"It's much better than the last, imho. Just need some ai improvement."
76561198273339271,Not Recommended,394360,32858715,Posted: 27 June,all,nigga bear,"if u wanna buy the game be prepare for the deluge of DLC coming in ur way. even if ur a paradox fun like me, in the end ur prob going to spend over 300$ on this. not worth it"
,Not Recommended,394360,33010673,Posted: 29 June,all,Cameron!!!!,"Anything is better than Hoi4, yet i keep on playing it for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason."
76561198146890266,Recommended,394360,26127721,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,SMARTMANSMART,Good but bad XD
,Recommended,394360,27381405,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zybisko,"The most accessible Hearts of Iron game yet, the grahpics are vibrant and the gameplay engaging. Some features have given way in this new iteration(comprehensive OOB, Espionage) though they may yet return in future updates.Some negative reviews state the AI is ""broken"" and makes the game ""unplayable"" (despite their play time in the many hundreds hours), I must be playing a different game: I've seen some odd occurences like Japan sending troops to assist the Italians in the Alps, but on the whole I've experienced the AI doing what is expected."
,Recommended,394360,27255676,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Memeball,"Honestly, this is a really great game. Easier to get into if you have played Stellaris, Crusader Kings, or Europa Universalis. You can basically run any nation from the pre-WWII era and conquer anything you want, and can rewrite history. Waging war requires a large learning curve but can get fun once you master it. This is a grand strategy game which plays with a large world map, but is not turn-based like Sid Meier's Civilization, Total War, or Risk."
76561198118811935,Recommended,394360,34446246,Posted: 23 August,all,✠ Panzerführer ✠,Very goood game. I recommend it to people that have played strategy games before (not like starcraft or something like it)
,Recommended,394360,34623686,Posted: 30 August,all,Barke Beans,My collar stay poppin and i smell good
76561198070261223,Recommended,394360,34668570,Posted: 1 September,all,UndertaleWeeaboo,"Not surprisingly, playing as Fascist Denmark is halariously fun, if not a quick way to get Denmark back to their viking roots. Honestly, there's no better name than the ""North Sea Empire"".Drop the nuke for Thor"
76561198080540855,Recommended,394360,33785483,Posted: 25 July,all,Gazorpazorpfeild,"Very good game. Ive played like 500 Hrs and the same things annoy me, for instancenot being able to strech front lines over multiple connected fronts even when the different countries are in a faction together, also i believe china and the PRC should be given focus trees, also some South American focus trees like Brazil, Venesuala etc. as that is a relatively unimportant region, also air and naval battles look horribe (no offence), also i think you should make the basic focus tree better like in 'The Road To 56' as smaller nations dont tend to focus heavily on navy and ari so most of it is useless and I find myself doing continuous focuses very early (1938), I would also recomend extending the Japanese focus tree as it runs into the same problem. also finally, colony states should provide more manpower as conquering the Raj gives so little manpower its not worth taking. It also makes me avoid most of asia as it lacks in everything except manpower.This may sound negative but in all seriousness i really love the game"
76561198191292842,Recommended,394360,31307501,Posted: 22 April,all,dryabetusfetus,yes
76561198096097839,Recommended,394360,34872771,Posted: 10 September,all,Admiral Mitth'raw'nuruodo,"You get to slaughter Slavs en masse, Like millions of the ♥♥♥♥ers, I R8 8/8"
76561198124898502,Recommended,394360,34388706,Posted: 20 August,all,Otto Von Habsburg,Spam paratroopers and instantly beat the game
76561198015468573,Recommended,394360,31916052,Posted: 23 May,all,duck noob,Hearts of Iron IV is a good game and I recommend it to people that love grand strategy games. I think that the price is good for what you get.
76561198027095684,Recommended,394360,32195285,Posted: 5 June,all,bender79,One of the best WW2 strategy games I have ever played and keep playing. Highly rated!!!
,Recommended,394360,35174036,Posted: 24 September,all,Teeny Bops,"I played this game for 12 hours straight (this is when I first bought the game, so if your reading this thats why I have more the 12), I play the play the tutorial, see im the Italians (I play an Itlalian every chance I get), I finish the tutorial, without a second of thought, choose Italy, fast forward 12 hours later aaaaaaaaaaaannd there goes France, I did about 90% of the work and Germany gets the entirety of France despite it being me who waged war with Switzerland and by extension France AND STILL THOSE DAMN KRAUTS GOT FRANCE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, so I left the Axis along with my Facist Spain, and go wage war with Greece. That was my 12 hour experience with this game, id say its ok, DLC is pricy, even on sale, its a good-okay buy in my opinion, would reccomend."
76561198064043270,Recommended,394360,35197808,Posted: 25 September,all,Gray Knight,"As a newcomer to the Hearts of Iron series this was my thought prossess while playing IV""Alright lets just get it while it's on sale and if I don't like it, I will refund it."" *5 hours later* ""What in the hell was I doing? The ♥♥♥♥ did my sleep time go!? I got work in 8 hours, let me just research this last thing and go to bed."" *5 more hours later* ""The hell was I doing again?""If are new this like me do not play this if you only quit a game when the noise stop clouding your thoughts."
,Recommended,394360,35194242,Posted: 24 September,all,AyeFortuna,"Just to put it straight, I am new to the series. I don't know what it was back in the day. But holy ******* crap. As someone who just tired it, honestly, this is personally my favourite WWII strategy game game to date.The paradox DLC system sucks balls and yeah the AI can be borderline idiotic at times, but I my honest opinion, if you want a game which at least gives you a chance to revert back in history and change the course of WWII.The most infulential war in history.Then this is the game.I have tired EU and Stellaris and I must admit, in all honesty, I couldn't get into it because of the sheer fiasco of DLCs alone. But this, this is wonderful. I am writing this early on in the release, so please don't judge as much, to put it blunt I'm a goddamn total noob. I'm writing this about a few months to a year, so I don't know what it will evolve to.Netherless, I've neen playing it non-stop for 9 hours straight, I got so into it that I bought a stash of booze and I just wouldn't stop if I wasn't for infulence of alcohol. As someone who is passionate about WWII and the fate of my ancestors, I have tired to kick commie butt with no avail. I got steamrolled in the period of 1939 just for Hungary to give me a helping hand with a few divisions.Did I win? Nope, my war involvement was under 5 percent and I lost majority of my land. My economy got to hell and I couldn't produce any advancements. My entire army was behind in technology by about 20 years.Do I suck? Yes. Oh boy do I suck. Did I get annoyed? No.For the first time in history of gaming I haven't been annoyed by losing. I don't know why.Speaking assomeone newto the triple X scene, this game honestly has a charm to it.9/10.Better dead than red.I love it. Even though my review could be overwhelmingly based based on my interests alone.I full heartedly recommend it to anyone into WWII or new to the scene. Yes, it can be a chore to read through the wall of tutorial text to understand at least thebasicsalone. But if you'll get into it, oh man, it's a blast.I just wish the game could give a helping hand when it comes to factories and research. Speaking as a noob.And the AI, it could do some polishing. And the DLCs.Other than that, it's great."
,Not Recommended,394360,35168018,Posted: 23 September,all,TiddlesTheCat,They just added Expansion passes......
76561198006728109,Not Recommended,394360,32516605,Posted: 17 June,all,const,♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC's for a very basic game
,Not Recommended,394360,32509735,Posted: 17 June,all,Zholik,"Fix your damn base game before you focus on DLC, please for the love of god Paradox..."
,Recommended,394360,35208577,Posted: 25 September,all,dnannann,I like HOI4 because it lets me live out my childhood dream of destroying Portugal.
76561198042467896,Not Recommended,394360,27941649,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐,"Its repetitive, frontline mechanic is bugged forcing you to micro manage a 100% of the time making late game tedious. I dont recommend anyone to buy this."
76561198016576282,Not Recommended,394360,28260579,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Zera,Draw a Line and hit goTab out for 5 minutes and claim your clayAt least I can go on shillin money for dlc´s which should have been in the basegameThanks Sweden
,Not Recommended,394360,28275988,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Currently Dying in a Warp Storm,Awful DLC and a horrendous price increase to boot.
76561198009955818,Not Recommended,394360,28939971,Posted: 2 January,all,Çağrı Uluç,"Okay.This game would be great, if people have put more thought onto things.After some point in the game, if you are winning the battle you cannot use airbases. Your allies overcrowd them and you cannot do any operation. What's with the air map mode anyways? It's the worst UI I have ever seen.Why does ♥♥♥♥ing UK help Comintern get Nationalist China, Persia, basically the world? Because of the mechanics, as you make occupations, the controller is the nation you attacked from. Your allies got military access from Soviet Russia? Have fun, whatever they do will benefit Soviets from now on.It would be fun to play against an AI that can actually battle. When I look at my allies, they do not make effective attacks at all. Even when there is NO ENEMY, they will not go ahead and occupy frickin' VICTORY POINTS. I think they are waiting for their battle plans to be ready. And although I like the idea of preparing before an attack, and let AI do the work, it will not do it well I know for sure.These are all negative sides. The game is fun. But these AI ♥♥♥♥s completely collapses the atmosphere.Why the ♥♥♥♥ would UK win territory for USSR for ♥♥♥♥'s sake..."
76561198038195098,Recommended,394360,30711346,Posted: 24 March,all,Wolfcunt,I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm doing
76561198175775067,Not Recommended,394360,32486560,Posted: 16 June,all,DYSFUCTIONAL ROBOT,"Now I (as you can see) have over 100 hours in the game currently. I did many fun things like turning Monglolia facist, taking over the U.S. as Mexico, and many other amazing things that you can't really do in most games.I do not regret my decision about buying this game, but I must say that I do have a slight sense of dissapointment.Now this feeling I have whenever I remember this game is caused by multiple things.The biggest being that they seem to just sell additional mechanics as DLC (most of which are pretty rudimentrary). Lack of attention is given to countries that did a considerable part in the War (which can be numbed somewhat by the community) and by putting most of developement  that was made after the release, in DLC packs.There were also many aspects in the base game that feel underdeveloped or there were mechanics that were outright missing (like asking allies for equipment or not being able to kick members out of factions)I just feel that there are better games of this calliber; waiting to be bought at cheaper prices. Now I haven't really checked out any games similair to HOI4; so perhaps my feelings are a bit off on this one.I am going to end this reveiw by saying that you should look for other games like this and compare their quality to HOI4; Stellaris (which is by the same company) has alot fun things to do in my opinion and it's dev team seems to care alot more. (It does have problems of its own too.)If you do still choose to buy this game (which is okay btw); I suggest you don't by ANY of the DLCs without carefully examining their content compared to their price. If you made it to the end of my review (in the case that anyone decides to read this), just take my advice. Always examine a game with serious effort, because there are alot of people in this reveiw section that wished that they did that with this one."
76561198056205270,Not Recommended,394360,32477313,Posted: 16 June,all,matthewgssg,Didn't enjoy this at all.
76561197969200390,Not Recommended,394360,32477838,Posted: 16 June,all,Adukka,Darkest hour Hearts of Iron game still best.
76561198047535182,Not Recommended,394360,32489003,Posted: 16 June,all,Meteorik,Really fun multiplayer but single player base game was broken and i were expected to pay for a dlc to fix the game 6 months later.
76561198322891660,Recommended,394360,32146204,Posted: 3 June,all,Mr.HealZ,Good Game
76561198287591362,Recommended,394360,33968738,Posted: 2 August,all,jamie.hartig,A very good game which is easy to get your head round and provides endless hours of fun.
76561198056044625,Not Recommended,394360,32520900,Posted: 17 June,all,Rstr1,I can see the direction this game is headed. The same DLC policy that applies to the other Parardox games will be applied to this one as well.
,Not Recommended,394360,32512345,Posted: 17 June,all,Tom,"The DLC policy is just too expensive, such a small amount of content for so much money. Poor AI don't help, a fun game but simply too expensive."
,Recommended,394360,29140456,Posted: 9 January,all,PoweredByAxis,Very fun to play. I recommend this game for everyone. It is especially fun to play with friends.
76561198007749787,Recommended,394360,32232067,Posted: 6 June,all,Raventiger,"Still learning this deep and complex game. Well deep and complex for me, I'm a relatively new player to this type of game.  I love the graphics of the game, the music is wonderful, and the gameplay satisfying.  All in all, I reccomend this game."
,Recommended,394360,32232446,Posted: 6 June,all,Decker080,One of the best grand strategy games to-date. very intuative and easy for newcomers to the genre. Lots of fun and the modding community is great. Great if you are looking for a game to invest hundreds of hours into.
76561198151196325,Recommended,394360,23556541,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Bernard,"Amazing WW2 game. If you're looking for historical accarucy combined with tons of sandbox possibilities, this game is for you."
76561198073526196,Recommended,394360,30973231,Posted: 5 April,all,Darksidegunner9,At first it's kinda confusing to get used to(it might be because it's my first strategy game) but after an hour or 2 I learned most of the stuff and I have to say it's really fun once you learn it. There is so many different outcomes and scenarios.
,Not Recommended,394360,35394064,Posted: 1 October,all,M60E4,"Love this game, would love to give it a thumbs-up, but just can't at the moment. The AI are just plain stupid, and AI competence is extremely important in a game like this. Will change opinion if they prove otherwise."
76561197987407012,Not Recommended,394360,33295005,Posted: 5 July,all,Pugzilla,Good game with lots of potential.Problem is the crap AI and overpriced DLC for countries no one cares  about.
76561198007702826,Not Recommended,394360,32604139,Posted: 20 June,all,simontemplar96,"The game is enjoyable when it is actually playable. After playing for a while the game slows down to unbearable levels. From reasearch it seems this has to do with the proliferation of AI divisions. I enjoyed the game for about two days, and then it became unplayable."
,Not Recommended,394360,33297909,Posted: 5 July,all,Nicolas Cage,I hate the dlc policyI will make positive when the AI is better and the DLC policy is revisedPros- Focus Tree is a cool concept- Easy to learn- Nice graphicsCons-Mulitplayer community is cancerous-Ai is poor-Features are behind a paywall-Not complete game
76561198147412653,Not Recommended,394360,35483718,Posted: 4 October,all,cool4442,is the game good yes. is pardox's dlc policy♥♥♥♥♥♥yes. thats not what i am talking about here. i have not bought an dlc whatsoever. its like fallout 4 to fallout 3 its easer its more simple its less strategy and more the person with the biggest army wins. in my 800+ hours playing this game i have tried mutiplayer 5 times. if you like playing with freinds do not buy this game you would think after what a decade or more pardox could fix it but nope even with the lowest settings the mutiplayer still does not work right. if not for mods it would be the worst strategy game ever but MODS so yeah probly buy ck2 eu4 vicy 2 or hoi3 instead... never mind just buy fallout 3 its great forget pardox buy bethsida games (i say as a guy who is probley not payed by bethisda)
76561198117298862,Recommended,394360,33252199,Posted: 4 July,all,Merc4Wrk,As of writing this review paradox hasn't butchered this game to death with Dlc. So for right now this is a definite buy. The combat system in this game is phenomenal and excels past that at times. While lacking the subtleties of diplomacy that paradox games have done so well with in the past diplomatic actions are certainly present. What this game lacks in diplomacy it more then makes up for in the combat and warfare mechanics. Customizable unit templates offer constant new angles for experienced players to consider. In addition there are just enough different unit types to make the combat between individual units satisfying and fun. In addition the only flaw with the combat are some occasional glitches with the frontline mechanics. This however is not nearly enough to make the combat poor just enough to be a nuisance at times. The factions system is another good feature in theory. However this leads to my one major problem with the warfare. The lack of an effective separate peace mechanics make peace after war is over a drag. In addition if you are a minor power you can feel cheated when the major countries in your faction surrender and you are suck on the tail end of a peace deal without even fighting for yourself. Also it's very annoying for the attacker who may have focused on army production in order to take their home continent to find themselves stuck at war for years while they build up a navy. Altogether the combat itself is great but there's almost not enough of it at times. All together an extremely solid game with a phenomenal combat system and solid base mechanics 7/10
76561198065385894,Recommended,394360,33261094,Posted: 4 July,all,[1stTX.H] Cpl. McMuffin,"Alright so, aside from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC stuff, this game is very very fun. Mods add extraordinary longevity to the game, and playing with friends makes the game even more fun. However, watch YouTube playthroughs (like half an hour videos, cause the default tutorial is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and you won't figure out details), I didn't and I spent about 15 hours figuring our how to even effectively play this game. It is very fun, and I have over 197 hours and still enjoy every game I play. Keep in mind, if you plan on not doing much combat and don't play aggressively at some point in the game, your frames will die and download a mod like Faction Manager to manage your faction. You could say this game has a lot of flaws, but honestly, I don't care cause I just got a mod to fix it and moved it. Highly recommend it."
76561198170002773,Recommended,394360,33281196,Posted: 5 July,all,limitedsiren,"Hearts of Iron 4 is one of the best games I have ever played let me just get that out of the way. It's fun and there is so many differnet playstyles with different countries and the combinations are almost limitless. Unfortunatley this game suffers from a few drawbacks and I'll list a few pros and consPros1. The game runs nicely on most platforms (I play on a crappy laptop so I will tell you this with personal experience)2. It's very fun to play with a lot of the nations.3. The in-game focus trees are extremely immersive4. War is extremely fun5. The game comes with some very nice mods (Like road to 56)Cons1. You'll get extremely bogged down by the lack of infrastructure in places like South America and Asia.2. The DLCs are overpriced, come with large amounts of content that could have come in a patch.3. Some nations are impossible to play as.4. The AI is rubbish5. There should be an ability to negoitate a truce or ceasefire at any point of a war."
76561197970312961,Not Recommended,394360,31705749,Posted: 12 May,all,trias10,"Note: You can play this game without having Steam running, therefore my hours on record are not accurate.Wanted to wait several months before writing a review, to give Paradox time to fix all of the launch day bugs and issues. It's now been 7 months, and this game is, unfortunately still quite terrible. To be fair, when you first start playing and getting the hand of things, you will love this game, as I did, thinking it's one of the best WW2 games ever, however, as you become very familiar with the systems and get good, you'll realise just how inept the AI is, and how easy it is to cakewalk through each game, no matter your country.Main points:- atrocious AI, even by grand strategy levels, there are a lot of edge cases in this AI code which leads to really bad decisions. To be fair, this is a really complicated game, specifically with divisional template design and wars on multiple fronts (also air, sea, and land wars), it may be that it's just not possible to have good AI for such a level of complexity. Either way, after about 30 hours, you'll win easily every time, the AI is just not up to spec.- managing the air war element is just horrid, possibly some of the worst game design elements I've ever encountered, even across all of Paradox's titles. It's very convoluted, and annoying to manage. The developers themselves have stated it's a huge mess and will be reworked from the ground up later down the line, but as of now, air war is just a huge pain- similar to the air war, the naval warfare management is also needlessly complex, and very difficult in terms of information feedback. Granted it's not as bad as the air war element, but still bad. Perhaps worst of all, if you're a fan of playing Germany, the uboot war is badly done, with submarines being completely worthless compared to surface fleets and naval bombers. You just can't accomplish much at all with submarines at the moment, and the war in the atlantic is brittle and not fleshed out. Worse still is the Pacific war, which is nonexistentant, but has been flagged by the developers as a big issue and fixes are (supposedly) on the way- only the major nations are fleshed out (without any DLC). All of the remaining smaller nations share the same tech tree and national focus tree, with generic names instead of unique items from history- the land war is pretty good, in this area they've done well. You use the battle planner to essentially draw arrows where you want your armies to go, and the divisional level control is handled for you by the AI. A lot of micro-heavy players hate this, and see it as the biggest flaw since HoI3, but I personally enjoy this feature, as I don't have time to micro every division in every province while managing my entire war economy, but that level of nitty gritty control is still there should you want it, but issuing orders on such a micro level is a bit messy, although doable. However, a basic Spearhead manuever is hidden behind a paywall in the new DLC, when it clearly should've been a free feature- no espionage of any kind. No spies, no directed sabotage, not much meat on the bones aside from the land war elements.- limited diplomacy elements. I'll give them props for having lend-lease done well, and sending volunteer divisions, but past that it's bare bones.Bottom line: it's a capable enough game, and you can easily sink 30-40 hours into it before you start to see it for the Potemkin Village it really is. Until they really revamp the air and naval elements entirely, I'd say hold fire."
76561198279796220,Recommended,394360,32349268,Posted: 11 June,all,DangerousApe,I love playing this game and have high hopes for the future :)
76561198007486075,Not Recommended,394360,29951145,Posted: 15 February,all,Into The Fray 0,"I am extremely disappointed with this game. I was really excited watching gameplay videos before the release, it looked beautiful. BUT actual gameplay is very fustrating. When the game first starts out (1936 I believe) the gameplay is pretty decent and what you would expect for speed. By the time you get to 1940-1942 the game gets super laggy. Paradox refuses to fix the issue or do any updates to improve it. When it starts to lag and jump the game becomes unplayable. The battles take forever to finish. Also I hate how Paradox nickle's and dime's it customers. What I mean by this is the first DLC (together for victory) includes many things that should be free included with updates to the game. Such as they added new focus trees, autonomy, changes to the lend-lease, and even a battle log to name a few. Paradox releases partial games all the time, and the only way to get a playable game you are forced to buy all the DLC's , which is slimey for a company to do. I refuse to buy another Paradox game.Short summary is if you want a broken game, that you can't play, this is for you."
76561198174799459,Recommended,394360,23452122,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,thepoomonger,I quite enjoy this game and think it is better than HOI3 in pretty much everyway. The interface is very easy to navigate around and has helpful tooltips for almost everything. Alot better than the excel sheet that was HOI3's UI. The AI is also much improved but can be a bit silly at times. My biggest complaints are that the game can lag really hard once the war breaks out and alot of nations are fighting all at once. This is made worse by increasing the game speed so it forces you to keep the game speed low unless you want sub 30fps. Also the AI is over zealous when it comes to naval invasions. It is extremely annoying to have the allies keep launching these minature 1-2 unit invasions all along the every single one of your coast lines. It is silly really and extremely annoying akin to swatting at flies. Overall I really like the improvements of removing the pointlessly complex and tedious aspects of the previous game and streamlining the UI.
76561198283992056,Recommended,394360,32854229,Posted: 27 June,all,ENEMY W1TH1N,HOI 4 is life
,Recommended,394360,32878847,Posted: 27 June,all,avengedjay,Top game m8
,Recommended,394360,32920320,Posted: 28 June,all,Akatar,"A great WW2 simulator. You can do wat, invading russia as a communist germany cause the soviets are no real communists? yes you can! Nuking every one as gandhi? yes you can!"
,Recommended,394360,32315554,Posted: 10 June,all,Gunam,"This game is amazing. The game includes many units and unit types, and the workshop makes it even better."
76561198009677837,Recommended,394360,27055766,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Council Guy,"After quite extensive playthrough in both vanilla and modded flavours I can say that this game is definitely not the best HOI title yet due to many problems(chiefly the AI and interface),but it is definitely very fun and playable.Maybe not worth the full 40€ price tag,grab it while on sale or wait for the DLC's to come out and get yourself the bundle with those."
,Recommended,394360,29332183,Posted: 17 January,all,normie,it's like if civilization and total war had a baby
76561198131353099,Recommended,394360,26756879,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,daludwig92,If you love hardcore strategy and you love wwII BUY THIS GAME. Mod support is great as well
76561198027050060,Recommended,394360,32457114,Posted: 15 June,all,Butters,"As someone who never played a paradox game and coming from a Total War fandom, this game was really difficult to get into. Learning all the little details that compose a division. Which battalions do you add for soft attack, movement, entrenchment, supply, etc? It can get very complex when your enemy changes their division composition and type on the fly as you sweep across the map. Additionally, how you manage your provinces has an effect throughout the game that must be accounted for early. In total war titles, you can mess up your positioning and city building and still win the battles when you have to. This game is punishing for misteps and rewards the deligent planner. Take your time learning the game and you will enjoy this title."
,Not Recommended,394360,32164194,Posted: 3 June,all,Sweet Whiskey,Alright time to dig my claws into another♥♥♥♥♥♥paradox game.What do you want to hear about first the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI? or the upcoming dlc that will toatally ruin the game for you? Lets start with the AI at a galance it might look great but look closer when you set up frontlines on the border of a country the AI will put them in an uneven alignment making weakpoints in your lines and ruining your defence and when you push it gets better your units will stop their entire advance just to reorginize lines this happens mainly after a breakthough in enemy lines which your units will give up on to go to a province with 1 enemy division on it and 12 friendly divisons aganst it this means either A) you take controll of the break through and use it advantagously or B) your troops move out before you can get them in a good position and by the time you get troops to that weakpoint the enemy has put troops there making that entire push worthless.Now on to the dlc at the time im writing this there are two dlc:togethor for victory and death or dishonor which seem like great expansions but the only thing they add are new focus trees (choices that shape your country) but they cost more than $10 which is what i would pay for a new focus tree at the most really thy should be free and i can only fear this game will be ruined by paradox and their love for money and their hate for loyal fans DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR ANY OTHER PARADOX GAME UNTIL THEY ADMIT THAT THE DLC SHOULD BE FREE AND NOT $20.
,Recommended,394360,32336741,Posted: 11 June,all,viktorrc2,11/10Would Nuke Denmark again
76561198130693370,Recommended,394360,32753961,Posted: 24 June,all,Sanguine,"In my opinion, this game is FANTASTIC. I have a lot of hours in it, somewhere around 230. You will be able to see up there ^. Anyway, this game has recently had some bad reviews due to price increments, the AI being bad, and the piles and piles of DLCs that should be in base game. People are giving bad reviews because there are cons to a game that they like. Of course! All games have some cons, glitches, and problems. Besides the few cons, this game is great! It is a fantastic game that combines strategy, military, and politcal fun. You get to change history, and mange war strategies and the industrial concept of nations to be able to produce weapons and equipment for your troops. It is a flexible military commandment game with multiplayer where you can alternate history. You learn this game more and more and it is very fun and even with the 230 or so hours I have, I am still having a blast and I still don't know what is going to happen. I would highly reccommend this game to anyone even thinking about purchasing. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,394360,32864863,Posted: 27 June,all,Detective Sharpshooter,gud gamez
,Recommended,394360,32873330,Posted: 27 June,all,Ianni1999,Hearts of iron 4 is a good game but it keeps crashing or freezing around mid game please help
,Recommended,394360,23444644,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sid,"Great game, but wait for updates and/or sales.Main complaint is the air management, it's a lot of clicking, maybe have them selectable by shift + drag select? (similar to ctrl + drag select for ships)However, amazing game, I will be playing a lot more of it."
76561198095353259,Recommended,394360,32636066,Posted: 22 June,all,Hamad Khalefa,if you are ww2 fan .. this is a game i recommend.
76561198047611273,Recommended,394360,26495907,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,the_legend848,"Hey, this game. It can either be good or bad. It really depends on you. I like not having enough time and fingers to play, so i play with no pause or anything. Yes i have mods. But you buy vanilla. It is worth paying. This is becasue the size of it. You have to have allies and with allies comes tension. With tesion comes new laws and wars. This leads to massive world wars. Each game can be completly different even when trying to do the same as you did. I recommend getting mods making it bigger but vanilla is worthy a buy. However, it has its bad moments. Like it doesnt make it clear why this is happening. Units wont move because of orgonisation. Doesnt tell you that. If you dont like massive complex games and like it basic, like consol games. Just dont. But if you like a challenge. Size and domination. Like stratagies. Even if you dont. It still really good as it pushes your limit on what your decisons are and the actions you take. Recommend no pause and iron man mode. Speed 3 minimal. Makes it tense. But like i said if you hate stratagies dont. If you like COD then dont because this game will be to complex, saying that so is barbie expolore on ps1 if you like the new CODs.Thanks"
76561198057701554,Not Recommended,394360,28917202,Posted: 1 January,all,mikeyB,"When I had first heard that HOI IV was being developed I expected great things. I had immagined HOI 3 but remastered and tweaked. That would have been great. Though this was not to be. I loaded up the game, selected my country and tried to play. Aside from the different industry, political (or lack of), or social mechanics the game play was utterly monotonous. I could feel the paradox capitalist mathmeticians working their evil ways and creating an empty game, only to fill it with over priced DLC. The base game, is as I said, empty. Theres nothing memorable to it other than the peace deals which create wonkier borders than Gene Wilder could. There is no resistance to any of your (often) evil plans. Want to take over the world as Luxembourg? Go ahead, only beware a slow gritty war that youll win as long as you out produce the AI. Want to be a facist USA? Easy, just elect Donal... I mean assign a facist politician. The fact that we can do this is nice but it's just too easy and the empty game is just unappealing. It seems as though the modding community made most of the game and the developers just rake in cash. I will not recomend this game untill Paradox is no longer EA or Sega, and actually begin doing quality work. #MakeGamingGreatAgain. and remember, irony kills."
76561198161493575,Recommended,394360,23533380,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ivan Yarzov,"A great game. Is leaps and bounds better than HOI3 and very easy to learn if you have played Paradox game before. So many options. If you have ever enjoyed a Paradox game before, this is a must get!"
76561198128113249,Not Recommended,394360,29637468,Posted: 1 February,all,Big Boy Beuford,Terrible game. I wish I didnt go over the 2 hour playtime mark so I could have returned it
76561198060722525,Not Recommended,394360,29640776,Posted: 1 February,all,chandler.ryan98,Terrible! I paid $40 for this game and cannot even play it. The game freezes up and the main menu.
76561198067868498,Recommended,394360,30977609,Posted: 6 April,all,Straywanderer,"This game is amazing, I had it a few months only and got 300 hours on it, love it to bits even if I need to use mods to have fun now but with so many mods, it's not really a problem. The DLC should have been in the original game but the game is amazing so I'm willing to forgive that."
,Recommended,394360,29890766,Posted: 12 February,all,Ivan,"If you want to play this game multiplayer, you're out of luck. There are only 20 servers up all the time and 70% of the time when you join one, a 10 year old bans you straight out of no where. If you want multiplayer, play with friends. Otherwise, the game is pretty fun."
,Recommended,394360,30934226,Posted: 3 April,all,A True Mongol,"Hearts of iron IV is a very fun game in my opinionPROS: Fun, Steam workshop support, Good graphics (it even runs on intel hd4000),Lots of strategy, You can change the path of WW2 history (or history in general), Dank MemesCons: AI can be too easy at times (Just drive a truck to their capital and you win that war), Factions Being really annoying when you are trying for WORLD DOMINATION!, dlc9.5/10. Its one of the best grand strategy games (better that HOI3)"
76561198015747731,Recommended,394360,31128559,Posted: 13 April,all,SäydaNeen,awesome
,Recommended,394360,24432261,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Wo [Vel],"One of my many experinces in-game:>Play as Mexico>Realize I have no infrastructure what-so-ever and only 6 divisions with pre-WWI weapons and horses>Start with sh*t resources... no seriously... how the f*ck does Mexico have 0 steel>Literally have 2 factories to build things with after I traded for resources>Promote Fascism>Militarize the nation and tries to become Nazi Germany 2.0>Declares war on Guatemala in order to realize the dream of a united Central America (and to get more factories)>The United States ruins my fun because of the Monroe Doctrine>Tries to rush all my troops back to the Northern Front before I get annihilated>The US is apparently still in the Great Depression and no one wanted to make guns or fight because stocks>Outproduces the US in guns and men>Restored old Mexican-US borders and made Montezuma proud>Canada tries to save the US but all its divisions are volunteering in Europe trying to save France from Hitler>Annexed the USA as Mexico by early 1940>Annexes Canada with little to no resistance>Almost capitulated because I forgot I was at war with Guatemala>Decides to ship my troops back in time to defend>Proceed to lose 20 divisions because the Royal Navy was sitting outside New York>Annex Guatemala>Realize that I can't do anything without a navy>But then Japan won't Pearl Harbor Hawaii because I have no navy>Gets invitation to join the Axis from Hitler himself>Helps Axis win WWII>No one trying to build walls 70 years in the future because there's no border to build walls for5/5 would ruin history again -But really though, I feel like HoI4 is much more newcomer friendly and easier to get in to than the previous installments. If you are a fan of strategy games and/or WWII history I would say it's definitely worth it."
76561198139420856,Recommended,394360,24627146,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,zaxed5239,"Highly recommened. Although AI is bad at times (lets be honest, most of the time) the game still has me going even if I finished campaigns as most of the major nations and a few minor ones. Nothing can beat becoming Nepal and conquering the Soviet Union in the winter :D.Historical AI focuses is awesome too! Who knew that Mexico invaded the UK in 1939! Wow, them mexicans taught them something.Just one thing. PLEASE HAVE NUKES KILL SOLIDERS. This is extremely annoying and tbh I've rage quit when I nuked london and it had 23 divisions in it and none of them got hurt.All in all, great game. Modding community is fantastic, great game to play with friends as well. I hope Ill see you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing' all the way to Washington D.C. soon!"
76561198078977626,Recommended,394360,28991483,Posted: 3 January,all,Cletis,"Me- ""Now to conquer The world as Greece""Brother- ""Don't you need an Economy first"""
,Recommended,394360,30695512,Posted: 23 March,all,USS Iowa,"I played a bit of this game. I only managed to conquer whole world as Empire of Emus. I established the New World Order with Nazi Germany, I created ultimate, Anime Central Japan. I turned the world red with Trotsky and his Permanent Revolution. I turned the world into UK's Tea Plantation where the Sun Always Shine. I had establshed powerful Pasta Empire. I had made America Great Again. I had made Poland go to space. I still need to make France to work...Sure, AI is wonky. Some things are missing. DLCs are a ♥♥♥♥♥. But the game is sure good and if you enjoy that kind of games, give it a shot."
,Recommended,394360,32907443,Posted: 27 June,all,SpookMERC02,"I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who likes World War II and in general a good ""you can do what you want with the countries"" type game. I play this game a lot with my friends and everytime I do, something new happens. This is an amazing game -- however one thing to note is the AI is quite interesting."
76561198109316885,Not Recommended,394360,33656653,Posted: 19 July,all,Michael Wittmann,"The game wouldn't start up most of the time, and when it did, it crashed in the loading screen.   This is vanilla too."
,Recommended,394360,23529526,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BopkyTa,"Gonna come back in a couple of years after all the DLCs are released. Even though it`s a relatively good game, Paradox went towards arcade/casual mode which is kinda disappointing, especially for diehard fans. A lot of things such as diplomacy, intelligence, army management, supply system, technology system, etc., were either oversimplified or just underdeveloped, of course, they're going to improve it in like 4-5 DLCs. So yeah, if you're okay with paying around $100 more in order to get a playable, well-balanced game then keep calm and wait, wait, wait."
76561198079738670,Not Recommended,394360,28890924,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Imperial,"Alright, where do I start, I get the game, pay the price of 26$. Download it, start up the game, gets to loading graphics and crashes. I spent five hours attempting all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""methods"" of getting this garbage to work. Paradox, burn in hell."
76561198097490161,Recommended,394360,25038713,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Francisco Franco,For me to actually play 67+ hours in a single-player game means something this game is amazing Co-oP multiplayer and whatever this game is amazing as it is the first Hearts of Iron i play i dont have an opinion comparing it to other Hearts of Iron games but anyways do buy this game at a sale or not it is worth it if you like alternete history or just try and do actual history but win as germany japan or take over the world as a Communist super power/Russia etc.
76561198034410900,Recommended,394360,25956090,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kaneki,"> Me and friend play first MP round together> not really used to the game yet>he is Reich, I am Japan>build up army in Japan>declare war on china>get my butt kicked out>join Axis>friend tries to get into France>I lost my war, why not join his?>we invade France>nat. Spain declares war on France>race to Paris begins>cant get through the maginot>declare war on Belgium, go kill France from the north>Britain still not in war>Spain takes most of France>they surrender like french usually do>Peace treaty: Germany gets coast and nothern part, Spain takes south and the Maginot>time to head east>Germany takes Poland, Japan gets one port for my fleet>Japan wants romanian oil>declare war on them>Japan is now a thing in Europe>weird♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, suddenly Germany has soil in Czechoslovakia (which is divided in fascist and comintern parts)>Russian bear gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ attacks Germany offguard>retreat to warsaw>beat off the winter attack of russia>fight them back>Japan has now Krimea and southern parts of USSR>Brits still not in war>US still depressed as ♥♥♥♥ and not giving a single♥♥♥♥♥♥about what happens in europe>10/10 would establish Japan in europe again"
,Recommended,394360,26109039,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Obongu Nowatu,"First Paradox game I had ever bought, fell in love immediatly. This game is simple yet complex, and is not too intimidating when first trying.Base game gets repetitive around the 50 hour mark, but the mod community makes it easy to go over 200. Great mods expand the base game so much that it feels like almost another game.After playing this, i went out and bought all the paradox games i could afford. If you are looking to get into grand strategy games, i would advise to start with this one. Easy learning curve and better visuals than most Paradox Titles.All in all, i would strongly recommend this for any strategy lover or history buff. You know its a good game when you can make Mongolia great again."
,Recommended,394360,31776035,Posted: 15 May,all,TS-CO rest in peace void gamin,"Best RTS Out There. Must Have For WW2 Fans. Must Have For Modern Day Fans.PROS:No HackersDecent AIGreat Maps And Detailing Into The MapsGreat Modding CommunityDecent Multiplayer *Best For RTS, Community Ruins It*Decently BalancedCONS:Bad CommunityGlitchy In Some AreasNot Enough Detail Put Into The Actual Countries *Lots of detail in map*Conclusion;Its a decent game, but if your gonna play multiplayer beweare of the toxic community. The modding community is one of the best on steam, nearly beats Garry's Mod. I think its worth a go if you like ww2 and modern day. *Btw it has WW1 Mods, Modern Day Mods, Wolfenstein Mods, All types of games mods, the mods really make the game worth it*8/10"
76561198018663940,Not Recommended,394360,33351084,Posted: 7 July,all,Aussm-Von Bismark,"The game has been out for a year, the AI has believe it or not gotten wrose. The battle or command AI is totally unable to play the game leaving massive swavs of land open to attack, and if it AI on AI then often there will be places where neither have troops and its just a cluster. The game should have been expanded upon months ago, this level of game breaking issues makes the game nearly unplabable if you can't micro manage everything to correct the mornonic choices of the AI. Its just totally sad, HOI3's battleAI might have broken and lost me 1.5 million men once, but it could beat this games with its processors off and the PC in sleep mode. Paradox needs to fix the featrues that are A)missing or B)broken,the Peace confrence is totally unchanged since release and it also makes the game a map painting sim,to where Germany has to invade the USA after killing Russia, all because their the only Ally left is silly. The game has major flaws which I would have expected Paradox to DLC fix, but even the DLC for this game is suppar with Focus's coming out that Modders make months ago. The Death and Dishonor DLC's only redemining quality was one button that I still havn't even been able to use since the focus's are all things mods gave me months ago. HOI4 is a perfect example of Paradox doing too much and doing it poorly. Just look at the♥♥♥♥♥♥show EU4 has become for futher evidence."
76561198030371352,Recommended,394360,33321566,Posted: 6 July,all,danielprates,"The ratings show that the community (with thousands of reviews) judged this game more-or-less positive, and more recently, 'mixed'. How come Paradox, probably the most wonderful strategy game developer extant, managed to more or less botch the delivery of a highly expected game like this, frustrating so many experient gamers? There is a reason for that.Nowadays we are living times of 'dumbing-down' games. HoI4 suffered from that somewhat. There are new features here that are definitivelly an improvement from HoI2 and 3, but in overall the game seems less.. what's the word I'm looking for? Well, just 'less'.An excellent improvement was the interface that easilly lets you group several units in one big command (even an armygroup-level command), assign it just one leader, and plan an attack  simply dragging the expected end-front for the whole operation and setting an stance for the army. THere is even a pause button, to halt and resume an entire operation. That was an excellent improvement, over the system found in Ho3 (which is good, mind you, but very labor-intensive).Another excellent improvement is towards building equipment, designing templates to your divisions from a batch of said equipment, deploying and training those divisions. I love the system.And also, lets all admit, the game just looks wonderful.But ....This is a case where the sum of the parts equals less than the whole. In all the game feels lacking. In fast tempo, you can end the game in a few hours. There is little to do, since the new policies system reduces your game to unlocking a few lackluster modifiers in slightlly different orders. Managing air units is a bore. Naval units less so, but still. The AI is pretty square, both the enemy as well as your own, when let to manage your operations. Managing land units yourself is, converselly, a little polluted. There is no more of Ho3's brilliant depiction of army organization (everything is either within one big command, or avulse in the world). In a nutshell, the game is kinda pale and bleek. It looks amazing, but it feels empty.How come a game with such an ambitious scope (the world, no less!), with thousands of things to do, managed to feel so empty and devoid of colour?IMO this comes from the perceived feel that a game must appeal to everyone, which is not necessarilly so. People looking for a simple strategic game may get overwhelmed, as people drooling for the good old paradox standard may get disapointed (as was I).And I also take issue with the damn tendency to deliver games tailored to be slowly improved via DLCs, in little ten-dollars increments. DLCs are a welcome thing if they are constantly re-inventing a game (as it happens with CK2 and EU4), but in this case the vanilla game was delivered in a kinda week state and the DLC released so far tend to be more of the 'content pack' type (""but this 10 dollar DLC and play as New Zealand, with half a dozen new cosmetic options for that tiny country! Yeeeaaaayyy"").To sum things up, this game had a lot of potential to be great from the start, but it seems it will take a long road of DLCs to get there, if it gets there at all. A pity: so fat, it is merely 'ok'. It saddens me to see this become the norm for paradox games, once a sacred cow in the already-thin strategy games market.Still... I recomend it, though. Paradox deserves support. I confess I bougth it already antecipating it would be less than great, and that it would take a few years for me to get to like it, after it got more polished. One can only hope."
76561198080097532,Recommended,394360,30066811,Posted: 20 February,all,LunarVoid,"Disclaimer: I haven't played much of the other Paradox series, (Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, etc) and none of the other Hearts of Iron games at all so I can't compare this game to them. Also haven't played the Together for Victory DLC.So, this is one of those games that when you first play it, you just think to yourself; ""What is even happening? There's way too many things I need to keep track of."" So I'm gonna try my best to explain how the game works and things like that.There's two time periods you can choose to start in. Early 1936, or late 1939 if you want to jump immediately into the war.You can play as pretty much any country in the game. From the major powers, such as United Kingdom and Germany, to the smallest country such as Luxembourg. Nothing is stopping you from picking a nation on the world map. Goes without saying, however, that playing a minor nation can severely handicap you in many ways. When starting a new game, you can also toggle something called 'Historical AI' on or off. This basically means that the AI will either do whatever it wants with it's National Focuses (Which we'll talk about soon) or will try to follow the path of history, but don't expect it to be 100% accurate.Now, let's talk about the game's mechanics.National Focus: This is what can essentially start anything. It can be small focuses, such as getting more factories, better infrastructure, etc. to historical events such as Germany remilitarising the Rhineland, signing the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, Japan declaring war on China, and so much more. Interesting to note that all the minor nations (with the exception of Poland) have the same, generic focus tree. Doesn't mean it's completely worthless, but they won't have a unique national focus tree like the major nations. (US, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, and Soviet Russia.)You can only do one National Focus at a time, and it typically takes 70 days for it to complete. With the exception of some focuses that can finish faster, or take longer.Research: This can be anything from equipment such as new guns, support equipment and artillery, tanks, aircraft, ships, and military doctrines. You can also find your industrial and engineering here too. Industrial is where you can research things such as faster construction speed, better factory output and production efficiency, etc. while Engineering is where you research things like radars, encryption and decryption techs, and in the late-game, nuclear bombs.Political Power: This is something that keeps generating points over time depending on how many political actions you are doing. Such as trying to start a coup, boosting another nation's relations with you, etc. The more actions you are doing, the less points you generate. When you have 150, you can do actions such as changing your Conscription law, Economy law, Trade law, and also hiring political advisors that give you bonus stats such as faster construction speed, more Political Power gain, or even the ability to change your government to either Democratic, Communist, or Fascist.Diplomacy: The diplomatic options you have in this game honestly seems a bit dull and boring. If you think nations who are allied to you will sooner or later betray you; don't. They could have all the reasons in the world, but they will never leave your faction, and you can't betray them as well. Especially in the middle of a war. From my experience, you could bring up the world tension extremely high early on such as conquering China as Japan before WWII starts, and even though they will dislike you, the democratic nations will not care at all until you go to war against someone in the Allies.Factories: I'm willing to say that this is the core gameplay element of the game. There are three types of factories: Civilian factories are what build all types of buildings, and are also responsible for trade. These factories are affected by the Economy law. Depending on which law you have, the more/less civilian factories you can actually use.Military Factories are, you guessed it, what produces your weapons. Any of it from simple Infantry guns, tanks, aircraft, support equipment and artillery, etc. All of them require resources, which we'll talk about very soon.Naval Dockyards are the naval version of Military Factories. They produce ships. They also require resources.Resources: The resources in the game are steel, oil, rubber, aluminum, tungsten, and chromium. You can find resources in certain provinces, some having a massive amount, some having a little. Your trade law also dictates how many resources you can use yourself in your country. Limited Exports means 25% of your resources are exported into trade, Export Focus 50%, and Free Trade being a punishing 80%.Manpower: This is the amount of troops you can have on the field depending on how many people live in your country. Your conscription law is what determines how many men you can have in your manpower pool. The harsher your conscription law is, the more men you can get in the military, but also the more penalties you get for your country. Such as slower training time, slower construction speed, and slower factory output.Manpower is what makes up your entire military. You can think of it as your nation's overall 'health pool' of sorts. When a division suffers losses, it draws the amount of manpower it lost from your Manpower pool. If you completely run out of Manpower when divisions need more troops, then you will have weakened divisions until you can get more Manpower, so keep an eye on it.Time to talk about the military combat a bit.Divisions: A division has two bars: A green bar called Organization, and an orange one called Strength. Organization is essentially morale, and Strength is combining manpower, and equipment into a division. Can't have 100% ""health"" for a division without both.The way actual division combat works is mostly a line of divisions on the border of an enemy nation. By putting divisions into an 'army',  you can assign a 'Front line' order to another nation's border and the order will automatically move divisions to the line. This can be annoying for some people, as the game will occasionally move divisions that really didn't need to move to another area of the line. The true appeal to this is assigning another order called 'Offensive line' which when activated, will make all divisions on the border automatically attack, and if you waited for a few days before attacking, gives your divisions an attack boost. You can choose to do this, or if you like micro-managing, you can definitely command your army without it at all.Division combat also takes into consideration the area and weather you fight in. Divisions can suffer attrition if fighting in mountainous terrain, a desert, or even fighting Russia in winter with poor infrastructure. It also takes the stats of basically everything and puts it into battle. The defender's entrenchment, the terrain the defender is standing on, the attacker's attack value increasing with a battle plan, reducing it with the terrain accordingly, etc.Air and naval combat are more automated. Not much to say about it. The nation with the bigger navy wins the battles. And while air combat is a bit more complicated than that, it is essentially the same. If a nation has more fighters than their enemy, they control the sky.I know I missed some features, and while I would definitely love to talk about them in depth, I'm close to the max word limit and thus I can't. Hope reading this review helped you in any way. While this game does have it's flaws and can be hard to get into, it's a great game with a strong modding community and I enjoyed all these hours of playing."
76561198081077399,Recommended,394360,26666601,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Cybran 227,"I love it, however I feel like there will end up being more features in dlc than the game itself. Also the AI is so bad its funny. It is still the most in depth WW2 game I have ever played though I heard that the previous titles were ludicrously complicated. P.S. Please add more descriptions for specific tank models and firearms like the Sherman, M1 Garand, Etc."
76561198094420036,Not Recommended,394360,28283783,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,King Stannis Baratheon,"Whoever looked at this useless♥♥♥♥♥game and said ""Oh, damn, this is an upgrade over HOI3"" should be fired. The AI on this piece of filth is the worst thing since slavery, and said ""AI"" is actually about as intelligent as a dried up pile of frozen squirrel♥♥♥♥♥♥ You cant even give the AI control of a front, because they cannot hold a front for♥♥♥♥♥♥ They will leave gigantic open patches where the enemy can just flood in unopposed and the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AI will just let them, not caring whatsoever.Maybe this game will be worth a rat's♥♥♥♥♥some day, how ever many years down the road that may be. As it stands, its an unfinished, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, regressive piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198035441516,Recommended,394360,32559903,Posted: 19 June,all,Philepay,Write a review for Hearts of Iron IVPlease describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Not Recommended,394360,31252872,Posted: 20 April,all,american278-sabre,"Overview: HOI4 does look good and complex and it is the first Hearts of Iron game, which allows to learn the interface fast and easily. Yet HOI4 is full of major bugs and still nowhere near being playable. Apart from that, HOI4 lacks depth compared to previous installments of Hearts of Iron. As such HOI4 - as a conflict simulation - is game-wise inferior to Hearts of Iron 1- 3.The worst Hearts of Iron of all versions.Want a challenge? Buy HOI3 - avoid HOI4 at all cost."
,Recommended,394360,24260478,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nicklovn,"Holy Guacamole. I love this game. But I also hate it. I will be reviewing Version 1.0 as I haven't had a chance to experience 1.1 yet.PROS:-The post-war diplomacy is really cool. It's no longer just adding wargoals but rather a peace conference in which the victors decide who gets what territory. The nation with the most participation (captured important provinces, killed enemy troops, etc) goes first. Seriously, though, you don't just need to capture stuff to have high participation. As the UK I dominated with the Royal Air Force and I retained about 50% war participation (meaning I did half the heavy lifting). In contrast Germany had something like 90%.-The new production thing works so well. It's a lot of fun. It's no longer just, ""Oh sweet I now have these cool new super lazer guns that can kill Nazi warlocks (just kidding about the lazer guns and Nazi warlocks), let me just upgrade everyone.""Pretty much, the system is like this:You're producing infantry equipment. Your factories can produce 160 infantry equipment per day (note this isn't just the guns). You research improved equipment. If you switch over you'll be producing something like 20 per day due to your factories not retaining as much efficiency.So you need to decide. Do I start making the switch? And that's up to you! So you might slowly start transferring factories over to the new weapons systems depending on how much production is needed of the old equipment and whether or not you have a bunch of the old equipment stored away (there is a whole logistics screen which is super helpful with this).-There's more fun with diplomacy. You can more easily stage a coup.-Lend Lease makes a lot more sense than in HOI3. It's no longer the US giving factories but rather the US sending equipment. What's cool is that if you send a bunch of advanced armor to a nation that gets defeated, they will lose their equipment and suddenly your enemy is rolling around with that armor (as soon as they train their soldiers to use it).-The air map is so much easier to use but far less detailed. This is both good and bad. No more specific time frames for missions.-^To add. You also have a much clearer image of how many planes you have at your disposal. In HOI3 it was just ""3 wings"" and you'd be getting stacking penalties.CONS:-Fix the Navy screen please please please! It was so easy to divide and organize navies in HOI3. It was just a screen that popped up and two arrows which you could use to move ships from one list (Navy 1) to the other (Navy 2). Now, when you select a navy at port you see like two ships and it's just not as pleasant to organize them.-The weather isn't as complex as in HOI3. Or maybe it is but you don't see it. You could track entire storm systems in HOI3 and predict when the best time to attack was. Now it just shows up. I don't know if I can anticipate a storm system but it just seems like some clouds move in and that's that.-The AI digs so much. Basically they break through the enemy line and just keep moving even though the frontline is stuck far behind them. This is super annoying because they then pour troops into it and relax.-I want the old NATO things with the HOI3 style where they just look like a stacked tower of squares. The new UI hides a lot of the borders when you zoom out. I.e. all the attacking counters and unit stacks just block everything. And yes, even the NATO counters in HOI4 do this.All in all, though, i highly recommend this game. It's a lot of fun. Currently still kickin♥♥♥♥♥and takin names with The UK. I'm leading my air campaign and in a year and a half of war have managed to keep my casualties under 2000 even after several battles against Nationalist Spain.PS, did Paradox mean fatalities instead of casualties? I keep reading that and wondering if some of those guys went back to fight. But the skull implies that they died, no?"
,Recommended,394360,29275865,Posted: 15 January,all,DinosaurXL,This game is awesome. Buy it.
76561198093868698,Recommended,394360,30875430,Posted: 1 April,all,harveyduffy,"I love this game, the historical accuracy is amazing, and not only that but it is one of the most grossing stradegy game on the market for a reson! The nations are varied, the mod campability is great and I personally would recommend this to everyone I know. Please buy the game and see for yourself, you could be communist, fascist or even democractic (not counting the mods which allow different ideologies)."
76561198106011641,Recommended,394360,32230553,Posted: 6 June,all,ADIEOV,"After I played EU4 I fall in love with paradox games, when I saw this game in steam in my recommendations I decided to play it and I was not disappoined I was very excited for HOI4 when it was released in the Summer of 2016 thanks paradox for the memories."
76561198044929799,Recommended,394360,32414704,Posted: 14 June,all,yes,its very very nice strategy game yes very many mods very gooood
76561198083647713,Recommended,394360,32047405,Posted: 29 May,all,MeatDepartment,"Very fun, and the harder difficulties make the game an enjoyable challenge. You also get to play as any nation which makes it that much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,394360,31885084,Posted: 21 May,all,Poo in Lungs,"If you never played a Paradox or a Hearts of Iron game, this is a great game to start.Set in the prelude and during WW2 Hearts of Iron 4 offers a great freedom in terms of tactical and strategical decisions. For example, while playing as Japan you have the option to either go to war with China or make them your puppet. If you do decide to go to war you have multiple ways of going about it. Should you either starve the from supplies by raiding their naval convoys and bombing their factories before taking a land offensive or go balls deep into the enemy frontlines with your divisions full of artilery support combined with air superiority or even multiple naval invasions is your choice. As the game can be started in either early 1936 or mid 1939, there is a lot of potential for replayability escpecially with the fact that you can choose any of the available countries in the world meaning that you can do stuff such as making USA communist, breaking free of British rule as India (if you have the Together for victory DLC) or recreating the Roman empire as Italy. The only real issue with the game I have is the multiplayer which unless played with friends is painfully slow and frustrating as well as the fact that the game slows down a lot in longer games due to the sheer amount of units present in the map world. Even though there are issues in the base game there are an incredible amount of mods in the workshop which either aim to fix those issues (like the AI or end war confences) or completely revamp the game world adding new countries or alternate timelines like the mod Kaiserreich ( which I highly reccomend to try) which takes place in a timeline where Germany won WW1 and the mod is arguably more developed than the base game.Overall a good game especially for newbie to grand strategy games but might lack longevity for experienced player however it holds great potential in the modding community. Would reccomend to try out and if you're not sure about how to play it check out some YouTube guides and letsplays, for me they got me into the game and other paradox games."
,Not Recommended,394360,32626050,Posted: 21 June,all,skabooble,"I purchased the game not too long ago when it was in the 1.3.2 build, at a rather hefty price of S$34.99. With consideration of the game engine, I honestly believe the price should not have exceeded S$20, which would've been a rather reasonable price for a renowned game in the RTS industry. Regardless, I bought the game with high expectations and enjoyed the time I have spent on it especially with all sorts of mods. Recently, I noticed the price has shot up to an exorbitant amount of S$56.49 with DLCs ranging from prices S$13.99 to S$20.99. While DLCs are not mandatory to make the gameplay enjoyable, the lack of diversity in the base game is worrying. Without mods, I am certain a day worth of gameplay will surely bore me to death. Thus, seeing how Paradox has further worsened their marketing strategy by increasing the prices of all products exponentially, I continue to lose faith in their future games. Unless you're filthy rich, I advise strongly to not purchase the game at all. It is not worth at its current price level and will continue to be so."
,Recommended,394360,23438246,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kynereth,"Field Marshal Rommel's Heeresgruppe Nord, Sud, and Ost (combined in one large army calledHeeresgruppe Reich) comprised of 300 divisions of combined infantry, mountain, mechanized, and panzer. Over 3000 close air, heavy air, and strategic bombers. Swept into Winter War to answer the call of the Anti-Comintern Pact with Finland. Huge Mistake. Now it's 1943 and the USA has entered the war. Over 2 million have died on the eastern front, and the United States have landed on the west coast of France. Rommel's army is stretched too thin and losing ground against the onslaught of the Soviet war machine.Haven't had this much fun with tactical grand strategy in years.One of those games were you want to play for ""just five more minutes""."
76561198051880883,Recommended,394360,23438303,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,gak,"Greatest world war 2 simulator ever , the sanbox possibiltes are endless , facist USA , Communist France , and the tech trees  and national focus are well fleshed out. My fav thing is combat has no dice roll so the whole game is your strategy. Also the UI is great and easy to read."
,Recommended,394360,23443617,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kestoren,"The next generation in Grand Strategy gaming, unbelievable step up from Hearts of Iron III. This newer version in the series of Hearts of Iron provides the more improved and updated Clausewitz Engine bringing in the effects and graphics from Europa Universalis IV. I have extensively played multiple games from Paradox Interactive and they just keep getting better and better, trust me when I tell you that they are one of the best companies for strategy gaming, whether it is real time strategy or the luxurious Grand Strategy. Hearts of Iron IV does miss out on some of the tiny aspects of Hearts of Iron III but it incorporates a hell of a lot more. This shows that Paradox does keep in the major aspects of what gamers want out of their game, I had been waiting 2 years for this game to come out since I first played Hearts of Iron III and really got into it, and it seems that Paradox Interactive have served up to their words when they wanted to bring the next generation of World War 2 Warfare to our feet, not only bringing out an excellent game, they brought out an exquisite soundtrack, which also happens to have a few songs specific to certain nations such as a certain song sung in Battle of the Bulge for the Germans with that to exception a few classicals for Soviet Russia. Enjoyable and excellent, keep it up Paradox and definitely get this game if you want to enjoy a long enjoyable military remake of WW2."
76561198032213815,Recommended,394360,23443712,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Exwin,"I highly recommend this, if you like strategy games.I was a fan on HoI3 and was skeptical when this was announced...After a let's play video I realised I was mistaken. Bought it the next day and have loved every moment of it."
,Recommended,394360,23446017,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,jeff,"Better than Hearts of Iron 3 in every way. It is a solid game for just being released, and I'm looking forward to it getting even better. Lots of fun."
76561198249160528,Recommended,394360,23446379,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NdLam,"Epic Grand Strategy Game for sure, but they should add more photos of the generals and the commanders of the countries. Overall is fantastic."
,Recommended,394360,23428095,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Marshall of the Templars,"A Political Revolution Is Coming! Play as the Soviet Union to impose your glorious socialist views on the world, and make those who stand in your way ""Feel the Bern"" :P"
,Recommended,394360,23428325,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,ComradeWalrus,Good introduction to the serie. Plays really well until end-game where the game lags because there's too many units. Other than that the game is good.
76561198140262809,Recommended,394360,23446563,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,METROSWAT,"This game is just like the videos, BAD♥♥♥♥♥!!!! Its so fun and you can fund political parties in other countries and have coups the usa can even fall to communism and when germany falls to communism it turns into the DDR just like real life!!!! ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198289853968,Recommended,394360,23427652,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,chenduy,this game is more enjoyable than HOI 3.
76561198153594493,Not Recommended,394360,32206589,Posted: 5 June,all,CrabNicholson,"The whole game can be summed up as: draw an arrow to win.There's no actual tactics or strategy necessary if playing against AI. Just design a brigade of 2+ artillery, fill the rest of the 20 width out with infantry, spam these guys out, and they'll roll over the map. You can do this with a country as small as Hungary to conquer the world, without any actual strategy whatsoever, it's absurd.Multiplayer is even worse, since it all comes down to who Germany allies with. If Germany allies with USSR, then England is screwed. If Germany allies with England, then USSR is screwed. If Germany can't find any allies, then Germany is screwed. the balance is just not there for a multiplayer match either.A huge disappointment of a wargame."
,Not Recommended,394360,32546001,Posted: 18 June,all,dare0021,"Normally I would never even thing of handing out a negative review for ""bad GUI""But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this was not designed by human beingsEither that or they had no UI designer so the programmer got to do whatever it was easiest for him to do"
,Recommended,394360,32514856,Posted: 17 June,all,NerdByFate,"Every time a Paradox game gets DLC, every guy and his mom comes out to slam the game with bad reviews. Yes, I agree that the DLC is overpriced, but you have to understand that no one is forcing you to buy the DLC. If you really want all of the focus tree revamps, you can just get mods! When you think about it that way, there is very little reason to buy the DLC. The base game is just fine and almost all of the actual gameplay mechanics are there with just the free updates that Paradox has provided us."
,Recommended,394360,27021101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flour,Nominated for the The “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award for the Steam Awards event.
,Recommended,394360,31827746,Posted: 18 May,all,Kauer Gaming,Horrific AI but fun. For perspective the US and Commonwealth declared war on me (Commie Brazil) along with the soviet union over the invasion of Ecuador in the middle of 1942 with the war against the germans ravaging them.
76561198129120428,Recommended,394360,29300696,Posted: 16 January,all,M'aiq the liar,noice
,Recommended,394360,34050735,Posted: 5 August,all,Spy C,hitler
,Recommended,394360,32403337,Posted: 13 June,all,remove chaos cucks,"Do you enjoy war but don't want to get your hands dirty? Then this game is exactly for you! Take a seat as any nation that existed in 1936 and try to ruin the world as much as possible. From installing fascism everywhere from Timbuktu to Kalamazoo, to staging various communist coups across the world and making earth into a commie hellhole where fun is illegal and food is even more illegal than fun. It has a much better combat system than Europa Universalis IV and is a much better game in general seeing as how you cannot make a communist pakistan come about in EUIV. You will have hours of fun with friends and also yourself, especially with mods (which there are plenty of).This game is a solid 8/10 and takes some time to get used to like all paradox games except for maybe stellaris which is one of the easiest paradox games I've played."
76561198031432242,Not Recommended,394360,32515124,Posted: 17 June,all,DisgruntledCoffee,Broken AI renders this game unenjoyable after a few playthroughs. It's a shame they haven't bothered to fix it.
76561198067636019,Recommended,394360,28853569,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,zach2373,This is a great game for people that want something a little more complicated and battle/war focused than Civ.
,Recommended,394360,23429801,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Tickinq,"I came 1,945 times."
,Recommended,394360,23898426,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✠ Crowley,This game is good but until there is no Holocaust DLC and more Music DLCS its a bit poor
76561198043680978,Not Recommended,394360,31811907,Posted: 17 May,all,DolceFragola,"Almost one year after release this game is still very unfinished and major issues are still not solved. There's good stuff in there but there's no way they're gonna fix anything in the foreseeable future, not if the patch/DLC history of the game is any indication.HOI4 was a very ambitious project but now, it's pretty clear that it was released way too early. The National focus idea, while elegant, doesn't work: the AI still can't deal with them correctly but it's not going away anytime soon because their business model is based on selling 4 new NFs every six months. It's a weird mix of inflexible (every 70 day, some major world development will happen somewhere) and crazy ahistorical. All it does is satisfy people who want a map painting game and not a WW2 war game, if the upcoming Death & Dishonour DLC is any indication: why sure, let's allow you to restore Austria-Hungary somehow, instead of fixing game mechanics that don't work.Other parts of the game don't work either but might be solved in theory. As it stands, politics, naval warfare, air warfare, logistics, the economy/resources are a mix of broken and simplified to uselessness, while espionage, economy, chain of command and other things are just not implemented. Some of these, like the air war, come from great ideas plagued with poor execution. More stunningly, others aspects worked at least decently in HOI3 but were scrapped instead of being improved. Take the chain of command: dealing with armies, fronts, corps, etc., would make tons of sense with the new front line system, but it's gone, so now everything has to be stacked in huge incomprehensible armies with randomly changing fronts. There are historical things that make no sense at all, like Free France controling all French colonies, which is even more mind-boggling because they were fine even back in the first HOI and could easily be scripted to work.Oh, and the AI... Yes, I know, it's easy to criticize the AI, it's never gonna be good. I never expected the AI to act like von Manstein, especially given the brand new front line system. All I expected was that the AI countries should, for the most part, be capable of achieving roughly historical results within a reasonable timeline and offer some opposition to human players. We're... not here yet. In all honesty, it's improved a lot in the past year. Germany actually conquers France now, and Italy isn't conquered by the UK by 1940 at the latest. By the next patch, it's likely that there won't be these Great Saharan Campaigns anymore, because they will just make the Sahara inaccessible. And maybe eventually enemies long front lines won't be filled with 1 division provinces + a couple of 10-20 division stacks moving up and down the front for no reason. So we're moving forward.However, the fact that it took them until now to implement relatively simple fixes tells a simple tale: if we're not quite there a year later, then it wasn't ready on release. Releasing a WW2 game where AI Germany cannot replicate the 1939-1940 campaigns was insulting and defeats the entire premise of the game. The fact that they started selling the game before dealing with gamebreaking problems in the AI has affected the entire post-release development history of the game. Instead of fixing features that don't work, they're stuck with overhauling the AI while selling National focuses tied to minor features to make a few more bucks. That's inexcusable.Oh and the graphics are so over-the-top I can't run them on my computer so it looks worse than HOI3.The only arguable positives are stability (it crashes far less than HOI3), the production system, the less abstracted research paths (ya sometimes the names don't quite fit but that's 100 % cosmetic), the design companies/ministers, and the fact there's slightly less micromanagement to do (before, you had to move every single division forward province by province all the way across Russia, now you just have to prevent the AI doing stupid stuff, which is harder than it sounds because it keeps overriding your orders). There were a lot of good ideas behind this game but they failed to implement them correctly and they don't intend to fix them -- and why would they when they can milk useless DLCs?Sure, this game can be fun. If it was more of an arcade game maybe I wouldn't mind some of the silliness. But it is a HOI game, it's part of a franchise of increasingly complex and realistic wargames, and it betrays the tradition that this name carries. Please don't buy this game."
,Recommended,394360,34584810,Posted: 29 August,all,Reich,>play Romania>don't do anything the entire game>hungary declares war on romania>german reich declares war on romania>soviet union declares war on romania>united states declares war on romania>romania declares war on romania>successful defensive war 42-44>one lone japanese troop somehow walks to my capital>romania has capitulatedA day in Romania 10/10
,Not Recommended,394360,32685794,Posted: 23 June,all,Eragaxshim,"Great game I love it.However it is insanely broken. Without mods fixing the AI, it is just a pure ♥♥♥♥♥how. Yeah you can lol a bit but it's all so poorly managed that it has become to laughable to take seriously.Furthermore, the content/price ratio of the new DLCs is despicable. Just ♥♥♥♥ing despiciable. Goddamnit Paradox, I thought when I bought this game I would get something in return, but the sad fact is that it is a broken game with DLCs that don't fix it and cost way too much."
,Recommended,394360,34390219,Posted: 21 August,all,thelight,"It hasn't the depth of the HoI 3 because of the comfortable management systems and a too generalised tech-tree, but if you realise, that it's an opportunity to focus more to your goals instead of the micro-management, it's a great game."
76561198060528541,Recommended,394360,23638982,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,jaymo76,"I have played this game for 43 hours and as a person who loves history, enjoyes Paradox games, and is a big fan of strategy gaming, this game is a lot of fun.  Being brand new to the series this game has a massive learning curve.  You will be lost and frustrated for many, many hours,  The tutorial is an insult to tutorials as you learn nothing.  My advice, just keep plugging away and when you ""get it"" you will really love the game.  The truth of the matter is that the game is highly addictive.  I have had 5 nights were I have played well over 7 hours at a time.  Everything becomes ""just one more battle then I will stop...""As to the A.I. well yes, it's a bit wonky.  Do things need to be patched?  Definitely!  Right now the game is fun.  However, new to the series even I can see it's about 2-3 DLC expansions from being considered a great game.  That being said, if you have $40 to spare, I fully reccomend this game."
76561198005952412,Recommended,394360,29988193,Posted: 17 February,all,Wombles,"A good lot of people not recommending this game have put a couple houndered hours play time in it, which makes me wonder why you would put that much time into a game you wouldn't recommend or don't like.But as for my self i would and have recommended the game to loads fo people and still would, i have played this game 462.8 hour's at time of writing this and that's going to get alot higher for sure. I don't have many games i could say that about, in fact my son bought Call of Duty and completed it in less than 24 hour's.If your thinking about buying this game and or having second thought's there are plenty of you tube videos out there that will give you an idea of what it's like. You could also head over too the Hearts of Iron IV forums and at the top of the page there is aar's thread with videos and write up's about game play from member's play throughs.The only problem i have with this game is finding time too play it. :("
,Recommended,394360,31392512,Posted: 27 April,all,Rick Sanchez C-137,"Very good game, very hard to learn but a lot of fun. 10/10.The DLC together for victory is too good but i think its not that much thinks for that big price 8.5/10"
,Recommended,394360,32548778,Posted: 18 June,all,DEUS VULT,"This game is really hard to understand at first but when you get used to it it is very fun!It is very realistic and very very strategic, you will feel like a general :)It is historically accurate and the AI is kinda dumb :(you can take advantage of that but when you will meet real players on multiplayer, you will be destroyed!8/10 i have perfomance drop with the 1936 scenario i don't know why..."
76561198093692459,Recommended,394360,23428198,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mmaatt,-Play as commie paraguay-Annex Bolivia-Annex Argentina-Annex Uruguay-Annex Peru-Annex Brazil-Get anal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 'merica11/10 would have gringo♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
76561198110469231,Recommended,394360,31017057,Posted: 8 April,all,DED (CEO of Jar-A-Tea),"Oh sweet jesus. I love this game to pieces.Regardless of whether i'm playing as a fascist dictator or a communist revolutionary, there is always something new to try.Except for Spain.RIP Republicans."
76561198182038597,Recommended,394360,33208032,Posted: 3 July,all,yurka_hunter,"Good game! You can start to play at 10:00 AM, play 20 minutes, and realize that it's 2:00 PM. If you like strategy, it is worth your money. Get it!"
76561197972180550,Not Recommended,394360,29149885,Posted: 9 January,all,Santapause,"A good game, if you can get it to run properly. I sure as hell can't. I have a i7 6700k OC'd at 4.6 GHz, 32 GB ram and a GTX 1070, yet still the framerate very quickly drops below 20. Especially late-game, or if you are controlling a large nation. I really thought they had fixed the issues since HOI3, but sadly, no."
76561198089710414,Recommended,394360,32229618,Posted: 6 June,all,BOT Bacon,"One of the greatest games of all time. As a history buff especially on this time period and a staunch Alternate Historian, I can enjoy sitting down and altering the course of history to my fullest extent. However, the game has become unplayable without mods. the devs have ignored the call for better AI and continue releasing redundant DLC that has free alternatives on the workshop. You need mods that fix issues paradox will not, which i despise. The devs should not leave it to the modders to fix the game. it is the duty of the modders to have fun making new scenarios, countries, etc. and it is the devs job to fix their freaking game! so Paradox, please, fix the goddamn game so I the modders dont have to worry about cementing the foundation."
,Recommended,394360,29154606,Posted: 9 January,all,The NileCroc,"The game is pretty cool. It's a cake walk compared to Europa Universalis IV and Victoria II. Might be interesting for people who want to get into Paradox games. But be WARNED. Two things will burden you if you commit yourself to Hearts of Iron IV.One: DLCIt's going to come. And there's going to be lots of it. Not as much as TS2017 but still a lot. Get ready to destroy your pleb bank accountTwo: The communityIf you look at a new HOI4 update, please don't stray into the comments. As this game is related to World War II... Yeah, Marxists and Fascists. Idiots and Bigots. Don't even stray into the comments of the Steam Workshop mods. Even something as innocent as a historical flag overhaul can get... really bad.Overall 9/10for people whose brain hurt too much when they play EU4 (me)"
76561198006308224,Not Recommended,394360,34538203,Posted: 27 August,all,David Badger,"A DLC bilking game that is very poorly optimized. i don't know if it's mods that do it but, this game CTD's around 1942 fairly constantly. the map starts sticking (naval view, airforce view) and glitches with random colors and strange squares very often around '42 as well. i can mess with the different map buttons and get it to go normal again sometimes but i usually have to reload the game to fix it. i've sent maybe 75 crash reports in the last 2 weeks as i was trying this game out again. pretty high price to pay for a game that runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥still to this day. the good news is, you can buy a bunch of content that will need patches that ♥♥♥♥-up everything but never help stability.i've uninstalled it again. more of a pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥to play than an enjoyable game."
76561198059934988,Recommended,394360,28622849,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Julien,"Comparing with previous versions, we can tell that the obvious obsession of the developpers, for this opus, was to reduce micro-management as much as possible. One could argue that it makes the game simpler and leave less knobs for us to play with, and we could certainly criticise many details. But as a whole I think it makes this game a much more enjoyable experience than HoI3.My main reproach for this game would probably be the fact the UI gives very little information, with in particular no EUIV-style ledger. I hope this, like many other little details, will get fixed in later patches. Indeed the game is still a bit young (version 1.3 went out a few day ago with the first DLC, but I haven't tried it yet), and we know that Paradox will keep on improving this game for years and produce many DLC like they're used to do.I haven't tried multiplayer nor mods, but note that those two features exist and leave some room for a very different experience."
76561197977576330,Recommended,394360,23577789,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,This game is like Risk or Axis and Allies on steroids.
,Recommended,394360,23595377,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,quaZa,"Best HoI i have played so far. It's a bit buggy atm but knowing Paradox, they will fix most of it shortly. This game will be awesome once some free content and DLC's are introduced."
,Recommended,394360,23593454,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,cykro,"I like it.It's simplified compared to previous titles, but I wouldn't call it OVERsimplified. They mostly just removed some really tedious aspects. Certain things I miss a little, but I won't cry my heart out over them, I'm enjoying the game a lot as it is.Of course there are some issues with the game, but it's mostly the balancing of certain aspects and countries. It's a little too easy in it's current form if you abuse the unbalanced stuff (naval bombing, port bombing, teleporting bombers, doom stack navies). Hopefully they will spend some time balancing it in the coming patches.The UI can feel clunky at first, but it gets better once you familiarize yourself with it. Still, some work could surely be done there.The game is also remarkably stable for a fresh release, and I've encountered very few bugs.So, yeah, I recommend it."
76561198128779448,Recommended,394360,27297079,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WestieBeast,My names Jeff.
,Not Recommended,394360,32522515,Posted: 17 June,all,Von Mackensen,"Price Hikes to profit off summer sale, games barely playable without DLC's.Paradox has awesome games and a loyal customer fan based, but we don't like to feel milked out of our money."
76561198060037685,Recommended,394360,32521615,Posted: 17 June,all,JtheStar,I like it
,Recommended,394360,34489710,Posted: 25 August,all,SpookManF12,Plays GermanyTried to take over PolandPoland takes overmeme/10 ign rating
,Not Recommended,394360,28442458,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,NateDogg,"Game is absolutely unplayable in vanilla - glitches basically rule the game and half the time I feel likeI'mthe one having to run the program for Paradox, as I often have to go spalunking in the Console to make the game do anything resembling historic accuracy. Peace Treaties are the most prominent issue, and whoever's the biggest nation who happens to be present is going to be calling the shots. Regardless of your, or anyone elses' effort.Playing as Fascist Mexico is a good example of how a great idea can turn awful in practice. By 1941, War started between Me and America, and I took over Washington after a Brutal 4 year long war. By 1945 - Germany gets to puppet all of America, and you'll be lucky to get Texas in your border, even though not a single german Boot, Tank, Plane, or Ship was anywhere close to the Western Hemisphere.France will navally invade Hamburg in 1941 and WIN, reaching all the way into Brandenburg before they get stopped, while England will throw all of its troops to Egypt, and will spend all of their time trying to invade Vichy-Controlled Syria. Don't worry about Africa, though - Italy will take over the entire continent by 1942... and then lose it a month later to U.S volunteers.You'll see Japan in the middle of Sudan, marching in actual circles while they lose Korea to the Chinese, and see Manchuko infantry sit in Poznan, halfway across the actual planet, watching Germany lose to the Soviets in 1942.Then England will navally invade Bremen for the billionth time, hitting Berlin by 1943 and Czechoslovakia annexes Bavaria in the peace treaty.Nothing makes any sense, but it happens anyway.The game is immensely fun as you go into it, but it just gets awful fast. At the end of a war, or two - You'll wish you never came across the title. The Frusteration that comes about at the end of the fun completely nullifies it. Any good moments you can remember back on are overshadowed on how angry you were when the Soviet Union got to annex Japan, or when Yugoslavia got to annex all of Austria and Italy.Vanilla is the most boring thing I've ever put myself through, and I regret purchasing it. Modding community is fantastic though, and the game has a lot to offer in the workshop field. Even then - you can just get the same effect with Eu4 with an extended timeline mod. The only positive is politics, as it seems to be an improvement since hoi3.Combat, Leaders, Factions, Economy, and functionality have all gone 10 steps backward, however.It's so weird. The only fun thing I can find in Hoi4 whatsoever are total overhaul mods, that are based in Alternate History and other such things, like KaiserReich, or Emperor of the World. Hoi4 is aWorld War 2 game- whereWorld War 2isn't a good feature.Basically - It's like they took all of the interesting aspects from Hoi3 - removed them, and then added a shiny, sparkly font to try and hide it. Hell - even Hoi2 outclasses it in terms of playability.Why is the game so broken, but Paradox is releasing expensive DLCs and Updates every 4 months?Because they don't care.I can't recommend this game, even with mods - because a game should be at leastplayablewithout them."
76561198074282639,Not Recommended,394360,29746186,Posted: 6 February,all,Razordragon200,"Paradox's DLC has spread to this game, therefore the game without DLC will become horrible, unless you'll drop loads of money."
76561198174588186,Recommended,394360,28424688,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,P3RZIB3L,If you like rts you should buy this gae
76561198069590214,Recommended,394360,23429650,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Fredrick William III,It's like EU4 with guns.
76561198039856731,Recommended,394360,24113552,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SmeggyEggyDip,"I turned the Soviet Union fascist and conquered Europe and Asia.I likey alot.Its like Hearts of Iron 3 but with good graphics, sick performance and no bugs."
76561198107670374,Not Recommended,394360,25747245,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Chocolate Starfish,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198051151803,Recommended,394360,23994540,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,negrutalex,"Much better than HOI 3.Positive: easier supply system, easier trade, can manage some divisions of the army even if AI has control over the entire army.Negative: inteligence system is quite poor, AI pulls out some strange moves even if playing on historical focus.All in all I recomend this game. I'm confident it will get better with the next patches and DLC."
76561198277239790,Recommended,394360,23454590,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GingerGamer,This is a good game and paradox does it again and gives World War 2 with respect and is very accurate.I would give it a 9 out of 10 with some tweeks it can be a great game.
76561197998255697,Recommended,394360,23454817,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,KrisJay,Conquer the soviets as a puny Baltic State or kick Hitler in the nuts as the USORShow the world the power of German war machine and squash everything in your waySteep learning curve incuded in the package.Would buy again!10/10
,Recommended,394360,29532178,Posted: 27 January,all,Dax Corso,"In this game you can take over The World as Lexumbourg and go against history in so many ways. The mods are fan-damn -tastic, I love the Great War Mod."
76561198000867337,Not Recommended,394360,23553977,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,*****,"This is a good, and well thought out game in principal but I cannot recommend it because it's not really ready for release. Fairly basic actions, like sorting tables of information cause very frequent crashes and sometimes these crashes result in a loss of saved game files, which is very frustrating. I'd wait for a few patches before buying."
76561198061497616,Recommended,394360,23725631,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CheezeWafflz,Pros:- Complex but understandable- awsome graphics- MP is crazy (in a good way)- games can be compleatly random if you turn off Historical AI- unlimited modding/update potenial- most ideas you think of you can doCons:- AI is currently stupid- Single player can get lonley over a long period if timeSorry for english :/
,Recommended,394360,24158034,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mild Mannered Manatee,"Very good right now, likely to only get better from here on out with Expansions."
,Not Recommended,394360,26701840,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Chihayafuru,Too dumb.
76561198006636410,Recommended,394360,23438738,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,(R.I.C)Yuir,"Pros:- Beautiful. Every inch of the map has been rendered perfectly. You can perfectly differentiate hills, forested hills, rivers, night factors on the map and it does help your strategy before and during the war.- Attention to detail in history. Weapon icons, ships, manufacturers of the time, etc; everything is taken in consideration when they make a nation.- All countries are playable and can give interesting game storylines. From Argentina to Australia.Cons:- Their planning system felt clunky to me. There was a lot of border gore and many of my troops were captured by the enemy not because my plan failed, but because the AI simply refused to work.- End-game is very clumsy. Framerates drop a lot after the USA enters the war for some reason."
,Recommended,394360,23540463,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Kerchoo,If u want to have fun play multiplayer. Singleplayer can be boring.
76561198169612983,Recommended,394360,23491274,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dannyboy,"This game is a very good improvement on Hearts of Iron 3, and is good for anyone who likes paradox games, such as europa universalis and victoria. Once you understand the basics of the game and how to play it, it will become easy and very fun. This game has amazing replay value, and endless possibilities, which is the reason why most people have over 1000 hours on the game.If you are a fan of the paradox series, than definately buy."
,Recommended,394360,23995610,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HFL,"Awesome game. I would only hope for DLC releases to be able to create client/puppet states (such as the nation creator from EUIV).Totally worth it, especially for those known with Paradox style gaming :D"
,Recommended,394360,24151335,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Chard420,"Played over 100 hours wicked game, few bugs in ai and needs tweaks with ui but paradox listen and will fix. A massive game thats easy to play hard to master. BUY IT DONT THINK JUST DO"
,Recommended,394360,28419394,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Luebbers,I've never enjoyed being so terrible at something so much.
,Recommended,394360,31715854,Posted: 12 May,all,ass man,"Fantastic game, basically endless fun. All negative reviews are from HOI3 losers who think that everyone should have to want to micromanage their life away,Get the game, tell your friends to get the game.And if you have 300+ hours of the game, why are you writing negative reviewslosersget the game"
,Not Recommended,394360,35185420,Posted: 24 September,all,Reaux Of The Fire Caste,If you're a fan of complex strategy games and WW2. This game is a really good choice for you to pick it up. But beware of the Paradox's DLC policy(which is just releasing the game in  parts and selling them to you to feed their hunger) if you have a obsession to buy all the DLCs of a game. Your purse gonna bleed
,Not Recommended,394360,32516856,Posted: 17 June,all,Bob Budowniczy,"Copypasted from my CK2 review.Paradox recently raised the price of their products in a bunch of countries (Russia, China, Brazil, Turkey, India, Canada, the EU,...).The price increase go from 25% to 100% and it's for all their games, old ones too.By freaking miracle we're not affected here in Switzerland and thanks God for that because the price of living is high enough.I wanted to do this review by solidarity with customers of other countries. If you're from one of the affected countries, you should think twice before buying anything (not on VERY important sales, keeping in mind the increase) from them.A lot of people have already done such review but every voice counts. I've defended Pdox on some of the things they did and honestly, I don't feel ashamed to have done it, but this move is just terrible.Here's a price tracker and an example from the forum :https://steamdb.info/pricechanges/http://i.imgur.com/daWq94w.pngList of countries (from the forum too) :BrazilCanadaChileChinaColombiaEu CountriesHong KongIndıaIndonesiaJapanMalaysiaMexicaNew ZealandNorwayRussiaPeruPhilippinesSaudi ArabiaSingaporeSouth AfricaSouth KoreaTaiwanThailandTurkeyUAEUnited KingdomThe thread :https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/price-increase.1022680/"
,Not Recommended,394360,32706730,Posted: 23 June,all,Stadt,"So, I purchased this game under the impression that it would be a nice, fun experience for me.Boy, was I wrong.So it looks great in-game, and Paradox did a great job with the design. However what ticked me off was the sheer complexity of the game and it hits you right as you start a new game. It is EXTREMELY overwhelming.I really wish I could like this game, I really do.So I attempted to learn the game through videos and tutorials on YouTube, but I then realised that this game is so confusing and complex that the videos were split into many parts, each at least fourty-five minutes long. That REALLY ticked me off.So, unless you want an extremely overwhelming and complex game to pimp-slap you right in the face, don't buy this."
76561198079250812,Not Recommended,394360,33483943,Posted: 12 July,all,CPT.DANNY,i'd like to raccomand this game ( because i really love it ) but pardox is gone full EA with it's DLCs by blocking basic game functions behind microDLCs (with so little content that it is disgusting) that basically function as paywalls.i still have hope for this game's last DLC.P.S.if someone at paradox is reading this than please put some effort in your last DLC... or at least don't over-price it...
76561198028408983,Not Recommended,394360,33537067,Posted: 14 July,all,Bloodmatic,"The game hasn't changed since launch - it's still full of flaws and problems, the most gamebreaking being that the ai is just plain stupid, it's just too easy to roll over most countries in the game. Ai doesnt defend it's port or territory, if you're in a faction, your allies will rush the front line causing everyone to take massive amounts of attrition which just leads to a deadlock stalemate that has to be broken through paratroopers or naval invasions - both of which are also incredibly cheezy because again, the ai doesnt know how to defend itself.Not to mention how ♥♥♥♥ing slow and laggy the end game ends up being or the bad user interface choices.Nothing has really changed, the game's still like playing a husk of an actual game and Paradox seems to only focus on adding focus trees rather than fixing anything, and whilst the focus trees are cool, that's already available in the workshop if you really wanted it.I'd recommend taking a look at any of the other paradox grand strategy games over this."
76561198144754343,Not Recommended,394360,33449301,Posted: 10 July,all,Свободы,"Damn DLC Damn AI, Its a good game,but not a good Paradox"
76561198034698323,Not Recommended,394360,33530134,Posted: 14 July,all,Tutalya,"Stupid price policy. Instead of updating the game with some basic items, they are choosing to sell them with DLCs. As long as they continue to act this, i will not buy any other Paradox product."
76561197993784628,Not Recommended,394360,33655442,Posted: 19 July,all,technobug,"The underlying game doesn't let anyone REALLY change that much.Paradox should have made the AI an external script so players can mod it. Instead it's hard coded, with only some constants it works with made publicly changeable.Also, region based Air Combat and Air Bases, WTF Paradox."
,Recommended,394360,32682274,Posted: 23 June,all,TheContact,Nice game but AI must improved.
76561198083091360,Recommended,394360,32682353,Posted: 23 June,all,StealthyPopcorn,"Many people are upset about the DLC prices as well as the AI in this game. I personally am fine with both of these due to the fact I play mostly multiplayer and the AI is fine as long as they are not playing as a major. With DLC, I am not angry either because the same things added can be accomplished with free mods that are just as good."
76561198052785813,Recommended,394360,28558476,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sanad,This game is simply made  by legends
,Recommended,394360,28549752,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Not Canadian,"OK, so I am 37 hours in and here is how I see it right now:At first, I was overwhelmed by the amount of planning, interfaces, and scale of the game (never got the hang of EU4). By playing the Italy tutorial for 5 hours and accepting the fact that I was going to mess up from the beginning, I managed to get a hang of all the major mechanics.I was always a fan of the Civilization franchise, but I just can't see myself going back to Civilization with all the depth this game has shown me. Hearts of Iron 4 definitely has some issues even someone as new as me has noticed (allies bottlenecking supply lines, lack of individual negotiating with nations, unable to mass recruit from conquered regions, questionable resource map, ect.), but the satisfaction from plans going well from years of in-game planning is amazing.There is also a lot of replayablility in this game as well. You can play as any nation and I'm sure DLCs will had more uniquness to this already diverse roster. 37 hours in and I have only really experienced 3 nations so far. I recognize I might still be in the ""honey-moon phase"" of this game before some issues become really prominent, but as it stands now, this game was worth every penny ($34)."
,Recommended,394360,24199984,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[SG] Octa,"My first review for a game and I pick HoI4, lolkBut anyways, this game is very well made, has hours of entertainment, and is all in all worth the 40 it costs (at the base price).However, I do have a few issues with it. Now, these are probably my only real problems with the game, so don't let them deter you from purchasing it. I just felt like voicing my opinion.The AI can be pretty freaking stupid at times, flooding small area's with troops to the point where it makes moving and fighting nearly impossible.The super late game gets pretty boring at times, especially as an axis power trying to invade the American continent. It took me nearly a day as Fascist Spain to make a dent big enough for even half of my army. Maybe that was just me, but the game can stagnate hard at times.Nukes are basically just there for fun. They seem to have little impact outside of destroying buildings on the tiles, but you need to have air superiority to drop them in the first place, so you can just use bombers for that. Nukes just come across as underpowered, and seem like they are barely worth my time.My review is based soley off of single player experience, as all my friends are either not interested, or too poor to shell out dah cash"
76561198013022995,Recommended,394360,23435106,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Homuhomu,"100 times more accessible than HOI3 was, makes managing 200 divisions much less daunting.Needs substaintial balancing though, especially scaling generic ideas according to country size, (currently Bhutan can aim for nuclear research), But the foundation is rock solid."
76561198062786759,Recommended,394360,23427818,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,<| DOGE,"Excellent way to lose your life, and yet still learn a few things. I do however highky recommend watching the created tutorial videos on Paradox Extra's Channel."
76561198119258939,Recommended,394360,23451628,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rommel,"I played the game the as soon as it released and wasn't able to put it down. It is a very good game and Paradox outdid themselves with this one.I recomend this to anyone who enjoys WW2, grand strategy, or any type of wargame strategy"
76561198057638423,Recommended,394360,23441898,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Papple,"This is a game of 'what if?' If you can think of something you want to do in a Pre-World War Two world, there's probably a way you can accomplish it. Want a Scandinavian Alliance? Sure. Want to end the Chinese Civil War and assert your global dominance? Go for it. Have your eyes set on creating a glorious Canadian Empire? Why not? Have a desire to make Nazi Germany democratic and join up with the allies to destroy the Soviet Union? Uh, I suppose. What about creating the wonderful worldwide Albanian Kingdom? Well... good luck with that one. The point is, if you can think of it, you can at least try to make it happen. Have fun, and make Switzerland great again."
76561198058815238,Recommended,394360,23446598,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gypsy,Its decent. Does its job.
76561198132255156,Recommended,394360,23448627,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,owencheung0723,"If you love the details of Hoi3 such as the chain of command, generals selection in division level. You may found Hoi4 a little bit of disappointing.The system change a lot to be a little bit more playable. Just think about playing as USSR to fight against Germany. The Poland front line definitely make many of us crazy. With the new system, we can actually use the battleplan to move the troops and fight effectively.I love the modification of the same level of planes. We can create a lot more variations for different situations.I also love that we can start civil war on some nation and send volunteers to help them to fight.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------However, there are still some flaws which you may also consider before buy the game.The game feels a little bit unfinished, like some nations share the same portrait of their national leaders, The thumbnail of the infantry equipment are in German style instead of USA. So I spot a stg44 when there should be a Thompson or M1 Carbine.Some of the details need to be polish but those doesn't make me change my mind about recommend this game."
76561198091355022,Not Recommended,394360,28552462,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jake :D,Its fun until you get to the peace conferences.  Then your allies take all of your occupied land and you're left with nothing.  Its mostly good but some areas of the game are just not well developed.
,Not Recommended,394360,32752562,Posted: 24 June,all,Vanyel,New price policy before summer sale well played Paradox. I want play a game. (Saw series) I will not buy a single game from you guys. I will put a negative comment all of your games. I  hope you go bankrupt.
,Not Recommended,394360,34154274,Posted: 10 August,all,BuoyantHippo,"It used to work great. It was actually fun, but recently, I literally can't even play. I can't even choose a country, as doing so freezes the entire game. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling 3 times, clearing shadercache, and even changing all my graphics settings and reinstalling drivers, but the same problem keeps happening, and I give up. This game will not work. I don't recommend wasting your time on it."
,Not Recommended,394360,34235915,Posted: 14 August,all,Roasted Lemons,"The game is unfinished, very few countries have a focus and the ones that do are terrible. Stupid dlc price for 4-5 focus trees and game mechanics that should have been the game in the first place. If you buy this game please use mods they are more fun and interesting to play with"
76561197994812200,Not Recommended,394360,34194476,Posted: 12 August,all,BeingDS,"I really, really wanted to like Hearts of Iron 4. I really did. I love other Paradox games, like Crusader Kings II and Europa Universalis IV. I love that you can go back and inhabit a character living in those time periods and cut your very path through history.If only you could do that in HoI4.I wanted to love it, but I don't. It's an unequivocal letdown.The problems:1. Complexity -Paradox is not known for making games that are shallow or even straighforward. I was not expecting to master HoI4 in an afternoon. But when you have played a game for75 hoursand you are still routinely baffled by what is happening and can't figure out why... that is a failure of design. I went online - to YouTube, to GameSpot, to the game's official forums, to every source I could find in hours of Googling; and not only did the answers often shed no light on the questions;half the time, the various ""experts"" couldn't even agree on how the game actually worked!A game can either be complex and well-explained, or it can be simple and straightforward. If it is not one of those two, it is poorly-designed.2. Shallowness -Yes, yes. ""Complexandshallow""? Yep. Every game of HoI4 is the same. The same events, in the same order, with the same general result. Paradox games like CKII and EUIV are great because when you start a game;anythingmight happen. You begin in 1066 or 1444 and four hundred ""years"" later, you can look back on a twisting path to greatness or ultimate defeat in which you schemed, plotted, connived, and strategized your way through decade after decade of palace intrigue, local and world politics, and deftly-planned wars.But when HoI4 begins in 1936; you can be sure that whatever happens by 1950, it will follow essentially the same pattern. Remilitarization of the Rhine, Anschluss, Sudetenland, Marco Polo Bridge Incident, Invasion of Poland, World War.There isnothingthe player can do to alter this inexorable sequence. No amount of planning, strategizing, or even outright metagaming can make a session of HoI4 about anything other than this one pre-planned, pre-canned story. There are no local theaters. Every nation in the game gets pulled into this one overarching loosely-scripted plotline (because that's what it is). Even trying to play as a small country far removed from the main theater of war gets you dragged kicking and screaming into the general conflict. I once declared war onunalignedUruguay as Brazil; who promptly joined the Allies, who all declared war on me. Uruguay.There are no side wars, no subtlety, no limited objectives, no variance of scale, no individuality, nocharacter. HoI4 isn't a game... it's a simulator. It has only slightly more depth than a browser game on Newgrounds with all the opacity and complexity of market finance.It's a Paradox game for people who hate Paradox games.In short, not a game I can recommend."
,Recommended,394360,34738903,Posted: 4 September,all,torgon1,Well the gameplay is fun but the scenario gets repetetive after a while and only a few countries have special focus trees (sort of like special abilities that you can choose from to gain bonuses and somethimes you have to choose between some braches or just choose which you want to focus on). Though there are some amazing mods for this game which has scenarios that are 10x or bigger than the normal games that could keep your attetion for many hour.Would recommendCarried by mods
,Recommended,394360,34963445,Posted: 14 September,all,Mad_Dex,Perfect strategy
,Recommended,394360,34746764,Posted: 4 September,all,Jordan,The absolute golden standard in strategy gaming.
,Recommended,394360,35038056,Posted: 17 September,all,kumadysk,10/10
76561198148334828,Recommended,394360,35036863,Posted: 17 September,all,Charles De Gaulle,"Great game, great mods, a gnarly time all around."
76561198037245700,Recommended,394360,35113339,Posted: 21 September,all,Сталин ничего не,Very fun historical game though few issues with crashes on multiplayer
76561198063895643,Recommended,394360,35190070,Posted: 24 September,all,mustard_pretzel,"What you learned in history was incorrect.  It wasn't the Maginot Line preventing the Germans from invading France, it was a wall of DLC.Luckily for us, we can just bypass it by just not buying it (Gott erhalte developers den Kaiserreich).  Or, like the Germans, by invading Belgium; whichever happens to be more convenient."
76561198404130850,Recommended,394360,35039441,Posted: 17 September,all,Captinasir,i love this game.
,Recommended,394360,34883295,Posted: 11 September,all,Voltaic_Sheep,Good game.♥♥♥♥♥♥AI. Still fun
76561198242098908,Recommended,394360,35111447,Posted: 21 September,all,Jerzyy,10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,394360,34746814,Posted: 4 September,all,Dexter's Guild,"Very fun game, its not a one play and gets boring. You can browse the workshop and get diffrent events/senerios. Multiplayer so you can play with friends and online people. You can do anything by doing stuff like turning into different governments and many more. The DLC is not required to make the game fun yet enhcance it, it is still very fun and playable without the DLC."
76561198099199252,Not Recommended,394360,32450727,Posted: 15 June,all,Just Tony,"Game? GoodCommunity? Awesome so much mods and MultiplayerParadox? Want money for things that should be in the base game like Focus trees.DLC Policy? Dont worry soon EU/CK Syndrom indbound.Recommend? Buy base game in sale, download tons of mods and play Singlep. or Multip.. Only way how to be happy with this game."
,Not Recommended,394360,32782738,Posted: 25 June,all,Jezza :3,"The normal game itself is great and all, especially with all the modification that can be done through the workshop, but I  would not recommend because of the multiplayer failing to work, although I have no idea what's causing it to not work.Whenever I attempt to join a server, it just says ""connecting"" indefinitely. I have tried multiple servers with no success, so I originally thought it was my firewall or antivirus blocking it and giving me no notification of it, but windows firewall had already allowed it and I had tried it with my antivirus off to no avail. Also I could mod it fine just simply by subscribing so that wasn't affected.I had attempted to refund it for this reason, but since I had played past the 2 hour mark, it was denied.Well, at least I didn't buy it at full price...EDIT: Found that I need the ""Together For Victory"" DLC in order to annex a state, really...?"
76561198093350925,Not Recommended,394360,33264100,Posted: 5 July,all,Solaire,Faction interactions feel buggy... Couped italy and japan to Communist had positive relations with me. Only to backstab me join the Axis anyway and conqure the world. :( o ty national focus' for destroying any RNG fun.Don't buy this game unless you want to play the EXACT same story over and over again...
,Not Recommended,394360,31716294,Posted: 12 May,all,Ryan,I buy this game expecting to have a fun with the different ways I can’t change a  world war. I join a multiplayer server thinking that I could be able to play any nation and be able to change my Ideology with no problem for the game I payed for. People like to limit you on what you can do with the nation and will either kick or ban runing overall experience of the game. I like the competitive feeling of multiplayer but with the state it is in right now I would not recommend this game.
76561198262211927,Recommended,394360,35194301,Posted: 24 September,all,SaltyAlty,"basically you flip facist, declares war, and get reminded why ai will never defeat humans"
76561198114461577,Not Recommended,394360,33630366,Posted: 18 July,all,secomano,"Can't recommend the game as is.It's fun to play, specially with mods. it introduces a new Equipment mechanic that I totally agree with, but drops almost everything that made Hearts of Iron 3 one of my favorite games.Buy this only if it's on sale and don't expect much strategy, depth and content."
,Recommended,394360,32672099,Posted: 23 June,all,-12th-Capt. ^DevilMayCry^,"Very good game, especially if you play it with friends!"
76561198178104533,Not Recommended,394360,29260682,Posted: 14 January,all,TLD FAN,"A very buggy game and not really well thought out. Multiplayer is a constant spam fest of peace conferences and game crashing, saving itself, sending the save file all around and reloading, crashing saving itself, sending the save file. Rinse and repeat, yeah after 2 exasperating hours I'm ready to do something else. Asking for my money back. Maybe next time paradox will release a finished game with some level of quality."
76561198008260349,Recommended,394360,23625254,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Shubacka66,"I love this game, but at the same time I am disapointed, it is definitely not a bad game, it is a modernized version of HOI3, but it just feel like a half made Game, with thought on how long they have been developing this game and how many times we where promised a release and then yet again delayed and delayed, they had all the time in the world to make this the best game it ever could be, but the result is very poor in comparission to what HOI3 was, sure, they have done a nice job on the graphics but in a game like this, that isn't important anyway. I wont be totally negative here, there is improvements on a lot of things, but somehow they managed to compleatly mess up the historical WW2, it is a nice feature to be able to play none historical just to see what could have happened, but even if you play on historical mode, the AI does a lot of strange things that never happened in real life. and that makes it  more like a fantasy game, for us historical geeks, that is a bad thing, the equipment and tanks are also not the right look on the battlefield, if you produce a division of Tiger tanks, don't expect to see them on the battlefield, instead you will see a Panzer 2, not very fun. and even if you upgrade your soldiers with machineguns, they wil still be running around with the same old rifle, there is just to many things like this that will bring down the game, the realism seem to have gone, and that is one of the things that made HOI3 so good, compared to HOI3 the micromanagement has gone away, which in it self is not neccesarily a bad thing, but it is a bit dumbed down, the research is also incredibly slow, there is no way you could research everything, then you would possibly play until 2004, so the game is broken like this, but even all this, it is still a very fun game, it could have been made to be much better and it lacks in many places, hopefully we will see fixes coming sometime in the next 5 years, maybe! with these guys I expect nothing faster. if they would have released this game on Early access, then much, if not all of the things this game is suffering from could have been avoided. if you like grand stragety games but not  historical ones, then I recommend it, then you will have a lot of fun, but if you are a historical guy, then you should go play HOI3 instead.Update:After a bit more hours playing the game, I wanted to make an update, because my previous review was a bit negative in a way, even if they were all true, it doesn't describe  the game in it's grandios completeness. wow! this game is so fun! I just can't get enough of it, I just keep playing and playing for hours and hours, each time as a different country, Swiss was a ♥♥♥♥♥ though, it is very easy to lose time in this game, sometimes when I suddenly look at my time, several hours has gone by without me even notising it. that is the mark of a great game. it consumes you, and before you know it, you compleately drowned your self into it. the replay value is high here, first off, the game is a definite buy, now to what I think should have been different, the research tree in each nation is not all different, it's more like different based by ideology, the commies and nazi's and democrats have their own different research and also based on the largest countrys, a bit more could have been done here to make the game more interesting, each country could have their research based on what happened to them in the war, but it is only based on the largest countrys and then passed down the smaller countrys based on ideology. but it is not impossible that we could see something like this in a future DLC, it is a lot easyer to get into than HOI3 which was a schience of it's own. everything in the previous review stands true, but what I wanted to lift forward is that despite all that negative, this game is really really fun and have great value, I recommend a buy. a lot of people can play Hearts of Iron now, you don't have to be a geek to get into the game like with HOI3, if you can play Civ5, then you can play Hearts of Iron IV"
76561197975662513,Recommended,394360,23629204,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Siggi Solo,Amazing!!!
,Recommended,394360,24236060,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[RKW]Fredrick Zoller,"Both of paradoxes new releases are getting a lot of bad reviews. I have to say this is honestly one of the best games they have made. It's fun to play and much simpler thant the other hearts of iron games or EU4. The tutorial really isn't the best so I would recommend watching a youtube tutorial, but you'll get the hang of it pretty fast. I bought it two days ago and already have about 24 hours on it so. Go buy it."
,Not Recommended,394360,29052909,Posted: 5 January,all,IcoruS,Garbage AI loves to kill it's own armies by flooding africa and suffering attrition. All the UK does is make planes? This is most unpolished♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. I want my time and money back!
76561197999813471,Recommended,394360,33198356,Posted: 3 July,all,Estalio,"Dont let the nagative reviews sway you not to buy this game is you liked CK2 and EU4 and have an interest in WWII.Pros:Less complex than HOI3 but still has a learning curve about the same as CK2 and EU4Emerse yourself in WWII vanilla or with modsCons:Not as complex as HOI3 for ""Real"" ""Grand Strategy Gamers""  They may be disappointedCPU strain in late game slows things down and gets jittery as time passesPredictable AI in most matches - example- when I play Germany, I wonder if Japan will ever expand through the pacific, but they have yet to dominate the pacific (in multiple playthroughs), even when I've destroyed the American's fleets.Price and DLCsYes- the complaints about what ""should"" have been included in the game seem valid.The game is completely playable and enjoyable without the current explansions though.If you're worried about the price, wait for a sale- if you logged 100 hours and bought the game at $30, your $/hour equates to $3.3 per hour which is cheaper than going to a movie in the US."
,Not Recommended,394360,32584480,Posted: 19 June,all,Ruiner,"Felt kinda clunkyTakes a while to get a hang of the controls, for not much reward in gameplay experience."
76561198015737442,Recommended,394360,23650995,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Juicer,"The best grand strategy game i have played in 35 years of gaming.Edit: I feel i should expand. HOI games are fairly daunting when first installed, i have over 80 hours in HOI3 and i am still a novice. HOI4 changes that, its approachable even for the novice. The controls and gameplay are intuitive and the UI is excellent and it even has a tutorial of sorts (Italy vs Ethiopia). Watching a few Youtube tutorials (World War Wednesday is excellent) can give you all you need to play. If you want a strategy game that will last for years, this is it.EDIT: Few more hours into it and it just gets better. Patch's from the DEvs and continued excellent mods from the community continue to improve an excellent game."
76561198012172466,Recommended,394360,32645715,Posted: 22 June,all,>DemoN<,amazing game.
,Recommended,394360,23445361,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Qacona,It's EU4 WW2 edition and it's great.
,Recommended,394360,24519423,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Swift2751,"This game has given me mixed feelings to say the least. It brings a fresh new face to the Genre with some exciting new feautres. The launch was flawless with no major issues on release that prevented or ruined gameplay. The UI and AI are on the whole fairly good and as such the game as a whole is enjoyable to play for hours on end. However I find that over time this game can start to lose its replayability. Combat generally ends in wide fronts with little room for manouvering similar to WW1 which can be frustrating however maybe this is just due to my play style.On the whole this game can be great fun, however you may feel at times that it becomes more repetitive and less enjoyable however I would still recommend purchasing this game for the many happy hours it provides."
76561198090265909,Recommended,394360,23459776,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,PolarBear,Great Game :)
,Recommended,394360,31821136,Posted: 18 May,all,LE XD LE MEME,9/10 only bad thing is lack of death camps.
,Recommended,394360,23437711,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Montem,"Outstanding. New to the series, complex and deep strategy game!"
76561198031755281,Recommended,394360,23437658,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,jmcgauley,Graphics are fantastic and the detail of soldiers is even better. Great job for another fantastic WW2 Game way to honor the veterans who died for their countries as well as the past. But even better is the alternate history of this game in which you can start the before it even begins like for example if was Germany I would take in 1936 both the netherlands and belgium for its great natural resources.
,Recommended,394360,32434007,Posted: 15 June,all,MatTysuXD,"World War II (often abbreviated to WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945, although related conflicts began earlier. It involved the vast majority of the world's countries—including all of the great powers—eventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries. In a state of ""total war"", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust (in which approximately 11 million people were killed) and the strategic bombing of industrial and population centres (in which approximately one million were killed, and which included the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki), it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history."
,Recommended,394360,34247845,Posted: 14 August,all,secondcomingofbryce,"The game Hearts of Iron 4, on its own, is mediocre. A good game, yes, but it tends to get boring after a bit. That is, until you install mods. This game has a diverse and dedicated modding community, that never fails to impress. Complete overalls like Kaissereich, and simple fixes of the abundant AI bugs in the game, the mods themselves make the game worth buying. I do reccomend this game. But download some mods, please."
,Recommended,394360,23437916,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Warrior wa Thanato des,Can't STOP PLAYING.
,Recommended,394360,23427730,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Paghalay,"I have never played a HoI4 game before, but I do love other paradox grand stratergy games, and had heard that HoI had been difficult to learn how to play in the past.HoI4 does not seem to fit the stereo type as it only took around an hour to learn (something that is not too common with paradox games). the game is really easy to get immersed in, it has a great atmosphere and has gameplay that could keep you coming back to HoI4 for hours on end.I recommend this game 100%.If you like grand stratergy games and you're interested in world war 2 this game is a must buy!"
76561198054594895,Recommended,394360,28488522,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,侍Terry万歳 (In College),"Ok This Game is just awesome and genius i loved it alot(there are no cons only pros)You Can Basicly play as any country you want, even the small ones like luxemburg or albania,so basicly once you have choosen your country your objective can be any like Have a peacefull country or you can conquare the ♥♥♥♥ing world, and you can also choose your country ideology like fascism or communism there are plenty more, ok lets say you play as germany you can actualy change history and conquare the world and be the first to make nuclear fusion and atomic bombs and D-day The US :PThe Multiplayer in the other hand is the exac same  as the SP which you can enjoy it playing it with friends or either with other players you can play from 2 to up to 32 players,I really recommend this game as it can keep you all day playing it10/10 Must have if you like strategy games"
,Recommended,394360,24445741,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Chad Gray,extremely addicting
76561198165557195,Recommended,394360,24079668,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kmarble16,My so far favorite steam game.
76561198054709393,Recommended,394360,23426190,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Total_chaos,if you like WW2 this is the game
,Recommended,394360,23685577,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,berto,"Anticipated this for months, it's a great game, can play as anyone - ALTHOUGH DONT GO FRANCE UNLESS U WANNA GET STEAMROLLED - BUT IF YOU ARE GOOD YOU WILL SURVIVE. You can change history which is great, build up your nation and take over the world!and Hitlers face is in it. Dank"
,Recommended,394360,23715445,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The Savage Beast,"If you enjoy having free reign to totally F up history, than without a doubt, this game is for you. IV is also a lot more accessible and easier to pick up and manage than the last installment is, and is just generally a lot more fun to play (and this is coming from someone who put a LOT of time into III). I do miss some of the nuances that were cut out from the last game, but I can see they were cut out for a clear purpose. Overall, HOI IV strikes a good balance between being realistic and playable. Also: it's a lot easier in this iteration of the game to pick up and guide a minor power- though they'll never be as powerful as one of the 'big' nations. Also, a lot easier to utilize multiplayer in this version, though performance does suffer after a few years non-stop in-game. TL;dr: buy this game, screw up history, have fun."
76561198056667206,Recommended,394360,23716694,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,21st Rct. Nabex78,"Great game. I don't really feel the need to write out a huge review, but I would buy it."
,Recommended,394360,34007767,Posted: 3 August,all,[Deu/Ger]✠Germanyball✠,This is the Best ww2 Game ever
,Not Recommended,394360,34172428,Posted: 11 August,all,KING KONG the BIG DONG,"this is one of those games you'll find fun if you like the concept, but awful dlc policy, awful ai, lacking in a ton of features and general optimization"
,Recommended,394360,30715867,Posted: 24 March,all,DaRandomBro,"For a strategy game person like me, this is an amazing game. I did not own HOI3, so I do not know how it compares to that, but I can say that if you enjoy strategy games and have some patience and time to invest in this game, I would do it, especially if it's on sale. I know this isn't quite a complete game, and the microtransactions with the DLC are a little annoying, but the community workshop for this is amazing and there are a lot of possibilities in this game."
,Recommended,394360,31687977,Posted: 11 May,all,Tyler von Habsburg,"9/10I've clocked hundreds of hours in Hearts of Iron IV. The game is by far the best to come out of Paradox's historical chess workshop. Planning and diplomacy feels real, a million different things you have to take into account before making any decision, it might cause an average person to form a tumour but for me this was part of the greater beauty of Hearts of Iron. You can alter history to your will, make any small nation into prominent axis forerunner, or the allies, or comintern, or even create your own alliance. Rebuild nations of old and destroy the titans of the political world. The possibilities are endless. After a hefty 120 hours i suggest the Millenium Dawn mod, the modern day mod which is extremely well-built. Or perhaps Kaiserreich or the Great War. The community contributes largely to the game, from Orwell's 1984 to a Game of Thrones mod, you will never get bored with the game.Jumping straight into the game can be complicated, especially due to how much of a drag the tutorial is. I recommend playing a South American nation, like Brazil, and following a YouTube tutorial first, as the implications of ♥♥♥♥ing up are less than the likes of Germany, Britain, Russia etc.Would definitely reccomend"
,Recommended,394360,23426931,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dez,"Made Australia fascist, fought with the Japanese. If you don't like it, go back to where you came from."
,Recommended,394360,29996948,Posted: 17 February,all,Kachika 一個隨,"This game is fun but has a few bad things about it. Its a classic WW2 simulator game where you take control of a nation in 1936-1939 and play as the leader of that country, its fun to play but the AI of the game is horrible e.g Germany has 25-50 divisions of troops on the Maginot, or luxembourg randomly declares war on Germany. Other than that its a pretty decent game and id say 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,394360,34972760,Posted: 15 September,all,Lemmy,"Game is good but the dlc practices are scummy, locking out game features within dlcs that really dont have any reason to have those feautures locked to them."
,Recommended,394360,34696888,Posted: 2 September,all,Itz_yA_bOi_EceeR,"yo, i've had this like 4 days and i've already played 50 hours of this... either i have too much free time on my hands or this game is ♥♥♥♥ing lit9/10"
76561197971138204,Not Recommended,394360,26472452,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Twisted Jamie X reping twisted T,The AI is worse than Hitler
76561197985813774,Recommended,394360,26578572,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,RoBs,"Playing as Japan, 1943 I am the master of Asia and soon Germany and I will divide the world between us.1945 Germany capitulates...1963 still defending the Japanese home islands after a 20 year valiant defense in China against the armies of Greece, Denmark, Yugoslavia and the rest of the world.."
76561197962824524,Not Recommended,394360,24323867,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Missive,"I want to like this game, I really do - I LOVE Victoria and EU4, both remarkably similar games. This game, however, seems to go out of its way to be confusing and obtuse. Why is my invasion not working? Oh, I need sea superiority. How do I do that? Why are my planes sitting idle after being given orders? Why is my sea invasion not working - oh i can only order 10 units at a time? OK, I'll queue the commands. No? WHY NOT? It takes 70 days to prepare?! My units wil be dead by then!I have never been so angry just by sheer not knowing anything in this game. I can't do warfare at all. Tool tips are fairly useless and action that should be straighforward is anything but. Victoria did it much better.The economy and politics seem great. Very simple to understand. Unlike the rest of this mes."
76561198107614365,Not Recommended,394360,26032981,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Siegi,I hoped that it would be good. They turned it into an unintuitive arcade game. Idiots!
76561198040815743,Not Recommended,394360,26248456,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,IAreLemons,"This is a Paradox game. For those who haven't bought a Paradox game early on, let me explain the process.You buy the game, and at first it seems incredibly confusing and complicated. You play a bunch of games and get your butt handed to you because Paradox sucks at tutorials, but it's still fun. You slowly get better, and for the first 20 hours or so it's a great experience. Then you hit the point where you've mastered the game, and suddenly the veil is lifted. The shallowness becomes apparent, and the failings of the AI make every game a steamroll. And yet, the game is still somewhat enjoyable, if only to screw around with dumb strategies like conquering the world as Bhutan/Ryukyu/etc.Over the next few years, Paradox will release a tonne of patches and DLC that slowly increase the game's depth and fix the glaring issues. You buy them all, because at this point you have 200+ hours and need your next fix. Then, Steam has a summer sale, and the price of the game plus all DLC is half the price you paid for the base game. You cry softly into your wallet as you invade Poland for the 264th time.Then Victoria III comes out, and the cycle begins anew.TL;DR: If you're bored of EU4, you've probably already bought this and there's no help for you.If you aren't already in the Paradox cycle and don't have an abundance of disposable income, wait a few years for the game to be finished. Go play EU4 instead."
76561198041662398,Recommended,394360,26528779,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DickChappy,"*Played without historical AI focus*There I was, as the mastermind pulling the strings sprouted from head of Hitler and heart of German Reich decided that I want a thorough sneaky land grabbing play.  I planned extra careful, to not raise any World Tension as I slowly develop my economy and my troops, with poor Czech and Yugo being the first to go (as puppets), then out of nowhere Soviets went ham on Poland's Baltic Alliance to which Japan decides to make their own faction and attack Netherlands which was guaranteed by UK.  Italy, having a couple screws loose from Mussolini drill, decided to go Democratic and made Bulgaria, Luxemburg, and Belgium join their little Novus Imperium against the rising threat of Communist France and Spain.  As the battle continue while I water my puppets hoping for them to grow, Canada decided that it wants US out of picture, so they went Fascist and wanted to join the Axis, to which I kindly declined fearing myself being dragged into 2 front wars since Soviets were done with Poland.My next step was to puppet Greece, who was kindly left alone by the Italians who were now in war with France and Soviets and it was fairly easy when you don't have democracies to interfere.  With my vision now ready for the US, whom sat there with their economy shackled on their legs invited Canada to join the Axis before they hopped on the Japanese train and after moving most of my troops in Canada praying the Soviets won't attack me.  In a gambit, I manage to take US down, take half the land and puppeted the rest to which my World Tension skyrocketed pass the Japs and Sovs pass the point of no return.  This wasn't that bad considering the Scandinavians all had the communism boost from the Soviets which made UK justify war on them and them joining Japan in hopes of some relief from them.  Japan later formed the Indian Freedom Army targeting Raj, and eventually managed to start the civilwar before Brits could take the allow independance focus, further spreading the world fire.  Meanwhile my little faction sit inbetween the Soviets so they can't reinforce the French and Spanish, slowing down the war tremendously while dominating the oil trade, enjoying the boost in factory and further strengthen my empire.  Eventually the Molotov-Ribbentrop was cancelled by the Soviets followed by a swift declare of war.  I tag-teamed with the Italian alliance and took out the Russians and French, puppeting France, Poland, and gave some Soviet lands to Finland whom joined my side as well some of my puppets before Italians snatched Russians from my eyes before declaring war on UK.After timing the best moment, I declared war on Italians, turned their world upside down by splitting their faction into tiny islands among nations and catipulated Italy before Luxemburg got pushed by the French, officially puppeting Italy, Luxemburg, Belgium, and Switzerland whom later joined Italians to ally against my faction.  Russians, having had their capital invaded 3 times in less than 2 years threw the towel and Fascist leader Rodzaevsky came under my flag as yet another puppet.  With the entire europe except Portugal in my leash, I turned my eyes towards the last standing hopes for Democracy, the Brits.  With teamed Japan-Germany alliance as well as the newly arrived Fascist Ireland whom I boosted in popularity, we crushed the Allies after a long struggle of achieveing air dominance against them.With dust settled, Japan, without my regards, took most of British Africa, some of their home lands, all of South Africa, Australia and New zealand while I made sure the young Edward VIII came to power under my guidance.  Knowing what was about to come, the influenced Scandinavians, whom now are fascists left the Daitoa and joined mine hoping for a piece of glory at the end of the day.  China, after waiting in line for so long, finally received my answer and more than happy to have most of the world jump on their side.  As the grand army of Axid march slowly from Berlin to Manchuria, I found the neutrality of turkey distasteful.  Having had drunk in power, I wanted to erase Turkey from the map before I take out of the Japanese, so I started justifying against them.It was then, something unusual happened, out of the corner of my I saw the diplomacy section of turkey changed, a flag with an open palm beside it.  Nervously I quickly backtracked all my conquest to see if I had left any nations powerful enough to oppose me still kicking, with nothing popping out of my head I moved my mouse slowly to the flag guaranteeing the independance of Turkey as I use the other hand to wipe the now drenched face of mine with the closest towel I can find.  The following text caught me totally surprised, left me baffled beyond words.  The nation was - Liberia.  It took me a moment before laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off, and decided to give it more than it can chew by sending my elite task force of 300 whom went with me from the battle of Moscow to the siege of Rome, confident that they will smear Liberia across the sandy floor they are sitting on.However, Liberia was having non of that, they sent out their newly constructed, shiny hope of destroyer I to intersect my convoy fleets who was reaching the French ports near their base, and their almighty 60 aircrafts to maintain their air and support their elite division of mighty 4x2 infantry + 1 Artillery.  I laughed as I moved my rest of troops against Japan.Liberia took Berlin, ending the dominance of the global powerhouse, making it see the true ways of Democracy, while thumbing Japan to join into its newly made African Union to house its awsomeness.10/10 would let Liberia take over the world again."
,Not Recommended,394360,25266549,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Logsy,"The Ai sucks, incredibly messy when doing any kind of fighting, batlle plans have potential but were not programmed properly, many features (such as peace deals) missing, over complicated in some aspects but overly simplified in others. The design of the map is typical of Paradox and honestly needs to be changed if they're going to continue adding more and more UI objects onto it.Just doesn't feel like a proper, polished game."
76561198370597766,Recommended,394360,32414041,Posted: 14 June,all,BlackCosmic,Amazing game10/10 would get annexed by poland again
76561198279808147,Not Recommended,394360,32483583,Posted: 16 June,all,Major MeeM,"The only Paradox Game,that fun without dlc,but still overprised"
76561198168114537,Not Recommended,394360,35010862,Posted: 16 September,all,Bailey,"Crash fest, never had a game crash so much for apparently no reason besides nations declaring war on each other. was good on release. new update is a crash fest."
,Recommended,394360,26104889,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,GLC | Sharer Shadow,"I wanted to write a new review since it changed a lot and I wanted to tell whats the problems with the game right now.The recent DLC that got is good but not worth the money so either it should add more features or make it cheaper. So waiting to buy the dlc beforeit goes to sale seems to be the ideal choice.My main problem is the combat system its really annoying the units keep going to random placesto balance the frontline if its big very hard to macro you have to set the game speed very slow foryou to be able to macro it and that is gonna make the game last forever,other then thatI think its pretty fun game even though the cons could be annoying sometimes. Also a goodgame to play with your friends if you have the time."
,Not Recommended,394360,28396432,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,illusion goddian,"As it is, the game is very incomplete. Many of the countries don't have unique focuses. Instead of adding new focuses to the countries over time, they made it so you have to buy them instead. I find it stupid to buy a half completed game that forces you to pay more money to complete it."
76561198040374221,Not Recommended,394360,26278277,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,lcpessoa,"Paradox forces us to use a terrible system and now are announcing if we want improvements on it, we have to pay. It's a WW2 game and blitzkrieg tactics will be in a paid DLC.I mean, you could just micro everything  without OOB or overview to help you, really fun!Now they add  new DLC for DOUBLE THE PRICE, and guess what? Without it the german AI goes off the rails since it can't get hungary on the axis. Solution? 100+ divisions on the Hungarian border while the french take berlim.Paradox has become just another awful company."
76561198072619538,Not Recommended,394360,35013770,Posted: 16 September,all,Tyler Rabideau,Just a bunch of money grabbers #DLC
,Recommended,394360,23424569,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nick Lasagne,"Just going to do a quick campaign to check the gameout....What?I've been playing for 4 hours?!? Seriously,this is an amazing game. You could see it from a mile away and that is why a lot of people preordered. If you are still one of the sceptics,seriously. Just play it for yourself and you will see...providing you are a grand strategy fan of course. It is also important to add that the game is much easier to learn than Hearts of Iron 3 and even if you haven't played the previous titles you can  learn this game quite quickly."
76561198057912013,Recommended,394360,23440896,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Man of War,Awesome game. love mostly everything about it.Hoi3 Fan.
76561198043627890,Recommended,394360,23421771,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Frozenslime,"HOI4 has a much more user friendly UI than HOI3. Players are given the opportunities to make different choices throughout the game. These options are easy to understand thank to the detailed wiki/in game info. If you haven't played a paradox grand strategy game and you are interested in WWII, this is a perfect starting point.Here are some pros and cons:Pros:-Friendly UI-Great optimization (loading time is even shorter than HOI3)-Clear tech tree/diplomacy/build queue etc.-Advanced features like battle lines-Despite all the changes, the core game concept still shine, it's still a great great grand strategy gameCons:- LImited number of scenarios- Hidden resources indicator- No triangle diagram in the diplomacy screen, really miss it from the the previous game- Personally on the world map I prefer the army icons from HOI3 rather than 3d figures. Wish there's a setting so I can switch between both of them"
,Recommended,394360,23439137,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Beardfull,"It can be scary at first, there's a lot of information coming at you, but once you get the hange of it it's great. The Italy tutorial is helpful for figuring out how the combat works, and I personally reccomend a short game as a small country, Canada or Switzerland or something like that, just to get the hang of it before you jump into playing as Germany of the US or whoever. Overall, it's a lot of fun, and the learning curve is more of a short hill than a cliff. I highly reccomend it to any history nerds."
76561198150369485,Not Recommended,394360,33841312,Posted: 27 July,all,xxX_SaracenSlayer_Xxx,"It's a good game but the AI is broken as hell, mod folders delete themselves, and half the content that should be in the game is in paid DLC"
,Recommended,394360,23839987,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,NicR™,"Definetely one of the best games Paradox has ever created! The game is perfectly balanced, not too hard to understand, but not to easy to get bored really quickly as well. Of course it needs some balance fixes, but for a game this new, it is almost perfect!"
,Recommended,394360,29677374,Posted: 3 February,all,yellowjojo,great game
76561198162204122,Not Recommended,394360,33537315,Posted: 14 July,all,Honey Badger,"Good game, bad price."
76561198008562603,Recommended,394360,23431383,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,kickinwing77,"It's good. Hopefully, with time, it will be even better.I trust Paradox more than any other developer out there.Yes someday there will be a ton of DLC. Something i am happy to have for continued development and support of their game.Remember the days when you bought your PC games from CompUSA, in large bulky boxes and that was that. Maybe an expansion pack came out if you were lucky. I'll take this set up anyday : )"
,Recommended,394360,23433780,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Mikwo,"Great game, don't be afraid to try it out, it ain't as difficult as it looks!"
76561198005362973,Recommended,394360,23430164,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Darksurvo,Can't go back to Hearts of Iron III after playing IV!
76561197970921573,Recommended,394360,23430392,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,disk4fun,As of now I have 13 hours on this game.It came out 14 hours ago.
76561197983945781,Recommended,394360,23436068,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,JaggedyJack,"This game reminds me of when I was a kid and had my GI Joe plastic army toys and would line them up and have them fight.  This game is the adult version of doing just that with the added details of country management.Pros:-Gone are the HQ units of the command structure that would clutter up the map causing massive micro management issues or the AI just flinging divisions way out of command range making leader bonuses worthless.  Instead all the divisions are put into a single army front with a general leading.  Setting a front or multiple fronts is easier and if you want you can still control individual divisions if you like to micro-manage.-The AI commanders of the army are pretty good doing things like pincer attacks to crush enemy divisions or holding the line at the right times to allow the army to regroup.-National Focus is a pretty awesome feature that lets you take your nation down a historical or alt-historical route inregards to who you ally to even forming your own faction.  Some may not like this as it will make unbelieveable scenarios.  That is true yes, however you can option to have the AI follow historical decisions and that will create the historical simulation.  I like the open ended nature the National Focus Tree offers as it creates a good replay value for the game when you don't exactly know what might happen in each game.- have yet to run into any bugs or crashes.  For a new release of a game like this it's pretty amazing.-The tutorial is better then the one in HoI3 but can still be a tad confusing if it's your first time playing a game like this.  Even as a veteran of the previous hearts of iron games which includes 845 hours in HoI3 it still took me about 3 hours or so to adjust to the new things of this game or maybe I'm just slow.-The map is awesome!  The world feels way more alive than in any previous Hearts of Iron game.  I love watching my army march across such a beautiful map.  Night time city lights are the best!Cons:-Late game performance issues once everything is going the game wiill start to chug.  It has got a little better with the latest patch.  It's not really horrible unless you are playing at a 4 or 5  speed setting which you shouldn't really at that point in the game.-The AI can sometimes make really wierd moves during war.  Example is during the Spanish Civil War the Nationalist Spain just moved all their forces off the front line and had them garrison cities which is super dumb.  Left the few divisions I sent them in a bad situation.  The AI eventually did move its forces back to the front within a week game time however it was very aggrivating seeing this happen.Conclusion:  This game is really good. Paradox did some streamlining/simplification in areas I thought it did good in such as army management and added complexity to other areas such as country management.  The game does a good job in making me feel more like I'm leading a nation through WW2 rather than dragging it through. Does that make sense to you?  It does to me!  Buy this game!"
76561198008559465,Recommended,394360,23436420,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,jcherav,"Outstanding work, and a much needed improvement from HoI3.  The devs really struck a good balance between depth and breadth, especially when it comes to production and industry.  The same can be said about the detail offered in military operations without becoming too cumbersome or losing the sense of overarching, strategic gameplay.  HoI4 somehow presents vastly better graphics and more sophisticated AI with loading-times that are about a tenth of what was experienced in its predecessor.  'Great War' addon, please!One small thing I've noticed: as the game stands now, it's far too easy to blitz through the 'national focus' trees.  I've usually filled 3/4 of them by 1939/40.  The same can be said, though to a lesser extent, about the tech trees."
,Not Recommended,394360,33513361,Posted: 13 July,all,D.R.E.,worst paradox game ever .
76561198174130159,Recommended,394360,32684575,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomizer3000,An awesome game that I would recommend to anyone that is a lover of history/ww2. Has great mods available and is also an easy game to create mods for. 10/10 everyone should play.
,Recommended,394360,30234156,Posted: 27 February,all,Fw.Laidoner[FJR.420],"My Favourite game of 2016a trillion times better than infinite warfare, undertale, overwach, etc."
76561198119795273,Not Recommended,394360,31752677,Posted: 14 May,all,Potato,"With a watered-down diplomacy system, broken ai, a disgusting price tag of at minimum 40$, all or nothing wars, disturbing lack of depth, and finally the thing that is the most ridiculous about this game is the fact that paradox has the gall to bundle further graphics, gameplay enhancements, and features behind DLC is absurd. Until paradox AT LEAST adresses some of these issues DO NOT BUY!"
76561197982657877,Not Recommended,394360,32510886,Posted: 17 June,all,skinjobjr,Greedy greedy price hike
76561198150511613,Not Recommended,394360,33892892,Posted: 29 July,all,Joke,"dont buy it. its just frustrating. its a beta. just a test. nothing to play or enjoy.a new patch just brings a lot of new bugs.its easy to play as german, soviet, brit (maybe US: tried once and was fuxked by a bug and skipped it.). when you want to play only those , easy going.i wont list the failures and bugs, because there are so many, i dont know how and where to start and nobody would read it.a summary of my impressions.i only play  ironman/veteran and tried to play several games for japan.  holy f*ck those germans are stupid. i doubt that they can shxt in a proper way.you want to trust your generals, marshalls or admirals?a headshot is the proper way to take care of them.DONT DO DRUGS!!"
76561198100998693,Not Recommended,394360,32582900,Posted: 19 June,all,Zerg,We need Chinese!
76561198043633598,Recommended,394360,23627180,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,WhatTheScrub,"This game is addictive, fun and enjoyable. This is the first game out of Hearts of Iron and I am loving it. I would recommend this game to my friends for sure."
,Recommended,394360,23626130,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mattg064,This is an really good game for people that want to get into grand strategy game but did not know would recommend
,Not Recommended,394360,32237633,Posted: 7 June,all,SebboOoOoo^,"One year of playing reviewAre you new to grand strategy games? Never played Paradox games before? Then start here.It's incredibly simple compared to Europa Universalis 4, Crusader Kings II and Victoria II.It's easy to get into and not hard to master but still got deeper content than other strategy games such as Civilization.Negative aspects of the gameHowever if you have played these kind of games before like I have, stay away from this (unless you really like World War 2 games).The AI is just terrible. You can march to Paris in a week because the AI is too dumb to put soldiers on your border. They are far too busy reinforcing the border against neutral Spain stuck in a civil war. The political aspect of the game is non-existent and you can change the ideology of any nation in the game within a year with no need for a civil war. The AI sucks at diplomacy and you will see nations such as Romania and Bulgaria join Japans faction or maybe even the Chinese Alliance.You will receive constant spam from your allies wanting to send you supplies which might seem like a good thing. But they only want to send you 2 rifles per month and will send the same offer over and over and over again until your screen is completly filled with the offer.The AI is terrible not only in combat, but also at managing their own industry. They can't even handle peace and will grab everything they can creating horrible border gore. And sometimes they won't even annex the entire enemy so you will end up with a Mini-Reich in the middle of Bavaria.Some what positive aspects of the gameThere's not much positive I can say about this game besides it being really easy to get into for new players. The game even lacks in historical with the only historical flavour events you will see is Amelia Earhart missing, Hindenburg surviving or blowing up, Rudolf Hess attempt to negotiate peace with the UK, the Trotsky assassination. The rest is just very major things locked behind Focus Trees(or DLCs in some cases).The other positive thing I can say is that the National Focus trees are pretty good for the few nations that got them. The rest will slowly be released as DLCs which brings me to my next point.The DLCs so far is damn terrible. They are yet to add any good to the game. The modding community has made better focus trees for the nations that Paradox is releasing DLCs for. And they added an important millitary tactic for your army in the DLC. That is the single reason to why I got that DLC, to get something that small but impactful which should, in all honesty, been in the base game. Especially considering the tactic is an aggresive tactic ment to cut off the enemies supplies using tactics or mechanized infantry which I would say was quite commonly used the entire time through out the war.VerdictI can't say I will ever recommend this game as it is broken down to the very basics. It is in a far worse state than Hoi3 vanilla, eu4/eu3 vanilla, ck2 vanilla and even Victoria 2 vanilla. All of those (eventually) turned into good or great games.But I have no hope for this game to turn into one. The game should have been delayed even more than it was.Which is why I can not recommend this game besides as a way to jump into the world of Grand Strategy Games.tl;dr: Use this to learn too play good games such as Europa Universalis 4, Crusader Kings 2, Victoria 2 or older Hearts of Iron games. Terrible AI, bad DLCs that adds nothing, Terrible AI and no depth."
76561198148904777,Not Recommended,394360,31776999,Posted: 15 May,all,navylax10,"I have played this game for over 80 hours now. It seemed pretty great at first! I loved EU4, and have sunk hundreds of hours into it. I incorrectly assumed HOI4 would be EU4 in a WW2 setting. While this game is fun to play at first, you quickly begin to discover its many shortcomings. As with all Paradox games, tons of content is missing but will surely be released in upcoming $15 DLCs released over the next two years. From diplomatic functions to nation specific detail, little by little I found myself wondering ""why isn't this already a function/a part of this game?""Once the World War starts, it basically does not end until you have conquered EVERYONE. Even simple conflicts, like a local war with Siam I started over resources, turns into a global conflict. Siam, a facist country, joined the Allies, then the US joined right after I had nearly defeated all the major powers in Europe. I am now 4 years into an endless war, locked in a virtual stalemate with the US (who is almost impossible to defeat in the late 40s) because you cannot end a war without having every major nation capitulate!The AI makes decisions that make me think a dog is playing against me with a mouse duck taped to its paw. The AI grand strategy and tatical moves are just plain idiotic.Overall, I could play this game for 50 hours peacefully. Past that, I've been trying to play with different countries in different scenarios, hoping something would change. Alas, it has not. Do not buy this game if you were hoping for something like EU4 in the modern day. It is far from it."
,Recommended,394360,23438207,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Mr.Gold,"One step forward and two steps back...Ok, the best HOI experience for me is the Darkest Hour with the Total Realism Project mod. For me that game is amazing.HOI III did a lot of things that the mod did and expanded on others which made me appreciate the game even though I couldn't get into it as much as I did in TRP.This game... It has THE BEST (and I capped it cause I mean it) economy and production bar none. The way you develope your nation to become an industrial power house is to build civilian infrastructure to then build military infrastructure which you can earmark for production of specific items.Combat is also very good with the battleplans offering some really fun interactions where you can rely on the AI to micromanage the front pretty well while you focus on something else (your own push probably).And now we get to the steps back:1st - This game has the worst resourse management in a HOI game. Trade is pretty much automated and you cannot trade in one resource for another. You must always dedicate one of your factories to produce for the nation in quyestion which takes away a lot of the immersion for me (why the hell does the SU or the US need Italian factories doing things for them when their industrial capacity dwarfs mine by a lot?).2nd - The national focus are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They always take 70 days and they offer you random bonusesand unlock certain events. I much prefer HOI3 or DH event mechanism. It is more thoughtfull.3rd - research is awefull. They went back to HOI2 system which is a huge nono for me. Plus, the tech tree is kind of bare though the ability to build variants offsets it a bit but it is still barebones.SO, overall, it is a HOI game but it is pretty meh. It desperatly needs mods to make it more engaging and there are things I don't know if modders will be able to circumvent...I actually have trouble saying if I recommend this game or not but due to the deep production system, I will recommend it... But seriously, if you enjoyed HOI3, this might not be for you."
,Recommended,394360,23423720,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Leo,"Game was released.Finished downloading.Started game.Went to 1936 start date.Played as IraqBecome Nationalist IraqAte Saudi Arabia, Yemen, OmanDeclared War on IranAttacked through riverHalf of army died trying to follow battle planSoviet Union declares warGermany invites to AxisJoins AxisGets rekt anyway.5/7 will play as Nationalist Iraq againStarts new gamePlay as PolandBecome Falangist PolandAte Lithuania and LatviaAlmost ate EstoniaEstonia joins AlliesAllies come down at meJoins AxisAxis tries to help with problemAxis already at war with Soviet UnionBecame the Polish WallPerfect defense against SovietsGermany gets rekt by NetherlandsGets rekt by Allies5/7 would play as Poland again"
76561198144007863,Recommended,394360,23792994,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Davidschuk,"A very easy Game to get into compared to hoi3. It has the things that werent there in hoi3 like occupation without uprisings due to peace treatys and battle plans wich stop the micromanagement part. It also makes the game more historical due to focus trees but thus give you more freedom as Majors, also minors are now playable do to the fact that they can get powerfull over time unlike in hoi3 because theres no more fixed Industry Capacity. i do like the graphics wich makes the Game more beatifull. I also like the Technology Tree excpecialy the Doctrine Trees as they give a bit more realison to the Game. Overall it is more Flexible, better looking, more historical, and has better Multiplayer. I absolutely recomend it to both former hoi3 players and the ones who havent palyed hoi before."
,Recommended,394360,23426083,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Spectral_Archer,FINALLY
,Not Recommended,394360,32525251,Posted: 17 June,all,Blaze,"I have to admit this is one of my most favorite games that I have ever played and I highly recomend you play it if you are into WW2 stratagy. However with the recent DLCs Im starting to see this game as more of a ""give us your money"" type of thing. I think they should just put the DLCs in the full game without us paying extra money, and work more on AI improvements and making the game run better, etc. I would pay money for a DLC if they really ALOT of new groungbraking stuff to the game, or a very huge DLC  (maybey a alternate world). I gave this a thumbs down because I want paradox to know about the DLC stuff, but other than that the game is good. (but make sure your computer can handle the game beause once you get an hour into the game it can start to lag badly)"
,Recommended,394360,28424895,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mythrell,"Ok, right to the point, after three major patches and one buyable DLC, Hearts of Iron IV still feels like a bit of a mess. While they claimed to go to war against micromanagement, I would argue that with all the AI options in HoI III you can use to reduce it, IV actually has way more micromanagement than the previous title. This is one of my major complaints.A Short list of my personal grievances:- Production and stockpile system, while it feels like an improvement, does add a lot of micromanagement. It also cannot be AI controlled, so you have to take care of it manually.- Trade is actually a bit more complicated because there is no money in the game. You actually pay for resources with civilian production. Cannot be AI controlled and thus can add micromanagement.- Air battles are region based. While this in itself could be fine, it's not fine that some regions are way to big for most of your early planes, which means you will receive a penalty due to not being able to cover the whole region. Oh, and yes, cannot be controlled by AI.. so a hell of a lot more micromanagement (unless you preferred to do this by hand in HoI III) .Things I think are improvement over the old one:- The Unit AI is actually great for both player and AI. Sure, it could always be better, but it's certainly a huge improvement over the last one. You still will get most likely better results by micromanaging your fronts by yourself, but it's not that bad.- Naval system is region based, just like Air system. WIth navies the new system actually works well since they are not that range limited. Also it is definitely an improvement, as I think that it was one of the weakest points in previous game.- Research system is closer to HoI II, which I think is overall a better system. No more ""Small Arms 10"" research, every item is a single research which feels a lot better. Each nation has varying number of reasearch slots and the tech trees seem to be balanced towards multiplayer game, so differencens between nations are cosmetic at best. Tanks are exactly the same, even if their names might differ from nation to nation.- Workshop mod support. This is absolutely fantastic feature, and there already are many great mods out there.All in all, I would say that HoI 4 still has the potential to become the best game in the series, but right now it is up to future patches and DLC's to make the necessary changes. I recommend this game solely on this basis, and because there is no ""neutral"" vote. :)"
,Recommended,394360,30995362,Posted: 7 April,all,русский бог,bought it full price.3 days later its -40% offi wanna kill myself
,Recommended,394360,24345668,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Patrick Bateman,"Overall it is a good game, but it still has many problems.AI is very uncreative and incredibly indecisive.Research is not as complicated and fun as HOI3You can't attach air units to armiesNo longer have divisional commanders etc.It is much too easy to change political party of nations (AI never counter influences)Some things are better, naval invasions and paratroop operations for example.I am hoping Paradox will roll out some nice patches and really fix the AI. I do think this game is worth having, but not neccesarily for full price."
76561198022279588,Not Recommended,394360,34309711,Posted: 17 August,all,Noot,only buy it on sale
,Recommended,394360,32185904,Posted: 4 June,all,Octavian,"Hearts of Iron IV is one of my favorite games that I've ever played.I grew up studying World War II. Movies, TV shows, books, it's always been a huge passion of mine. I also love cerebral strategy games. HoI4 ticks every box for me.This game not only let's you replay history but you can even rewrite it too. I just finished my first UK campaign. The big picture of the war roughly followed the real history, but the path was my own. Remember when Churchill sent Montgomery to defend Greece and push into Bulgaria and Romania, thus opening a second front to relieve pressure on the Soviets? Me neither but, in my WWII, it happened.Division composition, plane variants, different political paths, I love it all. I also highly recommend checking out the workshop for some amazing mods, including total conversation mods like Kaiserreich. Isn't PC gaming just the best?Paradox Studios deliberatley refuses to dumb down its games for a mainstream audience. These games are designed for strategy enthusiasts. The various features and menus take time to learn, but it's not hard. YouTube, the forums and the subreddit are all great places to get advice, not to mention the official Wiki page. So dive in."
76561198144322156,Recommended,394360,23689043,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,"Nicholas ""Nazi Turtle"" Trex","Many people dislike this game and many people love this game. Now I am here to give you all an honest opinion to this game. While the game is very good the game also has some cons.Pros:Very fun: This game is extremely fun. Enough said.Lots of choices: This game gives you a whole lot of choices as to which you country to want to play as. You can play as any countriy that is there. Even Switzerland.Multiplayer is not broken: Unlike the rest of Paradox games, this game does not fall out of sync every 16 seconds into a multiplayer game, sure it does from time to time but not to often.Easy: I own all of Europe, Asia, Africa, and half of North America as Luxembourg. Game is not to hard. Good if you want to relax and have minimal challenge but bad if you want a challenage.Reforms: You have the ability to reform any goverment, it doesnt have to be your own either. I have seen the U.S.S.R. go from full Commie straight into Fascisim and support Japan in its war with America. I have seen the United States of America go Communist and destroy all of England.Cons:Too easy: This game at times can be a little too easy, just a little at the fact that I can actually own the entire world as Luxemberg.AI: The AI seems to have been programed by a child with a monkeys brain. The AI will tend to take your troops and send them as far away as possible, while indeed they were needed on the northen front but no, the AI decided they were needed to defened random proviences as far away from the front as possible.Focus: The game allows all major countries (and Poland) to choice from a wide variety of national focues, but all the other countries (Mexico, Norway, Belguim etc.) all have the same focus trees and it becomes like the same game but in a diffrent position on the map.All around I would say that this is a good game and is fun to play and easy to use after a short while. Can be tough to learn but given time you can learn. This game is awesome and so easy to love and play for so long. After 100 hours or so you might have run out of solo stuff to do and need some friends or some mods, but it is still fun for a long time. I give this game 9/10, and the Turtle Seal of Approvement."
76561198027031183,Recommended,394360,23688172,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Disarmonia77,"good game, needs work, but has huge potential."
,Recommended,394360,23690032,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Red Anon ジークハイル420,"Personally, I find this game very fun, although I have heard very different opinions. This game was made much easier by removing some of the more small details in your nation, such as removing the ability to control money, supplies, civilian products, etc. Many people find that Hearts of Iron 3, or even Darkest Hour, are better games due to how complicated they are and their need for the player to ""get good"" to be able to win. However, I suck at strategy games, and find this one very enjoyable."
76561198137902404,Not Recommended,394360,33441950,Posted: 10 July,all,WildFire,"I try so hard to love this game like I did HOI3. It's just too easy. The AI is awful, the historical accuracy is low. It feels like a much easier version of HOI3. The dlc is extremely over-priced, and often offers less than what you good get with mods for free. The whole game is over-priced, as Paradox is extremely greedy. The only way to truly play this game is with mods, yet that doesn't fix the AI. The AI is horrible, completely ruining the game. Until the AI is fixed, if ever, stick with HOI3. Or at least wait until a sale."
,Recommended,394360,23969917,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,𐱅𐰭𐰼𐰃 𐰋𐰃𐰔 𐰢𐰤𐰤,Great game!Best strategy game ever! - 10/10BUY IT! D:
,Recommended,394360,26719554,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Chiang-Kai-Shek,fun to be minor nations and take over the world did it with the netherlands and hungary now doing it with communist germany to strike soviet unoin for trotsky learnings instead of stalin
76561198170095223,Recommended,394360,26721814,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Sneaky Gamer,"I've been a fan of Paradox games for a very long time. I started with Hearts of Iron 3 and Victoria 2 and then Crusader Kings,  Hearts of Iron 4, like other paradox games will not dissapoint anyone who buys this. Want to make Japan a Communist country fighting a fascist Britain? You can do it. Want to go on the offensive as France? You can do it. Want to Play as Belgium and built hundreds of forts around your border with 100 divisions you built before 1939 and watch the war as you eat belgian choclate in one of your forts? YOU CAN DO IT! This also has workshop support which adds even more content! 10/10 Game"
76561198008663478,Not Recommended,394360,32639500,Posted: 22 June,all,Aldeber,"I've been playing HoI III for years, an excellent strategy game, but I have to confess that HoI IV does not compare.HoI IV is way too ""acarde"", if you are a wargame fan you will get bored in no time... Avoid at all costs, even on sale!"
,Not Recommended,394360,33285183,Posted: 5 July,all,Lucid,"No, just no. It's awful."
76561198260683476,Recommended,394360,33890908,Posted: 29 July,all,joerere,i recommend this game strongly but the only thing is its very hard to learn how to play
,Not Recommended,394360,32641149,Posted: 22 June,all,Hugh Mungus,You can play Hitler in this game who wants to kill the moneygrabbing and greedy people but sadly you can't do it because Paradox (the developer) isn't included in this game!0/10
76561197998823608,Not Recommended,394360,31945600,Posted: 24 May,all,digital_phoenix,Crashes every ♥♥♥♥ing 30 minutes.
76561198000730434,Recommended,394360,23664479,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DukelionIV,"Last night I tossed and turned in my bed, maps filled with depleted divisions burned into my mind, the edges crowded with sinking transports and troop trains crawling through the densely canopied jungles of southeast Asia, all while a leering Roosevelt haunted my dreams."
,Recommended,394360,23427697,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Value Added Tax (VAT),Pick NazisWear UniformThreaten everyoneSteal Their landThreaten moreThey refuse giving landInvade themSteal Their Land10/10 Best Land Stealing Simulator
76561198046302675,Recommended,394360,26985668,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pumba70,"- Make Germany Great Again 1936- Make Japan Great Again 1937- Make Austria Germanic Again 1938- Make Poland Germany Again 1939- Invade France The Same Way Again 1940* See also Make Denmark, Holland, Belgium, Norway, Greece and Romania Great Again- Go to War with Russia & America Again 1941- Make Germany Not Jewish Again 1942- Regret Invading Russia, Africa, & the Pacific Again 1943- Try to Survive In Italy, Russia, & France Again 1944- GG no Re Again 1945Or use your Über Wehraboo knowledge of history/tactics & take over the planet10/10 would Blitzkrieg Again"
76561198007447347,Not Recommended,394360,30990266,Posted: 6 April,all,Kamelnutz,"Just like all paradox games the military combat aspect you can have everything i nyour favor just like in EU4, and still lose battles, idk why i'm not sure if there is just an issue with my games but i've noticed the battlefield"
,Recommended,394360,23965824,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Derek Slide,"Took Spain; Nearly lost Civil War (TY ITALY).Conquered African France,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Soviets.Now fighting for life in Romania.Germans watching war next door drinking beer and laughing.8.5/10 - Would fight 200 Soviet divisions with my 25 Spaniards again."
76561198073155746,Recommended,394360,26193097,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pixo,"I would like to call myself a seasoned RTS game player, and with that knowledge I could never really get the feel for Hearts of Iron III.  As this game approached its release date I could already tell it was going to be much more enjoyable.  Oh was I right.Hearts of Iron IV is a genre of game known as a ""grand strategy"".  The definition of a grand strategy states that there will be means used to obtain a long-term objective.  The longest and most enjoyable plays of any RTS genre of game came from Hearts of Iron IV.As soon as I started playing HoI 4 I didn't think I needed any prior knowledge of how the game works because I had put some time into playing the prequel, Hearts of Iron III.  And I was right again, HoI 4 accomplishes something that its prequel didn't.  An easily navigatable and graspable interface system.  Everything in this game is so well put together that all you need to do is put in the human element.  That being strategizing what line of the tech tree you think is the most important, whether you are going to be producing this unit over that one, should you build up a navy, any question that you could ever think of or any WWII scenario that you could think of can be accomplished and enjoyed through this game.Oh yeah did I mention you could make the Soviet Union Facist? Just think about that for a hot second.Yeah pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,394360,26012760,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Praise the Great Horned Rat,"Can't recommend in good faith. big AI issues, extremely shallow warfare side (production is fine)Developers are also major scumbags, they're charging money to fix broken features when people paid good money for a working product"
76561198077414309,Not Recommended,394360,28204130,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Will,Man I really wished I love this game I really do. Sadly I met all the specs and more some but this game  really starts to lag mid way through the campaign and it becomes unplayable from almost 40 - 60 fps when paused to 1 fps on max speed this game seriously needs optizmation patches.
,Not Recommended,394360,32460987,Posted: 15 June,all,Qabooty,This games tutorial doesnt tell you how to play the game and its way to expensive for what its worth. Rip money
,Recommended,394360,23429309,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,King Tuck 12,"Invaded the US as Mexico, no need for the wall now.Mexican Translation:Ay esse, I'm stealing your country."
76561198036041899,Recommended,394360,28238715,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Olkoth,"Once you learn the ropes of this game, the fruits of victory will be yours. I have nothing bad to say about this game, it is my go to WW2 series and HOI4 has earned its place amoung the greats!PRO:-Awesome/helpful community (some people can be brutal)-EPIC modding community-Great interface-Graphics-Army General control-Great learning curve-A real Paradox tutorial-Production Layout-AICons:-AI choices ( now I did say AI was good but the game sometimes lets the AI make damn bad decissions during war )TL;DR AMAZING GAME AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!! Now if you'll excuse me I have a war to win."
76561198067797577,Recommended,394360,23435606,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TuhPizzaKiller,Just play it once and don't return
76561198087773550,Recommended,394360,33897756,Posted: 29 July,all,Comrade Corbyn ⇋HG-S⇌,Play as a world powerOnly cheatPlay as ♥♥♥♥ing BhutanNo cheating and you win the game10/10 would do addy proud
76561197970345417,Recommended,394360,23575008,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,VoDkA12,"Coming from Hearts of Iron 2 and 3, this new iteration is a unique experience. First and most importantly, it is AND feels like a true Hearts of Iron game; meaning it is compelling, attention grabbing and yet not complete. Before you turn in shock and horror, let me explain.Paradox has a number of gaming franchises, and Hearts of Iron is one of the minor ones. Yes it has a long history, and yet it is relatively modest, with a small group of dedicared followers. The focus is on warfare and a smaller time setting. People coming from other Paradox franchises may have issues with this.As someone who has experience with this series, let me say this. Yes, the game is in a far better state than the release of Hearts of Iron 3. Yes, it does lack flavour. Yes, it most certainly has its issues. Yes, the overall experience in the long run will depend heavily on mods and DLC.I believe it will be a excellent game, yet for new people to this series, it may appear simple, plain and even a bit boring. While stable and running solidly, I do agree it needs more flavour. I know this will come over time, yet right now, it is not here.For now, just after release, I will advice new people caution; yet will remind everyone in its heart it is a proper HoI series, yet it needs refinement."
,Recommended,394360,23519312,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Blackwolfpt,"Hearts of Iron IV is a World War II grand strategy game developed by Paradox Interactive.The Hearts of Iron series has always been Paradox's most unapproachable and unintuitive franchise. Fortunately, the fourth entry got some very needed changes. The needless micromanagement and frustrating mechanics are a thing of the past, while still keeping its essence.What we now get is a more solid experience, with mechanics that are less abstracted and force you to make meaningful decisions. You have to manufacture all sorts of equipment for your divisions, instead of only having to produce generic supplies that magically fit every type of division. As you assign factories to produce a specific type of equipment they get more efficient at doing so, as time goes on. Will you switch production to the more modern tank you just researched, knowing production efficiency will suffer a serious hit, or will you keep producing the previous model at large numbers?Combat has received an overhaul as well. The tedious order of battle system from Hearts of Iron III is gone, with a much more refined and elegant system in its place. You are now also able to create battle plans, where you set your goals to the army, with a general having to implement them to the best of his ability. I understand some people do not welcome these changes, but I personally prefer quality over quantity.The graphics have been greatly improved, and while not the most important feature of the game, it does add to the immersion. Last but not least, the soundtrack is extremely good, setting the tone of the events unfolding before you.Hearts of Iron IV is, in my opinion, one of the best grand strategy games, and I highly recommend it!"
76561198055473724,Recommended,394360,23476195,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Tankslayer_TFX,"Awesome game. Loving pretty much everything about it, and it is completely better than Hearts of Iron 3."
76561198106013105,Recommended,394360,27119910,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,Much better than HoI III. I really like the national focus trees. This Hearts of Iron game is fun.
,Recommended,394360,31091200,Posted: 11 April,all,Ruskii,Maybe the best game about conquering the world in WW2 with a HUGE Steam Workshop and just a nice community :3
76561197971724802,Recommended,394360,23468435,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Hearts of Iron IV is a fantastic entry into what is already acknowledged as one of the best Second World War strategy series in gaming.Mixing just the right amount of detail, depth and accessibility, the developers have crafted a formula that will please returning veterans and allow new players to enter the series without having to read an encyclopaedia of rules and stratagems first.GOOD- Grand strategy with unparalleled complexity and nuance- Less micromanagement than previous instalments with gorgeous map overlays and streamlined submenus- Your decisions have long-lasting effects- Focus on big-picture keeps pace upBAD- Tutorial doesn't prepare players for game's complexity- Slightly complicated/confusing tutorial10/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT | AMAZING |MASTERPIECE"
76561197993835916,Not Recommended,394360,23640386,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,krokua,"This game might become good one day, or may not.Right now it is not good enough for a Paradox game. Let me explain why.If you want to play a grand strategy game - play Europa Universalis 4. It has the best gameplay ever. As a grand strategy EU4 is fun and enjoyable in singleplayer. AI does its job.If tou want to play historical WW2 game - play HOI3. Sometimes HOI3 might be tedious, but that is what you pay for a brilliant game design and it pays back fully.This game has nor AI nor historical strong features.The only good thing is a brigade builder. But it has no sence because you have no enemy to fight with it.AI ruins everything. In one of my games supposedly with a historical focus Germany couldn't defeat Romania for hole year! Germany had around 300 brigades and did nothing. Actually Romania even managed to capture Hungary. And it happens all the time. AI is blind. As a result this game is not playible in singleplayer."
76561198155942127,Not Recommended,394360,23670696,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Heinz Guderian,"If this is your first hearts of iron game, it is actually a good game for you, since it has an a bit less steep learning curve than the third one. The graphics are wonderful, and it runs relativly smooth on my computer. However, the game lacks much needed detail. Only seven (eight with the Poland dlc) factions have unique focus trees. Some factions only use generic portraits for leaders, and a lot of them only have generic ""companies"". As well, the ai makes strange deals in peace conferences, once I saw Yugoslavia taking most of Japan. Seriously?"
,Not Recommended,394360,30742668,Posted: 25 March,all,miyabe,"Don't buy this game. It will seem fine at first so that you play more than 2 hours and can no longer ask for a refund.As someone who played over a thousand hours of HOI2, this feels more like an unfinished tech demo than an actual game. Actually it feels like a slap in the face, and I have severe buyer's remorse even though I got it at a discount. Lots and lots of issues that I can't be bothered to list off exhaustively, but I'll give some examples:I played an Ironman game as China and successfully repelled the Japanese from mainland Asia after years of fighting. I was never given the option to annex Japan's puppets or sign a peace treaty or even liberate Korea. Not long after that, the Allies and Soviets enter into a war with Japan and occupy the home islands. The Soviets sign a peace treaty with Japan puppeting Korea, Manchukuo, Mengjiang, and taking all of Japan's other Asian holdings, leaving me with absolutely nothing except Taiwan. What the hell, Paradox?AI games don't even try to be historically accurate. Italy always joins the Axis in 1939, the low countries all join the allies in 1939 too. The Spanish Civil War is always won by Franco in a couple of months. The Soviets overpower Germany about 6 months into the Barbarossa.The national focus tree is a poor replacement for events, and the only purpose for it is to give some extra flavour to playing as major nations.Lots of stupid annoying generic event popups and no obvious way to control the sorts of messages you want to see like HOI2 had. Important notifications are denoted by tiny icons at the top of the screen and don't make any sound when they appear.Sound effects sound like stock audio. A clapping noise when you finish a national focus? Seriously? Graphics look nice at first but then you notice oversized ship models appearing in coastal provinces.The combat system is an interesting change but it is very fiddly to use. If your frontline splits into two seperate pieces, your army might just abandon one of them. It doesn't feel like I'm in control of my forces at all."
,Not Recommended,394360,29841737,Posted: 11 February,all,Bolo Mark XXXIII,How many DLC preapared paradox for us in this time?
76561198061560047,Recommended,394360,23525140,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Northwind,"So this is my impression of the game so far. I have played close to 50 hours, and overall I think it is a good game, and has the potential to become great. The underlying mechanics and the thoughts about the game is very good, but it is in need of some patches.PRO:-naval combat and air combat works very well-national focus works very well-production and construction and research works very well-Learning curve is not to steepCON:-AI needs improvement, especially Germany-Sahara (and possible other great deserts) should really just be made impassable it is quite ridiculous seeing hundreds of divisions slugging it out in Sahara.-To easy to impact especially major countries politically...I mean seriuosly. USA communist or fascist..really- Technology need to be more country dependent...not all countries should be able to develop the a-bomb.Edit 7th of february 2017. I have now 169 hours in game. The patch is 1.3, and I can honestly say that Paradox is on the right track improving the game."
76561198007206090,Not Recommended,394360,23641065,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Eward,I'll change this review to positive when they will fix this compilation of bugs and will make the game actually playable by releasing at least 5 DLCs (not free obviously).
76561198056433104,Recommended,394360,23439153,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,A Cube Named Gibbs,I turned America into a fascist regime and invaded Mexico10/10 Best Trump simulator on the market
76561198005506602,Not Recommended,394360,23516094,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Nickmard,"Dumbed down verson  of the originals with little to micro-management. Makes for quick, mindless fun but I would say this is  Hearts of Iron for children or simpletons rather being anything close to the originals.  I would reccomend this game if you were mentally challenged/console gamer or wanted to teach your pre-school chilren how to play RTS games."
76561198152821939,Not Recommended,394360,23676083,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Jormungandr,"Yeah, i like this game, but i much concur with most of the negative reviews on some issues that should not have gone through beta. here's an example :1/ Be Mongolia2/ Go to war with communist china for clay3/ Call USSR to help, they do4/Communist China calls China to help, they do5/ we are winning5/ Japanese divisions suddenly appear in my borders, pushing with us against the chinese, turns out they were at war with them too, fine by me.6/ WHy the HELL are they on my clay though ? No pact, no nothing, no linked war or alliance sheananigans, nothing.7/ WHY DONT THEY KEEP PUSHING IN THEIR OWN BORDERS, What the friggin fug is this  ?Much RAGE"
76561198138672714,Recommended,394360,27466518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pone,"Feeling you want to do somthing for you're nation? Feeling that you're country is beeing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥apoun other nations? Well Rise up and fight for you're nation! Expand it to an facshist empire or form you're own union of scialist republics, or maybe you want democratic rule, Every thing is possible as long as you play smart in the World where you're heart melts into Iron,  Play Hearts of Iron 4 were you're ambissions is your graitest ally one of the graitest games I ever played ^^"
,Not Recommended,394360,23671503,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,☹chaz☹,"Stupidly easy, dumbed down, higher graphics flashier version of hoi3. Everything is built in the game to make war better, during research most of the tabs are dedicated to war, most of your factories are dedicated to war (civilian factories are only used to build military factories faster), and the World Tension meter is just mediocre and functions as a ""dont play anything but fascist countries"" meter. Democracies cant fabricate war claims or declare war until ""World Tension"" is at 80%, aka when the World War starts. Every mechanic and quirk is dedicated to war, you cant even trade properly anymore. Because of this, every single game is boring except if you play fascist countries. Every game is the same, play a country that isnt fascist? You'll convert it to fascism out of boredom, then the USA will wipe you off the face of the planet. Thoroughly dissapointed."
,Recommended,394360,24531463,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,synd,"more addicting then eu4 (for me, that is)but seriously, it is really fun, once you learn the mechanics. the game might seem confusing if you haven't played any other paradox titles, so it might be hard to really play the entire game if you are new to ""grand strategy"" games.moving on from that topic, it really improves on the last hearts of iron game, Hearts of Iron 3. for me, hearts of iron 3 was harder to ""learn"", as even though I had played Europa Universalis 4, the mechanics were much more different then that game.in hearts of iron 4, it's much more user-friendly, and if you know it, you can really enjoy the game.for the actual gameplay, I really enjoy doing some, ""odd"" things to history. for example, turning germany democratic, causing no world war 2, but still doing fascist germany things (on the national focus tree)the only downside i have to this game is the ai. paradox ai in most games is a bit bad, but the ai for this is really, well, dumb. I've checked on the ai, and their armies are literally split into one division an army, and have the weirdest battle plans. they also can be in a war with the enemy having no troops, and they can just stand there. they also can, in a peace conference, take something like puppet korea, as FRANCE. I've seen it before.overall, i rate this game a 9/10. the point off is because of the AI. please paradox, fix your AI."
76561197997260453,Not Recommended,394360,30735523,Posted: 25 March,all,Many-Named,"I cannot recommend this game in the state that it is (Broken AI, no air supply, questionable mechanics etc). Also Paradox greed is getting unbeareable, and it's probably the last game I will buy from them despite having bought all of them since the 1st EU (yes the one with an orange cover, not the dark one, and yup bought that one too)."
,Not Recommended,394360,29943661,Posted: 15 February,all,Doc Shadow,If you known and love the Paradox mod community - buy it.If you don't want to start deeply understanding the modding community - AVOID - the base game is simply not going to provide an enjoyable experience.
76561198291532851,Recommended,394360,24511833,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,^sELfie,Best strategy game so far.
76561198077582797,Recommended,394360,24544662,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dragonbron995,Best WW2 Stratgy game i've ever played I highly recommend it
76561197963176814,Recommended,394360,24530040,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,WinterFox,"This is the gold standard for strategic games of all time.The game is like playing checkers on stock, the AI cannot alter its division composition, so i played with a mod that started out all players and AI with decent division templates. v1 and v2 rockets are broken.excellent aircraft implementation, powerful, but not too powerful. you put your aircraft into zones and they have superiority or they dont and they bomb targets in that zone. sorta a fire and forget until your armies move to the next zone and you have to move the aircraft with them.navies have a thing to automatically detact damaged ships to send them back home for repair as an option. navy in general well done.battleplans are extremely well done once you get the hang of it. once you figure it out you wont want to micromanage except for volunteer forces and to close off enemy pockets. even in those cases you can order units while they have a battle plan, theyll do what youve ordered and then once they reach the destination will then get new orders from the battle plan. doesnt get much better."
,Recommended,394360,24117442,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ThatGuy7698,"-Starts game-Plays as Soviet Union-Builds up military and industry-Starts The Great Purge-Signs Non Aggression pact with Germany-Minor civil war breaks out-Wins civil war but Leon Trotsky takes control-Germany invades France, Poland, and Yugoslovia-Germany gives me East Poland as a gift-Japan invades China-Japan doesn't like me-Puts troops at the German and Japanese borders-Non Aggression pact expires-Germany declared war on me-Japan and Italy join Germany-Stuck in an endless stalement between our armies10/10 would Leon Trotsky again"
76561198118905832,Recommended,394360,24140126,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Joules,"A fantastic game with a more balanced sense of depth compared to other Paradox Interactive games. The battle plans are a welcome edition over HoI 3's micro managment and generally is not as watered down as some other people might say it is. To be fair though, it does have some AI issues that are supposed to be fixed with the 1.1 patch (Unit positioning with battle plans, etc...)"
76561198073875274,Recommended,394360,24284162,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,the_xarum,Literally Hitler and chill
,Recommended,394360,24936026,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Snoopy,"Here is the story about me,a young boy who just started playing Hearts of Iron IV...I'm a big fanboy of World War 2 I played all kind of games about ww2 except grand strategy ones,most of my friends playing paradox interactive games they invited me to play with them but I always  told them ""♥♥♥♥ OFF I HATE GRAND STRATEGY GAMES ITS SO SLOW PACED,NO ACTION AND FOR NERDS""Then one day it was like 2am all my friends were offline I felt  alone so I decided to download cracked version of HoI 4 and started playing with no hope.My reading skills in english is not very good so it was little bit boring at first to figure out how everything works in game.I never play tutorials in games but I gave a chance for this one.I started tutorial with ITALY,I said ♥♥♥♥ this I hate mussolini but had to play it even if they wanted me to invade ethiopia,then I completed my first campaign with italy,france was mine allies surrendered.The combination of sicilian wine and french cheese were great.And I told myself ""Moving out units in  Company of Heroes is not for real leaders,doing all mad stuff in HoI 4 is for real leaders ! And bought the game on steam.So this was my first step on grand strategy universe and I learnt this after all,I won't decide anything about a game without playing it !"
,Not Recommended,394360,28882281,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,fat boi,"Paradox first released a completely ♥♥♥♥ing broken game with autistic brain dead AI, and then expect us to fork over half of the base game's price for some DLC that adds stuff that should be in the game already for free. And the AI is still autistic and brain dead. 5/10"
76561198245596784,Not Recommended,394360,31280542,Posted: 21 April,all,alex.kinsler10,"I bought this game after reading every review and after playing many other 4x games including other Paradox games. However after playing multiple rounds as different nations i have come to notice just how bad this game really is. The allies and the russians will steamroll the axis in every game no matter what you do to prevent this. Your units will randomley follow move orders that were never given and no matter how many units you throw at a city you won't take it. An example being that I as Italy attacked the French around 1939. The French at 30% world tension immediatley joined the allies and called every nation against me. I had 24 divisions attacking Nice but the defending force made up of 2 infantry divisions still held the city at every attack, Even when I had air supieriority and were bombing them. I lost the war within five months with my colonies immediatly being taken, my allies: Spain,Portugal and Greece falling beforehand and a 92 division strong invasion force showing up on my door step at Rome. I look back now and realise what a waste of £50.00 this game was."
76561198153241341,Recommended,394360,32116629,Posted: 1 June,all,"Yours Truly, Stalin",is good
76561198167490827,Not Recommended,394360,32122358,Posted: 1 June,all,Nawmsayin,"I really wanted to like this game, but what I gather from the ~17 hours I've played the gameplay is incredibly shallow. Only a handful of nations have their own sets of National Ideas, which makes playing smaller nations less appealing. Paradox has really disappointed me with this one. Maybe after they tack on a bunch of DLC this game will be acceptable, but until then it's gonna be a no from me."
76561198171259889,Recommended,394360,28570428,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Peacock,it a ever good game
76561198081338170,Recommended,394360,28579396,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,elaguy,"My favorite strategy game, Hearts of Iron IV is just downright fun, especially with friends. You can pick basically any country in the world in the WWII-era and lead it to victory! One thing I really love about HOI4 that I believe sets it apart from its predecessors is the amount of freedom you are given; it is much easier to change your country's ideology and government, to create factions, and to simply declare war on everyone. If you enjoy strategy games (especially one's with literally a global scope like this game) and/or a WWII buff, I would highly recommend it. Not to mention the excellent modding scene this game has: thanks to all the mods out there, this WWII based game can become a WWI or alternate history game very easily. I enjoyed it much much more than Hearts of Iron III."
,Recommended,394360,32278212,Posted: 8 June,all,Spooky Scary Skeleton,10/10 would recommend
76561198011051348,Not Recommended,394360,32625460,Posted: 21 June,all,jrbushman,"Chopping up and selling core gameplay features as DLC is this company's main business model. But in a game as broken and unfinished as HOI4 is already, it becomes untenable. In ten years this game might be worth your time, till then don't make the same mistake I did in trying and failing to make it work for over a hundred hours."
,Recommended,394360,32477265,Posted: 16 June,all,zerohybrid,"Fun Grand-Strat if you want to get into the whole genre.Note: This is not a simulation of the war, merely a sandbox to play around withMods do add lots of Replayability. Paradox made my life less painfull with the new modding tools and modding support this game has.However for veterans like myself, i can only recomend this game if your playing with friends who arent realy into it.This game is realy easy, as the target demographic for this game is new players so the learning curve is low.To me, i think its sad that the game doesnt have any espionage and other features.If your looking for a good challenge and a more in depth game, i highly recomend you buy Hearts of Iron 3so DLC... you have to keep in mind this game is not ment for veterans or experienced players, i do agree paradox is going downhill regarding its DLC policy. Its a shame, you cant sell people 2 mechanics for 10 euros paradox!Besides criticism, i am having a great time with this game, its fun, and it wont take me 2 whole weeks to finish a campaign, so its much more approachable. If you have friends, go get it while its on sale, Its tons of fun."
76561198145293217,Recommended,394360,32798355,Posted: 25 June,all,mrspyguy,"It is a pretty good game, just please add more focus trees and don't make me have to pay 10$ for it......going to give it a thumbs up just bc its great (even better with mods)"
76561198023663122,Not Recommended,394360,31148862,Posted: 14 April,all,zhern.the.vulture,"I have played and loved all the other HoI games, and many other Paradox titles. There is much to love in this game - the unit design and factory systems are genuinely very good. That being said, there are enough major issues here that I've started wondering if I should just go back to HoI 3, instead.- Commanding troops is unfun - I play war games to command armies, not to give hugely abstract orders to vast army groups. I want to be the person coming up with clever plans to exploit terrain or to stage a clutch supporting invasion. It's possible to micromanage forces in this game, but it's wildly difficult to do so - I still do manage them, I just wonder why this design decision was made - it sort of feels like I'm playing a game designed by the team that made MoO 3 - more a war industry management sim than an actual strategy game.- resource management is also unfun, and the lack of stockpiles is downright peculiar - all nations maintained stockpiles of key resources, and having stockpiles in game and on the map could provide some really interesting new objectives for armies.- treaties and ai are also a mess, but others have discussed this at great length."
,Recommended,394360,23444992,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Twonky,Fantastic!
,Recommended,394360,23444371,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Big Floppy,">Let's place a game as Yugoslavia to learn the ropes!>I'm going to bully Hungary a bit before Germany swoops in to protect them>Maybe I'll even be Friends with Germany!>USSR takes poland in April of '38.>Takes Hungary in May of '38.>Decides in July that it wants some juicy Yugoslav booty>Hold them off until January of '39>SERBIA STRONK>Germany declares war on me.>Unholy alliance?>No.>No, Germany and the USSR are actually at war at this point.>And they both decide to murder me.>Yay.>November of 1940>Pushed back to a few provinces bordering Greece and Romania.>Suddenly American ships on the horizon.>It's a bit early, but I ain't complaining.>Wait.>Why are they called...>Oh.>America turned fascist.>Allied with Germany.>Decided to sail all the way to Europe just to bully Yugoslavia.10/10"
,Recommended,394360,23444567,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Oryx,great game refunded stellaris for it 10/10
76561198044203858,Recommended,394360,23445133,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,fuTURE,tried to make france communist- got rekt in a second
76561198032835599,Recommended,394360,23444366,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Hobo_Ouster,I made Luxemburg Communist and conquered all of Europe
76561198093584973,Recommended,394360,28915143,Posted: 1 January,all,Wra1th,This is the BEST strategy game I have ever played and thats saying alot because I played the HECK out of CIV 5.
76561198074849881,Recommended,394360,33202029,Posted: 3 July,all,Pablo Escobar,good
76561198098151074,Recommended,394360,33199657,Posted: 3 July,all,Big_Daddy_Sir,im not sure why everyone has been ♥♥♥♥♥ing about this game is awesome!!!
,Recommended,394360,32083051,Posted: 31 May,all,Rave_Darkmane |R♣H|,"This game is a fantastic one to play if you love WW2 and you love strategy. Also if you love alternate history, because history is guaranteed to be altered once you start playing.There are faults with this game, such as how the AI works that Paradox could fix, such as constant AI naval invasions that make no sense as the AI does not realistically make any smart decisions that will not sacrifice that lives of thousands of troops.But otherwise, this game is a lovely grand strategy that you should get and it is always fun to play with friends. Also, this game is a great one to play other mods that the workshop come up with, such as current history. Definitely recommend this game."
76561198089646846,Recommended,394360,33116735,Posted: 1 July,all,HUEHUEHUE,a
,Not Recommended,394360,32224568,Posted: 6 June,all,hazeem,"Game runs very nicely, really enjoy it, great way to pass the time and have fun with your friends. What I dont like is Paradox's money obsession. Hopefully they change it with all of the negative reviews coming their way specifically on this topic. Was going to buy for a friend but I'm not sure since it's gone up by quite a bit. I shall change the review once the price goes back to £29.99"
,Recommended,394360,33293316,Posted: 5 July,all,meme police,10/10 Taking over the world as Luxemburg
,Recommended,394360,33115016,Posted: 1 July,all,Vechtkoning,"great game, great development team and great modding community,thats all."
,Recommended,394360,33116051,Posted: 1 July,all,itsACoppa,"Hearts of Iron 4 is deinitely fun, but there is it's share of problems. The mechaincs of the HOI series are nailed perfectly and are better than they have ever been. The graphics and presentation is incredible and gives an amazing sense of scale. The main problem is the AI, sometimes it pulls of an amazing blitzkrieg and completely blows me away, other times they leave huge gaps in their defenses open for no reason. Overall it's very fun, 8.75/10; the Kaissereich mod is also on steam!"
76561198023598497,Recommended,394360,23460098,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MourningStar,"Finally made it to January 1940 at 26.2hrs on record......9.5/10Would reroll every nation before settling on Portugal again.The game as a whole is pretty polished and finished and fun..... BUTThere are just little things that you wish were just a liiiiiiiiiittle bit different. Hence the 9.5 and not 10. But oh BOY is it fun to play... get in there, create your empire, research the way you wish to wage war.... conquer or be conquered"
76561198089892909,Recommended,394360,33410783,Posted: 9 July,all,froelz,Naval invasion simulator10/10
,Recommended,394360,33406634,Posted: 9 July,all,=3SFG= Wolfxe,Well we got paradox to say sorry for price increase and all so that's cool. I thought this game was a bit casual when I first played it and on vanilla it can be but when you play mp or with some decent mods it has lots of replay value which is great in a paradox grand strat.
,Not Recommended,394360,23537875,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Newikovfefe,"Final Update: Paradox seem to not know their game. Either the game is way too easy or I am too good. The new DLC are absolute basic stuff, which should've been in the game by beta. And since the game is too easy anyway it's not even needed. But well, seeing which paths Paradox chose to ""patch"" with their games, and especially this one, I feel like Paradox is absolutely not worth it anymore. I can preorder EA titles with all their DLC and still save more money and by now somehow get more content. Meanwhile, the games have just become as buggy as Ubisoft's too.____I have to change my review to the negative. Why?The game is way too simplified. You don't even have real control over your units since everything is being automated (which also is horribly bad with AI).You can just conquer the world as any nation (just did as Finland), it's not even a challenge.It's missing TONS of content and has absolutely no depth.And the AI is ridiculous. It's not just horrible, it's moving into the wrong direction. AI can't do a lot of things it could in Hearts of Iron 2 and 3.This feels like the free mobile version of Hearts of Iron for 6 year olds.(The graphics are very nice, thats the only positive about this game.)EDIT: After patch 1.2, there is still not much fixed. This is the most ahistorical and repetitive game ever. Devs don't even really patch, they just implement mods. This game feels like it is not interesting to the developer.EDIT2: After 1.3, which took ages to complete and comes with paid basic-content the game won't run at all anymore. I recommend people with problems not to ask in the forums (as the community for this game is as cancerous as the one in LoL) but to ask support directly, but they don't care anyway but even recommend you to buy the DLC. Paradox showed me that you can go even lower than EA or Ubisoft.UPDATE: Had to fix with 3rd party tools. Tested the contents of the new patch -> Cancer.Why keep what you have when you can rebuy it again in a worse version?My last Parajew Title."
,Recommended,394360,33491979,Posted: 12 July,all,BadLuck™,"I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING, BUT I LOVE IT."
76561198242851008,Recommended,394360,29523168,Posted: 27 January,all,No_Step_On_Snek,"Great game but making me pay too buy a Sabaton album to listen in game I mean come on fam, Kinda milking it you sexy sexy sexy game devs you"
76561198300124110,Recommended,394360,29608660,Posted: 31 January,all,Snacky,Its complicated at first but when you learn the basics it's really fun and it's good for learning about ww2
,Not Recommended,394360,31127927,Posted: 13 April,all,Sherman,♥♥♥♥ING LUXEMBOURG HAS AN ARMY BIGGER THAN ITS POPULATION
,Not Recommended,394360,26720904,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JaRyCu,"I watched 5-10 hours of gameplay for this game on YouTube before buying it, and I also watched EUIV to see which I would like better.  In the end, I chose this one as it seemed the less complicated version of the two.I wish I would've just stuck to watching it on YT.The game is absolutely beautiful.  The voice acting, the maps, the units...there's not a single thing that's not done spectacularly with this game.  The menus are awesome.  It looked like so much fun on YT, and even when I went through the tutorial it looked like fun.As an American, I obviously started with America for my first game.  Well, America is a democracy, so I couldn't attack anything.  I did move a lot of ships out to Hawaii since that's the first battle we were involved in during WWII.  I also moved all of my troops from the Central US to the coasts so that I could get them overseas more quickly.  After that, I started trying to patrol the North Atlantic, but everything close to Europe was marked in red and I wasn't allowed to put ships there, so I was forced to just research stuff and wait for something to happen.After a while, I gave up and started again as France.  Same thing this time.  No fighting, nothing but clicking research buttons.  I'm sure something would've happened on either scenario had I waited longer, but I was just tired at that point and sent the game back to Steam for a refund.If you love grand strategy and waiting for long periods of time, get this game.  I think I'm more of a simple game / tycoon player, though, as this required more patience than I possess."
76561197962502596,Recommended,394360,28725050,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,helmut,Improved so much over hoi3. More stream lined and user friendly.
76561198097932350,Recommended,394360,28773407,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AxiumSA4,"All in all, great game, 8/10.Comparing this to hearts of iron 3 is like comparing a point and click to dark souls. While hoi3 provides a fantastic gaming experience, you kind of need all it's major DLC to make it worthwhile, where on the other hand hoi4 has all that off the bat. On the other hand, hoi4 is just too easy, even on the hardest difficulty. But this is only playing as the major nations and following the HISTORICAL path. Say you play Russia and want to make a global soviet union? Well, that's the kind of thing this game was made for. Not following the path, but taking that path and breaking it apart, only to rebuild it the way you want.I would know.The holy empire of the platypus would not have happened otherwise."
,Recommended,394360,31204901,Posted: 17 April,all,Capitán,I took Iran
,Recommended,394360,30964453,Posted: 5 April,all,BOT Gabe,Very good ww2 stradegy 10\10
76561198011502429,Recommended,394360,23455334,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Chris,"I have played HOI 3 and this is a massive improvement and im satisfied with the product they have sold to us, this game can be hard to understand but once it has been tamed it is great fun and rewarding.My only negative to note is the phase when spliting up countries using war score, it glitches out  if the person with the higher warscore passes. this is only a small negative from what I consider to be a great game.ps; much more stable than hoi3"
76561198263029769,Recommended,394360,28963315,Posted: 2 January,all,Skyrimline,The best strategical game I have played.
76561198053645064,Not Recommended,394360,31401437,Posted: 27 April,all,johnak67,"Absolute Garbage!!  Dumbed down to single digit IQ standards, cannot give orders on the fly, cannot use initiative to sieze an opportunity just plod plod plod, draw pretty line, draw another pretty line, wait draw another pretty line.  Don't you dare not let the AI make every decision for you!Need air cover? no problem we'll be in the vicinity, at least in the same country(ish), probably.  Shoot down aircfraft? What, those aircraft attacking our bases? I'm not sure we are allowed to do that, sorry.  We do look pretty though don't we!Navy blockade a port? well we'll definitiley be in the sea that's for sure! We're never sure which Sea, but isn't that part of the fun?  And don't we look pretty!Arranged transit rights through a country?  Thats great, but you'll still need a front line in your own country and you won't be able to get troops through that country you just agreed transit rights with so your generals will immediately station all troops on your own border and refuse to move because a country you have permission to move through can't be moved through if you need to attack something at your destination!  Pretty her though isn'ty it!There may well be ways to accomplish some of these tasks but ""Intuitive"" is certainly missing form the dictionaries of the developers.All in all a massive step back from HoI III, looks pretty though."
76561198007620168,Recommended,394360,28682517,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Grimvyn,"SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Multiplayer Hoi4 Causes Brain Cancer, Heart Disease, Autism, and May Complicate Pregnancy. SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Quitting Hoi4 Now Greatly Reduces Serious Risks to Your Health."
76561198069074395,Recommended,394360,28749477,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,friendly Micosoft Sup.port,"Hearts Of Iron is a game that I have poured countless hours into and I love. I understand why many people are annoyed, but I believe that the pros out way the cons. Here is my list of pros and cons:Pros:-It has great in depth strategy mechanics.-It is well researched and has great refrences to real history.-It has a good multiplayer, though at times slow.-It is easy to mod, with tutorials made by the very creators of the game and many great mods.-It has a reasonable amount of replay value, as you can play as any country on the map, and become democratic, communist, or fascist, plus you can be neutral (kinda boring) or actively seek war (the fun way).-The music, artwork and general game is quite beautiful.Cons:-The game is buggy.-Whilst the developers are making extra content, it's all bullsheit DLC.-As stated before, the multiplayer is slow and often straight up doesn't work.-Games drag out forever. I have a facsist America game where I have tried to end the war. Every time I kill someone, some other, hard to reach country joins.-Often times the game makes no sense. In one game, Britain somehow got 500 devisions, and 20,000 planes, and came to the rescue of who else, the Axis.-Many mechanics are unbalanced or don't make sense.-The game often feels half done.-The AI are fuqin' reptards.So, time for my opinion. I think these are mostly very valid complaints, my main issue is the expensive DLC. I can't 'ford dat. But I think that the answer to most of the games issue is piratingggg I mean Mods. If you think the game feels a bit repetitive, get a mod that adds some mechanics, or make one yourself. It's not as hard as you'd think. There are mods that fix the AI, make the game run smoother, add different scinarios you can play, like the Great War mod. I assume there are ones that add tech trees for all the countries, if not, tech trees are easy to mod, so I'll probs start working on that. The point is, the community has fixed many of the issues the developers left, which has created a great game, definitely worth the money.Ps: Maybe wait till all the DLC's out, it will probs be the same price with all the DLC included, so you can save a bit."
,Recommended,394360,26924268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rivalley,the ai is more broken than my legs.
,Recommended,394360,28485781,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,MarkNinety9,I'm not sure why I buy these Paradox games. I mainly sit and listen to the music while reading the instructions. I keep thinking that someday I'll be smart enough to figure one out.
,Recommended,394360,28334438,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Umu,"Started with Canada, quickly developed industrial techs and change ideology to fascist . Declared war on the US with 20 divisions. getting overrun by massive american army. But then Italy and Germany sent divisions, soviet sent divisons(why?). Encircled 16 US divisions and crushed them. Now the new owner of white house, sent armies cross the ocean to invade Britain, in less than 4 months Britain is an empire no more. Now in 1944, 200 Canadian divisions ready toInvade soviet Russia with Operation Justin Trudeau. With a population of 30M there must be a lot child soldiers >_<. 10/10 would make Canada great again."
76561198187044971,Recommended,394360,28494665,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,laurence_smith,"This is my second review, which I thought I should do, since it seems that a lot of people just are not reading what the Paradox developers themselves have been saying all along - HOI4 is a work in progress.  There are so many things that interact with one-another, that they never really know for certain how one change will fully effect the entire system.  And then there the acute difference between how a human thinks, and how a machine thinks, exemplified by their recent discovery that countries with governments-in-exile were not viewed by the game as fully conquered, and so when it came time to do those peace conferences - such as if the Soviets capitulated - Poland, with a GIE was keeping Germany from ""bordering"" Russia itself.  They only just caught that.  A complex game as this is as much a work of art as it is a product, and if we - the consuming public - want a game like this, then we just have to buck up, do our part, and help chase down all the bugs and quirks and make realistic suggestions for improvement.  And pay, otherwise REAL LIFE comes along and pushes those developers onto other projects or other jobs that will get their bills paid.That said, I'm re-doing my review as I have a lot more time in-game now - about eight to nine times what I had prior to my last review.  The battle manager works a lot better than the way planning used to work out in HOI3, where a few minutes of inattention would have scores of units overstretching themselves and getting cut off.  That can still happen here, but from what I've seen of my own and of the AI's own planning, such situations are mostly due to setting offensive goals too far ahead; that also leads to the battle planner telling the player they need a lot more force than is really necessary.  Invade like your mother would tell you to - small bites, chew slowly, but thoroughly.  The new Blitz command does work as advertized, and while it does do what a player could do with a simple move order, it does so with a bit more caution.  The revised garrison order also works well, and may be a better way to garrison coastlines than using a fallback order.  Previously, a garrison order would concentrate too much at ports, and not enough at the victory points where resistance was usually being generated.  The air system does get out of hand, with far too much emphasis on ""Air Superiority"" and not making it necessary to really do anything with that once achieved.  I disagree with bombers being able to help with that score, as they should be helping by BOMBing enemy airbases, trapping aircraft on the ground.  The strategic bombing option does need more sub-options, as there are just too many things that fall under the banner of ""strategic bombing"" to be covered by just one button.  The strategic air zones are way too large in some areas, which does lead to one's effort being spread too thin.  However, the air system will no doubt be addressed later - it has too much potential for improvement to be left alone.This game does have a long learning curve, and like so many games, there are tricks to it.  HOI3 had a lot more fine detail to get lost in, and while ""immersive"", it was also confusing and overwhelming.  A lot in HOI4 has been streamlined for wider playability, but the game is also a lot more moddable than its predecessor.  Its a lot like a challenging puzzle, and as such, there is a lot to gain just from learning how to play, as their is to just playing it.  This is no ""Call of Duty"", where a player is only required to be quick on the trigger, and able to be lead by the nose about a linear path - and I do still enjoy those games, but they have their time and place.  This game is for people who think, people who plan, and people want to CRUSH THEIR ENEMIES and enslave the survivors!  It can be like a drug at times, and winning against a major enemy can also feel like a loss, as now you've lost part of the challenge, but then you either play on, or you restart and try something else - maybe a new country to play, or try a new mod, or perhaps you've realized a whole new strategy to test out.  Either way, you keep coming back over and over.What did I like about the game?  Hard to put my finger on that, as I've ranted at my wife about so much despite coming back again to play more, and a lot of times, I find out it was just me - sometimes one can be too fixated on having something go a certain way, they lose sight of everythign else.  Step back and its liek I'm watching some stupid romantic comedy from the 80's, where the foolish main character is so fixated on his dream-girl he fails to notice the real thing was at his side all along [though in real life she'd be chasing her own dream guy, usually some emo biker wannabe tucking his pantlegs into his shiny new cowboy boots (not how real cowboys wear them)].  Sometimes you have to take a step back and think some more about what you are not seeing, as opposed to what you expect to see.What do I like?  As of today, I've got well over 400 hours into the game.  What don't I like?  Would I buy it again - absolutely!  Would I take it as a gift - yes, and I'd be thankful and not heard from again for at least a month!  Woudl I steal it - discretely, of course, and I'd blame it on the dog [the htings they do get into]!Simply put, I love the game!  If you like to be challenged, enjoy the feeling of terror as a mere game appears to be handing you your backside [possible with the difficulty settings and the boosts for individual powers], and want to experience the rush of somehow surviving despite it all, then by all means, buy the game!  Play it, but give it time to grow!"
76561198149272410,Recommended,394360,31492107,Posted: 1 May,all,holly.moan,This Game is about world war 2Hope this helps
76561198002073758,Recommended,394360,31573162,Posted: 5 May,all,Jeffrey Mott,This is possibly my favorite game ever. The most interesting thing is you can play any country in the world of your choice leading up to world war II and the how WW2 pans out and the state of the world after any peace accord. Its amazingly fun to try and end up with a better world or outcome from WW2 such as maintaining an independant Poland or playing as Australia and finding that the US stays out of the war till very late and you and the overstreched British have to take Japan on alone in the pacific. I really can't praise this game enough.
76561198077551408,Recommended,394360,29743371,Posted: 6 February,all,Tronhammer,"If you like Paradox's brand of grand strategy game and you like WWII as a setting, then Hearts of Iron 4 is for you. If grand strategy looks cool but you think it may be too much to handle, give Hearts of Iron 4 a try. I both respect and find myself a little annoyed by the dumming down of the vast systems that Paradox has been known for. I has the ability for you to make WWII happen any way you want. You want Japan and Australia to team up and fight the USA? You can. You want Poland and Germany to team up and take down the USSR? You can. Do you want WWII to happen the exact way it happened? You may set the AI up for historical focus and watch the world light it self on fire like ours did. Make World War 2 your World War 2."
76561198108748093,Recommended,394360,23573742,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dom the Spacem8n,Can I just say I've only been playing this game for a couple of hours and I love it. This is my first Grand strategy game ever and I already understand a lot of it. 9/10 Definitly worth the money.
,Recommended,394360,30525076,Posted: 15 March,all,Nuklearweasel,It's okay.
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,394360,30938267,Posted: 4 April,all,NIN2,A tutorial would have been nice!After reading the comments let me rephrase it. The current tutorial is not efficient at all. Thank you youtube for getting one started.
76561198076287450,Recommended,394360,27491111,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gunter,Prety good strategy game
,Recommended,394360,28382982,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Drysword,"This game is great!  I can put a few hours over a few days into a campaign and do some cool stuff.  This is a description of my favorite campaign:In 1936 AD, as the old calendars read, the Brazilian people rose up in righteous anger and seized the means of production of the corrupt Brazilian state. With the fervor of success and a burning desire to spread the revolution, Brazil set out on a worker's crusade against the old regimes oppressing the peoples of Latin America.  By the start of 1938, Brazil annexed about half of South America but then got the US involved when declaring war on a democratically-aligned Peru.  The Americans joined with the forces of capitalism - the imperialist Allies, who had oppressed the innocent workers for centuries in the Old World.  Brazil, having brought much of South America into the worker's fold, then proceeded to secure its borders by invading every country south of Mexico, one by one forcing them to join the Allies and quickly overwhelming their defenses.The great battles of South America brought Brazil victory after victory: the strategy of surrounding the enemy through precise and carefully executed planning cut supply lines and the hardened veterans of the Colombian Liberation (who made up the strong backbone of the Brazilian military for the duration of the wars) utterly destroyed American forces sent to prop up weak and ineffectual governments.  The Battle of Patagonia, fought across all of Argentina, was the single largest battle in Latin American history: 750,000 Greater Brazilian troops invaded Argentina from occupied Chile and Brazil, which was quickly reinforced by a massive American force sent to use Argentina as a staging point to crush the people of South America once more under cruel colonial rule.  While it is unknown how many of the Allies died in Argentina, modern estimates of the carnage showcase the brilliance of Brazilian leadership in battle: about 120,000 Latins died, but over 2.2 million Americans, Argentinians, Canadians, and British soldiers were killed or captured in the 5 month battle.  This resounding victory is credited to the new armor divisions that broke Allied lines and captured major ports, trapping millions of enemy soldiers in rought terrain with few supplies, and the courage and valor of the proletarians who kept the main forces busy while allowing the tanks to do their part.  This battle unified South America for the first time in history and allowed Brazil to begin their own Atlantic Wall to rival Hitler's in Europe.  Indeed, the Latin fortifications were far more extensive than anything the Germans ever built, a testament to the productivity of the free workers of South America.From the ashes of the old democracies and military juntas, an alliance of Latin Workers was forged at the 1939 Quito Conference - the People's Socialist Union of the Americas, which came to be known colloquially as ""Greater Brazilia"".  Agents in America and Mexico, the only sizeable threats to growing Brazilian dominance in the Americas, managed to secure support from key figures in both nations.  In Mexico, the people overthrew their oppressors and installed a Communist government.  They immediately petitioned to join Greater Brazilia, but the leaders of Mexico and Brazil agreed to delay their entry until a strategic solution could be worked out to deal with the quickly growing American military on the Mexican border.  Military access for Brazilian troops was granted, allowing Brazilian workers to begin their preparations for the American war within miles of their great enemy.In New York, however, a conflict was brewing: the workers of America, frustrated with military failures in Latin America and the growing strain placed on the people to produce war material to kill their fellow proletarians to the south, began supporting a Communist movement based in New York City, a historical center of oppression and subjugation.  The Brazilians supplied their embattled brethren with the weapons needed to revolt against the tyranny of democracy.  On the outset of civil war, Mexico joined Greater Brazilia and blitzed the American southwest.  Brazil, having unlocked the secret to nuclear weapons, bombed major cities in the South, hastened the American capitulation.  America and then Canada fell to Greater Brazilia, which unified the Americas into a massive, fortified worker's paradise.After securing the Caribbean, Brazil prepared to intervene in Eurasia - Japan, relegated to the home islands, was the last Axis state.  All of Germany and Italy fell to the USSR in 1944, who occupied everything from Alsace to Hong Kong (China having fallen to Japan in 1938), to Sicily, to Ethiopia, and to Constantinople.  The Allies, bereft of their colonies (mostly occupied by the Soviets) and now of the industrial powerhouse in America, were clinging to Britain and France and the shards of their empires, waiting for over a thousand Latin proletarian legions to cross the seas and crush the antiquated ways of capitalism into the dust of history.  Now, the only conceivable outcome of this global revolution was the dominance of the workers - the two great Communist blocs, allied in all but name, would bring peace to a world ravaged by the arrogant fascists and the greedy capitalists.In late 1946, Brazil and her allies began their final push to wipe the Allies from the map.  They invaded Greenland, Iceland, the Shetlands, and then Scotland.  British resistance was low, most of their divisions wiped out by the Axis in the failed invasions of Italy and Aquitaine in 1941-1942 and the Battle of Patagonia.  With the Royal Navy sidelined, Brazil began to truly flex the muscles of the Latin and American workers.  France fell shortly afterwards having been crippled by German occupation and the invasion beforehand.  South Africa posed no threat, surrendering with barely a fight.  India, which was merely a puppet of the British, was bypassed in favor of invading the new leader of the Allies, the Australians.  With the atomic bombing of Sydney and the fall of this last major member of the Allies, a great victory was won over the feeble forces of the old order.  With Greater Brazilia incorporating new members in Britain, France, S. Africa, Australia, Canada, and the United States, it set its sights on the final enemy of the workers: Japan.By this time, the combined naval powers of the former Allies and their comrades in Latin America far outsripped any Japanese capabilities.  Within months, naval supremacy was established and the Soviet Union and Greater Brazilia undertook a joint invasion of the Japanese mainland.  Fighting was fierce - over 200 Japanese division survived to fight the final battle - but the workers prevailed, raising the Soviet flag over the ruins of Tokyo and the Brazilian over the burnt husk of the Imperial Palace in Kyoto.  In 1950 peace came at last to a world weary from 12 years of constant war.The victory of world revolution forced the last dissidents into exile.  New Zealand isolated themselves on their island, refusing to contact the outside world that had turned against them and their backwards capitalist ideology.  India, having never been invaded, remained non-aligned, though the necessity of trade with the new Comintern should inevitably inspire the masses of India to change their ways one day.  The Comintern, expanded by the addition of Greater Brazilia, brought the masses into harmony for the first time in human history.  March 1, 1950 - the day of the official Japanese surrender - was marked in the annals of history as Unity Day.  The calendars were reset to honor the glorious victories of the proletariat: March 1st became New Year's Day, and 1950 became 0 PE, the People's Era.  Long would man sing of the victories of his forefathers, who brought the evils of the past to heel and built the future we enjoy today!TLDR: nuclear commie Brazil sacked US, invaded Allies & Axis, communism for all"
76561198169535897,Recommended,394360,34224940,Posted: 13 August,all,nebuladarkhart,"Man oh man what a game. This game is such a cool and interesting idea and I love it a lot. It's amazing seeing how little changes can impact the entire world. People say this game is really easy, but if you're not well versed in strategy games this ones gonna be a challenge. It's pretty complicated and understanding the basics is gonna take some time not to mention mastering strategy. But if you're willing to put in the time and effort to change the world this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,394360,28817344,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pan,"Fun base game, why the ♥♥♥♥ are so many key features pay-walled?FINISH YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAMES BEFORE RELEASING THEM PARADOX!"
76561198243826642,Recommended,394360,31599352,Posted: 7 May,all,Jeff,"good game, but usual paradox move with overpriced shallow dlc. Just download mods off the workshop, you get more content that way"
76561198253672064,Recommended,394360,31796910,Posted: 16 May,all,Darth Winter,best game ever
76561198039432855,Recommended,394360,33579257,Posted: 16 July,all,Vader was framed,"Lost my girlfriend, Lost my job, Lost my house.....worth it."
76561198217559559,Recommended,394360,33152122,Posted: 2 July,all,✪Lord of Apples™,"1-Make good updates for the community.2-Be greedy and make DLCs.Paradox are choosing 2. But Hearts Of Iron 4 is still a great world war 2 strategy game. I like it.And in the workshop you can find hundreds of great mods. Like Millennium Dawn, Kaiserreich, Red Worldand much more great mods. And tons of achivements (challenges).This is my favorite game."
,Recommended,394360,33053178,Posted: 30 June,all,Arr too Dee too,"I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game but it's fun. The Vanilla game is good, with the exception of the♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC's, but then again, it's Optional. Plus, with mods, like Millenium Dawn, You can squeeze all the Juice out of Paradox's Teet. But either way, 9/10 IGN."
,Recommended,394360,24323922,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,R0BIT KING,11/5 would conquer the world as glorious Poland again.Pros:Good game 11/5Cons:Dumb Russia being mean devs plox nerf 0/19Overall: 105/y very good game yes yes
,Recommended,394360,32474680,Posted: 16 June,all,Váli,"As someone who recently bought the game because of the sale, I would like to review this game from a beginners perspective. As someone who does not spend much time on stratergy games (the closest I have been to stratergy games are CIV 5, mount and blade and city skylines), this game is very complicated and in depth. I am starting to like it though, it has a new form of challenge to fight.I first got the game, started the tutorial and thought...what on earth, i guess i am going to have to learn through experience, so i started as a passive enough country (sweden) and gave up almost instantly, due to the endless screens of information and important features. (so i gave up completely and refunded the game)I then went on to repurchase it the day after, feeling bad and wanting to not give up because it was abit too difficult, so i redid the tutorial, conqoured that part of africa and felt good. I then went on to have another war with a larger more powerful country than an african one. Which i went on to win.Now i dumbly conqoured a country which had the backing of the allies and am at war with everyone. With only one tech tree...because i did not notice it has multiple trees and my ally (germany) has conqoured france, with me being carried to victory. I might be as useful as italy was in the real war, so immersive :D (joke)"
76561198121907967,Recommended,394360,33470947,Posted: 11 July,all,DaMoon1013,"Hearts of Iron IV is an amazing World War II strategy game. If that's all that you need to hear and don't want to read the details, that's perfectly fine. But be warned, this game is very difficult at first. The learning curve is huge in this one!What do I mean when I say this game is hard? Well, there's a lot of mechanics and features that you will need to learn. It's actually very overwhelming at first. There are so many tabs and buttons that I don't even know STILL what 20% of them DO. Keep in mind as well that I have had the game for quite some time. Something as basic as deploying and training a division will take time! Playing the Tutorial and even watching a couple of Let's Play Videos/ Tutorial Videos is a MUST. However, this game gives you A LOT of fun stuff to do and a load of content! I would also recommend playing as a major power first, as they give you some great advantages and options that are unique to them. This game is also great if you love history, as there are LOADS of events that are referenced from the 1930's and 40's (Specifically Disasters in the World and very Important Worldy Events). Some are even interactable, like the Spanish Civil War. But is this game fun? Well, if you are a fan of strategy and war, 100% Not everything has to stick by history exactly either. You can puppet Greece as England or start a fascist uprising in the United States of America. Right now, I'm playing as the WWII version of the Paris Commune in France allied with Republican Spain under the faction ""International Workers Commune"". This game has also pretty detailed accuracies on the weapons, tanks, artillery etc. that was used in the war by the year that you are researching them in. Meaning a heavy tank reseached in 1940 is going to be signifigantly better than a Great War tank from 1918. This game also allows you to do a fascist, democratic or communist route. Even though there not super different from each other, they each give you unique options for how you want to play. Democratic Routes have restrictions on certain laws but fascist or communist ones don't, which can be a lot of ♥♥♥♥ing fun. :DSO GET THIS GAME! IT'S WORTH THE 40 BUCKS!"
76561197970760970,Recommended,394360,26066958,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zebastion Der Downser,This game is like heroin
,Recommended,394360,31183862,Posted: 16 April,all,afinati,"This isn't my kind of game. I don't like games that lean too heavily on warfare, games that have short timespans, or games that depend on lots of production. To the chagrin of HOI3/earlier fans, a lot of these elements have been streamlined here. I was grateful, because I wanted to support Paradox, play around with alternate history, and bask in the really cool graphics and interface. I grew to like having to make decisions between mass producing one model or sacrificing some efficiency in retooling, I had fun a couple times going through the really simple alternative history routes for nations (making America communist/etc), and I was never too irritated by the mechanics. However, the ""isn't my kind of game"" thing eventually got to me and I don't think I'll be picking it up much more than I already have. The Together for Victory dlc didn't add much, I don't know what's next, and I don't expect a war game to add much in the way of trade, diplomacy, or internal politics anyway.I'm still recommending it because it's just so darn accessible (for a Paradox game) and pretty."
,Recommended,394360,30171490,Posted: 25 February,all,Kebab Remover,Best strategy game I have every played.
76561198098616449,Recommended,394360,23532834,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,𝓙ℛℛℳ,>Annex France>Gives top half to Croatia>Bottom half to Japan>Everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥>Soviets take all of Europe>Great game 10/10
76561198135095017,Recommended,394360,23542604,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,spartan,this is a very good game personally one of my favorite hearts of iron games. first it is very good looking and this dosent make or break the game but it does make it nice to look at and helps to immerse the player or at least me. the game can be pretty confusing but at some points mainly with the airforce and the missions and things of that sort. but learning the game is what makes it fun. i learned how to do most things in the game very easily and some were a bit harder but i was able to learn them on my own without the need for videos or the wiki.
76561198031236202,Recommended,394360,23561793,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,King O' Lemons,"-Play as Latvia-Turn Latvia in a facist country-Latvia becomes The Empire of the Thunder Cross-Justify war agaisnt Estonia-Go to war with Estonia-Poland invades Lithuania-Those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was going to invade Lithuania!-Justify war agaisnt Poland-Conqured Estonia-Joined Axis-Continue building and training army until I can justify war agaisnt Poland-Declare war on Poland with the backing of Germany-Since I declared war on Poland, England and France dont care as much about Germany-In the wake of battle most of Poland becomes part of The Empire of the Thunder Cross!-Now Germany can focus on the Soviet Union10/10I should probably be the last person in the world who should have a time machine!"
76561198042996035,Recommended,394360,23561983,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Riles,"Overall I would say this is a great game, though not without flaws (as most games have)I would say in many ways this is a improvement over HOI3, right now I feel that the biggest complaints are AI and deplomacy. I think the biggest improvement is the production system. I think the big flaws will get fixed and improved on with some simple patches.I would say that it is worth the full price."
76561198340576107,Recommended,394360,28990929,Posted: 3 January,all,thatgreatguy,great game 10 out of god damn 10
,Recommended,394360,30075183,Posted: 21 February,all,Flot and The Great King Zog,Really fun if you enjoy changing history and strategy. After a few hundred hours the mods make this games replayability great and I hope great mods keep coming out
,Not Recommended,394360,31941236,Posted: 24 May,all,Robert Wells,"Yes, it's a nice game. No, I do not recommend it.For this price, it simply lacks too much. Everything outside warfare is very basic; some of the most interesting parts of WWII aren't even featured! The fact that Paradox pushes out DLC after DLC at this point is actually... a bit insulting.Expect buying this to be like purchasing WoW (back in the day, that is). You can buy the game, and have som fun with it, but to even be able to experience the full game you will need to cash up much more than the base game costs."
,Recommended,394360,31943297,Posted: 24 May,all,captain5thva,Great Game!!!!
76561198321992283,Not Recommended,394360,33508137,Posted: 13 July,all,NovaTronX,"This game is so stuipid and terrible. The battle system and graphics are better in Clash of Clans, and that game is free!If this game was free, I wouldn't mind, but it is 100% not worth it's price."
,Recommended,394360,32720568,Posted: 24 June,all,delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol,"PROS:- Mods- Many nations to play as- Alternative history- Conquering Germany as Luxembourg is too easy- Multiplayer- Real fun game- The community isn't toxic like in CoD or CS-Some of the DLC is free DLC (not much on them but hey, they're free)CONS- Together For Victory, this DLC isn't worth it... adding a focus tree for a country with max 1.5 million manpower (New Zealand) and adding new focus tree's for British colonies is cool but playing $15 for that is just stupid, the DLC plays like a mod from the Steam Workshop to be honest.- I get around 18fps on 5 speed, I'm running the game on an Intel Core i5 6600 3.3Ghz 4 cores, 8GB DDR4, GTX 970 Windforce X3 4GB GDDR5 RAM. Amazing optimisation..."
76561198042543226,Recommended,394360,26997902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Divine Venturer,Very fun game for people new to this sort of strategic style (myself incuded). The mechanics are easy enough to understand without being too simplistic. As this is a Paradox game it can be expected that it will only get better with time as more features are added. It is very fun to turn off the Historical A.I and just see how one of the worst wars in human history turns out!Recommend: Absolutely. Especially for knew players.
76561198278453774,Recommended,394360,30823073,Posted: 29 March,all,Joseph Stalin,"This game is mega FUN. I've personally got over 200 hours into this, and it is great. I would personally say that it is a stricly a casual game and not entirely historically realistic. For historical realism, i would suggest Hearts of Iron 3"
76561198031433857,Not Recommended,394360,31005796,Posted: 7 April,all,rackak2010,The game is nothing else than 1 or 2 painfully long wars.The game cannot advance at an adequate speed.The gameplay is very lacking in depth.Would maybe recommend this on sales if the game could run at least 10 times faster.
76561198221739588,Recommended,394360,26123319,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dimitri Ivanov,"Nuked D.C. As the Dominican Republic 30,000/30,000 emails"
76561198022185984,Recommended,394360,26206565,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,kingof kings,test
76561198007427821,Recommended,394360,25915043,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JerBearz,47 hours played in the last 3 days! Help! HELP!
,Recommended,394360,25959505,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,morganlee,"September 4th, 1939> Estimated Units in France = 81-149September 16th, 1939> France has capitulated"
,Recommended,394360,26031800,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,=S.F.G.= Warguy716,"An good ww2 stratgey game,could be improved"
76561198191220930,Recommended,394360,26200822,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,jacksontupman40,"If you are new to paradox and their specific brand of strategy games then do yourself a favor and buy this game. Better yet, put all of the paradox games on your wishlist, wait for them to go on sale, and then buy them.A couple quick points:-There is a huge amount of ways to play the game. I am 40ish hours in and feel like I have barely scratched the surface. You can choose any country on the world map to play. You can turn on or off ai historical accuracy and allow for some crazy stuff. The easy ability to change government types allows for you to even have varied experiences within the same country. Virtually no two games will be the same.-The basics of the game are expertly crafted. The UI and layout are clean and easy to understand. I really enjoyed using the interface for a while and then as I learned more about the game through playing it, I began finding new mechanisms to give me a greater level of control over my country.-The only major problem I have found is that near 1943 the game slots down in performance and the frame rate is pretty bad. While it is understandable considering the game is showing many battles and hundreds and hundreds of units, the only way to play the game at any speed is by zooming out to where it's hard to tell exactly what's happening or just dealing with it.Regardless, this is an amazing game! If you are new to paradox you should go for it and then if you like it go check out their other games!"
76561198051060435,Recommended,394360,25952349,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Shrekt,You can't say Frankreich without Reich
,Recommended,394360,26208121,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,The_Turtle_Man,"-Plays online with friend-Picks Nazi Germany, he picks Italy-Join forces in axis♥♥♥♥♥♥Ethiopia-Build up against Poland and France, he does same to france-Builds nukes in secret-Invades Poland-Allies Declares war, Invades France with Italy-Nuke Paris, surprises friend while laughing-France Capitualtes along side Poland-Turns to Britan, Nukes, Naval Invade, they capitulate-Friend Focuses on Africa-I turn to Russia who starts to declare war on me (Silly Bear)-Hungary, Yugoslavia, Romania, Japan, and Nationlist Spain-Starts secret coup im America-Russia attacks looses instantly Invades Nukes Leningrad, Capitulate.-Friend takes all of Africa, We laugh-Coup in America happens, i use my stolen british bases to Nuke D.C.-Invades Canada and America, they capitulate.-Goes to British Raj, they give in, capitulate-Owns entire world with Italy and Co.10/10 Will Nuke Again"
,Recommended,394360,29794149,Posted: 8 February,all,Jumbo Shrimp,Nothing beats a good ol' coup
,Recommended,394360,31033033,Posted: 8 April,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,I haven't got the slightest clue of what I'm supposed to be doing or how to do it...
76561198084047672,Not Recommended,394360,30037460,Posted: 19 February,all,Kovakanki,"I played thoudsands of hours of HoI 2 and its incarnations, never got into HoI 3. My views on HoI IV:Good:- Doesn't crash as often as older P'dox games- Production works and is improvment over older titlesBad:- AI on several levels:* Strategic/front AI is a cluster♥♥♥♥♥ (Africa madness, invasions, division suffling etc.)* AI nations too much railroaded by their national focus- Hollow/simplistic naval and air warfare- No proper supply system- AI again- Simplistic diplomacy, awful peace conferencesGenerally worst Paradox game I have played: Very poor design choices, lacking depth and flavour. */****, not recommeded, at least for serious grand strategists."
,Recommended,394360,30988832,Posted: 6 April,all,cheetusdorito,"It's 1936.You're at the helm of the resurgent German Reich, casting off the heavy burden of the Treaty of Versailles. You start building fighter planes, tanks, and infantry divisions for your conquest of Europe. You make territorial demands from Czechoslovakia and Poland. It's a step too far for the Western Allies, who finally decide to stand up to your bullying......then the USA breaks out in a civil war between Californian fascists and East Coast Roosevelt supporters.Welcome to Hearts of Iron IV, the latest strategy game from Paradox. Think ""Axis and Allies"" on steroids. For the uninitiated, Paradox makes historical grand strategy games that make the Civilization series look like Candy Crush Saga. You can play any country in the world. It's open-ended, so you can set your own goals. Turn the whole world red as the Soviet Union, or try to stay alive as Liechtenstein—it's your choice. You can micromanage research, construction, unit composition and training, grand strategy, and battlefield tactics.Here's what the developers got right:- You can map out a grand strategy ahead of time and have the AI execute it- Simplified map makes it easy to see where your units are and how to move them- Division creator allows you to customize unit templates for different roles- Detailed puppet nation system that lets subject nations gain their freedom in stages- Decent performance through the early game, less lag in late game than previous titles (depends on your specs)- Current DLC (Poland: United and Ready, Together for Victory) adds valuable content and game mechanicsHere's the bad:- Minor nations lack the rich detail of previous HOI games, getting a generic decision tree and events- It's far too easy — and cheap — to flip large countries to fascism / communism. Causing a civil war by taking your own country down one of those roads is easily avoided.- Paratroopers can be gamey and overpowered; it's easy to beat the UK as Germany with some planes and parachutes over London- Game continues to 1948 and beyond, but you'll probably complete your research tree by 1943-1944Overall, I'd recommend HOI4 to first-time Paradox players. It's a much gentler introduction to the series than HOI3. Bear in mind that future DLCs are planned and the developers are actively fixing balance issues, so the game you'll have 6-12 months from now is going to be much better than the game you buy today."
76561197969095869,Recommended,394360,24651785,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gniwii,"Are you the defender of Liberty, a fanatical Commie bent on bringing down immoral capitalists, or a dirty dirty Nazi this is the game for you. Has a much easier interface and control of units from earlier editions. Still takes some work to figure out properly and manage successfully, but worth the first few failures. Also has ahistorical options which can definatly effect the course of the histroy of World War II. Maybe the British decide they want North America back, or the French decide to imbrace facism. Its a volitile world where men with power are going to spark the biggest conflict the world has ever seen and you get to be a part of it.Plus killin Nazis!"
76561198023519736,Recommended,394360,25030060,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Iron E,"Catchy gameplay, playable as almost any country, ways to alternate history... examp: You can rule world as Czechoslovakia along side with germany in SP, witch is no mods or cheats, just hard work. So its kind of balanced as long as you join the right side. Game itself is fun, mp is great with randoms and even better against friends ( as long as you get like 8-12 ppl) All together game can hold you for week or two, eventualy starts being borning tho."
,Recommended,394360,26154307,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ritz42,That moment when facist brazil starts world war 2 a year before its supposed to happen by attacking a too many other south american countries therefore causing germany and italy to capiulate within a year and a half. 10/10
,Recommended,394360,26566520,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Maximus Decimus Meridius,"Tek Kelime İle ""Harika"""
,Recommended,394360,33332596,Posted: 6 July,all,bob builder,"After playing this for a while, I absolutely loved it. The base game is fantastic and has many creative avenues for the player to change the course of history or play according to it. The steam workshop also offers amazing mods to enhance the experience. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,394360,29779315,Posted: 8 February,all,RazaЯ,the UI is so bad7/10
76561198331529417,Recommended,394360,31751320,Posted: 14 May,all,tbanchivas,Great game but I usually use mods however the Vanilla game is good just don't by the DLC unless u really want it.
76561198253545686,Recommended,394360,31790726,Posted: 16 May,all,Frost¥¥,What a Game
76561198164851992,Not Recommended,394360,32295352,Posted: 9 June,all,President Donald Trump,"Non existant AI, DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, not enough depth, the only nation that is fun to play as is Germany and the ♥♥♥♥ing generic portraits look so bad that I want to kill myself.If you decide to buy this play it with mods and mods only. Otherwise it´s unplayable."
76561198367645949,Recommended,394360,32416253,Posted: 14 June,all,emailluca,"My first game from paradox and it was fantastic. As a huge military history fan i was glad to see a game which got the scale of WW2 perfectly. I would highly recommend this to all as a great WW2 game and just a great game overall.Gameplay is superb with massive campagians and naval invasions (Although sometimes naval invasions were a bit off with how they were handeled by the AI and the frustration of getting control of the sea's around where you want to invade). It felt grwat to see my M4 shermans roll over the enemy while having complete air support as well. Naval combat can be left to the AI which is great so you do not have to concentrate on it to much and the allied nations mostly do a good job at helping you out as well (In my first campagian as the US by the time i finished north africa in 1943 Germany had been invaded by the UK,Portugal,Grecce,Denmark,Sweden and a whole load of commanwealth members."
,Recommended,394360,32710724,Posted: 23 June,all,Sloppy Seconds,"took a few hours to get a basic understanding of game mechanics, now that part is over and im addicted. Game is not for those with weak attention span or who are afraid of a challenge. Im impressed, this game turned out better than I expected."
76561198097373392,Recommended,394360,32225880,Posted: 6 June,all,Kaa,Awesome game.
76561198264170435,Recommended,394360,32268339,Posted: 8 June,all,davidhendry101,I Have had lots of hours of fun playing this game.
76561198085107826,Not Recommended,394360,32318629,Posted: 10 June,all,Wh,sudden increase in price of the game and dlc without reasons
76561198059544377,Recommended,394360,32446684,Posted: 15 June,all,onix8198,"It is a great game, it really is, but the dlc template is just awful. I don't mind making countries part of dlcs but i don't agree with game mechanics and added features that should be free being in dlc forcing people to pay money to get a full experience out of the game. Things like spearhead battleplans and other such features and game mechanic enhancements should be free. DLC is meant to be added content things that are optional not required to make the game play better. It is supposed to make the game more fun and more in depth and in terms of rpgs, longer with more quests. But, DLC you have to buy just to get a smoother better playing game is wrong. So thumbs up for the base game regardless of its faults but a thumbs down for paradox as a company. I am rather disappointed they don't understand what DLC is like all other big companies do understand and they are still rich companies even by using the DLC system properly so they have no excuse."
76561198035001458,Recommended,394360,23446005,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Nichothodes,"I've been waiting for this game for quite sometime (If I recall correctly it was supposed to be out a year ago), and I must say it did not dissapoint. It's by no means perfect, but what it is is a rather polished, and very functional experienece, with all the features it needs to have, unlike some games (I'm looking at you Stellaris). From my experience so far, which is comprised of a Legionary Romania Campaign, here are my thoughts.+Diplomacy works fairly well, you're able to change your own nation's alignment and fairly easilty join the faction of your choice (faction leaders have +20 reson to accept a player, which I rather like).-It's a bit too easy to convert other countries' political landscapes. As a tiny nation, I shouldn't be able to make a scratch on the U.S., let alone stage a facist coup. While alot of people do like that they can change everything, I think a good compromise can be found if in histotical focus mode, the AI takes goverment staff to defend its ruling party, and the US should have a harder democracy drift.-EDIT: After further play, I've realized the AI needs serious improvement. It simply refuses to march into undefended land, even when it would reduce the size of the front, and really loves attacking into losing battles for the fun of it. It seems to have something of an idea of how to defend its own territory, but on the attack it is simply useless most of the time. It furthermore attacks on multiple fronts only sometimes, when it should at all possible oppurtunities, likes to get its own tanks pocketted, and fails to take advantage of pockets when it makes them.+Battle plans are actually quite nice. You don't have to use them of course, but it's not as simple as drawing a line and an arrow and clicking go. You can have multi-stage, multi-front grand plans laid out, assign each division to each stage of the assault as you see fit, and really have a ball with it.+It's hearts of iron. My elite unicorn tanks are the scourge of Communism.Overall, this game has the makings of something great; the AI just needs to pull its own weight. I'm sure multiplayer is a nulear blast, though,"
,Recommended,394360,24403398,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dobiathon,"Great game! It's a little overwhelming and confusing at first  but once you get it, its super fun and addictive!"
,Recommended,394360,24262753,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,☯白龍黑蛇☯ (Erik),It's soooo good!It reminds me of the good ol' days when I used to play Europa Universalis: Crown of the North(Svea Rike III)!
,Recommended,394360,24270293,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nano,"Long live the Super Axis of Friendship, down with the New Roman Empire!"
,Recommended,394360,24104915,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Adsfrid,-Be Venezuela-Japan be crazy-Annex China in 1938-No guarantees on Poland-Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥lmao♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mac-Germany annexes Poland no problem♥♥♥♥♥♥lmao-Axis owns half of the world in 1939-Nice-World sitting with thumb up their butt until 1945-Nice-11/10 would not do♥♥♥♥♥♥for 9yrs again
,Recommended,394360,24565893,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,VaGuE_Angry Putin,Tried to take over South America as San Salvidor and got anihilated by the Allies when I reached Panama. 10/10 Would become a puppet state again.
,Recommended,394360,24262819,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,|\/|/-\'|''|',"Brilliant, get to be switzerland and do nothing."
,Recommended,394360,23434780,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,CP Klein,Turn US communist bring the workers revolution to the UK. 10/10
,Recommended,394360,23429572,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kitten,Started as Germany went to help the facist spanish took a whole year to win the war forgot to make units got sperked on by polan 10/10 would help spanish againno but for reals i recommend this game to who ever played any game from paradox entertainment or is trying to get into grand stratagy games just an fyi it has a VERY i mean VERY steap learning curb the only reason i kinda knew what i was doing wwas because well i pretty much saw every world war wedsnday up to date before the game came out but asoon as you learn the basic mechanics the gme becomes very fun but like i said at first you will get lost and you will get frustrated you might even get bored just waiting for your units to come out but after all that and the war has started then you can really get it going.
,Recommended,394360,23437081,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,StormWizard,"I've been following Paradox extra and Interactive for the past year on the build of Hearts of Iron 4 and I am happy and amazed that everythiing that Paradox sayed they wanted to improve has in fact improvened. I've played a little of Hearts of Iron 3 but what made it hard for me to enjoy was that it was far more complicated to just walk up to and understand, but in Hearts of Iron 4 they made it way easier to underestand what is going and what your doing in game is what you want to do. I'm also pleased that they down sized the micro-management it definitly brings more fun into the game. The graphics of the game are just great the countries and colors are terrific and the thing that seperates the map in this game from Hearts of Iron 3 is that it's more bright and immerse. My favorite thing about Hearts of Iron 4 is making the battle plan, I've had more than fun making front's, offensive lines, fallback lines, and much more. Hearts of Iron 4 is a game that all of Paradox should be proud off and is a game that will last for a long time to come. I want to thank Dan an Johann and the rest of their team for making such a great game that I and lots more will enjoy."
,Recommended,394360,23434485,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Thirdworldasian,"Play as Japan so Hideki Tojo doesn't die, 10/10 would Nanking again."
76561198024751214,Recommended,394360,33188985,Posted: 3 July,all,DeathBlade13,step 1: play as francestep 2: become communiststep 3: join cominternstep 4: ?????step 5: profit!
,Not Recommended,394360,32325698,Posted: 10 June,all,Fishy ♛ #75,"After one year of release it is still terrible. Dont buy this game, ever."
76561198076331174,Not Recommended,394360,31250229,Posted: 19 April,all,kimmelzhang123,"""Oh, see how good I am."", said by the paradox interactive. ""after one year, I manage to make HOI4 from totally unplayable to almost unplayable, and I also managed to gradually recover the old features in HOI3 that gone missing in HOI4 when it was published""."
76561197973342641,Recommended,394360,29516277,Posted: 26 January,all,FoX,"Love this Game, Played as ""Pacifist"" Germany, Made The US Facist, Soviets made France Comunist, still Germans in 1941 Have not started WW2 lost 10 points on national unity because i was playing ♥♥♥♥♥ Hitler then Soviets invade Poland and conquer it in less than a month, time to start a war declare war on Soviets and France joins, defeat soviets in 2 months france stands, start making war justification on Italy and they join the Allies, France finally defeated, declare war on Italy, conquered in less than a month GB next and all allies fall one after the other, all Europe is mine, Japs just loosing against China and Surrendered, time to take America, lost all my manpower just before making Facist US surrender and lost the war.10/10 Would play as ♥♥♥♥♥ Hitler again."
76561197991226565,Not Recommended,394360,31408599,Posted: 27 April,all,General Lucius,The tech tree feels so boring and generic now. No creativity and improvements since the previous update
,Not Recommended,394360,32663454,Posted: 22 June,all,Cousin Avi,Another PDX cashcow lacking content at release.
,Recommended,394360,29346765,Posted: 18 January,all,Marv,"Brilliant,Fun game better the hoi3"
76561198006568932,Recommended,394360,28449092,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Makak (Martin),"It's not HoI3, but it's still fun!AI is somewhat frustrating tho."
76561198055968345,Recommended,394360,29512464,Posted: 26 January,all,cold spaghetti,">play as germany because it's easy and interesting>gets heinrich himmler, partisans work better>anschluss>gets sudetenland because germonie str0nk>france turns communist, leaves allies>yes>invades belgium for the lol's>annexes memel because germonie str0nk>tells poland to give me danzig or war>they accept, poland has no coast>germonie str0nk>belgium annexed, I have their colonies too>armies big and str0nk, hungary invades yugoslavia>""germonie, help us"">they join the axis, yugoslavia losing somehow>i join the war, quickly destroy horthy and his government>i annex czechoslovakia, along with the little part of the czechs hungary owns>yugoslavia takes the rest, becomes permanent axis member>germonie str0nk>poland becomes fascist from my doing>yes>i decide to invade france for the land and power>france calls the soviet union into the war on their side>""french commune has joined Comintern"">oh no>no no no no no no no>yugoslavia, being the bro that he is, says he'll help me>i realize i shouldn't be scared, because i rush to paris and take the mainland\>soviets can't invade, fascist poland is a buffer>italy joins the axis>japan gives volunteers, soviets invade manchukuo>we can't have that>i send some volunteers back, prepare for giant war>rest of comintern joins russia, including mongolia and tannu tuva (whatever that is)>soviets somehow go through poland, invades ostpreussen>japanese bros push them back while busy in corsica>why won't corsica give up>i eventually take them out, turns iraq fascist>turkey invades iraq, iraq joins axis>japan joins axis>WWII has just begun>allies still not involved for some reason>begins winning in manchukuo>turkey begins destroying neo-assyrian empire (iraq)>iran goes into civil war>romania, bulgaria, and greece join axis because turkey>yes>germonie str0nk>invades soviets, begins winning>that's when the japanese BOMB PEARL HARBOR>YOU JUST COST US THE WAR, JAPAN>allies join war, poland turns on me>invaded>loses, oh dear god>ragequits, can't take it anymore>cries because deutschland uber alles didn't happen>germonie not str0nk10/10 would WWII again"
76561198310510953,Recommended,394360,29947032,Posted: 15 February,all,Abul Aiiyyub,NiBBa how does this♥♥♥♥♥♥work
,Not Recommended,394360,30744204,Posted: 25 March,all,Kanhawake,not playable after 1940's
76561198073815505,Recommended,394360,30744025,Posted: 25 March,all,ScientistSold,"Even if you can not adapt this type of games that belongs to WW2,Surely it will attract you,you are going to feel yourself as if a commander and you can not sleep from calculating your next movement"
76561198240722056,Recommended,394360,33893388,Posted: 29 July,all,That One Person,This game is one of the best strategy games I've played in a long time. I highly recommend it to anyone who is even remotely interested in WWII.
76561198004384209,Recommended,394360,25941906,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,stevesim89,HOI 3 was good. HOI 4 is great.
,Recommended,394360,28765021,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Rogers [DFS],"This is a game for chess people generally.The cons are pretty simple.It's complex at first grasp but it's simple later, the game feels okay but the price tag and cost of very simple DLCs is near EA level scam considering what you get.What you get is a WWII World Domination map game, there is no 3D to this game really.AIs behave wildly some times and do things that don't really make any sense at all.The AI is'nt very challenging after your first few rounds.The game also has bugs from time to time varying from audio issues to serious FPS drops.Now the pros.WWII world domination is of course a plus, as there's not many games that really try to do that kind of things.It has fairly wide variety of units and strategies.There's multiplayer so you can play together with your buddyBenito MussoliniThere'sNazi Super Weaponsadvanced weapons you can make that are ahead of it's time.There's diplomacy but it's rudimentary.There's different political parties.And a side bonus from the community is the VERY wide variety of mods out for the game.Ultimately the game if it were 15 dollars I'd say get it.But 40 bucks is a loooot to spend on a 2D strategy game.Wait for a sale then get it if your interested."
,Not Recommended,394360,28164198,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Anthony20tyu,Great game but would not recommend the price.
,Recommended,394360,23466777,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,smoke the jews™,"I did Nazi see this coming, Anne Frankly I'm not Shoah I like this game. took me out of mein kampfort zone. quite a heilarious game you've made (((Paradox)))i rate it1/6,000,000"
76561198154098460,Recommended,394360,32461514,Posted: 15 June,all,dankist kahn,If you dont like the dlc don't buy itoverall great game would love to see an econmy system flushed out as well as a stabilty system such as in the kaiser reich mod the econmy could help with the ai unit spam as well as increace the longevity of matches espicaly if you wanna do a cold war play or a mod that extends the time period. otherwise wondreful game
,Recommended,394360,28283248,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,help,"its good. ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to mod but, you know."
76561198133254089,Recommended,394360,28839930,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Generic Polish Man,"This game is the best strategy since Civ 5! It Offers so many difrents paths down history, Youll never have the same playthough."
,Recommended,394360,28904730,Posted: 1 January,all,Zephi,"cihan eroglu sertan mangan ve cem ozkazanc axis gameplay versus cpu, the worst trio that the war history has ever seen"
76561197987630675,Recommended,394360,33975179,Posted: 2 August,all,BrandonPWNZu,"If there is any historical knowledge I have gained from this, it is that the small african nation of Liberia nearly took over the world."
76561197965769436,Recommended,394360,33972323,Posted: 2 August,all,zarhadom,"One of the games ive enjoyed most in my life!However i do play alot of multiplayer with my friends! This is how i avoid alot of the problems with the AIThe AI have alot of problems, it leaves the front unatended (this is improved but still a issue)The AI does not understand equiptment. It will throw divisjons at fully equipped enemy even when stockpiles are in the super red! It will often not stop at any price making russia vs germany a joke! You just weather the storm for a bit, press ""go"" for your army and win.The AI struggles with defending their provinces, Italy still leave their mainland defensless at times.The AI struggles with attrition, ive seen Turkey running their troops back and forth in their own territory (in the mountains) losing eq untill their divisjons are basically uselessThe AI can be strangely passive, if you make a breaktrhough deep into enemy territory the ai will often not cut you off! Enabeling 1unit to run amok deep into enemy territory, taking out victory locations and so on.AI struggle in Asia after Japan wins in china. Japan is unable to fight in India (dont know why, but it almost never push) Same with allies, they never push hard into China (Almost as if the AI hasent been hardcoded to go, while in europe its been scripted to attack)AI struggle in africa due to attrition and loss of direction (seems they dont really know where they want to go)AI struggle with supply lines, aka sending troops into new areas! Often moving units back and forth over the ocean like willy nillies. I once killed over 1.5million british troops almost without seeing them in battle (I use battleships, battlecruisers, and cruisers to hunt transports)Naval is broken: Example submarine warfare:1 you are germany and you build subs2 subs kill a few transports3 as little as one or two destroyers put into the area kills every single sub in a matter of days (im not joking)On the other hand:1: you are germany and you fire that idiot Karl Dönitz2: You build nothing but battlecruisers/heavy cruisers (or battleships after you take france. BC`s are better imo as you can build more of them.)3: You fire that guy who advices you to fight the british/american navy heads on!4: You send 1 and i mean ONE bc/bb into every zone you can reach (that means sending a few to asia/africa)5: Theese heavy ships start hunting for enemy transports/supply ships!Not only will they find transports, they will find more at a time and kill them faster due to higher speed compared to subs6: The enemy might patrol the sea but you laugh at their destroyers/cruisers who are promtly obliterated.7: If large fleet with carriers is encountered the BB/BC being alone will promtly flee (almost always get away even if its often damaged in the process) Go back to repair automatically and resume as before.What is worse i often sink british heavy cruisers/bbs/bc`s as they enter battle piecemeal. So ive often killed several ships from a big fleet by the time the carriers arrive. When they do, my guy will skedaddle!Conclusion: Several groups of 1 or 2 heavy ships can seriously mess up the navy of all countries. And will allow you to sink silly amounts of supply ships and troop ships! (Aka killing over 1.5 million british troops without ever facing them in big battles)The british AI will never help france!I have never seen a british division when i invade.The Ai often wont use planes effectivly leaving me to have air superiority in all zones even tho the ai has more planes in total! I have no idea where they are (maybe at overcrowded airports?)These are a few of the problems the game has (there are ALOT more)But still i reccomend it!Espesially if you have friends to play againstThere are several BIG mods that are basically games in their own right! (They are expansion/sequal level quality and they are FREE)So if you like grand strategy you ""must"" buy this game! But do so  knowing that the AI has serious problems!It is about impossible to lose to the AI if you play anything other than the absolute minor minorsPolen is really hard for instance!! I stabilized once only for the sovjets to attack my rear!I lost, but god damn it was fun ^^So there it is! Reccomended even tho the game hurts me with all of its problems. I still enjoy it immensly and i cant even see a ww2 documentary anymore without wanting to go play :D"
,Recommended,394360,24427442,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Gabe Newell,"The most historically accurate strategy game on the market. While the Axis took over the world, America simply kept its soldiers ready to fight the Communist Mexicans that tried to overthrow the United States government by creating the Free American Empire (which joined Axis), attempted to invade Texas with the entire Mexican population, sparked civil wars all over South America, and formed the League of Doom in order to destroy take over the world. 10/10 would get Trumped by America again."
,Recommended,394360,34087817,Posted: 7 August,all,NovaKen,I love history and i love risk so this was a step up and i just love it!
,Recommended,394360,23664150,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,kazannova,very nice game .. the best for 30 years old poeple   haha
,Recommended,394360,23663425,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,abel1717,"For those who want to purchase it I say, go for it. I would tell you is the best of its kind."
76561198041041836,Not Recommended,394360,29514943,Posted: 26 January,all,Carnosaurus,"Definitely the black sheep of Paradox Games. I'm convinced PI either assigned this game to their most junior developers, or that they've developed the game in such a way that few changes can be made without a complete game mechanic overhaul. It's as if they saw the success of Vic2, Ck2 Eu4 as sandbox games and decided to create an odd sandbox/on-rails hybrid with HoI4. It's not uncommon for games to drag on years after a clear victory because of a few oversea hold-outs like Japan, the UK, or the USA. Also, updates are infrequent; it feels like the game is in much the same state it was at release. The only reason I'd suggest buying this game is if you're interested in the many high quality alternate scenerio mods like Kaiser Reich, WWI, Cold War, or Modern Day; all of which, awkwardly enough, have more free content than the base game."
76561198030761848,Recommended,394360,23620752,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,BYoNexus,"Great Singleplayer, but Multiplayer might be frustrating.Multiplayer games tends to be faster then singleplayer, giving you less time to build up your nation. This is fine for the bigger players, (Germany, France, USSR, Japan), but less fun for the smaller picks, because you dont ahve much to contribute when World War breaks out."
,Recommended,394360,24275838,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Jamesno3,My dream of being Hitler has now become a reality.
,Recommended,394360,23425560,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Silent Hastati,"A good compromise between the playablility of Darkest Hour and the complexity of HoI3. The AI can get fairly wonky when not using historical focus mode, but in that mode it proceedes as it should. AI is capable of naval invasions for once, and observer mode reveals it is able to make invasion plans before actually declaring war. The move from stockpiled resources to ""maintence"" resources is dissapointing, as is the continued use of mana, and while I hope someone can mod it back, i imagine it's fairly ingrained into the game's workings, and frankly, I'm tired of mods that make changes without heed of how an AI handles it. All in all I'd probably give HoI4 a 7 or 8, to DH's 9, but still a good entry nontheless.If you actually liked playing OOB Spreadsheet simulator, you probably won't like this, but if you were a big fan of HoI2 and derivitives, it will fill the itch of needing soemthing a bit more micro heravy.That said, it is lacking in certain areas, and if you are a DH vet, I'm not as sure I can justify making the leap just yet. But if you are new to the series, as I suspect most people reading steam reviews are, I still reccomend this version readily."
76561198113490022,Recommended,394360,23683692,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,EMOCRAC.,playing way to much of this game....
,Recommended,394360,23684984,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,asdasdasd,Love it.
,Recommended,394360,24645710,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Papa McRib,"Hello. This is harambe. For the record I am alive.This game is truly a great strategy game. Wonderful.You see, since my ressurection, I decided that I would play as the german reich. Interestingly enough, I went into the game knowing full well, that I had a herculean task ahead of me.After quite a while, I had built up an extravagent arsenal of weapons, a booming self support economy, and a powerful legion to march to defend germany and its fuher, Harambe. Having declared poland, I allowed the soviets to take the east, knowing their greed would lead to their demise.After the fall of france, operation banana peel was a succses. Britan had fallen, as well with the allied powers. The united states was really butthurt. Their president, having become just like that little trogladyte that feel in my home in cinncinati.Alas, I had succsesfully invaded and took the soviet union, splitting it with the Japanese, with the condition that they never invent anime.Once I had gained ground, I decided to invade finland while having two invasion froces coming in from the south.I have lead the german people to glory, but my story is not yet finished."
,Recommended,394360,26571316,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dead meme,This game is the best WW2 game in years. i cant wait for someone to make a mod for building walls.
76561198151810468,Not Recommended,394360,28429741,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,josephgt10,"Paradox, as usual, releaseed a game that was bad at the start and is beginning to release $15 DLCs to fix it. Maybe after $200 worth of DLC it'll actually be good. As it is now, it's missing a lot of features.Examples:- Coastal garrison button only added recently.- Only the major powers of WW2 have focus trees without the new DLC. Everyone else gets a generic focus tree.- AI is still terrible. You need mods just to fix that.- Why is ""Spearhead"" only for paid DLC? It's one of the main aspects of the war.EU4 had the same problem. Hundreds of dollars worth of DLC later, it's actually good. That should not be the case though, DLC is meant to add to the game, not fix it. I made the mistake of giving them money for a broken, so now I'm stuck paying for DLC to get something that's actually good. Don't male the same mistake."
76561198196923437,Not Recommended,394360,26569770,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,PancakesAndBananas,After the first few hours of playing gets boring. It's the same thing every time and you will regret getting it. I read comments like this saying it doesn't get old and I bought it anyway. Save yourself 40 dollars and don't buy it. It's only fun for the first few hours (1-5).
,Recommended,394360,26559056,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[LSSAH] XMetal,An accessible and arresting strategy game that captures the size and scale of World War 2.
76561198272105070,Not Recommended,394360,28428447,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ST6_Y3TT1,i have played this game for awhile now but ever since the update my game keeps crashging when ever i try to move a unit you need to fix the update or just update it again
76561198097023239,Recommended,394360,30456835,Posted: 11 March,all,Voraciousgnu,This is my story through 1936-1938 (game still in progress)it is 1936 I am the soviet unionI make a 88 division armywith this new army i make invasion plans on polandI justify my war goal*couple months later*I declare war on polandthe war has been raging for 6 months a polish soldier writes to his family in the UK we are ♥♥♥♥ed the soviets have taken warsawpoland looses the warits 1937The same army makes plans to invade germany*couple months  later**I declare war*the war has been raging on for a year this war is taking longer then expectedbut I wintime to deal with italy the problem is autriaI make invasion plans againsnt the italians who are in the axisbut in the meen time I have to get through austria10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ up history again
76561198007209067,Recommended,394360,23423589,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,PrinceNic,"Loading times are nearly non-exsistent compared to previous versions!!! I was in game within 2 minutes of clicking the desktop icon.Lost to Ethiopia in the tutorial, won on third try, once I figured out how to transport fresh units across the Med.I will be unavailable for the next 3 months. This game is my life now."
76561198152421374,Recommended,394360,32520158,Posted: 17 June,all,Mrs. HelenKeller,Most incredible game ever!!
,Recommended,394360,33381138,Posted: 8 July,all,Ay Dede,Please add Hatay Event to Turkey. In 1939 Hatay joined Turkey and please add Turkish language support.Sorry for my bad English.
,Recommended,394360,33404223,Posted: 9 July,all,nigloid,"good game, bad company."
76561198040335179,Recommended,394360,24223658,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Fallout,">Be me playing United Kingdom in 1939 start date>Germany does what Germany does best and attacks PolandNot on my watch buddy>Move my armies into France and wait for coming storm>The Germans attack low countries>Move half of army into Low Countries>Myfacewhen Belgium, Netherlands, and France give me control of their troops, Montgomery don't fail me now>Becomes clear by mid 1940 that france is doomed>Bug out with my rag tag force back to England to plan my return>Wait 4 month and naval invade into Brest and slowly take back France>Germany doesn't know what to do>1941 comes along, Soviets decided to join the party>After 5 months of back and forth fighting like its 1915 all over again USA Joins the war and we push Germany out of France and the low countries>Hitlersfacewhen German Riech CapitulatesWhile all this was happening the USA also rekt Japan>Peace Conferance time *Get hyped boys*>Puppet Italy>Try to puppet West Germany, Can't>Soviet Union made East and West Germany Communist10/10 watch your back Soviet Union..."
76561198058705885,Recommended,394360,29348628,Posted: 18 January,all,Cory Matthews,"Took Poland and France, then lost it all.1939/10Would roleplay as Hitler again."
,Recommended,394360,29282602,Posted: 15 January,all,francinze,"Very historically accurate, a lot easier than previous Paradox games. I'd suggest it to someone who never played strategy games, like an introduction to them."
76561198205771648,Recommended,394360,31755452,Posted: 14 May,all,Gadsden Wolf,"I've enjoyed the HoI franchise since the first version came out (what... a decade or so ago?).  What HoI offers is not a 100% historically accurate recreation of WW2.  Instead, Paradox offers a historically accurate-ish starting point for you to take control of a nation during WW2 and make it your own.  As a fan of alternate-history type stories, this really appeals to me.  The 'what if I had been in control' possibilities are incredibly enjoyable to imagine, and see develop in the game.If you're like me in that, then the HoI franchise is for you.  But, does the 4th iteration deliver?Basically, yes.  It's a solid game.  The updated visuals and interface help with immersion.  And the underlying engine is solid... basically.  With a couple of major exceptions.  The AI does stupid stuff, and can be very easy to defeat if you take advantage of these.  It's not so bad as to be immediately noticeable when you start playing, but believe me... you'll know after you've put in a few dozen hours.  That said, the game plays well enough, and Paradox is continuing to support and develop it with major DLCs and fixes (the next of which promises to correct a lot of the AI's stupidity).  The political/economic simulation portion is extremely enjoyable.  The actual military/war portion needs some fixes (which are coming).Over all, I've had a ton of fun with HoI4.  I'm looking forward to much more enjoyment after the DoD/Oak expansion lands... very soon..."
,Recommended,394360,31888021,Posted: 21 May,all,A Sun God,Defeated Soviet Union as Greece 10/10 would invade again
,Recommended,394360,31743847,Posted: 14 May,all,ㄧˋㄇㄛˇㄙㄢㄈㄣㄌㄟˋSuen,En Taro Paradox！
,Not Recommended,394360,32111396,Posted: 1 June,all,Chris Hansen,"The DLC policy problems with this game are somehow worse than EU4, spend 15 euros on one mechanic for nations that you'll probably not even play a full game as before getting bored."
,Not Recommended,394360,32117666,Posted: 1 June,all,Dat Kiwi,"""Whats that Boy? *bark bark* Another incomplete Paradox game with DLC *Bark Bark* Aww shucks, I guess I will buy it again."" Enough is enough paradox, make complete games."
76561198050642001,Not Recommended,394360,28226209,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bobby B,"Is this beta? If only I knew before paying 40 bucks for this 0.0.9 version. I mean, anyone played EU4? The AI is like 100x smarter than in this newer title. Can't recommend this incomplete, bugged pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥to anyone until it is properly fixed. My bet is 2 DLC, each for 20 bucks and we have a go.Edit: January 2017, mods still keep the game playable. Still too simplistic and unengaging.Edit: June 2017, Is this a joke? Worthless DLC screwing aroung with one thing that keeps the game playable, mods. Must say the game has gone a long journey from beta, kappa"
76561198023927365,Not Recommended,394360,30420039,Posted: 9 March,all,disedent,"This game pretends to be a strategy game, but mostly its a babysitting game. there can be no strategy in a game where the AI plays by no rules, at least not the same rules you have. talking about the game rules they are arbitrary and also make no sense, they seem designed soley to force the game play down a designed path. The AI has the english launching amphibious assualts everywhere, the Brits were a lot of things but a frontal invasion directly into Germany they wouldnt do it, till the Americans demanded the normandy landings, they wanted to fight in Norway and fight indirectly. the Landings are constant never ending like a wave of mosquitos that just gets annoying and nothing ever makes it stop, not even parking your fleet off the coast. When countries capitulate it has bizarre game rules that sometimes leave you standing in the middle of russia after lituania capitulates, because for some odd resason it was theres after you took it with your troops. wtf.  Just an awful game, in which winning isnt really that hard if you just find the gaps in the design, but thats not really fun."
,Not Recommended,394360,33867298,Posted: 28 July,all,Silly Goose,"when I got this game, I was addicted, it became my most played game in a mere month and i would sometimes spend an entire weekend playing the diffrent countries and altering history in any way I wanted. Sure the AI was was very dumb and the factions and peace conferences could use alot of work, but hey, i figured, paradox is going to fix this soon right? but no, instead of fixing the broken ai, the ridicilous peace conferences and the factions system, paradox just decided to roll out dlc along with a small patch every few month, in hopes that we will forget everything wrong with their game and instead spend some more money on more broken dlc mechanics and focus trees that are  outclassed in every way by the ones on the steam workshop. And so here we are, over a year after release, the AI is still idiotic, the peace conferences are still messed up, and the faction system still doesnt make any sense. But hey for the low low price of 26 dollars, you can get a few focus trees for minor countries, so its not all bad right?..right?"
76561198066073708,Not Recommended,394360,24095039,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,angry toast joe,I asked for a WW2 grand strategy sim not a chuck-e-cheese map painter.
76561198003894620,Recommended,394360,23739750,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Q!,"Excellent game, great depth in complexity at its core but much more accessible and visually appealing than the previous versions. If you want a great tactical WW2 game, this is it."
76561197983344261,Recommended,394360,23959288,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Monbvol,"Overall this is an improvement over Hearts of Iron III but really still suffers from some of the same problems.At first there is a lot more to keep the player engaged and busy but eventually you'll run into situations where you don't have a lot to do but sit and wait for your next division to finish training, which can be a while depending on the type and choice of nation(thus their access to resources).I do like this version of the division builder more than III's and the overall production model is interesting but to circle around to the problem of being disengaged the change back to having a much more limited amount of research actually feels like two steps backwards for me.  I understand it is to try and make the research aspect not so demanding but that really was one of the things I liked about III's research system, the detail helped keep the player engaged and made it feel like nations could really stand apart from one another on a scientific front without getting too bogged down in the tech team ssytem of II.Indeed the lack of a clear system for intelligence actions does bother me a little but at the scale presented I don't entirely mind it's loss.Also circling back around to the production system I do like that resources are used based on what you are producing and that if you don't have those resources production can be done at a reduced rate but that also raises the problem of the trade system.  Set your policy for trade wrong and you can find yourself in a bit of a pinch and since you can't directly trade resources for other resources and I haven't found a way to trade surplus resources for civilian factory production.  I'm also not sure if some regions of the world are being given enough credit for the resources they had access to.Last negative is that this is yet another game that doesn't recognize my mouse's scroll buttons as a mouse wheel, making zoom a bit problematic.  To be fair this is being rather nitpicky on my part.More positive though is that it isn't a huge problem and combat plans once you get used to them are a fairly nice touch, especially if you do find youself having to fight in fairly spread apart theaters.My bottom line is it isn't as good as where Hearts of Iron II finished up but certainly still worth buying if you're a fan of grand strategy games, especially since it is still early yet and there is likely more to come and so far everything looks promising."
76561198076219458,Recommended,394360,23960207,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Thirteen Fox,"a bit more simple than HoI3 but in good ways for the most part, making it more approachable and easy to get into. still a learning curve of a couple hours for me atleast. but not to get into the details 9/10"
76561198079382785,Recommended,394360,23993640,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,IM A FUCKING MANGO,"> Starts off as Ireland> Declares war for northern Ireland and Joins the axis.> Immedianlty Germany, Italy and Japan get annilated within seconds of eachother> Loving life."
76561198110001321,Recommended,394360,24169468,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sauce Man,"HOI 4 is a great game.Dont waste your time with the negative reviews its all people who are ""veterans"" of the series. ir people who dont know how to play. This game will suck you up i got it yesterday at night and i had 12 hours on it due to a computer issue i lost some progress so it says 8. A couple things you should know is this game has a very steep learning curve its not a simple game where you just train your troops and send them off. YOu must build equipment,Vehicles,Support,man power and more. You can be virtually any country in the world not just the ones which appear in the slect screen those are just the major powers. I reccomend being a smaller country as it makes it more fun to play imo.The games tutorial however is practically useless its confusing and i didnt even bother to complete it. If you want to learn the game your going to have to look up videos on youtube. The game is nearly impossible to just ""learn as you go"". It took me about 8 hours to get just the basics! But its  defenantly worth the 40 bucks if you plan to put time into it.Conclusion1. Only get the game if you have experience with strategya.because its hardb.so you know what your getting. This game isnt for everyone,many many many people will find this game boring2. Prepare to do external reasearch on how to play3. Prepare to not see much of your friends and family xD"
76561198143362066,Not Recommended,394360,32525698,Posted: 17 June,all,Th3cam,"selling a game that osent work and giving ""amazing support"""
76561197976748883,Recommended,394360,23478327,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,LairdNasty,"I have played all HOI's, and most of the other Paradox grand strategy games. This game is fun. Plain and simple, and although not perfect it will improve with patches/DLC. The game has not crashed yet on me, and the multiplayer is soooo much more stable than the initial release of the previous HOI's. I will post a more in depth review after I've spent more time with it, and maybe after they release the first patch to see what they do.For now I recommend it for being fun and stable!First add on to this review is about the mulitplayer. The one issue I ran into when playing a coop game with my brother is that his computer would constantly fall behind mine in the game on 3 speed. After some research on the forums, I found that whoever has the slowest connection/computer should be the one hosting with HOI4. He has the slower connection so when we switched to him being the host we could play on 3 speed constantly with no problems."
76561197999197795,Recommended,394360,23529885,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,GodsMantle,"Absolutely fantastic historical war simulator, but now much more accesable to gamers!"
,Recommended,394360,27890937,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ImAztek,"Great game, 10/10. Games  go for hours apon hours. Fun time!"
76561198199000770,Recommended,394360,31504644,Posted: 2 May,all,Jozefyx,Love it
,Recommended,394360,24454152,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Daddy Saddam,"Be me.First time playing this series.Die like 2 hours in.Watched youtube guides.Got gud.New playthrough.Do pretty decent.Defeat the Axis powers except for Japan.♥♥♥♥ing Japan.♥♥♥♥ing holing up in their ♥♥♥♥ing island.Send an invasion force cause ♥♥♥♥ anime.Send a large battle group to protect my British Marines (nicknamed the the Royal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lmao).Have them escort.Wild Japanese fleet appears.Small carrier strike force with a couple of battleships.Figure my fleet will protect the convoy.Check on infrastructure back home.Come back. See that my battle group is doing anything.wtf.jpg.Sit and watch as the invasion force that liberated Asia is destroyed by a tiny Japanese fleet.My ships stood back and watched. Rage.Build all kinds of reactors to get nukes.USSR nukes Japan and invades.USSR declares war on the ♥♥♥♥ing world.England is nuked multiple times.American and Russia fight on my ruined empire.All my units are defeated.Except for one group.The Escort Force.Russians deploy naval forces in the Pacific.Run into my escort force.They cant win.Game glitches even more.Makes my ships have unlimted supplies.Like they never even fought the war.Mfw when the ♥♥♥♥ing escort force glitched and couldnt move and every time the Russians attacked it, it would be too strong to defeat.10/10 would escort again."
,Recommended,394360,31567256,Posted: 5 May,all,Kieran...,Thumbs Up would recommend.
,Recommended,394360,31497987,Posted: 1 May,all,NoahtheBoah36™,"Good game with pretty interesting mechanics that make for an interesting WW2 sandbox. Plenty of mods also turn it into a global politics simulator, as well as a wargame for other time periods such as WW1, and several other mods still that can allow you to explore alternate world histories leading up to one of the biggest wars in history.Overall it's a superb game that is definitely worth playing if you enjoy management. However, it's important to note that this game makes you ""supreme leader,"" and there's no visual combat necessarily. If you want to be immersed in WW2, this is not the game. If, however, you think you can out-Hitler Hitler, then it's the game for you."
76561198077800976,Recommended,394360,31638181,Posted: 8 May,all,Frosty,"Really fun game, 9/10 IGN"
76561198114421586,Not Recommended,394360,32545976,Posted: 18 June,all,Mr. MeeMoo,The DLC spam is real
,Recommended,394360,32589662,Posted: 20 June,all,★ MaitreKorda ★,Great game.You can play any country you want.10/10 would surrender to Germany again.
,Recommended,394360,34269672,Posted: 15 August,all,A csgobounty.com hellcase.com,Best game i've ever played.10/10
,Recommended,394360,24078416,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Anastasia✯,Invaded France as Fascist Britain 10/10 would kill from again
,Recommended,394360,32431636,Posted: 15 June,all,frankentaler,Very good game. Can make a better world with a peaceful Hitler.
76561198058919624,Recommended,394360,28845111,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gandalf the Jay,Great vanilla game with one of the best modding communities I've seen. Paradox's continued support for their games mean that Hearts of Iron IV will continue to improve and expand.
,Recommended,394360,23459876,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MinorityShack,"Perfect, smooth, hard and perfect simulation. I vote this the best game ever on steam, its calm with the music and you command like a leader. You assign generals which my favorite: Erwin Rommel. I would suggest to get this. It helps with your mind on strategic things, if you are bad you will learn it from this game. I barley know how to play and i been playing for 10 hours and it is perfect."
,Not Recommended,394360,32218110,Posted: 6 June,all,Gavin,"HOI4 is fun for the first 50 hours firguring everything out. When you hit 100 hours you go to play with your friends and have another 50 hours. You will have LOTs of stupid stuff that happens, especially with the AI. Not enought stuff to do in my opinion I only last so long because of MODS. Without the mods I would have left before the 100hours mark. The first DLC is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the next DLC will be more♥♥♥♥♥♥since they should already be in the game! Its very lazy work from Paradox. AI is too predictable, you will destroy any nation by just getting artillary and have forts on the enemy border, and wait for the enemy to attack you until they run out of manpower or equipment. I am not buying anymore paradox games even if they bring out Victoria 3, because deep down I know they will try and put like 10 DLCs like EU4.I only recommend it if you have the money and want to spend just 50 hours in the standalone game and more hours in just mods for the game. In my opinion you should just watch youtubers play it since you can skip all the boring stuff at the start."
,Recommended,394360,26060108,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Phillips [4-31],"Too lazy to get up and run for public office? You want to be a General, but you are not physically fit nor mentally capable? Hearts of Iron 4 is just the GAME for you! Why build a wall on the Mexican-American border like Trump wants to do, when you can justify war against them and wait five years for it to finish! Hearts of Iron 4 is very user friendly, it only took me 21 hours to figure out how to start a Naval Invasion. Possibilties are endless on the game. Want to be communist and equal? Just play as the USSR! Do you want to invade a selfless, weak and military-less country! Play as Fascist Germany! So what are you waiting for! Buy this game and you wont need friends or a girlfriend! It's not like you have them anyway because you are thinking of buying this game."
,Recommended,394360,23941075,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Frank Castle,"I love this game, to me it is the best of the current Hearts of Iron series."
,Recommended,394360,23447759,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,RuRik,"You can rule the world as an Empire that was destroyed in 1945 by the Jewish Capitalists and Marxists... What else do you want?Ok, no joke. This game is very good. There are no boundaries on what can happen, you can play as Greece, join the Axis, and destroy Turkey... Or make the U.S.S.R into the Russian Empire. Ally Japan with the US.edit : Playing as Fascist Russia is confusing, the events are weird, and the tech tree stops at a point. Maybe future updates and DLC's will fix that."
76561198388473148,Recommended,394360,32042792,Posted: 29 May,all,I have no idea for a name,gg
76561198089533667,Recommended,394360,23461330,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Hotchinaboy,"Pick Germany. Realized Hitler was elected in a democratic systems by talking about racist and nationalist ideas.Pick USA. Build forts around the Mexican border. Declare war on Mexico. Their army could not come through.10/10 ""Make America Great Again."" -FDR in HOI4"
,Not Recommended,394360,34275811,Posted: 16 August,all,LasTRoniN,"One of the best colouring world map simulator but the most laggy oneeven with the high end processor and gpu your game will lag as hell after 1942 its not because of your game its because of bad ai and optimization so I warned about youits good buy in only on sale, not worth for full price(maybe they fix ai and optimization)"
76561198007434668,Not Recommended,394360,33382987,Posted: 8 July,all,Lightcrawler,"The AI at the moment is a complete mess. Sometimes I find myself laughing at the bs it does. Additionally, expect about a million dlc's in the coming year."
,Not Recommended,394360,33325100,Posted: 6 July,all,ƛƝƬӇƦƠƤƠƤӇƠƁƖƛ,♥♥♥♥ you paradox
,Not Recommended,394360,33383901,Posted: 8 July,all,Lanflux,"AI still not fixed, DLC adds nothing, Paradox attempting to squeeze pennies out of a monopolistic market."
76561198059214298,Recommended,394360,34285228,Posted: 16 August,all,TheShipGuy,This game is well done. Everything from the battle system to the mods it is AMAZING!
76561198096428950,Recommended,394360,34320623,Posted: 17 August,all,itsyourboythegrandFührer,"When you play as the Great Soviet Union as Papa Trotsky and crush the brown shirts in Germany and Italy, invite the French commune into the comintern, brawl with the allies in a never ending war, build a moster amount of nukes, unite germany, free the african nations (while keeping most of it for yourself), then you look to the right as you see the hordes of a million Japanese divisions closeing in on Moscow, then you die..........10/10 would make millions of Russians to die again for the motherland XD"
,Recommended,394360,33953360,Posted: 1 August,all,TheTrumpMeister,its good
,Recommended,394360,31447433,Posted: 29 April,all,huntsigyro,"I really like this game. I would definitely recommend it for anyone looking to play a world war 2 strategy game. The DLCs add focus trees for more countries so if you want flavor twists then get those I suppose, but there is a wonderful modding community out there for this game also."
76561198117899733,Recommended,394360,32739312,Posted: 24 June,all,Matt03067,"Fun game if you like other Paradox games, not as reliant on dlc as Europa and great mods that switch the whole game up"
,Recommended,394360,31416816,Posted: 28 April,all,Paulo Pahvapüss,Estonia has joined Międzymorze
,Recommended,394360,23426992,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,StannisTheMannis,10/10 would achieve peace in our time again.
,Recommended,394360,28913298,Posted: 1 January,all,Benedm,My avatar says it all.
,Recommended,394360,28912745,Posted: 1 January,all,Gay 4 Bae,Belgium is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394360,28907532,Posted: 1 January,all,The Strategist,"SHORT CONCLUSION AT THE END IF YOU ARE TO LAZY TO READ MY OPINION:Im deeply dissapointed in myself that i have to give this game a thumbs down. I only played HOI3 and HOI4, but that is enough to make a comparison between the 2 HOI games.In This review im going to uphold that HOI4 still is going to get updated and patched. Also im going to uphold one mod that needs to be used to get the full experience of the second world war. That mod is called Black ice(i know it sounds weird).A brief explanetion of black ice: Black ice is a mod that started in HOI 3 that is currently also developing in HOI4, is a mod that adds extra flesh to the bone. Black ice increse the amount of content in every area of the game. From research to Production to Diplomacy. In both games this made it increased the popularity of the game.Now that i talked about a mod lets move to the game. HOI4 brings indeed more ideas to the table and implements them but at the same time it also removes much more than it gives. HOI4 has a great production ideas and also the national focus tree is realy nice. But those are just 2 Positve parts of HOI4 lets start comparing whats better in HOI3 compared to HOI4. HOI3 has a massive tech tree that puts that of HOI4 to shame, then the entire command hierachy is gone: let me explain that part for you. The command hierachy in HOI3 is that you have a HQ that starts directing commanders around to fronts(the HQ is worth XXXXXX its the highest in the structure). The we go over to the Commanders that are directed by the HQ those are worth XXXXX and direct ARMY COMMAND. The ARMY COMMAND is worth XXXX and they will direct the bulk of the armies lower command structure called Corps they are worth XXX. Corps control the divisions XX. The Division is then divided from 1 to 8 brigades worth X. This structure sounds very complicated but it isnt, its actually very nice and realistic. it just goes from high command all the way down to the soldier. every step you can assign generals who give bonuses. Its a Keen part missing in HOI4 that blows life into the game. the the trade system and diplomacy system is much more fleshed out then in HOI4.SHORT CONCLUSION:HOI4 is a game that HAD potential but sadly lost it with keen features missing that were part in HOI3.  HOI4 has made improvements in graphics and decreasing the overall difficulty to manage the game, but HOI3s complexity and design are far better then a simple map change and an easier way to control large armies. I recommend you to go buy HOI3 and get the mod Black ice. Even black ice in HOI4 cannot fill the gaps the devs left."
,Recommended,394360,23776800,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ugly.God,this game is good for thos  how like stat games
,Recommended,394360,25960511,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ghastly Hand,The only game where you can make france surrender 4 years early
76561198330668250,Recommended,394360,33766765,Posted: 24 July,all,Curious20162016,A brilliantly made strategy game based in world war 2. Only play if you like grand strategy and historical games. If that's your thing then I highly recommend it!
,Not Recommended,394360,26682699,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kaiser Gagius,"By far the most boring game from paradox, way too plastic and uninspiring, yes, winning the grand war is fun and all but bleh. And that freaking British Raj that just works to get in the freaing way"
,Not Recommended,394360,29098223,Posted: 7 January,all,HABS,Not very good. It has far to many simplistic psuedo mechanics that ruin the games immersion.
,Recommended,394360,26682032,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Suomi,This is one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,394360,27214021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aspected,1. Download mod for Trump as fascist leader2. Play USA3. Convert to fascism4. Send Hillary to Jail5. Build a wall on the border of MexicoCongratulations! You made America great again!
76561198148681543,Recommended,394360,34696642,Posted: 2 September,all,Pajro,Good strategic WW2 game. Love it!  Modding it is fun xD Idk what else to say :D
76561198019236588,Recommended,394360,28385868,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Popcorn,"I have about 100 hours of gameplay with HOI4, and I do enjoy the game. It's more of an arcade version of HOI3 or HOI2 though. There isn't the brutal technical gritty feel of the previous games. Instead graphically, HOI4 is very pretty even on basic settings (I'm on an older Win7 laptop and the game runs smooth for the most part). Alas, the next comparison has to be about actual gameplay and the AI sticks up... and the AI in HOi4 is rather pathetic. Oh, it can give some surprises but there's very little challenge (so far) to the un-moded vanilla game release.If you do go ahead and buy the game though, there is an excellent modding community with some really fun mods in development, especialy the BlackIce mod, and the WW1 mod. Good fun and the AI is marginally better with the mods.Is the game worth buying? Definitely. You can be sure that Paradox will eventually fix the AI as they have done with EU and CK. Is the game worth playing now>? I'm on 120+ hours and I'll easily add more to that. It's fun. HOI3 was a grind time-wise and often games took days to complete.. whereas with HOI4 I can conquer the world in 5-7 hours depending on my faction. haha. So, yes, IMHO it is indeed worth buying."
76561198017009944,Not Recommended,394360,33487046,Posted: 12 July,all,Sardukar,"i love all of the paradox games, CK, EU, HOI, but since they want me to spend like thousends on them big disappointment"
76561198183635335,Recommended,394360,31149220,Posted: 14 April,all,LNER_4472,"Play Germany first then you can go play any other nation. I early on discovered console commands, and I use them now and again just to declare surprise wars, or nuke my capital. If you are like me and feel tempted to cheat, here is a simple fix. PLAY IRONMAN MODE. I did this as Germany and I am progressing towards getting all the achievements that apply to me.I played this game with a mod that recreates the Roman Empire. At the time of writing this the mod has been removed. Playing with friends was super fun, especially when you stab them in back because they want Russia and you want the old Rhine frontier...I would get this game on sale with a package that has all the DLC as the base game needs mods to spice things up."
,Recommended,394360,23492398,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Albatross,This game is a fun and engaging way to experience the World War era.
76561198016756467,Recommended,394360,23492622,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,COLONEL HIGGINS,This game is great how it stands but there are still minor things that can be changed in the future updates. I look forward to the countless hours of playing with mates.
76561198245590374,Recommended,394360,33369230,Posted: 8 July,all,Tw1ster,"The game is very fun with different mods for ww2 or no historical scenarios like kaiserreich,with no mods the game is still fun! Ai is little broken but its not too bad.The game is really good if you like history and grand strategy games."
,Recommended,394360,35158094,Posted: 23 September,all,SoulDotDog,"> play sweeden> turn facist> join axis> go to war with norway> have civil war with sweeden (democratic)> sweeden joins allies> get steamed rolled by 50 brittish divsionsno matter what contry you play as, if you go to war with the UK you will get rext by 50 divsions10/10"
,Not Recommended,394360,33378589,Posted: 8 July,all,ding,"I honestly do not have enough money to play full Paradox games anymore. The DLC realeased for games like EU4, Stellaris and HOI series are thinly disguised patches which often times miss the mark of balancing core gameplay mechanics. They add flashy models, new music, broken features and additions to factions that very little people have any interest in playing. That point might be a little presumptuous, but the Death and Dishonor and Together for Victory really didn't interest me at all. I would much rather see the senselessnes of the AI overhaulled than pay $10 to unlock a tech tree that should have been in the vanilla game to begin with.I love paradox games and buy every title of theirs that comes out. I hope more and more after every release that somebody else comes into the grand strategy franchise with a title that nails everything that paradox misses and really wakes them the ♥♥♥♥ up. Stop alienating us with the never ending waves of watered down DLC and please, for god's sake, fix what's broken so you can stop putting $15 maraschino cherries on ice cream you refuse to put sugar in."
,Recommended,394360,35178527,Posted: 24 September,all,$траZZи [{,"Paradox i realy love ur games and HOI4 is not exeption.I was very happy when i bought it,when i started playing it,I waited a long time for discounts,I WORKED IN MCDONALDS,but i didnt wait for discounts AND I BOUGHT IT,I SPEND HALF OF MY MONTHLY SALARY!MONTHLY!-AND I WAS HAPPY BECAUSE I BOUGHT IT. And the next day guess what i saw?A discount!! A 75% DISOCOUNT FOR HOI4!!!Thanks!!Thanks!! i love the game where i always lose (my life)"
,Recommended,394360,35191191,Posted: 24 September,all,American Egale,:thumbs_up:
76561198254259344,Recommended,394360,29565554,Posted: 29 January,all,$w@9_M4$t3r,"This is an awesome game! Have spent a lot of time playing it! There are so many things to do in it! A very complex game, requiring heavy and cunning thinking, creativity and much more!!"
76561198009620313,Not Recommended,394360,23465819,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,leohayward,"I had high hopes but have now concluded HOI4 is indeed a major step backwards.  Tutorials and the Wiki both suck.  Seems I spend half the time searching for an answer since the tool tips are lousy.  Like making and attack..  the Wiki syas creat a deffensive line..  but then you need an offensive line and a front line.  Then shift click on the battle plan, then again to execute.  Then wait and wait and wait... hey nothing happens!  WTF???Do not waste your money like I did.  HOI4 has zero strategic depth and seems to have been designed for consoles instead of PC.  Uhg..    3/10 ar best."
76561198353822204,Recommended,394360,35199773,Posted: 25 September,all,ADOLF HITLER,10/10 well worth my dollaroni and cheeses
,Recommended,394360,31688947,Posted: 11 May,all,Kai Miester,"Took over the Allies as Ireland. Took over the Axis as Portugal. Took over Japan as Bhutan. This wasn't enough for me, so I installed the Modern Day mod. Dominated every country as the Vatican.Not very accurate but still fun."
,Recommended,394360,28419143,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ekspresi,"Create an alternate history WW2 like a communist Brazil, facist Indonesia, or democratic saudi arabia.This game is recomended for you!"
76561197970670898,Recommended,394360,32696928,Posted: 23 June,all,Ishi Otoko,"A lot of depth in here, but it's a lot easier to work with than earlier Hearts of Iron games. Definitely accessible for more casual fans, but do keep in mind that there is still a bit of a learning curve.The game keeps getting updated over time, and a lot of these improvements help the core game. AI improves, ease of navigation through panels, and the game is just overall a better experience. Lots of fun, but games can run long (which is good for these types of game, no?)."
,Recommended,394360,34941048,Posted: 13 September,all,Topgeneral,"Poland is a good country to play if you like being the underdog, overall good game. HMU if anyone wants to play some fun multiplayer"
,Recommended,394360,33459059,Posted: 11 July,all,KKko,gud game
,Recommended,394360,34698335,Posted: 2 September,all,Swiss Cheese,"loved the game, have over 1000 hours on it ;)"
76561198065511485,Recommended,394360,33619635,Posted: 17 July,all,superphoneboy,"I bought HOI4 when it was released.  I could not recommend it....until now.  With the latest patch, it's now playable and quite fun.  There are still problems, especially the AI, it's now worth the price."
,Recommended,394360,26991573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nonty,"Show the world that you have Balls of Steel within Hearts of Iron IV, fill yourself within the shoes of Hitler and purify the world with the New World Order... Or don't; it's up to you.Downside: Bugs, bugs and more bugs.Upside to the downside: Regular updates!"
76561197981845540,Recommended,394360,30359604,Posted: 6 March,all,Günter Krieger,"The HOI series has always been fun to play, and HOI IV is no different. It's incredibly addicting and a great strategy game. Quite a few people complain about dlc, but.... this is a Paradox game so it's expected and I think the actual expansions (not cosmetic ones) are totally worth it. That or  I can never say no when CK/Europa Universalis/ or the HOI series comes out with new content because their games are virtual crack."
,Recommended,394360,33090018,Posted: 1 July,all,Bidoofus,"Terrible AI, bland and repetitive, and atrocious DLC.So, why do I recommend this game?There is a mod called Kaiserreich.It makes the game worth $40.Don't bother with vanilla, seriously."
76561198338329815,Recommended,394360,32438492,Posted: 15 June,all,kys farmskins.com,The DLC policy is awfull. But the game is really cool. Especially with mods.
76561198147077502,Recommended,394360,29254153,Posted: 14 January,all,Beardman,this is one of the best strategy games ever made! if you have ever wanted to take over the world this is the game for that
76561198176017895,Not Recommended,394360,29362507,Posted: 19 January,all,Dathomirian,"Well, after spending hundreds of hours in this game, I can leave my words here from the very bottoms of my heart, do not buy this product.If you've played HoI3 you'd know how the ai sucks, and you probably expected it to become smarter next HoI game. It didn't. Not a bit. Actually you know what, it became something even worse.My favorite country is Japan, as you may realise by my name, and I always fight with China, for historical purposes. It became easier each time I've played. Now some of you may think ""well it's because you learned the game, retard"" NO.You learn the gameplay after like, 5-10 hours if you're not moron. I'm on fantasy level. Sometimes I retreat from territories which I invaded in China. All of them. You know why? 'Cause I want to leave it for China to heal itself. But it doesn't move it's divisions. I don't know and can't understand why. It just stays no matter how long you wait with no armies. Doesn't offense. Shame...99 percent of times Germany fails to invade Soviet Union. After Germany declares war, it goes a little, nearby Kiev on south and Riga sometimes on the north. Then it stops. Because, some retard country - uk, canada, australia, South Africa, Dutch East Indies etc. - tries to invade with 3 troops. When they invade, Germany takes ALL of it's east armies and replaces them to west. But when Germany does that, the Union starts to invade her.You may be dumb enough to ask the question ""Why Italy isn't any helping?"" well because italy is too busy getting rekt.And here comes the USA. Doing absolutely NOTHING in Pacific. Parody D-Day invasions on Atlantic. Producing 15k of warplanes for tourism, i think?Fascist minor countries such as Hungary or Venezuela tend to create as many armies as they can. Can't understand why is that, because Venezuela doesn't even join god damn Axis.After realising puppets are braindead morons who can't do logical moves, Paradox created an expansion pack, where you can make infrastructures or factories for them, which it should've been in Vanilla at the beginning.Paradox is the new EA."
76561198136765917,Recommended,394360,30132614,Posted: 23 February,all,Slav Agent #1,Starts GameGets a friend that has this game to play with meHe becomes USA and I go MexicoWe both go communistWe go to war with chileChile calls all of alliesMe and friend are on knees to Russia hoping that Stalin the great will save usUSA marches through Canada and takes itBombing of Pearl Harbor happensAxis goes to war with the Communist Federation(Me and friendWe both take a cyanide capsule when both Brits and Nazis were on our front lawn10/10 would go communist Mexico again
76561198034607207,Recommended,394360,30199572,Posted: 26 February,all,ogiELman,Make [Insert country here] Great Again  Simulator
,Recommended,394360,30367872,Posted: 6 March,all,Puffed Ryce,"If it doesn't satisfy you enough, get mods"
,Not Recommended,394360,33012278,Posted: 29 June,all,TopKek,Give my hours back paradox.But sh*t whats up with that prices .
,Recommended,394360,33101863,Posted: 1 July,all,LecraMM ヅ,+Good quality+Very much to think in game to win+World War 2 game (Geographic)+Multiplayer+Very many updates from Paradox+Many DLC-Expensive DLC
76561198123076110,Not Recommended,394360,33013751,Posted: 29 June,all,XxXMercy_mains_are_TrashXxX,xd
,Recommended,394360,23428911,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kaiser Ludwig,"Amelia Earhart shot down japs at the battle of midway, 10/10"
76561198161886041,Recommended,394360,23514171,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Patilda,"As a newcomer to the series, I felt very interested at every point playing this. Overall, here are my thoughts:Pros:Customizable divisons, etc.Able to become facist, communist, or democratic as any nation.AMAZING soundtrackA good selection of national focuses and easily navigatable tech treeInteresting national focus tree for nationsCons:Sometimes, 1 unit will beat 10+ units, annoyingnuking doesn't really push enemies to defeat that much (atleast not during my playthroughs)Minor bugsLags during WW2 and other major stuffReasearch is bland and usually is too slow and stays behind for meOverall: 9/10 Very good game"
76561197987736780,Recommended,394360,28446902,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Indianus Jones,PROS--Good graphics-Easy to use UI-Excellent naval battles-National focus trees-Excellent 2D and 3D artNEUTRAL--Less micromanagement-No order of battle-Equal nations (Bhutan gets nukes when Germany does)CONS--Lack of division types-Watered down tech tree-Fascist is the only good ideology-Lack of achievements even though there was an amazing achievement idea forum thread-No Ship 2D Art-No jet 2D or 3D art-Nothing to do once war ends-Terrible Trade system-No fuel system for tanks or ships-You can win a war by making tentacles to victory points-Focus trees run out way too fast-Peace system is broken-Cant create Wallonia or Scandinavian Union
,Recommended,394360,30039651,Posted: 19 February,all,[De~Yupuro] Roasted_Cat,Is this game worth the price? YesDoes it have significant problems? YesDid said problems make me unable to enjoy the game for at least hundreds of hours? NoI wouldn't feel good giving this game a thumbs down because I only had fun with the game for 300 hours rather than 3000 hours. Sure it might not live up to the standard of other paradox games. But it's still a worthwhile experience and it's obviously worth the price that is asked. If you can't afford to pay 40 dollars for 100+ hours of in game time then yeah I wouldn't recomend it. But I would then also not recomend a single movie that has ever been made.I would also add that this game is much simplier and more streamlined than other strategy games paradox has made. This is a massive plus for 95% of the games potential target audience as it actually becomes possible to play without hundreds of hours just to learn the mechanics. It sadly also means that they streamlined the game in areas which could have gone without it. There is really not any difference in how most nations are played from a casual point of view and only a handful of nations have a tailored focus tree. This means that most nations are actually identical to play except for some numbers such as population being changed around.
,Not Recommended,394360,32798967,Posted: 25 June,all,KiloDelta,"DLC policy is♥♥♥♥♥♥ that cuts from the game its core mechanics. The game itself is fine, but i prefer old map from HOI 3, not this plastic Earth."
,Not Recommended,394360,33175015,Posted: 3 July,all,JDFull,Adding useless DLCs instead of fixing the ai thats had problems since its release
,Recommended,394360,30037188,Posted: 19 February,all,🐳 elahW,"First time playing is hard af. Still, when u get to know the commands and diplomacy and have a favourite nation it becomes fun."
76561197986342903,Not Recommended,394360,32735384,Posted: 24 June,all,Kent,Price Hike
76561198104665187,Not Recommended,394360,32733445,Posted: 24 June,all,DECOY,"BAD DLC policy, BAD EVIL CEO, BAD company, good devs and a decent game tho"
76561198058929877,Recommended,394360,23467856,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Schaefe,"Fantastic game, I am so obsessed already, thankyou paradox!! They have really made the gameplay a lot more enjoyable, air combat is very clear and makes a great deal of sense, as does the naval warfare, they are my two biggest praises. ground warfare is create too, sill wrapping my head around it a little but for the most part im enjoying the new command structure. The research and production aspect has improved 10 fold and its exciting building an army of lancasters!Highly recommend!"
76561198031674964,Not Recommended,394360,23733073,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Arcanderous,"Having sunk so many hours into HoI 3, I was utterly underwhelmed by HoI 4. I have never felt so let down from a game. I seriously hope the DLC and patches will help fix it, and I really do enjoy some of the new features, such as manufacturing and improvements to resources and trading. However, the game feels rushed, unpolished, and raw to me. It feels like there's no buildup, the years of 36 to 40 are gone in the blink of an eye, and national focuses just seem, bland and constricting. There's no reaon espionage and diplomacy is somehow even weaker than it was in HoI 3. Combat is awkward and clunky, the vaunted army management system is a joke. You are punished for not utilizing the new system, if you want to manage individual units as you could in HoI 3, the interface is frustrating and not very user friendly. Same with naval missions, and the air campaign is even worse. Port strikes are nearly unstoppable, so forget even HAVING a navy after awhile, and invasions are broken too. The AI makes moronic decisions that can only be described as suicidal, and the new research and national focus tabs are both boring, weak, and pointless.I REALLY wanted to like this game, even bought the Field Marshal version of it. I was so excited to jump in and see what new havoc I would be able to cause, especially since ahistorical playthroughs were supposed to be even easier. Instead, I'm left shaking my head in sadness and feeling let down. After playing Stellaris and seeing how polished and perfect that game is, and having sunk over 1500 hours into HoI 3, I pretty much feel betrayed. Maybe I was wrong in hoping that HoI 4 would be the BlackIce mod with some updated graphics, better AI, and deeper combat choices, but clearly something went horribly wrong. I'm going to keep staying with the patches and updates, after all I paid for them so I can only hope they improve things and make this game better, but as of right now I recommend avoiding this game and spending your money elsewhere. Sorry Paradox, at least I really love Stellaris and you guys as  a company!"
76561198141772330,Recommended,394360,23460277,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,AppliedCrab8,Started Game my feelings towards it were-ConfusedangryfrustratedangryconfusedangryfrustratedNow my feelings towards it are-Confusedangryfrustratedangryconfusedangryfrustrated
76561198005444904,Recommended,394360,23463440,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Penguin21,Another amazing Paradox strategy game!
76561198147423739,Recommended,394360,28932039,Posted: 2 January,all,Weaponized Autism,"Played for 30 minutes or so as Japan, didn't do much.Well, exept improve Burmese infrastucture."
,Recommended,394360,27347901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,??????,10/10
,Recommended,394360,23423525,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kaiser Fahrenheit,This game made me ♥♥♥♥♥♥...11/10 ign
76561198095920101,Recommended,394360,23469228,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,The Great Mango,"This game is a massive improvement over Hoi3,and is superior in every way.The air and naval supremacy has new and far far more easier to understand in Hoi3.A.I is far better,graphics are also much better then Hoi3.There is one problem however,like in all paradox titles the multiplayer connections are absolute garbage.Inless you have a extremely fast internet,you will have a bad time.I can play much much larger scale titles then this game just fine,but not the majority of the paradox titles.Connections need to be vastly improved for all paradox games,not just this one."
,Recommended,394360,24314443,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Leyline,"Not gonna write up a text-wall.I like it. I love it.Its easy to get into, take a while to master. Its fun to roll your enemies over."
76561198139242960,Recommended,394360,32885228,Posted: 27 June,all,Ruinspy,The game isnt even loading for me i was playing it one day and the next it wont even load up into the game. I enjoy the game but is this a bug
76561198120442824,Not Recommended,394360,23563784,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Spencer Tracy,"Less detailed than Hoi3, and as such less satisfying. I find myself a little un-involved and un-immersed as a result.I used to enjoy assembling my armies, and waging wars but in Hoi4 it's a step backwards away from the rich detail and depth that made Hoi the best modern strategy game.On the plus side they have brought a lot more variability as to how the history unfolds, very good addition.All in all a step towards commercialty and mediocrity.(I've played about 35+ hours, not the figure listed above my review)."
76561198064209379,Recommended,394360,23564062,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Maverick,Really Fun game. Great to take control of any country during WW2 and try to change history
,Recommended,394360,23436786,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gung Hobo,"The battle system is AMAZING. I love it so much.The only drawback I've found so far is that it can be kind of buggy, but that can be easily fixed."
76561198009447375,Recommended,394360,23471861,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,bluerat,"I absolutely love it! It's so engrossing ... I spent 3 hours with my volunteer forces that I had sent to a rebellion in Spain, trying to help the nationalists win; I totally forgot about the wider game ;) so much fun.Also it's worth noting that I'm a big fan of grand strategy but I've never played any of the previous games in this series, so can't offer any comparision. But there is no question that this game is fun :)I've also encountered no crashes or noticable bugs - huzzah. But there are some oddities in the AI and it's far from perfect, hopefuly some handy and timely patches will help here"
76561198063824871,Recommended,394360,23471918,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Roderick ''Blutbad'' Feldrank,"Like many people, Hearts of Iron IV is the way for me to finally get into the HoI series. The third game of the series was way too hard for me to get into and understand some of the basic mechanics of the game.Hearts of Iron IV solved many issues with a cleaner interface ( this is something Paradox seem to have worked very hard on with their latest games like Crusader Kings and Europa Universalis ), less micromanagement, more tips for the player.Still it remains a difficult game to get into and to master, something that will require time. Hopefully for the fans of the previous games and the more "" hardcore "" players, the game will be satisfaying enough for them or some mods later on will be able to do that for them. For the time being, I think HoI IV has all the key elements to be a great, difficult and beautiful game. I am a huge fan of strategy and grand strategy game, far from being an expert though, and so far I am conquered by Paradox's last production.Also, the release of the game is smooth : no noticable bugs for me, no crashes, the game runs fine. Some people have complained about a drop of performence as the game goes on which is probbaly due to the fact that as you advance in time the map is more active with more units moving, more battles that you can see, more details.+ Points :- Beautiful map- Good animations on the unit models eventhough it's not very important for the game- tips and info for the player- Unit and army management has greatly improved and is now more friendly to players.- Excellent replayability. The fact that you can play non-historical games improve that since it is now fun to play smaller nations ( invading the US as Mexico ? Becoming a fascist Netherlands ? ,....Etc )- Not many bugs. I haven't experienced any crash, maybe a 5s sort of freeze but it could be my computer- points :- I find the air units difficult to manage. it is not always clear how to give orders to an wing compared to a navy for example- Though the music is good and I like the contemporary songs, it soon starts to be a bit repetitive. i suppose some DLCs will adress that, or mods maybe.- Nothing else really."
,Recommended,394360,23633954,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Hong Kong Journalists,"No doubt, much more better than stellaris with more replayability.This game provides you with historical accuracies(a bunch of real events in the national focus) and variants(ex.you can make US facist), altough I think playing as allies forces or soviet much more easier than axis.Unlike their other strategy games, rather than staring at screen waiting for the final combat results, a lot of micromanegements are required to take advance in battles, and most importantly, it's easy to grasp the mechanics and master the game compared to HOI3.Depite lack of individual portraits for every country (are these countries ruled by clone?) and late game smoothness, paradox finally builds a almost complete game ;)So far, best strategy game I have ever played."
,Recommended,394360,28076112,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mythblooded,"I've put over 150 hours into HOI IV so far, and it's been one of the most enjoyable strategy gaming experiences I've ever had.  The learning curve isn't as insanely steep or daunting as it might seem from other iterations of the series.  Investigating and testing new strategies, the interplay between different types of war, resource, and political mechanics are deep and interesting, and I'm always discovering a new take on how to run my country of choice.  If you love WWII strategy, this is a no-brainer purchase, and you won't regret a second or a penny."
76561198159557465,Recommended,394360,28078963,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Reece,"Amazing game overall, a bit hard to learn at first but once you learn it provides endless hours of fun!"
76561198023859609,Recommended,394360,29528645,Posted: 27 January,all,thebhoo,A very immersive and detailed game covering the lead up to and the fighting of WW2.  I am not a big fan of real-time games but the pause-able mature of this one and the ability to play just about any nation that existed at that time makes this a winner.  Love the vast Mod-community as well.
76561198206778949,Recommended,394360,29531265,Posted: 27 January,all,Ragemode213,Being half mexican I love the chance to becomy a democracy and fighint with the allies for a long part of the war. The mexicans did join the allies but only Esquadron 201 fought in a single air battle.
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,394360,23457096,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Corwin86,"Ok, first: Paradox is my favourite game produces and I own all their strategy games of the last 5 years and more.But... I'm really scared by HOI4... it seems they decided to simplify the game too much... and I already see that problem for the Total War ""saga"", with terrible results.Let's be honest, this is a good product, but WAY less funny than HOI3 or also the last CK2 and so on...I mean, HOI3 was surely too boring in same way, but the rest of the game let you ""live"" WW2 in a good and funny way.Do they want to simplify and improve it? Perfect, but they have done it with an axe!Now, you simply have NO emotional ""feedback"" (or also real feedback, like, what is happening during combat? And the before battle reports? ).Ok, I can accept the industry system, more fast and intuitive.But... the tech tree? Is a joke compared to HOI3 + community mods!The AI? Wait, is it possible that the AI is the worst ever seen in a Paradox game? In my last game I've seen Italy troops cross the Reich, taking a ship and transport them from Kiel to Rome passing over the Dover's cliffs! And the UK doing nothing.And the new ""strategic"" system? You drag some line and let the AI doing everything. You can also take command of the single units, but, without a better feedback system is quite impossible to understand when a battle start or finish, or what planes are you facing, or study a decent strategy.If you've played any past Paradox games, this is a piece of cake: in one game, you'll understand how to win and subdue any threat, with almost any nation.At the end, a good game, but not... a Paradox game.For me, it's a pretty ""cold"" game: I think I'll never love it (like Rome 2 Total War...).I don't know, I'll wait for DLC or patch, and see again, but don't waste now your money, wait to see what will be of this."
,Recommended,394360,23495825,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Rainbow Rain,"I've never played any of the Hearts of Iron games before this one, so I cannot speak on any of those. I cannot tell you how this game compares to the previous titles, nor what changes it has made. I cannot give you my 'hot take' on whether this game is more or less better than HoI 3.However, as a newcomer into the series, I find this game to be absolutely brilliant. Foregoing the tutorial, I found the game to be intuitive enough for me to be capable of learning the mechanics on my own, without outside assistant of any variety. Even moving troops navally, the most obscure mechanic, was eventually discovered by me, and lead to my (almost) success against the Chinese in an abandoned Japanese campaign.There are some issues with the game that I've noticed so far, such as the majority of countries not having their own, unique National Focus trees. I imagine that, as time goes on, those will be added. Another odd quirk of the game is the garrison function - instead of allowing me to defend my provinces as I wish, I must select an entire state, which then assigns my troops across the state seemingly at random. This has actually lead to entire tactical blunders that I was unable to defend against properly. Hopefully this issue can be resolved with them simply allowing me to 'garrison' troops wherever I please in my territory, so that I may make a line on my coastal provinces.I could go more in-depth with this game, however, I won't. Get this game, or look up a playthrough on Youtube. It's an absolutely brilliant title, and Paradox deserves kudos for it."
76561198047293948,Recommended,394360,23514065,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dawn's Tear,"I played as Sweden Because Robbaz King of Sweden!!! lol, Spent 3 years building an army for sweden, pledged my aid to finland, sadly finland never built much except a few infantry divisions. I had a moderate airforce, and a decent navy. Not long the Soviet Finnish war erupts so I hop in. Spent 3 months in 1939 and finally broke out of the leninningrad area and started to swing south feeling like I had a good handle. Well I didnt, seemed my little war effort finally got noticed by the rest of Russias vast army numbering at almost 1000 divisions compared to finnland and my own 70 divisions. they swept in and a bloody slogging match accurred.I was foced back to just about the lenningrad line and held them, air superiority i enjoyed was now a stalemate. Both my democratic state and what ever the hell Finnland had are now struggling to stop the red menace, Germany breaks the ribbontrop pact and sweeps in knocks me out of the water, destroys my airforce pushses russia far away and made me cry. America sent me a few boxes of chewing gum, ciggarettes, and two divisions of American infantry. Brition sent me a Box of choclates and a letter stating good job bro. France sent me an empty bottle of wine. This while my navy which beat the soviets naval force to death, is now burning as germans cut me to ribbons and say nice try, surrender or die. Robbaz laughed and flew away in the cube. Its good game I loved HOI 3, This game is a little bit strange compared to it but I rather like it. I would recommend it."
,Recommended,394360,23514723,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,mockier,"Playing as Australia. After a bloodless communist coup, the Aussies left the allies and invaded NZ.10/10 would crush the Kiwis again!"
,Recommended,394360,23527044,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ph0kas,"A must have for World War II / History buffs.  Great game to create your own alternative history from any country's viewpoint.  I enjoy the new simplified industry system and easier learning curve compared to previous installments.CONS:-Really dumb AI.  Like really dumb.  Paradox needs to really focus on this instead of the ten billion DLC that's soon to come.-Adding to last point, Paradox likes to pour useless paid DLC on the consumer.  Kind of annoying."
,Recommended,394360,23541575,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,George S. Patton,"-Pre-Order Cadet edition-install HOI 4-start campaign as USA-Reafirm the Monroe Doctrine-Invade Venezuela-Start a Civil war in Brazil and Argentina to secure democracy-Plan an Invasion on Japan-Invade Japanesse Home Island-Japan Surrenders to China-Finnaly join the British struggle against Fascism-Send troops to save the British/French falling African colonies-Secure Africa and Become the Liberator of Africa-Plan invasions on Italy and Axis Spain-Generals still planning...-Realize that the Brits have landed in both countries-Still Invades Southern Italy for glory, but sends troops through ports to join the struggle in central Europe-Realize that my troops are badly equiped, and have only 50 organization-Huh? Should have reaserched Grand Battle Plan Doctrine.....-Many American lives lost but still closing in with high numbers of troops-Soviets fail to reach western poland -> ♥♥♥♥ You commies!-Liberate France, Netherlands, Belgium-Finnaly reach Germany-Realize that its not worth fighting an already falling German Reich-Withdrawl troops from Europe-Britain takes Berlin-Germany capitulated-All countries in Europe except the Soviet Union turn democratic-""Something aint right yet...""-Declares war on the Soviet Union-Wins Air Supperiority over the Russian lands-Spamms Nukes at Moscow-Soviets get Nuked many more times, and the US AirForce Destroys all their population and Recources-Soviet Union Capitulates!-USA Annexes The Soviet Union-No Cold War only World PeaceUltimate Arsenal of Democracy! 1936/10 Would Free the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the world again!"
76561198067253350,Recommended,394360,23555972,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ceutermark,Good game a little buggy here and there and lags later on but overall i like it.
76561197976821027,Not Recommended,394360,23668058,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Newman,"The positive reviews for this game are from people who eitherA) Havn't played it muchB) Are Paradox fanboi'sC) Have low low expectations in lifeThe game does look significantly better than HOI3.  However when contrasted with EU4 in my opinion you havn't seen much progress on PDOX's end over the last 3 years.The game simplifies many of the systems compared to HOI3.  It removes transports, removes individual air assignments, removes espionage, removes stockpiles of resources, removes sliders (removing choice) and removes different scenario starts other than 36 and 39.The game adds a new industrial system that is much simpler.  2 types of factories, behind the scenes consumer goods.  It adds experience that you can use to upgrade your vehicles/ships/planes as you play (varients), adds a new resource type called PP (political power) and improves drastically how division design works (now limited by your army experience)The end result is a game where it feels significantly lighter or emptier than HOI3 even at release (with significantly less bugs/crashes) that is streamlined for a newer audience.  This is fine as I personally feel you can find depth not just through complicated visual choice but HOI4 in current form does not execute.The AI doesn't function.  It doesn't use the division designer so the game experience is laughably a joke.  There are no real difficulty settings.  Air Combat overlay system is aweful, and superiority is usually decided wtihin days of war outbreak.  Naval system is completely broken where a few NAV bombers are more important than the worlds biggest navy (port strike).  AI Germany cant handle any game (so you never get a fun challenege) and AI France and Brittain are just as bad.  The naval invasion system is rediculous and gimmicky (need control of sea lanes with little explanation, and little chance of the defender stoping a naval invasion).  Your garrison ordered units will simply allow full scale invasions to happen in their area and never move.  Espionage is limited to coups that in essence add no value to the game.  PP resource becomes completely useless a few years into the game and just accumulates with nothing to do.  The list actually goes on but these are the most glaring.The invariable response will be but paradox will patch it, etc etc.  In my opinion the gameplay issues are unforgiveable to have slipped through BETA if it was being played by people paying attention, but worse even when I imagine the issues gone, the game still feels hollow.  I believe this is a trend where PDOX's last two releases were intentionally minimized so that the inevitable DLC that will be over priced for 15-30 dollars will slowly add systems.  The end result is years and well over $200 later you may have a game that finally feels fleshed out.  By any standards a terrible value for gamers.I hope paradox sees the reviews and notices a trend where the majority of positive reviews are from people who played a couple hours and never realized just how bad the product at launch is, and corrects their course."
76561198079960811,Recommended,394360,23721489,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mumbo,Love this game so far. I have always loved the hearts series but found the HOI3 just a bit to much to handle. Great to see the system return to a simplier form. the tutorials online are brillant as well and well worth having a watch.
76561198119175690,Recommended,394360,23983365,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wehraboo,This is like Hearts of Iron 3 for kindergarden
,Recommended,394360,23988818,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,King_kovu,"Started as USA, promoted fascism, became fascist and the Free American Empire, invaded and annexed Venezuela, sparked fascist coups in Brazil and Argentina. Invaded Mexico, who called in the Allied forces, joined the axis. Got distracted conquering Mexico and Guatemala that I didn't notice the Canadians conquering my north. Capitulated. 10/10 would be conquered by my hat again"
,Recommended,394360,28076803,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Baltu,Unique. Nothing more to say
76561198060462990,Not Recommended,394360,30893628,Posted: 1 April,all,Cubb,"The AI is bugged most of the time with the enemy units taking months to get to the front line. Plus I can't pin point how 4 divisions can go up against 50 of my divisions (including the best technology, easy mode, and open plains) and win. Or in all my time playing, watching, and reading reviews have I ever found that, so it might be a unsolved glitch or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Most countries also when converting to a new idiology or just playing as a country, you will notice that they use 1 of a leaders will be for 2 or 3 different countries. Finally please consider other options before buying this, wait till a sale would be my advise so when you realize it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ you'll also realize you didn't waste the full $40 for the game."
76561197969033736,Recommended,394360,23515798,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BernieWouldHaveWon,Job's a good un
,Recommended,394360,23539761,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Li Shunchen,Terrible game...Can't get away from it... private and professional lifes are a mess...Curse you P'dox to make such an awesomely addictive game!
76561198003557549,Recommended,394360,23527666,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Everdark,"Good game but do not rely on your countrys ""Helpfull AI"" too much. Use it more to help yourself with large armies and do army micromanagement by yourself.Otherwise, with few tweaks and plenty of bugfixing, it's going to Be great game."
76561198070666224,Recommended,394360,23528443,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,War Cardinal,Love this game even when you're not in the mood to play it you get sucked into non stop action and fun!
76561197970756092,Recommended,394360,23555142,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.","It's super fun and probably the most accessible Paradox title so far. However i'm gonna put it down now until they fix these issues:It's far too easy. The AI is very timid and quite frankly pretty bad.There are some really annoying performance issues, the game really starts to chug badly near the mid/late game.Pick it up now if you want to win WW2 easy as your chosen nation, wait if you want an actual challenge.1.1.0 update:The game is a fair bit harder and the performance is tolerable now, as long as the faction you want to play is Germany. The Axis AI isn't very good which makes the game very easy playing as any other faction."
76561198156809912,Recommended,394360,28483450,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Emperor Rance The Dragon Heart,"Best WW2 Stargery Game, also with the new pact and Dlc Together To Victory it make it better, only thing that sucked was the AI isn't as smart as it should be."
,Recommended,394360,23455069,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,OMOcat,>drops nuclear bomb on enemy city occupied with 40 something infantry units>nobody diesLITERALLY WHY
76561198275949403,Recommended,394360,34521376,Posted: 26 August,all,erezbatish,help i cant stop india with nukes run
76561198044144230,Recommended,394360,35075602,Posted: 19 September,all,Lt.Alexander,I made Finland go where it does not belong.I made Portugal the new Roman Empire.I made Russia and Germany regret invading PolandI made Germany the world empire.Some Tips.Avoid a land war in asia. It will take forever.Avoid going to war with japan. It will take forever to invade japan if you dont have a navyI Recommend the mod Kaiserreich.
76561198013712808,Recommended,394360,28419151,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,fhevia,"After a few games AI proves to be very very weak even against average players. Global conquest is not a matter of if its possible, just when it will be done. Setting this aside, the game is just great.I suspect the real value is multiplayer. Sadly, I havent had the chance to try it out yet."
76561198047246635,Recommended,394360,28418759,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Quiet Asian Housewife,The base game is not as incomplete as it could be ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561198093956370,Recommended,394360,31963480,Posted: 25 May,all,sandman,so gooooood
76561198329476517,Recommended,394360,30036559,Posted: 19 February,all,marcalexander007,"Steep learning curve for those unfamiliar with this stratagy game, but lots of fun once you understand."
76561198150871404,Recommended,394360,35188808,Posted: 24 September,all,Communists Buy Supreme,Grand strategy at its finest.
,Recommended,394360,35188411,Posted: 24 September,all,/-NAR-/ Quentin,"My favriote game so far, i play this almost, if not everyday."
76561198070399467,Recommended,394360,35204586,Posted: 25 September,all,wolfsschanze_6,is good
,Recommended,394360,32681450,Posted: 23 June,all,✪ ✣ VeRiTaS ✣ ✪,Great game!
76561198072765228,Recommended,394360,32684978,Posted: 23 June,all,DEM0,"great game i love it, it's even better to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,394360,35121293,Posted: 21 September,all,[BLD] Dragon_Man,"I have 644 hours played on this game. I love almost all of the pardox games. But, with the current state of things wrong with this game is just unacceptable. Firstly if you have amd drivers the game is broken. I littleraly cant load this game anymore due to my amd drivers. Why, wont pardox update there game to go with the new amd drivers.? This makes no sense. Second optimozation. You cant play the game past 1944. AT all. FIX THIS. I ahave a ryzen 7 1800x, with rx 480 graphics card. It shouldnt lag like this. THe reason i buy the useless dlcs, is because i rellize that without it. they wouldnt continue supporting the game. So logic states if i keep spending money on game i should get better product. this isnt the case with paradox anymore. Update so amd drivers work with your games. and fix the latee game and i will change my review."
76561198007626819,Not Recommended,394360,23640379,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,bcrane001,Big disappointment
76561197970004695,Not Recommended,394360,23639053,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Hovis,"Some bits of it are okay. Some bits are good. But there are deeply flawed fundamentals here.1. Supply. It's still not really working like it should. For a WW2 game, where you've got the Eastern Front and so many key engagements like the Battle of the Bulge where supply is a -huge- factor, you need a supply system that works, that can handle the significance that it should have. It doesn't.2. Air combat. Too much detail in some aspects, not enough in others. I can dictate the size of an air wing down to the single aircraft, but I can't organise escorts for bombers. The priorities seem out of whack. Needs less detail in some aspects, more in others.3, The AI. Once again, I'm not sure the AI really knows how to play the game. This was a problem in HOI3 and it's a problem here. I've played one game so far and I've seen so much daft AI behaviour just in that game that my faith in it is dead. I've seen Germans human-wave attack the Maginot Line. I've seen the Italians human-wave + cavalry charge against my lines in the Alps. I've seen the Italians throwing unescorted transports full of soldiers into a sea teeming with British warships to try to reinforce North Africa and lose hundreds of thousands of men in the process.So, yeah. Probably want to wait on this one.Added a video, pretty much sums up my experience of playing this against the AI.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE8yMWW0A4cEdited to add, since 1.1 the AI is marginally less stupid. Still not great though. It is still relatively easy to, for example, beat Japan as China."
,Recommended,394360,23529445,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,LDM || Baron Augustion,- Fascist America- Invaded Mexico in the name of 'freedom'- Annex Mexico- No need for a wall.10/10
,Recommended,394360,30211896,Posted: 26 February,all,wEEd | ReSpOnD,"My friend got it for me and I gotta say I absolutely love this game taking over asia and im pretty sure im going to put 1,000 plus hours into this game because of how addictive it is. Me and 2 friends formed a new asian alliance and took on the soviet union together, and it was lit before we declared war on the allies and axis then crushed"
,Recommended,394360,32594783,Posted: 20 June,all,Jiletullah,Nice game. And modding community works way too hard.
76561198204021923,Recommended,394360,30201755,Posted: 26 February,all,F.U.B.A.R,pretty laggy and the AI sucks
,Not Recommended,394360,23681599,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Bulision,"Clunky UI makes the game play unbearable. You will need to be able to right click and drag, which is not an option on my notebook with touchpad.You immediatelly need to apply several mods to make the map little bit more user friedly, such as bigger victory point markers and readable counters.Overall I guess the game needs polishing to be fun. Maybe after a couple DLCs."
,Recommended,394360,28547668,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,RangerJoe,A solid WW2 strategy time sink.
,Not Recommended,394360,23545927,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Agustes,"I want to like this game I really do but it's just so hollow and arcade like that I simply can't bring myself to like it. I loved paradox but if they keep pumping out streamlined♥♥♥♥♥♥like this I don't know what I'm going to do-Ai is trash and if you don't believe me I played as nationalist China and 6 months in to the war the Japanese moved their entire army consisting of over 70 devisions off of my border to go invade Australia...- The main feature of this game, the frontline feature is utterly broken and has your troops strategically redeploying all across your lines creating a cluster ♥♥♥♥ and leaving gaps in your line- I can literally mount and offensive consisting of over a million men and armored vehicles through the Siberian wastelands and win. Who needs supplies anyways? It's not like they were a necessary part of world war 2 or anything.- Don't even get me started on how dumbed down the supply system is- Production system is good but that is pretty much the extent of the worthwhile innovations this game brings to the table.- One of my favorite features though is how you don't even need to fight any wars whatsoever instead you just press a button and you can turn any country to your ideology effectively neutralizing them as a threat. Scared of the Soviets? Just click a button and start a civil war! Don't want to invade america? Don't worry just spend a year throwing pamphlets at them and turn them Facist!- I really love how stacking penalties mean absolutely nothing and you can just wander around with the entire Royal Navy and roflstomp anything that moves.- Want to be a minor nation? Don't worry you can catch up to the Germans within a couple years and conquer the world as Luxembourg because ♥♥♥♥ history amiright?- The peace deal system leads to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and broken europeThese are just the things that I can think of right now but don't be mistaken there are MANY more problems with this game. So many that in my opinion no matter how many 40$ DLCs they stack on top of this game it will always be a hollow piece of garbageI used to call this game a ww2 mod for EU4 but then I realized it was much much worse"
76561198037885982,Recommended,394360,24305030,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,hammerlordi,"very fun and easy to learn actully, if you take some time to chill and read. i am new to this type of games but its really fun. You can play as almost any country you want, and become a super power. One thing that is very annoying is the passfinding for some units sometimes. But other than that this game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,394360,23680507,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Invest in Eastern Poland,"Hearts of Iron IV is a decent game that's fun most of the time.  I'll list off what it does well and what it doesn't.GraphicsThe game's graphics are a huge improvement over HoI III, which is to be expected.  However the game goes one step farther.  The new default mapmode makes the game much more visually appealing.  Being able to see both the political and terrain map modes at the same time is amazing.  The screen shows everthing and the UI is simple to understand.ProControlsIt's very simple to just right-click to direct armies, but the new introduction to the game, battle plans, are clunky, and difficult to execute.  Drawing offensive move orders is simple enough but the offensive lines used to make fronts are clunky.  You have to make a whole new front to put troops on the border of another country.  While this seems like a good mechanic, when the country only has one shared province with you, Luxembourg for instance,  this is just a hassle.  When troops are assigned to fronts they will not take easily to direct control.  If you move one troop on a line, the whole line moves to compensate.  If you try to force troops to stay still to regain organization or strength, they'll move away after you finish directing them to stay.  If you turn strategic redeployment off, the front wil use it anyway and have troops get caught with low organization.  My first and favorite Paradox game is Victoria 2, and I've become very fond of manual movement.  Plans aren't ment for someone like me.ConAIThe game's AI is very straightforward.  They will always follow National Foci the same way, even if that means declaring war on another country while losing to another.  Japan, for instance, will invade America, while losing to both the USSR and China.  Germany will invade Yugoslavia while getting creamed in Russia.  The AI will almost never attack unless a plan is formed.  This results in a larger enemy doing nothing because they haven't finished planning.  Germany won't attack Russia because a plan isn't done.  You can easily out-manuever enemies and cut them off from supplies because they just won't move.  However when the AI does have battle plans, they fight hard and rather well.  They use air support to their advantage, ingage in naval battles, and outnumber you when possible.  Overall the AI is good at best, incompetent at worst.IndifferentNational FociSetting a national focus for your country will determine what path your nation travels down.  Most of them I find usefull and important.  My only complaint is that there should be more special national foci for nations.  Nations like Spain and Greece have the basic national focus trees.  While this can be fixed with modding, I'm sure Paradox will fix it with DLC that adds more foci.  Some nations, I feel should have more freedom.  Major nations should have the options that change your idealogy like the minor nations.  Overall, I like the naitonal focus system.ProLeadersLeader and general portraits are so common it hurts.  A nation can have their ruler be the same face as 5 of their generals.  Half the countries in the world can have the same leader.  As far as I can tell it's impossible to edit the rulers and Paradox will surely fix it with a DLC for $15.  Overall a small gripe, but I'm more concerned with how much Paradox will surely make DLC.ConMusicThe game's music, with the preorder bonuses, is amazing.  The Hearts of Iron staples and generic music is here, but so are German and Allied songs.  The first time I heard Panzerlied was amazing.  The Allied songs are light and fun.  The game's music is important to enjoyability and is very good.ProSandbox CapabilitiesHearts of Iron IV allows for much more freedom than Hearts of Iron III and it feels much more like a grand strategy than a military simulator like it did in the past.  Now you can become a fascist America and unite the Americas under one banner while fighting Japan.  Now you can play as fascist Greece and retake Turkey and remake the Byzantine Empire.  Now you can play as a Communist Germany and unite with the USSR.  You can do much more and almost anything in the game.  However you are somewhat imited by reality so minor nations such as Luxembourg or non-Western minors, like Iraq, still don't have many possibilites.  However this is to be expected.  Overall this is a major improvement over the last game.Protl;dr: Hearts of Iron IV is a fun game that is not without flaws.  While it's fun it does scare me because I know Paradox will make more DLC, and when Paradox does get around to Victoria 3, it wil be loaded with DLC."
,Recommended,394360,30073073,Posted: 20 February,all,Jäger,The game is currently good. It will become great after a few more updates/DLC.
76561198392636238,Recommended,394360,35191706,Posted: 24 September,all,MilanTheBest,Good game! :)
76561198158562146,Recommended,394360,24501361,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tatyomar,من اروع الالعاب
,Recommended,394360,29258244,Posted: 14 January,all,MattBlueshift,"Hearts of Iron IV is not your classic World War 2 Strategy game. Your not commanding your troops in battle or running around as a lone soldier in the western front. You are the leader of a country before and during the infamous war. You have many hard choices that you can make. ""Should I support the allies? Should I attack Germany? Should I stay neutral?"". You  can also even change your political ideology of your nation to either Democracy. (Yes you can make the Soviet Union a free capitalist country) Communist. Or Fascist(most enjoyable ideology in my personal opinion). You can also manage your military economy (although no actual money is present). And even research the nuclear bomb (Luxembourg can invent the Nuke.)Pros: Fantastic political systemimmersive gameplay that makes you feel like a leader in the 2nd World WarMany different paths you can take to lead your country to victorySimple and interesting gameplay. (Not hard to learn)Cons: The AI is not that smart just yetNot enough events that does the ERA justice.DLC is too expensive.FINAL VERDICTI give this game a 9/10 for its amazing and yet simple gameplay. With many paths you can take as a leader.So what are you waiting for? Get out there and win the war! (Or conquer the world as nazis)"
76561198341305406,Recommended,394360,29680537,Posted: 3 February,all,timwaagh,"Okay. it's great fun to be hitler conquer europe and destroy freedom. it's really nice. it gives you this tickling feeling you know. it is also great fun to conquer the world with your country. the strategic mechanics are quite interesting and deep. the 'battle plans' can be good if you don't want to micro but i don't like that the game gives me a warning if i don't use the system.i think part 3 was better because of its supply system. in this game, you cannot infrastructure bomb to prevent enemy supplies from reaching the battle. i rather liked that mechanic in part 3.ah yeah this game would be amazing for multiplayer, except for one thing: mp is really slow. frequently the other player lags behind."
76561197986775314,Recommended,394360,23670070,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Aluminum Elite Master,"I wrote a throw-away funny review at first, until I had more time with this... so, here goes just a little more depth:It's really, really good. After HoI3, I sort of thought the changes to the command structure would be a problem... but the reduction to just divisions, armies, generals, and field marshals works pretty well. It isn't perfect, as there's little reason not to dump a comical amount of divisions onto a field marshal (they have no unit cap whatsoever, and can field infinite divisions), but patches/DLC/mods will probably tweak the command structure enough to make it just right.The graphics are much improved.The national focuses and world tensions mechanics interact very well, creating semi-historical situations that provide some semblance of World War II without being *exactly* the same thing every time.The production of equipment, the ability to send volunteer forces, and the battle planning are also improved.Overall, I am surprised to find myself liking this over HoI3.But, there are a couple of things that leave me wondering what will happen with DLC, and not exactly in a good way. For starters, the way transports work is a little strange... you can't send a naval invasion in unless you control the local sea area (which is logical) but you can send transports from one owned port to another without assigning any escort ships and thus risking your troops. That's strangely inconsistent... either let me try to send in a naval invasion without having total control of the sea, or force me to assign escorts if I want to use sea tranports. Weird to be able to risk the troops on long, looping routes around the Horn of Africa, but not be able to send them into a naval invasion just because I only have 40% control of the local sea area.Another area is the wonder weapons. Nukes and guided missiles work incredibly badly, right now. Currently, nukes do nothing but lower national unity (meaning you need less war-score to force them into peace). Which is useful, but... it's a nuke for crying out loud, the least it should do is damage all units and buildings in the tile. Rockets also are weird... unlike everything else, they magically appear on their launchers; no need to choose to build them.Both the two paragraphs above make me think a couple of systems or mechanics got cut for DLC, especially for the nerf-ball nukes.The only problem I see as being hard to fix in HoI4 (regardless of what DLC and modding do) is the pacing of the game. Starting in 1936 is too little time prior to 1939 to be even close to ready, as *anyone*, not just the Soviet Union. Sure, you could fix that with a DLC that lets you begin in 1934. But then you run into the tech problem... the tech tree just goes by too fast. With the right order of national focuses, it isn't at all difficult as most major sides to have literally *every* unit type and upgrade by 1944-45. Seriously, the tech tree just isn't big enough... even with all the incremental upgrades to do, it's just not deep or wide enough to really force me into specializing that much. Everything is combined arms, all the time, if I can just maintain the status-quo up to 1941-42.The tech tree, and the duration of the campaign (scoring ends in 1949), don't interact well. The only time the techs I choose seem to matter is in the early years of peace, when the techs unlock new units that I will want built before the war so I can train them via military exercises. In those early years, the teching matters a lot.Overall, I think it's an outstanding game, actually.But while the balance can be patched quickly, and while nukes can be made to actually do something more meaningful via DLC, the one lingering problem is that the teching seems to be shallower... nothing wrong with simplifying here and there, but if you do condense some techs, then you need to find others to add.But highly recommend this."
76561198053046087,Recommended,394360,23429155,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nohealforu,"Hearts of Iron 4 is an excellent strategy game.  It does a good job of providing meaningful decisions in all aspects of the country (diplomacy, industry, research, military, etc.) without overwhelming you with options like its predecessor.  The epidemic micromanagement has been replaced with useful tools such as the division templates.  Army composition is important, so having the ability to quickly update entire forces is quite nice.  Air combat and naval combat are also much more manageable now, with sea and air zones broken out into fairly large regions where you can assign missions to hundreds of ships and planes at a time to cover an area. (Fleets can be assigned to multiple regions, planes cannot, although they do seem to roam a bit outside of the region if they have the range and nothing to do inside.)  Air superiority feels right in this game and has a strong effect and leaving your troops exposed to enemy close air support will almost always result in a loss.  Supply makes much more sense than before and makes it so that the infrastructure damage to an area will slow down large armies quite a bit and weaken them significantly.  Ports are often very important for getting supplies in and out of areas making naval superiority important as well.  The damage caused to infrastructure by bombing can also be quite useful to stop the enemy's supply and destroying the factories keeping them equipped.  Everything in this game just works together so well and feels like it has a purpose and that your actions actually change things without being too difficult to understand what is going on.  I think this may be the best Paradox strategy yet, and definitely the one with the strongest and most complete gameplay at launch."
,Recommended,394360,26573552,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gott Mit Uns,"A summary of my most successful playthrough of a nation>Be me, Dutch lad>Decide to play the mighty Netherlands>Patriotsm.png>Start at 1 in the afternoon before lunch>Almost no industry>Rebuild army>Germany Presses me to be Fascist>Hellno.jpeg>Germany is sad>It is 1940>Uhoh>Tis the time of Fall Gelb>Sure enough Germany Declares War on me>Mighty Dutch Army Is Mighty>Beat back Germany>Germany completely gives up>Invade Germany>Win>Mighty Dutch Army Is Mighty>Come 1946>Russia Starts to justify war goals>ohnoes>Henri Winkelman believes we can do it>I do too>Mighty Dutch Army Is Mighty>6 months pass>We don't do it>Soviet union destroys 243 divisions>Mighty Dutch Army Is No More>2 Divisions remain in Eindhoven>Russia Wins the war>Check casualties>12 Million Russians dead>Ah, Russian VictorySatisfied I leave my computer.it's now 6:30am."
76561198026984216,Recommended,394360,29250557,Posted: 14 January,all,GenFerro,"I am new to the HOI franchise, but must say I have been pleasently surprised. HOI4 offers so many different styles and play throughs, that you could never get bored. Only downside, you better have google pulled up at all times so you can figure out how to play, as it is a horrible tutorial.I foresee the same old Paradox strategy of DLC. But as long as they continue to update it can only get better. I recommend!"
76561198119660365,Recommended,394360,30365420,Posted: 6 March,all,Schwaltz,The best game I have played in my entire life.
,Recommended,394360,29218824,Posted: 12 January,all,Brandenburg,"Been playing the game for days and still dont know how to play it very well, still fun. If youre looking to waste time"
76561198051546064,Recommended,394360,29809422,Posted: 9 February,all,Yamantaka,"I do recommend this game though I concur it has some flaws, it feels as if it was released unfinished. Fundamentally, this is a fun game. This new version really made Hoi warfare a bit more manageable, while keeping the gameplay exciting and dynamic. Its exciting to encircle enemy troops, its fun to penetrate deep behind enemy lines with tanks. However, the air combat has become entirely background, normally you forget it is going on. The interface is terrible for showing you what is happening, in both land and air combat. There was effort to make a graphic effort for air combat, but not to show much about how it was impacting combat, what was being bombed, fighter combat etc. Its a particularly disengaging and alienating part of the combat.It seems there was an effort to finish graphics, but not to flesh out the focus trees / tech trees event or finish the interface. Paradox should know that their fans are not playing the games for their graphics, I'm often perplexed at how little companies understand their players. Normal Paradox games allow you considerable control over messages, but this hasn't been added in Hoi4. There are irritating 'flavor events' like Olympics, and Amelia Earhart disappears, that you cannot disable. There have zero relevance to the game, but they pop up EVERY SINGLE GAME.Achievements were lazily done, too many relate to nuking, and few offer interesting challenges. There is a bizarre imbalance for nationalities, there are achievements for Japan China or anyone in Asia except to Australia and USSR. There is one stupid achievement for Italy, and only 2 for Germany, same as for France. One only for the USSR but like 4 for Canada and Australia. DLC appears to have content that ought to have just been patching up this unfinished game.Overall, this game suceeded at doing what others do badly - simplyifying a game while not ruining it entirely. Civ 5 and 6 ruined it with their focus on simplicity and I hate them. Hoi 3 was blisteringly complex, and this is a far more manageable game to play, and mostly improved it. I did like the acquired 'technology bonuses' that discounted future technology in Hoi3, I really enjoyed that and I was sad to see it gone. On the other hand, Hoi3 did have a tech tree that was maybe a little too complex and this made it more manageable - though I would hope the current one will expand quite a bit still!If you found previous Hois impenetrable, this is the one that would get you to like Hoi. If you like Hoi, I think most of the fans will find this a positive refresh to the game, and I expect no one will pine for Hoi3."
76561198033801957,Not Recommended,394360,30307157,Posted: 3 March,all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,"Hearts of Iron is bad, but its a grand strategy game so it takes 20-30 hours to realize it."
,Recommended,394360,24776639,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Hurtman,"It's not HoI3, which is overly complex and boring to the point where I barely clocked ten hours in it, but apparently my opinion is not worth much to the 'rose-tinted glasses' master race.The game's great. The AI's pretty dumb, but that's a standard for 9/10 of games anyways. If it's really that much of a problem, play multiplayer.Singleplayer- 8/10Multiplayer - 10/10."
,Recommended,394360,24832488,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LaBiFf,"I'm a fan of Paradox. I have a lot of fun with games like Europa and Crusader Kings. and this made it so much better.-Play as Turkey-Turn Facist-Become Neo - Ottoman Empire-Conquer northg Iraq-Join Axis-Join WWII-Push halfway into french Syria-Have a 2 year stalemate xD-Finaly emerge victorious meanwhile italy owns africa-Forgot that Soviet Union attacked Axis-Looks at border, sees that Soviet Union almost took all of east Turkey-Slowley push back-Push back past The Caucases-Still playing same game-Writes review-Positive experienceI could play for atleast 5 hours at a time. Probably waaaay more!"
,Recommended,394360,24914248,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Matsas11,"Good game, although some mechanics and the AI need to be worked on."
,Recommended,394360,24940435,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Shawked,"This game is quite good with some obvious flaws.Pros:Satisfying when you capture new territories.Easy to manage.All countries from the actual time period.Alternate history.Cons:Shallow research and politics system.Lags in late game.No clear victory conditions.Overwhelming to play as Russia, UK, or GermanyBRAIN DEAD/GREEDY AI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Final score:8/10 Buy it now, it's a good game.If you read all the way down here without skipping, congratulations, you get a cookie."
76561198205040325,Recommended,394360,24941855,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,LordZeusV.2,Im in love with this game
,Recommended,394360,25002283,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,zephyr,"Fantastic game, best war strategy sim out there. Looking forward to expansions and more depth / other countries (later time period perhaps?)."
,Recommended,394360,25023643,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,GentleGerbil,"Highly recommend!! I have been a follower of the Hearts of Iron series since the first game, and feel that Paradox has finally got just the right balance of micro management along side of detail. This game is incredible in the way units are recruited and trained through manpower while supplies are manufactured. Where every since plane is counted, every ship (even destroyers) are named... but the construction is simple and the orders are simple.I've always loved the detail in the Hearts of Iron series but in the past, executing orders at JUST THE RIGHT MOMENT has been very difficult in a multiplayer game where you do not pause. In this game, you can assign orders long ahead of time for a perfectly executed plan... and as your plan falls apart, you have ample time to retreat or assign new orders without watching your units get decimated and fall apart without any decisions.Definately a must get.On the flip side, I would really love to see the minor powers have more customized focus trees (instead of the generic trees) and a little more historically accurate AI. Not too bad for a first release, but I have found that Russia rarely honours the MOlotov pact and frequently invades Finland proper. I""m sure all this will iron out with patches and more content in the future :)."
76561198236625760,Recommended,394360,25046830,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tonight the Tsars Revolt,"Very fun if you either enjoy strategic war games on a massive scale, WWII, or both. Whilst the diplomacy side of the game is a tad lacking, you have to consider that this IS a World War II strategy game, so the most ""diplomatic"" thing in this game is gonna be military allianced. Waging war in this game is quite fun, especially when you decide to turn fascist (mainly because fascism is OP during wars), though you can also be a democratic pleb or a dirty commie.For example, I decided to play as Poland once, turned fascist, invaded Slovakia and Bulgaria, and next thing I knkow I am halfway into Soviet territory in a three way war between me, the USSR, and a coalition betweeen Britain and France.All in all, I give this a 9/10, and I recomend it for those who like strategy, war games, WWII, and (alternate) history."
,Recommended,394360,25161107,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dandarr,I currently have 117.9 hours in game.I'll start with the TL:DR version. Yes the game is worth $40 and the music packs are also worth their cost.PROS:-It's satisfying-It's very replayable-It's Indepth-It's game lengths are good and the autosaving is at excellent intervels-simpler to learn than HOI3-harder to master-national focuses are a great idea and well excecutedCons:-there are plenty of Dlc and lets face it there's gunna be more-it can be hard to get back into it once you finish a game-ai is dumb and puts it's troops into the middle of nowhere instead of in it's key positions-ai doesn't upgrade its troops with better equipment (such as arty units and AT etc.)-encircling is OP (same with paratroopers since you can drop ARTY with them)-ai focuses way to heavily on planes leaving it's land forces weakAll in all the game is excellent but the ai needs some tweaking to make it a bit more competent and just that bit more aggressive because at the moment it can have the upper hand in troops but due to it's unwillingness to attack it will lose the initiative and end up getting vast swathes of troops surronded. Definatley worth the money!
76561198242207886,Recommended,394360,25191133,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SPUTNIK,"The game is great. And I'm saying the base game only. For all that time I played this game, no DLC, and I enjoyed.Would reccomend.Great Game."
76561198025392637,Recommended,394360,25203651,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,bugsandy,HOI3 is still better in many aspect but industry management is perfect! Still need more improvement and it will become legend....again....
76561198031076003,Not Recommended,394360,25216765,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,carl,"Long time player of all the HOI games. This was a complete dissapointment to me. This is the version of the game created for the massess, a total failure. Stick with HOI III + the DLC if your a true WarGamer, if you like CIV games and stuff like that, you will like this game. Wish I didn't waste my money on it Paradox."
76561198076162017,Recommended,394360,25253087,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Baylegion,I absoluely love ths game!! I fear its only fault of release is nothing uniqe for commusinst China.
,Recommended,394360,25258549,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BlueAngel209,"Full depth review:Introduction:If you want a real Grand Strategy WWII Simulation game, That is extremely hard to master, but also hard to win your first 10 games on easiest difficulty, then,then my comrade this is a game for you!Start Menu:You can play the game in SinglePlayer and MultiPlayerSinglePlayer:It is gamemode I played for 200 hours, It consists of 2 Scenarios, the 1936 Remilitarization of Rhineland, or 1939 the Blitzkrieg scenario. You can play game in 3 difficulties: 1.Recruit, the easiest difficulty in which you get significant bonuses to your production 2.Regular, you do not get any bonuses nor penalties 3. You get some penalties toward your production. You can tick several boxes for tweaking your game: Historical AI Focuses(AI will act and go through classic WW2 scenario) and Iron Man mode(There is only one game save, which means you cannot save before crucial decision, or war and then retry it) Every country has a rulling party, and there can be 4: Fascist, Communist, Democratic, Regency Council, these will affect your Allies/Enemies, national unity, name of your country and National Focuses.My opinion on SinglePlayer:I would say that SinglePlayer is by far the most interesting gamemode, as you can feel the WW2 scenario through eyes of Communists, or Democracy, for example playing the game as Josip Broz Tito, the Communist Leader of Yugoslavia is an totaly different experience then having a fascist leader Milan Stojadinovic, when you will have totaly different way of looking on the world and allies/enemies. And I am just talking about 1 country, 2 rulling parties, which means the game has HUGE replayability value to the point where you will want to try every party of every country to win the war and to try with different allies, different battleplans, different national focuses. It is absolutely amazing. Now you can see that there is depth in this game, mostly in Combat, Production, Research...Research, Diplomacy, Production, Trade:You will have to research Battle equipment, ships, aricraft etc. and then Produce it with your factories (This is now going into gameplay) but I just want to give you idea of how deep it is, there is more then 20 different stats of a Battle Division, including: Soft attack, Hard attack, Breakthrough, Movement, Reliability etc. If you research a specific type of tank, lets say a light tank, (there are also different tanks for each year, and every light thank progressing through timeline is better) you can choose to produce that tank and even create varian, so if you are not that happy that Light tank is easier to produce but also easier to destroy, you can spend some army experiene and start the production of Light tank with more armor, but then your divisions will be slower, so you can create a variant with better engines and armour up to 5 points, for example one point in armor will give your light tank that you want to produce more defense etc. So this is just about production of light tanks, how about heavy tanks, or maybe support artilleries, or towed AA, or Ships or Aircraft or Support vehicles. It goes very deep and is hard to master. In Diplomacy however thins are much more simple, you can justify a war goal if you are a nationalist or communist, but you cannot if you are a democratic country as you are protecting world peace, and will need country that you are trying to attack to generate world tension before being able to justify war goal against it. You can boost party popularity, stage a coup (All having pros and cons and requireing different resources, send volounteer forces, expeditionary forces, improve relations etc. Tradin is very simple as you will just want to trade with your allies for resources that you need.Combat:Units combat by fighting each other for provinces if you click on a ongoing battle you can see detailed info about tactics your general is using, also divisions that are on the front, the terrain, weather number of aircraft assisting your divisions, different multipliers and penalties depending on your equipment, divisions attrition, organization. This one I could go really deep.AI: Ai is kind of less artificial then I tought, altough it makes stupid mistakes such as not using a clear advantage of weaker enemy or just by rushing in your territory and then getting cut off and dying of attrition or simply being over run, also some bugs can be found of AI just completely leaving the front after months of battle, etc.Overall:I give this game 10/101. Great Graphics and artwork2. Great SoundsSoundtrack3. Played it over 100 hours4. Multiplayer/Singleplayer works great5. Steam workshop and Mods!6. steam trading cards, backgrounds, emojis7. Game has depth and is hard to master by just playing it8. It is completely different from other games I have played9. AI is great10. Good Developers"
76561198039634090,Recommended,394360,25291042,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,thomas_brown_1983,"Despite some initial trepidation I can say very simply that I am enjoying playing HoI4 so far; it's an overall pleasurable experience in a way that HoI3 wasn't.It has some areas for improvement which I am sure will be fixed either via patching or modding community. If it improves as much as HoI3 has improved via expansions, patches and mods, then it will end up being a truly excellent game."
76561198043359674,Recommended,394360,25307163,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,shadow winds,love it too much
,Recommended,394360,25310092,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Radioactive767,"Playing as United States cause America> Decide to do  normal playthrough of actual World War II> Join allies in 1940> Send troops to Africa, England, and China> Slowly push axis back> supreme stratagy is destroying them> End the war in 1942> annex what was Germany Reich and Japan> Soviet union starts making moves because dirty red commies> begin protecting northern Europe like Finland and Sweden> USSR invades Finland> I declare war on USSR cause divine intervention> Send all forces to my Eastern Front to combat the dirty reds> Start pushing them back> sudden notification> ""Britian has declared war on Norway""> ""Britian has declared war on the United States""> mfw i now have to fight a war on two fronts vs my former allies"
76561198143361999,Recommended,394360,25348053,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Zamfir Master of the Pan Flute,I played as Switzerland so I could watch the world burn around me 10/10
76561197987153183,Recommended,394360,25351837,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Rysq,"The AI can be either predictable and striaghtforward or totally out of its mind. Airforce deployment is like playing whack a mole with hordes of airplanes. Non-stop Naval alerts will drive you bonkers, and aspects such as national focus's and diplomacy can leave something to be desired.If a paradox game is any indication, this will likely improve alot over time as the game will hopefully be the recipiant to alot of updates and dlc's in the future. Mods also do much to improve some of its diversity and flavor.Overall despite its aforementioned shortcomings, its a paradox game on a clauswitz engine. So if your aware of what that recipe is, than you should know what to expect. If you dont, this is a great game (and fairly easy) to learn and take for spin.It definately scratches a WW2 grand stratefy itch like no other game of its kind. Its one of my favorites right now, and is likely to remain in my playlist for a long time.Definately Recommended."
,Recommended,394360,25377378,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Obergruppenführer Blackwood,"Got this game on Sunday, on Monday i had 20 hours, and still in a war with sovjet.10/10 would lose all my men to attrition agian"
,Recommended,394360,23554389,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Markry,Dank
76561198135504922,Recommended,394360,23634609,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,N.O.P._gaben-stole-my-dollar,"To all you Paradox fans, this is one should definitely be on your list of must have games.  A lot of people are complaining about how the game is ""overly complicated"", but I think with enough time and effort, you can figure out the mechanics soon enough. To be honest with you, I didn't figure out how to do naval invasions until about 30 hours into this game.Pros of this game -1. excellent production system, twice as good as HOI3.2. A decent tutorial to introduce you to the game. Unlike HOI3, which basically said ""left click right click have fun""3. Construction is now separate from your military production. Thank god.4. Wonderful graphics5. improved multiplayer system from HOI36. Tends not to crash as much as the steam HOI37. National Focus system was greatly expanded is is very useful.And now, to the unfortunate cons of a wonderful game-1. Espionage is broken. You can't just spam spies to do all your work for you.2. Army set up is sort of confusing. As I said early, I don't figure out about naval invasion until 30 hours into the game3. You can't automate air and naval operations. They are sort of a nucience now.4. Deployment system is slow, but can be worked around easily.Notice how there is more pros then cons. I you haven't already, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,394360,23720221,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,G1GHORTRIDER,"Is it good... yes. Is it great... not yet. There are still stability, and gameplay issues to the game, but nothing that is too deterring from playing the game. Yes, the game is not as complex as Hearts of Iron 3, but that's not what the game was designed for. This is designed for newer players trying to get into the paradox series. Even in some forums newer players still struggle and ask for help. In terms of complexity it is not as complicated as Hearts of Iron 3 or even HOI3 with Black ICE, but this is something to be praised. Paradox is trying to bring in new players and expand its market share in the genre will sacrificing as little as possible. For newer players this is a great way to get into the paradox games. For the older players the game will only get better with updates, and dlc(like eu4, and crusader kings 2), and if all else fails there is the modding community.Please note that I have over 225 hours in Hearts of Iron 4, Victoria 2, and Europa Universalis 4, as well as 100 hours in Hearts of Iron 3. Because of this, I feel like I'm not talking out of my♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,394360,23727519,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Loekiedepo,"As a quite hardcore Paradox veteran, this is in my opinion the very best Hearts of Iron to date. Many people mistake a streamlined interface for being a dumbed down version of HoI 3, but let me assure you this game is just as hard. It just takes all the unnecessary crap (i.e. literally micromanaging every division on every front) out of it. You can still go as hardcore as you would in HoI 3, it just isn't necessary anymore.That being said, there is quite a lot to fix in this game and I wouldn't recommend this game to grand strategy lovers until Paradox has actually fixed them:- The AI is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.On my first playthrough, I won every war and ended up with the entirety of the UK and the entire eastern seaboard of the USA. Mind you, this was in Ironman and with the Netherlands.- The game is still a single threaded 32-bit Clausewitz engine.This means that whenever the USSR or USA decides to join the world war, you might as well press alt + f4 because performance just went out the window. This game honestly runs faster on a Pentium 4 than a modern day i7.- The game is ridded with bugs and stuff that doesn't happen as you would expect. Although the tooltips explain pretty much everything in the game, some things just aren't right and don't happen as indicated. Why can I press 'Go' on my naval invasion plan, when I apparently don't even have enough convoys to make the invasion happen? Why do my armies immediately start to strategically redeploy the second I press 'Go' on my well thought out battleplan, causing half of them to be immediately wiped or routed? Why do my armies stay and entrench themselves when there is literally no one in the provinces next to them?I can really recommend buying this game since it is still the best HoI to date. But Paradox should really fix and add a lot of stuff before I can fully enjoy this game. The game might be Swedish, but it's too broken to develop a Stockholm Syndrome for it."
,Recommended,394360,28074793,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[DSU] Bluetshirtguy,If it took you months to get used to HOI3 then prepare to be confused again.
,Recommended,394360,28242257,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Intimidator94,"Right, lets get down to business, I have to get to the most simplistic con of the entire game, images, now hear me out, to start with, where the hell are the Self Propelled Artillery, Tank Destroyer, and Anti-Aircraft images? The M10 Wolverine did not look like the M3 Lee, it looked like the M10 Wolverine, the M7 Priest looked like an M7 Priest and to switch over for a moment, the Stug doesn't look like a Pz III or IV, it looks like a Stug. If you put out a DLC for this, you'll look stupid and justifiably. Money grubbing doesn't get you into heaven, or since it's 2016, money grubbing will not get you nothingness after death. A shambolic thing to say the least, also why don't you allow people to buy the skins for some of the nations already? It doesn't take several months to code this stuff you know. If you are going to force us to go with this pay to play model, at least give some of it to us before the end of the year. Also, seriously? Focus Trees need fixing, you couldn't get it in before release? Are you guys that broke? Do you need the directions to the local welfare office or something? Stop penny pinching and grabbing please. Now do I give this game a thumbs up, yeah I do, I really like it, I like having a minor in History and a big knowledge of WW2 and be able to play this game the way I want to. Also to cover myself, I have no achievements because I cannot stand the way Ironman Mode works, I run my games at max speed and I once tried doing ten years on Stellaris, the autosaves interrupted me trying to make decisions and the like and I got so fed up with it that I quit a game I actually was doing fairly well on. It's mindnumbing that you do that, just put a fail safe in, if a player makes a critical mistake or loses a set number of provinces, auto save it then so they can't do what Ironman Mode is supposed to prevent, going back to fix the mistakes. But to get back to the game, theres another couple errors, the Montana class for example, never had 18 inch guns, she wasn't designed with em, and there is impressive documentation that she was to be fitted with the same 16inch guns as Iowa. Another point, why would you not have the A-26 Invader as the 1944 Tactical Bomber? It literally served in both primary theaters from 1944 in that capacity. Instead we get some random X prototype. Also the P-61 Blackwidow? Why can't that be the 1944 Heavy Fighter? No answer there either. Honestly it's maddening, also finally, why bother with the T-20, you could have had a real Sherman variant in it's place, believe it or not, I doubt any of the thousands of players would have minded. It's just all these little things that start to add up, if I had to give a percentage, 55 percent thumbs up, 45 percent thumbs down right now for those of us with a historical bent on the mind. Fix all this crap please, and would it kill you to add a year or two of ship design onto the Naval aspects of things, it'd be really appreciated on certain aspects, and the fact the Gato Class is missing. I could go into other nations, but this would go well beyond the sermon it is already."
,Recommended,394360,28242466,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,VideoGameKurgan | Twitch,Great game! The mod community is great as well!
,Recommended,394360,28386505,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GEBIRGS­JÄGER,"It's the best strategygame I've ever playedBUT don't get mad if you don't understand it in the first hours of playing.When you understand it, you can't stop playing. Trust me"
76561198084672765,Recommended,394360,23728088,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zeta,"Started a fascist coup in the USA as Italy. It ended up starting a civil war but the German Reich ended up justifying a claim on fascist America which caused it to join the allies. This caused the USA to go to war with the Allies, they ended winning the civil war and conquered Canada.10/10 Would start a fascist coup in America again."
,Recommended,394360,23728829,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ian,"Hearts of Iron IV is a good Paradox game, not great though. I played a bit of HoI3 but never managed to get fully into it, that did happen with HoI4, it's a good game a lot of fun, it just misses some tweaks to AI, the do some stupid stuff sometimes... And knowing Paradox they will make a patch that fixes a lot soon. I recommend getting HoI4, just wait for the updates sure to come, the game right now is way too easy, I managed to take all of Germany and make the US communist as France, I then went on to take all of Europe... Changing the party in power is way too easy, it seems the AI has no way of stopping it at all, I was really close to getting the UK communist too but I declared war on a country they guaranteed, so it stopped. Overall HoI4 is a good game."
76561197970309850,Recommended,394360,25125025,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,billy,"I've had a lot of fun with this game , i really love the alternate history that can happen . This is definetly my favourite HOI game and one of my favourite games of the year. I think replayability is good as each nation is a bit different.A lot of the boring fiddly crap of HOI3 has been improved , it can still take awhile to understand evrything , especially the air combat UI which is a bit of a mess but actually very helpful once you understand it. Naval combat as well just isnt as satysfying and transparent as the ground combat.Cons -The AI needs improved as the game is a bit too easySome of the UI still needs improvingMost games are decided too early which makes late game techs redundant.Overall though its a very good game i will go back to playing after some patches. I need a break for awhile as i played it almost non stop for a fortnight :)"
,Recommended,394360,23527978,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Gladeflower,Eine Kleine German Reich --> Liebensraumsnel hest
,Not Recommended,394360,23614124,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Totalviking,"the tutorial is not helpfull at all, i had to 1. spend hours on YT to find out about something or 2. get help by a friend. and it was way to expensive, it was not enough game to meet up with the cost of it"
76561198055659792,Recommended,394360,23724879,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Heinzi,It's the first Hearts of Iron Game I've played and i really like it. Only played the Singleplayer so far.
,Recommended,394360,29629947,Posted: 1 February,all,Tail Two,Once i won the war as Romania. Shared the new world with my one true ally Mexico.In another game i dethroned Hitler in 36 and allowed Adenauer to lead democratic Germany. France and the UK were so overjoyed they invited me to the allies and allowed me to take Europe practically for myself (sorry Poland).12/10 all the way.
76561198065643891,Recommended,394360,29928090,Posted: 14 February,all,Sir Alfred,"This game made me want to bring glory to the Vaterland, and shout random german words at the top of my lungs"
76561198035255648,Not Recommended,394360,32413425,Posted: 14 June,all,Carrot,แพง
76561198263521519,Recommended,394360,29712855,Posted: 5 February,all,Kate,Allied AI:Special Ed Center.Enemy AI:Napoleon Bonaparte on meth.
,Recommended,394360,23429008,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,x3770,I smell DLC.
,Recommended,394360,23436329,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DakotaFisherman,This game is absolutely way much better than it once was.
76561197980994140,Not Recommended,394360,23447196,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Vidya.Dave,"A massive step down from its predecessor in various ways. A solid war simulation became a shallow arcade game with many gameplay systems that feel broken and incomplete.UPDATE 22. December 2016:The AI is still artrocious and despite multiple large updates the Paradox devs show no competence whatsoever at fixing it.As the Paradox froums are basically full of white knights that will defend Paradox no matter what, there is little scope for improvement.It seems that meanwhile Stellaris is getting a much better treatment which makes one suspect if these Swedish 'developers' have decided to drop their orginal grand strategy player base.UPDATE 05. January 2017The devs still haven't return ed from a lengthy holiday whilst the ai of this game is still beyond broken.UPDATE 27. April 20174 months have passed since the last big update to this game and it seems the other games of the current Paradox lineup are seeing far better content and far more love from their respective devs than Hearts of Iron IV. AI fixes have finally been announced without a release date but I still have little hope left for the title at this point."
,Recommended,394360,23441641,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Mr. Bucket™,"For those who like Paradox's games with the clausewitz engine then HOI4 is a definite yes. For those that are familiar with CK2 and EU4 - this game plays similarly to EU4 and less like HOI3.It is simplified compared to its predacessor, but that is not a bad thing, for example, combat in HOI4 has been drastically simplified - where previously one would have to time airborne and land attacks - there are simple settings that allow an attack to occur with air coverage and air support.I do have some gripes about the game so far - there isn't an easy way to transfer units between armies, and the theater options are clunky and uninuitive. Also - it feels as if the units do not always obey or follow the army strategy.Overall - this is by far the best optimized clausewitz game - loading is extremely fast and the combat never really slows to a halt when multiple units are on screen.  9/10"
,Recommended,394360,23451298,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Randy BO Bandy,"-Be America-Build up strengh early because ♥♥♥♥♥ about to go down and I know it-When reforming goverment put facist sympathizer in charge of something by mistakeFast forward 1-2 years-The 2nd Civil War has begun-Now in charge of the Free American Empire which owns northeastern US-Get tons of support from the Nazis and the Italians, Japan Later-Get invited to the Axis, get my war merged with the rest of the axis wars-At war with AlliesFast forward several wars later-The new Facist world order contains the FAE, Italy, and the ""German Riech"" (nazis)"
76561198140401477,Recommended,394360,23428193,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SgtWarrenSkipMuck,"My first HOI game ever, I have no idea what to do, or what is happening, but I played for 8 hours straight. That's a sign boys."
,Recommended,394360,23434427,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,WARLORD,"Hearts of Iron IV can be both thouroughly enjoyable and mindnumbingly frustrating. The tutorial is leagues better than the tutorial for Hearts of Iron III, but in true Paradox fashion, it only covers the tip of the iceberg, omitting some important details that will give you a major headache later on.This is a great game, but it's definitely not for everyone."
,Recommended,394360,23436719,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Keweiler,Paradox interactive have succeeded again 10/10
,Not Recommended,394360,35184734,Posted: 24 September,all,MarioAda,"For new comers, the Tutorial is almost non-existent, it just tells you to read the wiki everytime you click on something.I spent 3 hours watching youtube videos and all my day reading the wiki, and still had hundreds of questions and probably missed 95% of the game...I assume it takes a minimum of a week of gaming just to know wtf is going on in HOI4.I don't recommend this game to people that can't put a lot of time in a video game, not even playing it, just learning..."
,Not Recommended,394360,35252782,Posted: 27 September,all,Rico2,"Paradox are scumbags, Don't contribute to these weeds."
76561198153357875,Recommended,394360,34785489,Posted: 6 September,all,carsonthenooby,"When i typed this i had 18.1 hours in HOI4, so now i present to to you my first game of HOI4 ever.My First 18 Hours of Hearts of Iron 4- By CarsontheNoobySo I decide to go with my home country of Amurica, and I have hopes being the very best like no one ever was.To do this I can't be democratic, so I became Facist. Me and Brazil thought we should unify the Americas so we made a faction called the, UAF, (Unfied American Front) After that me and Facisist Brazil brought a generous bargain to the other coutries of both Americas, ""Join us or die"" Only Peru and Equador accepted our genrous offer.Then we (I) wanted Chile, so I decleared war on Chile, but apprently the Allies like Chile from Chile and since us, being the Gloruious Facists and the damn Democrats meant that they wouldn't get their  Chile from Chile, so they declared war on the glorius, UAF. I took over Canada and showed them the light of day that was the UAF. Since i am a extremmley lazy person, it seemed like to much work to send my troops through ships to Peru, ( Facisit Brazil was in a civil war with democratic Brazil and democratic brazil had the coast)  So i went through and conquered all of Central America and Columbia for not giving me miltary acess Then Venezualla and Spain (Weridly enough) in awe of Our (my) great might joined up with the UAF.*Update on the rest of the world, Germany was winning aginst Russia and Brititan so the allies and commentiern were no more.* Shortly after came to South America the Braziallan civil war was over. after this I conqured Greenland, the Faroe Islands, and British Malyisa, and that was when the Allies died. I turned the Faroe Isles into a fortress to nuke Europe from. (It had maxed out everything)* new update the world was spilt between the UAF (me) on the Americas, Greenland the Faroe Isles and British Malyisa, and the Axis, Rest of the World) That was when Japan attacked. Then the world erupted into World War 3. I tried invadeing mainland Europe but all of my invaisons failed so i Nuked Germany in revenge. I settled for taking out Japan first so began the war for SouthEast Asia. I was not expecting this to be a tough fight but boy was i wrong. By the time the game had ended I had managed to get to southren China. The causalties together numbered 11 million, if the game hadn't ended, who knows how many more could have lost their lives in their defence against the evil-facists of the rest of the world. That was my very first game of HOI4. Overall this is a very great game. Now i am going to play some more and actally get gud."
76561198030571406,Recommended,394360,23443514,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,poorbyda1,Installed the game played for a day. Woke up this morning and it was deleted wtf
76561198080467191,Recommended,394360,25557591,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Xx l Bleach Drinker l xX,hey this is pretty good
,Recommended,394360,25687437,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kushano ( 140 + 0 ),"Lots of good spent hours, lots of fun, multiplayer, modding, great community!"
76561198272054392,Recommended,394360,26253485,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,NeekoTheChamp,fun as hell
,Recommended,394360,23688028,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Sneaky Salamander,Hearts of Iron IV is a great game but can be slow in performance during the late game but is a really intense RTS as you re-write history as any nation as of 1936 and your quest for greatness or for peace. Recommended for sure!
,Recommended,394360,23689518,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mopp,really fun
,Recommended,394360,23690477,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,RobCab,"Hearts of Iron IV is the first Paradox game I've really played through so if you're on the fence about trying something new, this might be interesting for you.First up - it's a complex game. I mean really complex. I watched a lot of let's plays before I started and there was still a long bafflement phase before the systems really started making sense.But, if you can get through the learning phase, this game is phenomenal. The period feel, division icons, and night/day graphics are perfect. The 'historical focus' setting feels fantastically real, and the depth and breadth of simulation is another level beyond any other game I've played. I love the slow tension of peace-time build-up where you're pumping out fighters and destroyers and praying you've anticipated your future needs, the chaos of a new front opening up when you're throwing together newly designed armored divisions hoping they'll match up, the glee of finally getting rocket artillery into the field and watching your mechanised infantry roll over an enemy strong point.The AI isn't exactly impressive and the battles could offer a little more information about what's actually happening, but otherwise, it's pretty much my perfect game.If you're a strategy head and/or a WWII buff, this is for you. Fantastic."
,Recommended,394360,32301940,Posted: 9 June,all,Catpirate,"This game is great, and I highly recommend it. One of the best RTS (Real Time Strategy) games out there. While the DLC's may be bland, there are dozens different workshop mods that completely change the game. 9/10 for me."
76561198205014967,Not Recommended,394360,32398580,Posted: 13 June,all,McMonarch,The game wont even launch.
76561198006646191,Not Recommended,394360,32449228,Posted: 15 June,all,cogutoglu,Great potential but currently it is in a sad state even after the latest update. Buy it in a year or even later maybe when it's finished and the DLC fixes that should be there from day 1 are cheap.
,Recommended,394360,32104825,Posted: 1 June,all,vEGAnMax,AmAZING
76561198089247896,Recommended,394360,32297147,Posted: 9 June,all,John Dane,Very good game
76561198055454626,Recommended,394360,31865407,Posted: 20 May,all,Headless-Clerk,"I don't think I've ever finished a game, but I've enjoyed trying."
,Not Recommended,394360,30138421,Posted: 24 February,all,♛Squidwardis Tentaclatis♛,Not worth $40. Get it on sale.
,Recommended,394360,29535301,Posted: 27 January,all,lembayu,">Be germany,1936>Start training troops,♥♥♥♥ versailles>Invade netherland at '37, take all of its state and puppet indonesia>Gaining lots of rubber>Boost party popularity in france>Invade poland at '38, Allies didnt care>France become vichy france (Fascist)>Allies declared war on vichy france (for some reason),italy and japan join axis and the war>Didnt want to get into trouble before preparing a plan>Preparing to do operation sealion before war with UK>Focusing troops on western front>Stalin becomes greedy with its backstabbing way,declaring war on me>With troops focused on westerdn front,sovyet easily take poland back>Cancel all the battleplan for operation sealion,start sending troops on the east>Turning tide started, managed to pushed sovyet back>Start winning>Won the battle of moscow,stalingrad,and leningrad>Sovyet capitulates>Comintern capitulates>Take all of the western and middle sovyet (while japan take the east),tannu tuva, and afghanistan>Become rich in resources10/10 Would do operation bagration with germany again"
,Recommended,394360,35255448,Posted: 27 September,all,McFallend,Communism and socialism are really disappointing.
,Recommended,394360,23424743,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Simmons,gud game
76561198163915358,Recommended,394360,32917715,Posted: 28 June,all,Sartistic V.,I like
76561198079340574,Recommended,394360,35207953,Posted: 25 September,all,StarStrikerAA,Honestly the best game i have every played i am new to the grand strategy genre but if you like history you will love this game.
76561198146547173,Not Recommended,394360,35251407,Posted: 27 September,all,traps aren't gay,"Wait a couple years, or pirate it. Kaiserreich is the only reason to buy this, the game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ even when it comes to war and combat. Mods are excellent tho."
76561198008915741,Not Recommended,394360,23503574,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Radagy,"Ah, what a disappointment!This game is a real mess.Clumsy interface, bizarre diplomacy, broken AI, zero realism.Paradox, what's going on?"
76561198222416496,Recommended,394360,23795441,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,oscarwhite480,Epic
76561198252223844,Recommended,394360,33255339,Posted: 4 July,all,AB,.
76561198320591522,Recommended,394360,33257391,Posted: 4 July,all,Imperial Australasia,good game
,Not Recommended,394360,33226853,Posted: 4 July,all,Amarock,Early Access
76561198377662244,Recommended,394360,33268946,Posted: 5 July,all,eestidefender,Real nice. Would reccommend to any strategist.
76561198020908655,Recommended,394360,23427484,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Skirdein,Played as a German Reich.Wanted to be a nice friendly neighbor.Accidentally invaded Poland.10/10
76561198157958870,Not Recommended,394360,23425358,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Very Obese,"This game is the worst. I hate myself and regret the moment when I bought it. Not hystorical at all. Easy. So easy. You can choose Iraq, become fascit and ivade USA, after have nuked Russia few times. Another scam from Paradox whose doesn't know the meaning of realism.I HATE YOU PARADOX"
,Recommended,394360,30610222,Posted: 19 March,all,Clem,"Spoiler Alert: South Africa takes control of the entire southern hemisphereHowever, while the game is all fine and dandy, there are major issues I feel need to be addressed.1. Tutorial hardly teaches you anything. It teaches you basic country management and infantry combat, but naval combat and aerial combat are still in the dark for new players.2. Later game lag issue. Since there's so much crap going on at the same time (WW2 and all) the game tends to lag around the start of 1942."
76561198048749945,Recommended,394360,23429056,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dumpybutt wheelchair thots,facist mexico failed me. facist canada failed me. facist south africa failed me. now I MUST UNITE THE GERMANIC PEOPLE UNDER ONE FLAG
,Recommended,394360,30232595,Posted: 27 February,all,A Loyal Knight,"- Play Democratic> World Tension Goes above 50%> Declare War On Facsist/Communist Country> ""Did someone order Democracy With a Side of Freedom?""- Play Facsist> Make Allies With Hitler Because You're Scared of Him.- Play Communist> *Screams Soviet Union Anthem At the Top of Your Lungs, Even Though You're Not Playing The Soviet Union*- Play Non-Aligned> I dun wunt aaaaany part-o dat bullsheeeeet. Mkay? This is my area, and I'm sticking to it, because I'm happy with what I have."
,Not Recommended,394360,32510861,Posted: 17 June,all,ratman,"paradox has become a greedy money-grubbing ♥♥♥♥♥ ever since they became public and everything has been price hiked + dlcs are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't play this game, don't get sucked into the paradox interactive money hole"
,Recommended,394360,28080855,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,2B,Great game. 10/10
,Not Recommended,394360,29218275,Posted: 12 January,all,Mokou: Good Morning! ~Miao~,"Hearts of Iron IV has a lot of good ideas that should work in a Hearts of Iron game, but don't work in the modern iteration of paradox grand strategy games.Splitting Industrial capacity from HOI3 into two seperate factory types is a good idea and works for larger nations. Smaller nations can barely produce the most basic of equipment with the pitiful industrial base they have. It adds some ""gameplay"" I suppose. I can click on a slot next to Rifle model BIV and suddenly produce more! But now I have a shortage of iron, better cut back on that tank production! F U NEquipment is a great idea and should add some sense of depth to the game. The reality is that it creates tedium in having to manage your factories and allows for min-maxing absent in the rest of the game. On top of that, once again smaller nations can barely produce their needs. It's a real cool addition for the first five minutes, then you stop caring about what class of tank or what variation of a rifle you are producing, and default to producing the best model or the model you can build the most of.The resource system is baffling. I can produce 9 iron a day for consumption. However, if I use only 8, the other 1 disappears into the vacuum of space. It can't be stored. It doesn't make sense that equipment can be stored by the resources to build said equipment cant be. Ever heard of oil barrels paradox? You must have left them in HOI3. Maybe it'll be added in some DLC.The division designer makes no sense. HOI3 worked just fine and allowed you to work with a lot of unique divisions even with a small template. Why is it necessary to have experience in order to adjust the composition of a division? I suppose we needed more mana bars like EU4. It's just another hurdle of ""gameplay"" to jump through.The real meat of a world war 2 strategy game should be the warfare. The problem with that is the simple ease at which the game can be played and beaten. I was unaware that Hitler just needed to draw a line across Russia to conquer it. And I am aware that you can control units idividually. It's pointless. It was better in HOI3. This might not matter if the AI was competent. I have a feeling that the inadequacy is caused by the frontline system as opposed to a theatre system in HOI3. If a paratrooper landed in some province in a theatre that was AI controlled, units would move to retake the province. This only happens in HOI4 if that enemy troop lands in a region that is being activly garrisoned. The AI just isn't fluid. It doesn't react.I guess this is what we have to settle for now. Youtube bait. Making continuous DLC packs just to get your marketers to entince their audience to one more lets play! Congratulations on reaching a larger audience Paradox. You only sold what made your games great to do so."
76561198257142614,Recommended,394360,35440743,Posted: 3 October,all,TheFonz,"Bought on sale, ready to claim a refund, missed the time, sod it - frustratingly addictive!"
,Not Recommended,394360,33620557,Posted: 17 July,all,Pseudothei,"Extremely broken at the moment (two DLCs in), with no working AI, stupid game mechanics, non-working air- or naval war."
76561198070316588,Not Recommended,394360,33883916,Posted: 29 July,all,Mulien,"I wish I could recommend this game, it should be good but it's just a broken mess instead.The AI is extremely bad as others have mentioned here. So once you've played once or twice you'll never be challenged again.The game is marred by extremely frequent crashes. Sometimes it takes me 30+ minutes to launch the game because this is so bad. (I have a good computer and this game shouldn't even be technically demanding because you're staring at a static map for the most part)Also peace conferences are completely broken. You'll need to install mods just to be able to get what's due to you when a war is finished without the AI turning the map into scrambled eggs by puppeting random countries and grabbing random provinces.Also paradox has a terrible DLC policy which no one should support, especially when the base game is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,394360,32526068,Posted: 17 June,all,John,"I've had plenty of fun with Hearts of Iron IV, and I would recommend it had Paradox not increased their prices and decided to sell empty, barebones DLC expansions with the audacity of selling them at $10-20.Do not buy this game. Wait until Paradox listens to their player base and initiates much-needed changes in their policy."
,Not Recommended,394360,32606191,Posted: 20 June,all,Tha Pink Guy,"I can only describe the game as a game of attrition, not only for the enemy, your nation and your allies but also for yourself. There is simply not enough to do when you are not at war or when you need to wait to resupply.This game released, like Stellaris, incomplete and a basic framework on where to go. This is not a complete game but a game with a DLC model in mind. I am not against it but it's harrowing to know this game wont be complete for over a year and if it's going at this rate it's gonig to be several years because clearly they lack either innovation, technical skill or the manpower to pull off this concept.Over a year and £70 in and I still don't feel like this game is good enough to recommend. Can't say i haven't tried either with over 400 hours. No doubt I will end up with several hundred more."
76561198035420827,Recommended,394360,23659287,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Unreliable_Babysitter,My game went to hell as soon as the United States pulled out of Iraq.Obama/10
,Recommended,394360,25408718,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MagnusXL,>Pick Iran.>Start a communist coup in your own country.>Win the Civil War against yourself with the help of Mother Russia.>Declare war on Iraq because you want even more oil.>Iraq gets scared and joins the Allies.10/10 would accidentally start WWII again.
76561198069541912,Recommended,394360,25230286,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Anton The Outlaw,"Step 1: Be Norway or SwedenStep 2: Put Political Effort as the National FocusStep 3: Use the political power earned to place a facist demagogue as a political advisorStep 4: Avoid civil war and become a facist nationStep 5: Boost the facist party in Norway/SwedenStep 6: Stage a facist coup and aid the facist sideStep 7: Create a faction, name it Nordic Union and invite Norgesveldet/Svea RikeStep 8: ANNEX THE LIVING CRAP OUT OF FINLAND(make sure they don't join Allies by boosting their fascism)Step 9: NORDIC UNION STRONG!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,394360,23425765,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Belgian Problem,"I played as communist france, a bit like in the dev livestream.Only I managed to go ahead and invade the Soviet Union.As communist France.Buy this game."
76561198037335162,Not Recommended,394360,32669146,Posted: 23 June,all,tmontz,They should give away this version of HOI.
,Recommended,394360,35482745,Posted: 4 October,all,DeathClaw Hunter2.0,I think The Game Has a Great community and mod community and a great modded and normal game.
76561198136780963,Recommended,394360,30067346,Posted: 20 February,all,Larnt1,9/10 would be annexed again
,Recommended,394360,28585750,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,B0RA,"Awesome GameThis game is so awesome,you can understand how awesome is this game from how much hours I have played it.I think Hearts of Iron 4 is the best strategy game which is on 20th Century(You can play on other centuries if you download mods)I couldn't understand the Hearts Of Iron 3 well but I understood Hearts Of Iron 4 easier.But it cost me 10s of hours to understand some features because I'm too lazy to watch Walktrough videos :D.On Hearts Of Iron 4 you choose from Major Nations or Minor Nations and start to play as it.You make strategies,You can choose what your country's ideology will be and you can boost the popularity of political parties on other countries.You can choose some laws(Its more detailed with some mods).This game is so enjoyable.Every time I play this game against Allies or Axis.I invade them all except the island ones.You must have a good navy or good air forces if you want to invade these island countries.And Every time I play this game I invade 1 or 2 countries then UK or France guarantees the independence of the other country I justify war goal(Usually when I'm a Minor Nation or Axis,I can Invade 3 Baltic States and 1 or 2 states as USSR without Allies guaranteeing)This makes me angry but it must be because of its realistic)This game is really awesome.You should buy it without thinking if you like strategy games."
,Recommended,394360,35128632,Posted: 22 September,all,Fatloser21,very fun yes
76561198007023541,Recommended,394360,23631024,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,mr944,Great Paradox game!
,Recommended,394360,23625220,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Zebra Cakes,"Amazing Grand Strategy game. Accessible but complex, Controllable but in depth, Diverse but easily focused on. The UI and controls are a massive step up from the previous title(Me and a group of friends were able to hit the ground running with no tutorial and within the first 30-40 minutes we had roughly figured everything out. A far cry from HoI3 indeed!). There are the occasional bits of information that are a little vague in some cases, but the new map overlays and streamlined synergy of unit interaction is a god send. Probably one of the only few cases of success in 'streamlining' you'll see in the gaming industry; This is an excellent introduction to the genre, and a superb product for veterans alike.If you can get a consistant group of friends together for multiplayer, it's one of the funnest gaming experiences on PC, IMO. The combat, politics, and industry aspects of the game are balanced out to feel just right without being tedious or over-thought, without being too simple and hands off. Even at slower stages of a match it feels like you always have something to do, and multiplayer is a total breeze to get into, even with strangers."
,Recommended,394360,23625308,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ricky berwick,"Great game with a soft learning curve and fun and repeatable gameplay... even better with mods. Things that bother me personally quite a bit is that I PERSONALLY feel, that anything that isnt a fascist route is somewhat boring. Obviously I might be the only one that probabaly believes that, but albeit it is really fun as a game nonetheless. the multicore rendering really ♥♥♥♥s up your fps after 1943 for me, and it kind of takes away from the game but i still try to get by it considering that FPS isnt make or break in this game. amazing game to pick up and keep playing though. I love how the mods are in this game, allows you to constantly play more and more, and has the depth that can get you a lot of hours clocked in"
,Recommended,394360,35355783,Posted: 30 September,all,dexlol,Rubbed my Rome boner.10/10
,Recommended,394360,33545699,Posted: 14 July,all,Reichsmeme,"Made America great again, annexed leaf land, and helped Germany remove communist. 10/10"
76561198055983652,Not Recommended,394360,31547504,Posted: 4 May,all,soukal.libor,Britain conquer nazi Germany and install democratic regime. After that democratic USA declared war on democratic Germany and fighting against Allies. Why? It is a joke?
,Recommended,394360,31608169,Posted: 7 May,all,Nazi Doge,It's always fun to conquer the world as the mighty Fascist Bhutan.
,Not Recommended,394360,23450917,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Kronk the Leverpuller,"I am bad at the game, so the game is bad."
,Recommended,394360,23424320,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Emiya Muljomdao,You can play as Hitler wow.11/10
76561198031117144,Not Recommended,394360,23476769,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jreedo,"I dislike terms like ""dumbed down"" since it implies that those who enjoy a more streamlined and abstracted game are somehow less intelligent.  Having said that, HoI4 has taken huge steps toward being too abstracted and streamlined.  Like, HoI5 will surely be three buttons, and an ""army generator.""Rather than getting an even more complex and fine-grained grand strategy game than HoI3, we're treated to a less complex and more broad-grain game that is almost to the point of being simply another RTS zerg generator.I suppose I'll go back to playing HoI3, since it is a more enjoyable game for me.  I suspect many will like this new version.  To each their own, I suppose, but it is a little saddening that Paradox, who became popular because they were one of the last islands of complex game developers, seems to be on the march toward multiplayer console projects."
,Recommended,394360,24455561,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Prophet of Shitlordery,"6.3 hours.  PFFT.  Offline mode for the win!  Anyway...>Be me>Want to change History>Play as Hitler>Play ""Angel of Death"" by Slayer>Assign all factories to weapons and support>Europe is going to get shrekt>Secretly, Hitler doesn't know how planes work>Declares war on France>The UK joins in>Russia joins in>Italy joins in>Germany gets its♥♥♥♥♥bombed>America is chillin' on the verge of total economic collapse>France and the UK are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fury all over Germany>Still rallying the German people; now with promises of Cake>More soldiers being sent in, undertrained, to try and defend the borders against France>Fail miserably>Germany gets pummeled>Angel of Death giving me inspiration>Realize I have planes and submarines available>THE WAR IS NOT YET LOST>Submarines get shrekt>Still don't understand planes>War is lost>Surrender to the UK, France and Russia>Germany is in shambles>Everyone is injured>Millions are dying>I stop my music and walk outside>It's night time>I look to the stars, which are formed in the shape of Hitler's head>It winks>It's not over>I go back to my computer and my absolutely wrecked Germany>Do everything I can to improve life in the Third Reich>Things are looking good>Things are looking up>Everything is al-Reich.>Declares war of retribution on the UK>Get pummeled>Nation in ruins>Blame the Jews>Realize my best friends are Jewish>Moral crisis>Realize I know what must be done>I start a new game, this time as the UK>It's time>I declare war on Germany>Tears roll down my face as I obliterate my former countrymen>Proceed to give up more hours of my life to Hearts of Iron IV>20 years pass>Enabling Act of 2036 passes>Has complete power over Europe>Finally, the power I deserve>Play HOI until I get assassinated10/10 - Deutschland über alles. Das Reich ist aufgewacht."
,Recommended,394360,23678103,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Stimor,It's no HOI3 10/10
76561198034667603,Recommended,394360,23432323,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Element3026,Played as the United States♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GermanyMe and Stalin become broskisStalin shows me communismUnited states becomes communist10/10 would become communist for my broski Stalin2016 Bernie simulater.
,Not Recommended,394360,23453414,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[2.FJg]13 Foxtrot-Sldt,"I want to like the game, but it really doesn't do anything for me. This game is more EU than HOI. It doesn't feel like a WW2 game. It lacks character and immersion.The game will change over time, as most Paradox games do, but I think the basis for this game is not what made the HOI franchise great for me. The game is much less military battle and much more bland strategy. I say bland strategy because it lacks complication. I would describe it as a Grand Strategy Arcade Game. It wants to be grand strategy, but it is very simplistic. The one caveat is that Paradox adds to its game so I am confident that it will get morte intelligent over time.A problem with this game is lack of information. There is no ability to be notified if a unit has been constructed and where is was deployed. You don't know if supply construction has been fullfilled. You have to manually check constantly.....that is a pain during war. You can wind up building too much of something and wasting valuable construction time.If this game were Legos it would be the kind safe for 3 and under instead of the tiny ones you can choke on....It's just bland and boring, for now."
76561198236988604,Not Recommended,394360,23454955,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,albertopalencia2002,"Well I´ve been playing paradox games for years and of course all the previous Hearts of Iron Games. I´ll be sincere: don´t buy this game. All the positive features you could find in HOI are gone, yes, GONE.The game has became an stupid electronic version of the Risk table game. I heard people speaking of multple layers of complexity...well, I completely disagree. There is only one new positive thing in this game, the national trees. But im afraid after a few games this feature will not be appeling anymore.What happend with the aries hierarchy? Gone. Now it´s like crusader kings or Europa Universalis.Division personalitation? GONE. Yes you have the possibility to chose among a group of brigades. But in HOI3 there were much more possibilities.Airforce. OMG, what happend??? You have no more control over them anymore. Just give some childish commands and expect they have any influence in the battles...I played for 9 hours and tried to refund the game. No way. Actually is my blame, after 5 minutes playing i realised that they have destroyed the franchise. Good bye Paradox. I´ll never again give an euro  for one of your games. I´ll return to HOI3 black ice.I have the impresion the good critics i read are from people who hadn´t played HOI3 and the bad ones are written by people with experience in HOI3. IT must mean something. What a waste of 40 euros..."
76561198021076645,Recommended,394360,23509548,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,recurf,"Complex but not Complicated!Really Addictive game, you become ingrossed. Hours turn to minutes...you start playing and realise 8 hours have passed.The UI may seem a bit bewieldering at first, however if you play the tutorial and watch some youtube videos, youll find its rather intuative. Much easier than older paradox games (i barely understand hoi 2).I think the game currently is a good base, im sure a lot will be added to the games (DLC/mods) that will really improve the experience.I find the national goals a bit sparse, by about 1944 you will have every single one. I think it  should be less linear, as in you take a path that means you cannot progress down the other tree (this is partial true but not enough).I have a pretty powerfull pc, however at the later stages of the game when there are units swarming around everywhere it does chug a little bit (on higher speeds) however early on it runs great.I suspect playing on a laptop might be a bit hard.I mostly enjoy creating alternate history in the game. If you play as history was, its pretty accurate. Germany has a lot of triggered events that lead to ww2.After ww2 is posible to create a ww3 (communist poland had a cival war after ww2 i joined the communist side as the Soviet Union leading to ww3)"
76561197982079290,Not Recommended,394360,23510991,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,chapman407,"going the way of civilisation, pretty graphics but less control and greatly reduced gameplay. So back to Hearts of Iron 3 I go."
76561197980323006,Recommended,394360,23517880,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,[23HG] Zaether,"I simply love this game!And as a HOI series fan (games 1-4) i must say all in all that i like this game the most.I do miss the old reserch system a bit, but this game brings so mutch more.and once you start playing you tend to stop thinking about the old games, cause this is AWESOMEi would recommend this game to all grand strategy game fans"
,Recommended,394360,23423237,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ev0man,"This game is soooo addicting! Goodbye life, welcome communist USA!"
76561198024149552,Not Recommended,394360,23511719,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Der kuhle Kurt,"Paradox-Fanboy here! I played EU III, EU IV, Viky II, CK II and most of all HOI 3 for houndrets of hours and i give every Paradox-Game the benefit of the doubt. But i can not recommend this one is is current state. Its just not fun to play at the moment and here is why:The general idea from Paradox was to change the game in a way that focuses more on the big aspects of the war instead of the micro-management of the armies. They managed to make the production of armies more interesting. But thats pretty much the only strong point of the game.You cant really control your armies manuelly any more. I mean technicly you can and you might do so in small scale wars but there is nothing that helps you do so in big wars. No way you can control 100 divisions in a useful way manually. So you have to use the AI for your wars. And the AI is extremly bad. You will get annoyed all the time. And because the wars are the main part of the game there isnt much left to have fun with.So here are some details:- The battle planer to plan your wars so the AI can execute them is very very weak. In general you can draw a line where your armies should march to and thats it. You cant really go into detail for encirclements or anything like this. You cant draw different paths in different colours and so on... its just dumb. Start here and fight your way to there.- Try drawing a battle plan that includes multiple target nations when your not yet at war with them, good luck. Doesnt work. (For Example Germany through Belgium into France when your not yet at war with Belgium)- If your armies happen to encircle some provinces on their way they will keep a division in every province around the encirclement and thats it. The wont attack into it - even if there arent any enemy units. Why? The battle plan doesnt say anything about the encircled provinces.- You cant tell your armies how to behave. No options here. No attack at all costs or attack only in a strong advantage or things like this. Just the default setting. I wanted the AI to be much more aggressive. It didnt attack in a lot of situations and often i could not find any reason at all. If i started an attack manually i won easily.- The airgame.... why isnt it possible to assign airwings to an army? Dont get it... unnecessery mirco, exactly what the tried to avoid.- I didnt found a way to force units to take the searoute if there was a possible way by land other than a naval invasion of my own land. Spain to egypt? Walk all the way around. Naval invasions - even ""against"" own lands need time to prepare, intel over every seazone and so on... Just normal transport from navalbase to navalbase is possible, the AI does it and if there is no land route (islands for example) it works without problem to start it manually. Oh yes this is even true if the only land route is through enemy territory. So good luck getting an army that is encircled but has a port (the possible solution) into safety. Nope, the try to walk and fail breaking the encirclement.- Trade.... why is there no trade automation and/or ressource stockpile any more? You always need to buy excatly the amount of ressources you need to produce your stuff. But this amount is constantly changing. A new factory gets finished, a factory gets damaged/repaired, you switch your production, you conquer/lose a province with factory´s in it and so on. Your forced to adjust those trade sliders all the time and there is just no fun in it, no real decession to make, just useless micro - again: Thats what they tried to avoid.- They got rid of the old OOB (Order of Battle) System. A lot of people didnt like it but it gave a very good overview over every unit you got. There is no real alternative here, the overview is just gone.- Garrisons. There are no revolts but resistance will destroy your buildings. Managing garrisons is annoying as hell. For example: Your Germany and you want to garrison France and the lowlands. First thing: You need to add every state to the garrison area instead of just drawing over the map like in HOI3. Thats a step back but really not a big deal. The real problem is that the AI doesnt use the forces you gave it very well. It will station a lot more than it has to in some provinces and none at all in others. So to fight the resistance you will end up stationing the garrisons in every state yourself or overproducing by a lot to force the AI to have units everywhere because it has so many.- Put 1001 planes in an airbase that can only fit 1000. Result: All of them will do nothing. No warning, nothing.- Jet Planes dont even have a model yet....- The AI might decide to put its divisions in convois and use a sea route without asking you. If they got sunk by an enemy fleet you just get the information that the enemy sunk some of your convois. No notice about the divisions.- Once troops are in convois you cant turn them around or re-route them. They will drive to their destination no matter what (or get sunk)I could go on but im tired of this to be honost. Dont buy this game at the moment. Wait until all of this is fixed (Im sure most of it will be) and safe yourself a lot of pain."
76561198041862086,Recommended,394360,23502453,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Heinkel280,This game does a fantastic job at allowing you to do whatever you really want in any nation on the planet.
76561198268991838,Recommended,394360,23477460,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Naomi,"Just played a whole campaign as America, ended up in a war with Russia... and made it New Murica.10/10 would defeat comunism again.Okay so why get this game?First of all it has more depth than is readily visable on the surface. The new battle planning system is fantastic and allows for great, and timed tactics that can really turn the tide of war if you use them properly.Production is in depth and nice, industry can be the key to victory.The navy system is pretty nice too, you can set up different missions for them to handle, and either take more direct actions with them, or let them to their own devices.The new peace treaty system once the war is over is really awesome.You also can keep playing if you want, indefinately and keep wars going, or start new ones. Just at 1948 you get a prompt saying essentially the game is over, but you can keep playing beyond that if you like. There's just no more new technology or things to focus on at that point.You can play as any nation you want, no DLC nations to unlock. You want to go start WWII as mexico, knock yourself out right out of the box. Wanna watch the world burn as the swiss? Go for it!Wanna play as Siam, knock yourself out. That's one of the great things about the game.I also feel that this one allowed for more random historical events to happen, or NOT happen. Which makes the game far more interesting than HOI3 was. For example, Amelia Earhart ended up completing her world trip in my game, and became an Ace fighter pilot when the world war broke out. How awesome is that?Basically, this is the best HOI I have played, and some people will say otherwise but this one has great depth, ease of use, tactics that werent in previous games, and many great features."
,Recommended,394360,23479747,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,THE BRITISH ARE COMING,Sent panzer volunteers to Japanese front. Spearhead attack deep into the heart of the enemies land. Forgot to make sure Allies followed to keep territory. Got surrounded and screwed by commies. 10/10 would fail at strategy again
76561197996607129,Not Recommended,394360,23703468,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dik xTurkiet,">play as Sweden>Make fascist Sweden>Join Deutchlands wars against allies>Build up a mighty army from scratch>Tanks, Airplanes, Ships and Infantry>Make brother Finland Fascist>Make brother Finland ally>Brother Finland and Sweden now Fascist, take Norway and Denmark>Finland gets attacked by those pesky Soviets>Finland ask for help>Ofcourse I help>Sending 44 divisions (Almost entire army to Finlands border)>Fight ruskies alongside Finland>Finland make white peace against Russia>Yay>Wait, Sweden is still in war against Soviet...?&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥>Brother Finland left me alone against Soviet>Since Finland is at peace, my army has to retreat from their border>Ask Finland for military access so I can retreat my army back to Sweden>Finland denies Military access>My 44 divisions are quickly encircled by 10 russian divisions in 1 province in norway.>Entire army is annhilated by a tiny group of Russians only because Finland did not give me military access even though we are allied. -.->Realise I have absolutely wasted they past 2 hours because I was playing in Ironman mode.♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Recommended,394360,23422857,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Coalition,Each Yes helps a comrade of mine avoid Stalingrad.... Plz Help
76561197960991376,Not Recommended,394360,23444218,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Normann,"I will keep this short. I wish I could recommend it and also not recommend it.If you are a hardcore HOI player, you will probably not like this game. A lot is missing. Order of battle, stacking, cool down between attacks, spy system (not that it was a good one), political drift, etc... It was certainly dumbed down a great deal. I mean it got gutted.This was a business decision for sure, and probably a good one. Many people could never get into the series because of the high learning curve. It is sad that the hardcore fans who kept the series alive for so long, got left behind. So I feel anyways.BUT!If you are new to the game, or do not like a super detailed grand strategy game, or perhaps you have tried to get into HOI2-3 but felt lost, this may be your HOI to try. I recommend you try it. It is a good game, just not nearly as detailed or interesting, or good? (going out on a limb here since I have only 6 hours playtime...), as HOI3 was."
76561198001409352,Not Recommended,394360,23851765,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Procopius,"The game has lots of cool new features -- I like the new tech tree, the national directions, and how production works. Unfortunately, it couples this with a lot of HoI3-like features; I'm more of a HoI2 guy, and combat and organizing an army in this game feels like having a stroke. I was aphasic for an hour after playing the game, and that's no way to be."
,Recommended,394360,24164085,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nr.9 Ghostpig,"hearts of iron 4 is good at first but really repititive and you cant make germany great again i give it 7/10 - gpofcial reviewshowever what this game does get right is making you feel in the era and you actually feel like hitler when playing as germany, these things i can get used to but its over all spice isnt as good as in eu4, again its a 7.6/10 for me giving it respect because i love paradox if it was another game id give it a 6 honestly. Good day, for tea and crumpets."
76561197996694192,Not Recommended,394360,32462555,Posted: 15 June,all,Eldenac,"Terrible AI. Your troops do a beautiul march in circles accomplishing nothing but being surrounded and encircled by the enemy. When the enemy troops defend they reinforce daily preventing you from taking down thier organization or manpower, Guess what your troops will never do? Reinforce. They retreat or die.  The game is horribly broken."
,Not Recommended,394360,32480602,Posted: 16 June,all,crad,"DLC policy means not reccomended. Otherwise, even with the AI being bad it is a good game. I just refuse to buy any DLC."
,Recommended,394360,23480009,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Alfaceazul,"My friend picked China and me Japan, we created a faction. Since we were newbie we decided to learn how to play by atacking small contries around.Suddenly sovients and comunist countries declared war, we fought bravely and when we were turning around american and allies decided to declare war. We tried to hold our ground sending all our resources to defend ourselves and then german and axis declared war against our little 2 country faction.Finnaly my friend decided to quit and I made a desesperate kamikaze attack on moscow direction. Failed miserably after reaching Ural Mountains.Pro- Simple than HOI3 easier to control. No need to AI for controling some parts like diplomacy.-Game AI isnt that bad as I though.-I liked the day and night cycle-Animations are niceCons-I liked the spies in HOI3-Trade system is too simplified. (no money involved, no storage  and export is automatic)-Still don`t know how to use battle plan, it`s not intuitive.- Airplanes system too simplified doesn`t allow manual strike to help in important battles."
,Not Recommended,394360,26135614,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Blue Zebra,"Multiplayer is full of idiots, racists, americans and all kinds of people I hate. They also suck at this game... Single-player experience is flat btw and game gets boring super quickly."
76561198042659232,Not Recommended,394360,24174332,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ar94952,Crashes way too much.  WTF
,Not Recommended,394360,23435504,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ENDr@in,"A year has passed. Nothing changed. The game still feels like a very decent Early Access, nothing like a hardcore WWII wargame. Two expansions were released, both bring shame on the word “expansion” when compared to EUIV/CKII exps.In short, Paradox went casual. What a shame."
76561198008711210,Recommended,394360,25337148,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Harambe was an inside job,"I should not be allowed to play this game.About a dozen seperate new games I started, spend countless hours each time building up a military (as nazi germany of course!)Invaded Poland in 1939. Lost to Poland. Every. Single. Time.Decided wellp, screw this im gonna cheat my way to victory!Looked up cheats, coded the s!$^ in and had all research, production, blah blah blah in 1936.Spent hours building up Maus tanks and lvl 3 everything. Invaded Poland in 1939. Lost to Poland. Shot self in bunker. Many. Many. Times.Wrote this review.10/10 would shoot self in bunker again"
,Recommended,394360,23435308,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TROLLMES,Scheiße!!!
76561198074145467,Recommended,394360,23423841,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bashar Hafiz Al-Assad,uhm.... what are you doing!? go buy this game! forget your whole life and play this game because this wil be your whole lifescroll up and buy this amazing game
76561198105510078,Recommended,394360,32479554,Posted: 16 June,all,ThorinOakenMeow,"- Bought game for half off- Started campaign as Russia- Instantly killed and took over Estonia- Told Hitler to stay away or he would be killed- Invaded Latvia- UK, France, Australia, Canada, Etc. help Latvia- We lose a 100,000 men only to kill 30,000 enemies- Stalin then died to death- A new guy took over- Civil war- Lost everything"
76561198054727170,Recommended,394360,23464269,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,markymark,"Its' a bit too similar to previous versions. Not enough of a step forward. Also, why no manual? I am trawling around to learn how to do things, which is very dull. Despite this, it is a marginally better version of the game, so I just about give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,394360,28421014,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MrDiddlez4Prez,>be me>use great war mod>play as japan>annexs korea>grows industry and army>prepares for war with china>relizes can't>go back to prepare for world war 1>German starts world war 1 by attacking belgium>joins the little entente>takes german port in china>island hop campain that last 2 years>decalres war on china>china ♥♥♥♥s me and joins central powers>becomes strongest contributor>wins and takes over china making me a industrial superpower>♥♥♥♥rebels.jpg>send units to take out african colonies>send all of land army to austria and egypt>destroyes weakass ottomans>Joins the europe war to stop the war so I can get what I deserve>fights tooth and nail to get to austria destruction>in 6 months 5 million men die doubling my dead>in that year germany loses 3 mill alone>be on the verge of autria destruction>germany white peaces deleteing all progress>nerdrage.mp4>realizes in all the wars everyone white peaces>Mod is broken10/10 would waste 10 hours and write this review at 3 am again
76561198003216298,Recommended,394360,23470238,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,LeChuck,"New to Hearts of Iron entirely, but decided to give it a go. The tutorial was super helpful.As a preface; my first game I picked the Netherlands as my country. Because it's my country.Starting out was fun, building an army! Trading stuff! Ignoring Belgium! Research! It was an amazing few moments of joy. I was not scared at all when the Germans started stationing troops along my border. I should've been.LOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,394360,23439759,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,P-24,"[NORWAY[1st PT very short]]-Make Norway an industrial powerhouse-Elect random people that somehow make everything go by better-Time passes-Become facist-Attempt coups on Sweden and Finland-Reck Sweden and wait for Finland to fall[ESTONIA [Basically a full pt]]-Play as Facist Estonia [Terra Mariana]-Somehow make your nation strong enough to hold 30 divisions [4x3, after conquering latvia]-Sign anti comintern pact-Mobilization on the eastern front [Ruskies started it then I answered it]-Join axis [Cause why not]-1941 [After literally all of europe [Except Portugal] is in/conquered by the Axis] USSR demands Estonia to join the union.-We deny this ultimatium-Ruskies attack us and fail[Breaking molotov rippentrop pact], we attack in a massive counterattack and literally come to a halt 8 provinces away from moscow.-1 year later [In game time] I give up and call it a draw[PORTUGAL [WIP]]11/10 IGN [More to come]And since only 3 out of 7 people found this helpful this is a great game and I really cant tell you all of the things I like about it without leaving some out so Ill just make pts in this review"
,Not Recommended,394360,23717910,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,PFC Anarkey,"This game is VERY broken with the AI. The peace conferences first of all. Are broken. My friends and I managed to finish the world war doing most the work and puppeted Italy and Japan, you'd think that would give you all the land to the puppet right? WRONG, the AI can land grab."
76561198072024740,Not Recommended,394360,23924192,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bennermerutt,"What an utter dissappointment!If you loved HOI3 (like I did), do not purchase this game.I cried myself to sleep last night after trying it out.Months of waiting excitedly......for an arcade style ""not so grand WW2 strategy"" game!I am going to cry some more and then play angry birds.What a waste....."
76561198007012305,Not Recommended,394360,23490686,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Putin`s Boyfriend,"In about 6-12 Months this will be a nice and finished game, I suppose.Right now the AI is still Banzai charging all the time, so you can not give control over theathers."
76561197969468828,Not Recommended,394360,23700412,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Flaske,"Do you like EU4? This is ""from the makers of EU4"", so you'll probably like it, right?Probably not, actually.This isn't a grand strategy game; this is a war game.There will probably ever only be ONE war (duh), so get ready to win it.This means micro managing a billion troops, customizing their equiptment, picking their attack formation, and selecting the type of shoe polish they use.Some people love that, and for those people this game might be fun.For me, it's not. Can't recommend it"
76561198011379237,Not Recommended,394360,23452504,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,azura25,"Having played all versiosn of HOI1-3 I have been waiting a long time for the next in the series.The improvements in graphics since HOI3 are well on display as are the interface mechanics, however, as a strategy gamer this is a major criticism, the game has been dumbed down and simplified to the extent that it could be released on console for the average console gamer.The research tree - limited and basicArmy composition and structure - limited and 'scoop and plonk'Battle Plans - clumsy and without strategic stanceTrade - unrefined and feels unfinished (civilian factories for oil - come on!)Tutorial - very basic, obviously designed for the target audience - which is not the HOI 3 gamer.Graphics - excellentAttention to detail on Units and national politics - detailedI get the feeling that the direction of design was 1. Crossover functionality and 2. Simpify and widen audience.The result for me has been a game better suited to an mix RTS/FPS, its one stage to descending into each batle and becoming War Thunder or Heroes & Generals.Complexity and depth maketh the WW2 strategy genre and this doesn't maketh much!"
76561198091967109,Recommended,394360,25330440,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Creepy Tp,dank game
76561198119698797,Recommended,394360,25560244,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,superdarthkevin,"Just sayin, this is my favourite game of all time, and mind you, i have 111 hours in hoi3. but heres the summary of my game (s)started as facist america ( with a mod)kills canada and mexicocreates faction with peruinvades scandivanajapan declares war on megermany declares war on mefudgestarts a new campaginchooses USAaims for a democratic playthroughjoins the allies as soon as i canholds off germany in benlux for monthsgets good claims in the pacificmoves all my troops in the european theaterkills italyeventually UK invades denmarksouthren front is controlled by meUSSR betrayed germanygoes through denmarkgets all of germanyinvades japankills themgets all of germany and puppets japanprevents cold war from happening10/10 would make history distorted againyes the AI does need work, but with the most recnent update the AI has imporved ( for me)and it took me a year to get into hoi3took me 30 mins to get in to hoi4and also everyone who writes a negative reveiw, there just complaing about it being easier than hoi3that is not a very good reason, but to summarize this review :best game ever, has 2 cons, a million pros"
,Recommended,394360,26011209,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ヤリック Miyoff,This game allows me to make communist JapanHirohito ♥♥♥♥ed up10 K.Marxes out of 10
76561198023994664,Not Recommended,394360,26183574,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,O Peletas,"Watered down version of Hearts of Iron...the whole game feels like a Mobile Phone version of the real thing. Dumbed down for the masses. It follows the unspoken maxim of our era... all about marketing, making the quick buck! make it pretty and SIMPLE! very little effort in developing while maxing out profit! very sad!"
,Not Recommended,394360,23493674,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Alex Jones,"An overhyped crapstorm of a game that neither caters to veterans or new players. Compared to HOI3, the mechanics are ""dumbed down"" yet set extremely difficult to understand. This, coupled with the lack of feedback on what is causing what is going on, makes the game extremely hard to learn. 11 hours in and I still don't have a clue how to a lot of basic things like properly set up battle plans or trade. Another huge flaw is the mess that is the AI. The AI can't fight for crap and is unable to perform basic tasks or decide what to do correctly. Playing as communist poland I've had the Soviet Union completely pull out of Germany/Poland in the middle of the war to protect their border from the unaligned Afghanistan, resulting in the Communists being destroyed. Speaking of Communist Poland, the naming system in the game is totally moronic. Paradox has chosen to use completely stupid or unhistorical/inaccurate names and flags for alternate history countries. It really seems like the developers did not take it seriously. Lastly is the massively decreased amount of detail. A lot of the micromanagement that made HOI3 seem so fun and detailed is gone. Also, it seems like the events are so predictable that they are trivial, the same ones appearing every game.Overall Hearts of Iron 4 is a pretty looking game that wants to simplify HOI3 but it ends up being just as hard to understand and less detailed."
76561198052492653,Not Recommended,394360,25456798,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lord Dawn Guard of Canada,Good Game expect it CRASHES alot please fix
76561198023623628,Not Recommended,394360,23627179,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,HereWasBob,"Would not recommend this to my friends. This is a bland and botched 1940's simulator, not WW2."
76561198008138888,Recommended,394360,24244750,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Unholyseven666,*Started game as iran*Became fascist an create New Persian Empire*Declared war on afghanistan and iraq*Conquer iraq*Afghanistan wont budge*Declared war on Saudia Arabia*Conquer Saudia Arabia*Afghanistan wont die*Declare war british Rhaj*World war 2 kick off*Russia declare war on me*Pull forces back to original borders*Afghanistan joins Soviet Union*Spend four years and two million lives holding on to Iran*1945 comes around and i get hit by Russia and the allies*Develope Nukes*Afghanistan Army takes capital before i can use them**Would rethink trying to conquer afghanistan next time
76561198301769247,Recommended,394360,28579599,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Blockmonster200,"Hearts of Iron IV is a world war strategy game, and one of the bests of its kind, if not the only. If you like to play historical strategy games, this is certainly a game for you!"
,Recommended,394360,32527092,Posted: 17 June,all,thedestin388,the game is totaly worth it! the only problem is price!
76561197997085484,Not Recommended,394360,28229254,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,mick063,"Don't buy this until they fix Naval Invasions. It doesn't matter how much you google solutions, carefully abide by all of the dumb requirements, follow suggestions, look up guides, or repeatedly try everything you can think of.Naval Invasions don't work and it ruins the game."
,Recommended,394360,23575576,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Srle_Vigilante,"If you wish to remain sane, not starve to death or pay your electricity bill then dont buy this game."
76561198056886375,Recommended,394360,23432527,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kamebarpl,Top notch
,Recommended,394360,23432344,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Blairlair,-Win the 2nd World War as Germany.-Invade the USA as the British.-Get a Nazi elected President of France.-Nuke New York as the Japanese.-Invade India as the Soviets.-Bomb New Zealand as Australia.-Install a Communist Government in the UK.-Take over South America as Brazil.-Start the 3rd World War.10/10 would Nuke Paraguay again.
76561198040371765,Not Recommended,394360,24447500,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Replica,"I've never even played HoI 3 and even I can tell how simplified this game is.A lot of mechanics just don't have sense or logic put behind them.I really wish I didn't lose the whole post I wrote about my experiences with it, but maybe it doesn't really matter.All you need to know is that the whole thing is literally like reading a /pol/ greentext about alternate WW2.If thats your thing then rad, cool, have fun dude.But if you're looking for a deep grand strategy game, then no lol, you've come to the wrong store page."
,Recommended,394360,23460212,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,dovahbear9836,"I couldnt be happier with this game. Hearts of Iron 3 was so complicated to figure out that i just gave up on it. But Hearts of Iron 4 is fantastic, seriously my favourite Paradox game so far."
,Not Recommended,394360,24268962,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,EuroDaddy,"Hearts of Iron 4, the great waiting simulator. What a colossal disappointment, i had faith in you for this impulse-buy Paradox.Really, there is so much nothing to be done it's insane.Playing from the earliest start date,  if you aren't playing any of the major powers (USA, Germany,  USSR, Japan, UK, France, Italy) then you're in for a tedious borefest. There is no way this game is worth $40 with the amount of content they had included; missing ship models, tank models, generic focus trees for every other non-major nation (that are all exactly the same, minus Poland). ZERO espionage, and sub-par peacetime activities make this the worst paradox title i've played so far.This is my first Hearts of Iron game, however i have played both CK2 and Europa Universalis 4 extensively, and as such i've come to expect a certain quality of entertainment from Paradox studios. The INCREDIBLE lack of content is already setting up DLC, as expected when you see how many DLC both CK2 and EU4 have.Don't get me wrong, it's a fun game- after you get over the 3-4 hour waiting fest for the world war to actually kick off, but there is nothing to do but twiddle your thumbs until then. The game gives little to no reason for you to choose to become communist as a minor nation, since the fascist military pop. boosts are too ridiculous to ignore over the com. political power supplements. There needs to be more bonuses for converting to communism, or at least- more negatives to becoming fascist to balance out the ideologies.To give credit where it's due, The graphics are an improvement over its predecessors, and the simpler gameplay made it much easier for me- a first time HOI player- to come into the series. Also, the military combat is greatly satisfying, having decisive breakneck battles where the overrun of a stack of Germans could possibly win the war for Poland. BUT it nowhere NEAR compensates for the sheer lack of replayability or content the game offers, unlike other games under the studio (EU4). I have almost 800 hours in EU4, and i don't think i'm ever going to hit 100 in HOI4, unless they release more FREE content and overhaul the minors. The easy achievements don't provide any incentive to continue grinding for them either, further diminishing what was already its pissant replayability.TL DR;Plays exactly like a history class, hours of boredom until you feel the tingle of excitement as you see the home bell about to ring."
76561198349036467,Not Recommended,394360,28336947,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Yamakoki,it keeps crashing no matter what i do. fix it please.
76561198099431879,Recommended,394360,23428483,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Netflix & Chill,I just conquered the US with the Canadian empire 10/10
76561198147088845,Not Recommended,394360,30720726,Posted: 25 March,all,hooflungpoo,"This Game is Soo complicating for me, even though i bought it, i think it is just to much for me to play. Thank you though."
76561198151637006,Recommended,394360,32270681,Posted: 8 June,all,[CG] Clarence,Make Ethiopia great again.
76561198136467767,Not Recommended,394360,24590471,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,123,The idea of the game is pretty nice but it's poorly optimized and gets really laggy late game to the point whereIt crashes non stop
76561197972445489,Recommended,394360,23446499,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Foxhound220,Play as Murika cuz I thought it would be fun.Have no idea what's going on.I'm now a Japanese puppet.9/11 will play again for historical accuracy.
,Recommended,394360,32533166,Posted: 18 June,all,ApexDan,All hail Paradox!
76561198023228317,Recommended,394360,23531553,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Gandroid,"This is the first Hearts of Iron game I've played, and I'm loving it so far. Really steep learning curve as with all Paradox games, but even my failures were enjoyble most of the time. So far no performance issues for me, though some people are getting lag in late games"
,Recommended,394360,23426172,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Sora,"GG Paradox, nice game ;)"
76561198025005727,Not Recommended,394360,23974205,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Harfyn,"Great potential, but it is definitely not worth a full price purchase yet! Buy it in the christmas sale, or after several updates. Lot of main features have some pretty gamebreaking bugs still."
76561197984489277,Not Recommended,394360,24095980,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,krashkart,"Probably the worst AI I have ever seen, and that takes epic effort to accomplish.Time to update: I was going to rant about Paradox DLC policy, but decided that's relative to a person's disposable income and not really about the gameplay. I personally only buy them at a heavily discounted price, if at all. I am old enough to remember when you got the whole game you paid for. I understand many people never lived in that world and think the current mess is normal. Remember people, the world you accept now is what your children will have to live in, it will not get better unless you act.All hail modders! Thank you for making half baked games, put out buy increasingly greedy and incompetent developers and publishers, even marginally playable.This is a Half Baked game. Just one example: The front system is abysmal with units charging all over the place with no thought to what is happening right in front of them. Reinforcments are sent from 1000 miles away that are needed 10 miles from where they are. Units are pulled out of a collapsing front because the AI refuses to consider dug in defensive bonuses. And the incessant naval ""invasions"" OMFG!This is still a Do Not Buy unless at least 80% off, with all DLCs included. If you have lots of time and money you can thrash around  in parts of the game like I do, but reading a book is a better use of your time, imo."
76561198022880726,Not Recommended,394360,24463361,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Andrej,Strategy?Seems AI HOI4 uses the same  srategy in game as developer to make costumers happy. This game is real disapointment. Hope developer will enrich the game in future with the AI on higer level than my vaccum cleaner.
76561198016611567,Not Recommended,394360,30345981,Posted: 5 March,all,Il Douche Malling,"There is alot of fun moments and frustrating moments in this game, most fun and many annoying moments.AI sucks, you can leave a giant gap in the frontline and the AI wont abuse it, its way to easy. The way resources work is fine but its just too bad you cant stock up on rare resources or the common ones, before the war breaks out.Would i recommend this game yes/no only when its on sale, and the dlcs kinda meh, they should focus on the AI instead making p2p content that you could get from workshop for free and better made, but i love the rework of the airwings.This game has great potential the only thing needed is paradox too seize the communites cries for fix the AI and it would reach new lvls :)"
76561198017803447,Not Recommended,394360,30387344,Posted: 8 March,all,mike_ky81,"Hearts of Iron 4 is a simplified version of the previous Hearts of Iron games. half the time you can win wars by marching straight into your enemies undefended capital. AI sucks, DLC's containing things that should have been in the vanilla game...No solo peace treaty,very stupid solution,you have to defeat all war participants and then make peace. I have been playing paradox games since 2002 and love all their strategy games but this one is not for old hardcore gamers its simplified in order to win over new customers which is these new kids playing games these days. And  I can not blame paradox its their game they want more money amd want to expand customer base but the games became famous thanks to us who are now old guys lol."
,Recommended,394360,23530379,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Noblesdown,"Load it up. Struggle to pick just the right country, like a South Africa or Australia, so I don't get overwhelmed. Game starts. Look at buttons. And more buttons. And colors. And shapes. And text. And options. Start to go through alerts, choosing options without having any clue what I'm doing or if it is set up right. Then, after alerts are gone, I stare at the screen, and unpause......And wonder what the hell I'm supposed to do.So I load up Quill18's YouTube tutorial, and start watching from Episode 1. A week later, I'm on my fifth restart of Episode 2, not following along. I close the game and stare at it, stuck in my library next to EU IV and Crusader Kings II, and wonder if I will ever learn how to play any of those three games.That said, they are clearly high quality, deep games worthy of the cost. I simply have no clue how to play them.EDIT: It's July 3rd now. I have played most of a full game as China, and the game mechanics finally began to clear up for me, and I understood what I was supposed to be doing. One issue I was having was expecting much to happen in the beginning instead of just working on getting the economy going. Now I'm confident I'll understand a lot more my next game. In short, the learning curve for players unfamiliar with this type of gaming is not unsurmountable, and it won't even take that long- just dive in and keep playing a game. The longer it goes, the more you'll understand. Fun game! Japan totally kicked China's butt though. (Tip: Defend your coasts. =P)"
,Recommended,394360,23479666,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JERry,Taking over the United States as Nazi Germany has never been so satisfying
,Recommended,394360,23589456,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MrKmproductions,"Over of the week that this game has been out, 1 of those days (29.6hrs) has been spent playing. I am absolutely LOVING this game! The perormance is below average though, but the quality and heart put into this game makes up for it. I can already tell I will be spending $200 on the game.11/10 - Would make the Austro-Hungarian Empire again!My Hungary Campainhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeJMXbwUKpw"
,Not Recommended,394360,23577614,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,McDonis,"I have purchased every game in this series and its fair to say I am a big fan.   I had high hopes this one would overtake HOI2 and be both fun and immersive.  Bottom line is the game fails on both scores.  The big problems with the game is the extreme ease you can overtax the game.  By 1939 (even before war) the game slows down to a craw, I have a top end gaming system that I built in March so its not my system.It seems like with this version they tried to create better ways to manage your armies and less time micromanaging divisions.  In this I think they succeeded the battle plans while still a little clunky to manage are a nice change.  Music sounds like more of the same and isnt very inspired.  I would have like more selection and something more attunded to the faction.Unit histories and symbols are again given the short shrift, I really would like them to incorporate that into the game.Overall I find it lacking to HOI2 in many areas and its sad that it still cant measure up"
,Recommended,394360,23477403,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TundraFox,"Very quick learning curve compared to other Paradox games.  I am very pleased with it, and is a must have for any ww2 strategy player.  There is nothing else out there like it and it is a ton of fun, multiplayer and single.  The animations are awesome and the few glitches are minor and its only been out for 3 days."
,Recommended,394360,23425103,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,quarz,"Good! Really like the idea of different 'focus trees' for countries, which adds flavor for major nations. I truly believe the game would be a gem after several patches.Had some graphics and performance issues, but they were fixed in 1.0.1beta.And AI is much less stupid since 1.2. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,394360,32610551,Posted: 20 June,all,Peacemaker,"This game...cannot be described with words... I don't care what everyone says about Paradox and their DLC policy...This game offers endless possibilities and endless amounts of fun. The DLCs for it also always add new and interesting mechanics, although I advise to focus more on mods because those tend to be better made with a higher understanding..."
76561198041024749,Recommended,394360,23426251,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Gabe,Good Game = Good Life
76561197992559581,Not Recommended,394360,25761079,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Baphomet,"This game is crap, it need new updates (AI, game functions etc) It feels like a very slow demo"
76561198289808921,Recommended,394360,32438424,Posted: 15 June,all,konieblair,"This game, while it does have it's flaws, is incredibly fun for history buffs and strategy gamers. Free and simple modding makes the replayability virtually endless, and is well worth the money. If the base game seems to lack enough content for you, I recommend trying the mod Road to 56, which adds tons of new and interesting content. The controls are relatively simple once you get used to them, and while the UI can be confusing at times, this game is one of my personal favorites.Have a nice day!"
76561198008018479,Recommended,394360,23460828,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,mike4314,Have been playing this series since it came out. This is the best one yet! I cant wait to see what Paradox adds on to it and with the availability of easy multiplayer set up and mods that wont crash the game (darkest hour :cough:)
76561198008331063,Not Recommended,394360,34873532,Posted: 10 September,all,Leroy McManus,"Don't let my 800 hours fool you. This game is awful, this game is soul crushing, never will you leave a hoi4 game and go ""Wow what a great use of my time."" Hoi4 mp has destroyed friendships, it has turned average men into nazi propoganda machines. When you can label a map of 1939 Europe because of a video game, ITS TIME TO STOP"
76561198074937372,Not Recommended,394360,34847884,Posted: 9 September,all,kronald_fan.neck,game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks and is the same♥♥♥♥♥♥after the first playthrough just like every other paradox game
,Recommended,394360,23454172,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Swiftyy,>started in 1936 as germany>got ready for war>the time came>lost to poland>game done10/10 would buy another window again
76561198046425590,Not Recommended,394360,23815646,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bloodhun23,"The game lags and is unplayed after 1941 even on PCs above the recommended specs.They also dumbed down the series to make is more mainstream. It seems more of a Civ 5 rather than Hoi3.It sucks, it was such a good series.DON'T BUY PARADOX GAMES UNTIL ALL DLC and EXPANSIONS ARE RELEASED."
,Recommended,394360,25341802,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,The Entire Universe,"anyone who likes this kind of game should like this game. here are my recommendations:- play as checoslovakia- refuse to hand over sudetenland- get overrun by nazis- play as russia- make elaborate defence plans- invade estonia- fail because your troops aren't assigned to the invasion anymore- estonia, italy, japan join axis- get overrun by nazis- realize germany has no clue how to divide up conquered land as it takes siberia, japan takes far east, estonia takes a random bit of china that you never owned and the useful parts are putteted by germany- get sick of being overrun by nazis- play as USA- make america great (start facist civil war because you have no clue what you are doing)- reload old save- make america great again (peacfully, 2 weeks later)- join axis- take over canada- takes forever because canada puts important cities in the middle of nowwhere- naval invade greenland- waste 20 months trying to naval invade iceland three times because your troops leave the army thats invading- naval invade russia- have troops masacured- naval invade australia- realize all your effort was wasted because CPU germany and japan had no clue what they were doing- play as germany- don't start any wars- realize your doing it wrong- play as someone cool and enjoy the game"
76561198120459243,Recommended,394360,23456649,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Daddy Thermite,"Went fascist as the U.S. formed the Free American empire, grinded for 12 hours stright, and conquered the entire western hemisphere..... 10/10 Ign would recommend!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=699689302"
76561198046065014,Recommended,394360,23456697,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,(THU) jonathan.howe12,"I was a little worried that the game would have been “dumb down” or as some may call it stream lined, but in this case the developers have actually did stream lined the game.  Harts of Iron 4 does not need a degree in military history to play, however it will allow you to tweak and micromanage your battle plain as much or as little as you see fit much like Harts of iron 3.  Harts of Iron 4 still has a large learning curve however it’s not a wall that you have to beat your head against or constantly go to the dark net to figure the game out.  In the end could Harts of Iron 4 have more depth, sure but so could every game that’s out there.  In the end the game runs smooth there is always something to do, tweak or prepare for.  In the vast empty world of P.C. strategy games Harts of iron 4 is a clear pool of drinkable water."
,Recommended,394360,23469967,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ethan,It's a excellent and easy to learn game. 8/10EDIT: DLC was more of something that should have been in the game but it's still a good game nevertheless.
76561198008098674,Recommended,394360,23514842,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Elysium 702,"Very huge, immensive game. Took me a few games to actually get a grip of the mechanics, but once you get it the game becomes very rewarding."
76561198123744189,Recommended,394360,25102143,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Wolfgang The Enchanter,I had a game where I played a Democratic Iran...fighting China...and Finland and Norway joined the axis...Do I really need to say more?
76561198002286639,Recommended,394360,23489276,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,FischEi,"Would you mind just use some other game engin?????And add Chinese language pleaseOriginal soundtrack is better than music DLC...I dont like metal, rock and so onAnd add Chinese language please!!!!"
76561198002308919,Recommended,394360,23433294,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gorgeous_Joe,Installed it day one at release.Ten hours later I hear birds tweeting outside the window; looking outside I can see the sun coming up and the clock tells me its nearly 4AM........realise i have been laughing manically for almost ten hours as I crushed one small country after another.Buy it enjoy it.
76561197970483901,Not Recommended,394360,33529546,Posted: 13 July,all,Bellicose,Nope
,Not Recommended,394360,32215397,Posted: 6 June,all,merry trootsmas,garbo game by garbo devs smh tbh
,Recommended,394360,23435322,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"I've enjoyed every iteration of Hearts of Iron but there were always little things that bugged me.   Past issues, such as an overly detailed tech tree, unintiative manufaturing process, and the need to micro manage airpower always frustred me.Not anymore!   Paradox has taken and already great series and perfected it!    Though still on my initial play I already am loving the game.For a more detailed look:https://youtu.be/ZcodCucJqpIFor fullscreen and future HOI4 videos please visit:http://www.youtube.com/c/LittleMacscorner"
76561198272098816,Recommended,394360,23435652,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Luan Santana,Fabulous game. 5 stars for sure. 10/10 would blitzkreig again.
76561198029423877,Recommended,394360,25307632,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,kpmh2001,"I decided to change this to a serious review. this is the most streamlined of the paradox games, and its really better for it. i very much enjoy this game, i just hope it dosent follow the path the dlc is taking it."
76561198000622174,Recommended,394360,25621961,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Kriss,"So got this game last weekend.. And i have 61 hours playtime so far.. This game is absoloutley F****** addicting.. I can't stop.. I've taken over the world 3 times already and still playing.. I want to play as every country on earth just to see how the war turns out.My favorite play through so far was with Norway, i allied with Germany and took over all of Scandinavia. And i'm planing an attack on northern scotland. Norway isn't the best place to start tho. A long coastline and few slots for factories, training takes a long time and the civil war you need to take over the country as a fascist really eats away at your resources, and it takes a long time to rebuild. But i'm loving the game so far.If you like difficult strategy games with a lot of mulitasking and alot of different options. And where the butterfly effect is very much at the center of things. You should get this game.. 10/10"
,Recommended,394360,25813263,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pittsgames,I love this game. So much fun.
76561198027644044,Recommended,394360,26231791,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Guilty Biscuit,Great strategy game. Worth full price.
76561198047296994,Recommended,394360,26237673,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Classy Dino,Fascist America is best America.
76561198342866919,Not Recommended,394360,26630662,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,stubbylegz,"Very boring game, the combat was brutal to."
,Not Recommended,394360,28095381,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,nimbleaelfric,multiplayer cheats and just uninteresting gameplay. just pick a nation and you know how you will go. tech trees are not strategic. wasted potential
76561198301710266,Recommended,394360,28214159,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SiamIAm!,"Amazing strategy and awsome focuses. You can pick from a huge amount of countries. The main set having their own focus trees,events,technology,etc. I would highly recommend. Note if your not into strategy or arent very skilled at it, it could take a little bit to get the hang of the game :D."
,Recommended,394360,25878112,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Sekktion | CSGO500,">Starts HOI4>Have a vast experience with HOI3>HOI4 is totally different>fml>Goes through the tutorial>finished tutorial, 11/10>Ready to roll>1936, picks Brazil>why not>Starts to get the hang of the game>1939, war breaks out>1940, this is too boring as Brazil>Italy gets rekt by Greece>1941, Germany already lost wtf>1942, Italy lost too>Notices there is a way to turn Brazil Fascist>Notices you gotta be Fascist to wage war on every living being>Let's do this>restart game>1936>focus research on Industry, Doctrines and Infantry stuff>starts becoming fascist>1937>Im Fascist>declare on Uruguay and Paraguay at the same time>both got rekt in less than a Month>Next challenge: Argentina, Peru, Chile and Bolivia>Yes Im impatient, mass production of war justifications>The Great Latin American war begins>This war is tough now>♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is already getting ready to be penetrated by Latinos>Starts to comeback>Best generals lul>USA tells me to calm the ♥♥♥♥ down or he's joining>I tell USA to suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥>USA joined the war>1939 already, war breaks out on Europe>USA comes to help his Allies on South America>Doesn't help at all with only 5 divisions>Defeated the 3 countries>phew that was close>No naval invasion from USA yet>thank god theyre lazy>Starts war with Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia>Wins war in 3 months>South America is 99% Green now>1940>Italy conquers Yugoslavia alone>Italy gets rekt by Greece again>Germany dominates this time>USA joined the Allies>*30 allies declarations of war on me later*>I go yolo and capture European Colonies on South America>No Naval invasion yet>Decide to invade USA>Orders 30 Light Cruisers to be built> *9 months later*>Finally, all of them are done>Send them on mission>Naval Power: 30 Ships>*blinks*>Naval Power: -30 Ships>wtf>USA too stronk navy comrade>Decides to go up through Central America>Declares war on every single country on Central America>Completely dominate everything with tanks>Mexico is between me and the USA>Mexican president is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pants atm>Naval invasion detected&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was taking too long already>3 british divisions wtf>Destroy them>Continues with conquest>Declares war on Mexico>Burrito intesifies>This one is not gonna be easy>Heart beating at around 120bpm>Mass revolt on South America>ffs>Suicidal thoughts go through my mind>produce 60 Cavalry divisions to put as garrison>War on Mexico going well>Diggin through Mexican units>American troops appear>British troops Appear>French troops appear&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥enlarges again to prepare for penetration>pauses the game>I go to Army Tab>Deployed manpower is 1,4M men>Let's do this>1941>War on Mexico still happenning>Winning>70% of Mexico taken>Poor infrastructure ♥♥♥♥s me up>can't advance my Infantry wave>time to come up with a strategy>let them advance and then go through with tanks>works, Allies Casualties go up by 600k in one move>All of Mexico taken>I'm bordering USA now>time for the Struggle of a lifetime>Canada Joined Allies>fml, in 1941 Canada????>Continues>Canadian forces arrive>nothing to worry about>Axis Declare war on USSR>a couple naval invasions dealt with and some other attempts of creating a navy failed brutally>1942>My infantry Tech is 1944 and Ships are 1918>worth it>Brutal fights hapenning>tanks rolling>grenades flying>infantry advancing>30% of USA gone>Taking LA after massive fighting>USSR declares war on Allies>I coulp really use some help right now>Operation Sea Lion succeeded>Japan rekts India and China>Africa is eating Pizza>Allies are gone, all that is left are the US and Canada>Infrastructure allows me to pour thousand of troops over my Hamburguer eating neighbours>They don't offer much of a resistance now that my whole army is there>80% of USA taken and Canada already Falling>1943>AFTER A LONG ENOUGH WAR>AMERICA GAVE UP>Manpower: 0>I have around 600k men left and my garrison cavalry>THAT was close>Peace Conference>Germany takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of Stuff from UK and France>whole America is mine except for Alaska and bits of Canada that the USSR took>an entire year without much action>1944 USSR is almost taking Berlin>USSR Wreck balling Japan>USSR beating up Mussolini>What is going on, what is this monster we created??>I join Axis and Declare war on Communism FOR HONOR>5M troops pour through the Alaskan Border>80% of Russian army is here>Germany is still losing>Italy already fainted>Useless European pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥>My army is depleted after the Great American War>500K men left>0 manpower>In 3 months nothing is left of the Axis and what once was the Great Brazil often referred as: AMERICA (all of it)5/7 would get my navy rekt again"
,Recommended,394360,30090177,Posted: 21 February,all,Rmorr102,"Hearts of Iron IV in short is a great game, but in the long term its a more complex answer.Pros- Core gameplay is overall complete and very entertaining.- Multiplayer is overall a large base with many people willing to play if you can role 3 speed or higher.- A very thriving Workshop community that pumps out mods on mods on mods weekly, daily, and occasionally hourly.- A vast array of nations to play as- You could play the game a million different times over many millions of hours and still not be bored- In multiplayer if the host has a DLC everyone has the DLC.Cons- Follows the Paradox DLC model. they'll ship you off a 90% complete game thats good, but they'll add $20 DLCs that control more bits and pieces of the rest of the game. Such as more national focuses, autonomy mechanics, the freaking blitz mechanic, simply asking for a lend lease.- Lack of replayabilty on many smaller lest complete nations.- The DLC is pricey.- Ai can be a bit rediculous.- Tutorial tricky and not helpful at all.- Complex game with a few obscure features.Overall you should be careful purchasing Hearts of Iron IV with annoying Pardox business models, and a complex game lacking proper tutorial. If you're looking to buy HOI, buyer beware. Do your research by watching youtube videos or play one or two hours with a friend who knows the base game very well and refund if you don't like it.In my opinion Hearts of Iron IV is a very fun and long lasting game playable anywhere with a computer, with a short steep learning curve it takes about 20 hours or maybe a full game or two to really get to know the game in its fullness."
76561198006567754,Recommended,394360,23562496,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,jeffislovakia,"As Poland, I joined the Axis, stole Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania from the USSR and began building a mighty infrastructure to support my infantry and artillary heavy divisions. In 1940, war broke out between me and Stalin. The Axis rushed to my aid and I was able to Annex half of Russia, while Japan annexed the other half. The U.K. and the Allies shifted their troops to Africa, leaving China to their inevitable demise. Germany moves half of their forces to aid the Italians in Africa; a brutal war of attrition ensues. To support the Axis, I place my armies and numerous light fighters and dive bombers on the coast of France and Germany. Constantly fending off naval invasions, the Allies still haven't been able to hold any naval base for more than a month. It is now 1943, Our African theatre is at a stand still, Britian still rules the waves and the Americans join the Allies, focusing on taking Africa from the Axis. With 1.5 million recruitable men left in the Polish empire, I am left with no choice but to focus my research and industry on developing rockets and nuclear weapons to force the Allies to capitualte.10/10"
,Not Recommended,394360,32402208,Posted: 13 June,all,Hankyspanky,"Don't get me wrong, this is a fun, WWII Alternative History Game that can be played forever with entertaining & satisifing gameplay & endless amounts of funny and cool mods on the workshop. But recently, the price was increased by way to much. It is a good game but this isn't right. It already was high before. Plus, the DLC is $20 but is more worth towards $10-$15. Don't buy this game until the price is dropped. This is just stupid."
76561198069330892,Not Recommended,394360,32482197,Posted: 16 June,all,ScorpionSlayer,"If you thought EA and Ubisoft were bad well, you aint seen nothing yet.Still gonna buy there awful DLC though becasue I'm a complete sadist."
,Recommended,394360,25282291,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Danux,takes hours to learn the basics but it's probably the best ww2 strategy game on steam.
76561198054891868,Recommended,394360,25455463,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kaiser,>Play as Poland>Become fascist>Civil war between Poland and Falangist Poland>Take back eastern Poland and win the war>Join the axis>Have the USSR steal eastern poland because they say it's Ukraine territory>Become very triggered>Send someone to do fascist propaganda in the USSR>Stage a coup>USSR becomes fascist>Poland wins10/10 Would become fascist again
76561198318319664,Not Recommended,394360,33273842,Posted: 5 July,all,daniel.elmalhi,DLC milking is real. sell broken game and charge us 4 smal things over and over.
76561198086284256,Recommended,394360,23468281,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ультра Кацап,Good game.
,Recommended,394360,23497453,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,J1mBlack,So theres an element of the game that allows you to change your government and basically control every aspect of the war to just about everything but what color socks the guys are wearing. I started as Australia and forgot to leave the allies before I had a civil war which led me to get steamrolled by allied volunteers to my Newly Fascist Australia early in 1939.No one expects Facist Australia.5/7
,Not Recommended,394360,33070036,Posted: 30 June,all,Blood_Axis,This Game is far too easy.I recommend pirating if you like gsgs
76561197971861550,Recommended,394360,32667291,Posted: 22 June,all,FSBDavy,"I love this game, and unlike many, also like the DLC policy.The game was good on release, and I played many hours of it at that time. I got my money's worth. But it contniues to grow, getting better and better. This requires money.Most released games quickly fade away, or are left to the community to try to fix. A patch or two and then they are gone, with many known issues left. There is simply no budget to continue to pay anyone to continue to work on it. With the continue-to-release-paid-DLC model, work on adding features and fixing bugs can and does continue, both paid (DLC) and unpaid (bug fixes).  Yes, the eventual total price is expensive, but I find it akin to an online game, where constant income means constant development (and people are quite happy to pay literally a thousand for their years of say EVE online).I certianly find this method more honest than keeping a game in endless 'early access' (and even releasing DLC for said game which surely is a contradiction in terms) and love that I can expect new features, better AI and cosmetic changes for a game that I know I will still be playing for several more years.An often given argument is that feature x should have been in the base game, and thus Jonny Gamer resents having to pay for it. My thinking is that feature x only exists at all because of the continuing paid development model. Perhaps they hadn't even thought of it at base release, or simply did not have the time or money. In any other game, feature x would never come to exist, or you would still pay for it, just in Game II, released several years later! Yet here, you can actually expect feature x to arrive, sooner or later (air units handled more like the way ground are is on my wishlist, and I actually am confident that it will happen).I can only dream of what could have happened if games such as Vampire Bloodlines had been released by Paradox, with work continuing for several years after release.TLDR? If you like WW2 strategy, you will love this, buy it. But you already have if you do, so thus the question is should you continue to support its development by buying DLC or not? Well, I feel it is the same question as should you subscribe to an online game. Play without for a while, but if you love it and will continue to play, support the game!"
,Recommended,394360,33292665,Posted: 5 July,all,LuNaCy,10/10 would waste 3 hours again
76561198182769769,Not Recommended,394360,33547500,Posted: 14 July,all,wtschina,Not recommand. Boring and wasting time.
,Not Recommended,394360,23659738,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,91killer,"I bought this game out of respect for Paradox and love of HOI3.  However, it is in many ways inferior to HOI3.  There is so much that is fantastic about HOI3, but it is all thrown away in HOI4.  The map is horrendous, ugly and complicated.  The map in HOI3 felt like a real map that a general would look at.  HOI4's map is 3D without the graphics to make it appealing at all.  There was nothing wrong with the tech, production, or trade in HOI3, so why change it all?! If anything, improve on it, but Paradox totally gutted everything and started over.  Tech, production, and trade are okay in HOI4, but it is really annoying to have to learn an entirely new system that really isn't an improvement of the older one.  Handling units in HOI4 is again totally different, we got some new features but lost everything that was good, two steps forward and two steps back.  While air support and air combat weren't much in HOI3, there is nothing engaging or enticing about it in HOI4.  The only interesting or good part is the way divisions are set up and the ability to slightly customize tanks, ships, and planes.  Overall, Paradox really screwed this up, it will be a long time before I try another HOI game."
,Recommended,394360,32609596,Posted: 20 June,all,Skittles,"Truly an outstanding game. It is very addictive, and probably one of the best strategy games out there. I not only love playing with controlling my own country, I just love how theres so much choices you can do. If a country that is fascist becomes democratic or something, the flag completely changes and so does the way it works. I just love how this game works. You dont need to be a pro at it either to have fun (Just good enough to conquer a small country and youll have some fun, EX germany vs belgium)10/10the perfect game for anybody interested in both Singleplayer, Massively Multiplayer, and people interested in Strategy or World Wars."
,Recommended,394360,23444498,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Horth,- Booted it up- Played as italy- Conquered albania- Conquered Yugoslavia- Fought Greece- France joins greece and rapes me2/10  GOD DAMMIT FRANCE GO BACK TO EU4
,Recommended,394360,23445269,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[CW]Codeine,Fun when you are not desyncing.
76561197964195930,Recommended,394360,23445244,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cracky!!!,"you will spend hours playing a bit then searching online for answers to issues you run into only to find it's the wonky AI that is messing you up.no decent tutorial, no manual to speak of.... as i said you will spend hours searching for solutions to problems you run into.the game will improve after some patches and mods, so if you are smart you will hold off buying this right now but i would still recommend this game if you like the genre."
76561198019936986,Not Recommended,394360,31767225,Posted: 15 May,all,CEVOLORD,They didnt put real photos of  inviduals.Be ready for a  ww2 portrait dlc
,Recommended,394360,33189133,Posted: 3 July,all,Silver Von Preußen,Have fun doing your Weltherrschaft for the millionth time.
76561198051343675,Recommended,394360,33194054,Posted: 3 July,all,God,Peaceful trading simulator :)
,Recommended,394360,31254004,Posted: 20 April,all,Iphacus,good game worth the money buy it
,Recommended,394360,33349448,Posted: 7 July,all,Mr. Mitnick csgolive.com,"Played as South Africa, broke free from the UK and then pupetted another country and got the achivement I Am the Tong Master, 10/10 would become the Tong Master again"
76561198069195274,Recommended,394360,32284549,Posted: 8 June,all,✯ Overseer ✯,"The game is absolutely brilliant, I would reccomend it to everyone. If you are a fan of Grand Strategy Games, I couldn't reccomend a more fun and challenging one to play. The WW2 setting is done fantastically and in a fully AI game it plays out the entirety of WW2 with extreme historicl accuracy. The DLC, such as ""Together For Victory"", adds a large amount to the game and the Commonwealth nations. Aswell as including an intricate and very engaging Autonomy System for Puppet Nations. This game allows the player to use an expansive variety of different tactics and play-styles for each individual. The game is relatively quick to learn the basics of, compared to other games and allows the player to continue learning about its features, even after large amounts of play time, such as myself. I find the game overall to be one of the best Grand Strategy games currently available on the Steam Market. I greatly reccomend everyone into the genre to purchase the game and the DLC. I also emplore people who are new to the Grand Strategy genre to also purchase this game, as it serves as a fantastic start to Strategy Gaming.Thank you Paradox, and thank you to the excellent community this game has."
76561198116821132,Recommended,394360,23617346,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Spooky,Super-Worth it if you have the time to learn the game altough it doesn't take long to learn but takes time to master.
,Recommended,394360,23778617,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kartoffeldonner,"HoI IV is still in its teething phase, but it's a complete, playable, fun game that can provide hours of entertainment to any grand strategy fan."
,Recommended,394360,24835575,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,aios,good game for noobs
,Recommended,394360,23458790,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Smittet av en ape,i like
76561198171278323,Recommended,394360,28886672,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,darude dodo,its pretty lit
,Recommended,394360,24785325,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Mερнιѕтσρнεlεѕ,"Thinking about buyingHearts of Iron IV? Decent choice, let me tell you why...Pros --* First, Hearts of Iron IV is a true strategy turn-based game. You only play from a map-view.* Second, play as almost any country!* Third, Workshop Support!Cons --* First, this is a difficult game! Not for newbies!* Second, can be hard to run on low-end systems.* Third, it is hard to maintain supplies for upgrades!Overall --Would I recommend this? Yep, I sure would! Besides, if you don't like it, you can always refund it. Just be sure,less than 2 hours, refund within 14 days."
76561198284363772,Recommended,394360,28652521,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,peto900,10/10 game! I love this game! if you love game were you can invasion holl world BUY THIS!
,Recommended,394360,29880248,Posted: 12 February,all,Nubenoob,Giraffes are heartless animals
76561198174153049,Recommended,394360,32037562,Posted: 29 May,all,HustlePuff,"Nazis, nuff sed. Communism will crush filthy American. GLORY TO STALIN"
76561198264122650,Recommended,394360,23510625,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ZielK29,"Amazing!! Great Game, One of the Best of Strategy game."
,Not Recommended,394360,29937714,Posted: 15 February,all,HXH,"Too terrible experience in multiplayer-game,it destroyed the game.It should be the most important and interesting part of hoi4,but problems such as long time to preapre,no rules,connection and game speed problem,even the reconnect problem such as the stupid ai will change all ur factorys to produce wwi tank when u disconnected for a second.It's totally destroyed the game.Another serious problem is that If the game don't have teamspeak or other conversation software,then you can never rejoin the game after you disconnected from a game you played over hours.It makes the multiplayer-game of hoi4 always end in halfway cause don't have enough player or u cannot rejoin the game.It was distressing for us to play a multiplayer-game.This game should be a great game if the part of multiplayer-game is fully completed.I will change it to postive if the multiplayer-game's problems were solved."
76561197962708405,Recommended,394360,24339741,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,[CBM] Red Ranger,"Now this is my first review, but i'll only say this. It is like ice skating. You get those that can skate on first try and those that can't. Now those that do not know how to skate will not like it untill they do. So just keep playing solo till you understand. Does not matter if you lose or not. Helps if you play with a friend."
,Recommended,394360,24345225,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Captain Communism,">Be Mongolia>only know how to build horses>can only have 5 divisions>you decide to invade Shanxi>ivegotthis.jpg>quickly take their capital and win>♥♥♥♥yes.gif>begin training more♥♥♥♥♥♥horsemen>invade your neighbor to the south>they are stronger than Shanxi but not by much>declare war>let them invade your country>now we wait>cut off thier supplies>let them all starve to death>you now have 10 divisions of horses>continue this completly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tactic until all but your most powerful neighbors>japan is next>invade thier mainland territory and take all of it with horsemen>fail to invade their home islands>train all the horsemen>declare war on Afganistan and funnel 50,000 horsemen through the kashmir pass10/10 would use dead horses as shields again"
,Recommended,394360,30723598,Posted: 25 March,all,Lord Gun,10/10 I think it is great!If you can get over the small amount of bugs it is great.
,Not Recommended,394360,31026895,Posted: 8 April,all,MÜSLÜMAN JESUS,every country need a new and spesific idea system and really need some historical idea system development but everything else not bad . if you are grand strategy game weebs its for you ;)
76561198038181379,Recommended,394360,23529350,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,"I haven't played previous HOI games so I cannot comment on simplicity. But in terms of pure fun, both in single player and especially in multiplayer, HOI IV is great and CERTAINLY not unfinished as has been implied in some other reviews. I understand some of the quams, and they are to an extent legitimate (somewhat dumb single player ai on regular difficulty, placeholder pictures, etc). I believe these will be fixed, for the most part for free. In addition, I cannot reccommend the multiplayer enough. The possibilities are extensive and often quite hilarious especially for history fans (i.e WWII began because facist Australia invaded the netherlands side of Papua New Guinea in one game). Over all, thumbs up man GG paradox"
,Recommended,394360,23535460,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ryanc42,The game is very good with nice graphics though the new research methods lack the depth that the previous games had. The ai lack intelligence and try to invade with every chance they get from land or sea with no attempt at air assaults. You are notified when a land invasion is happening though with so much going on its hard to spot until the enemy is at the gates of your captial. Also trying to get some sort of front line sorted when the enemy is in your territory is almost impossible. Armies fail to attack and just sit there until they are completely cut off and wipped out.Nice game and i have enjoyed it for the most part though some more mods and updates are needed to make this game the game it should be.
76561198027376174,Recommended,394360,24459574,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Flying Elephant,"As a long time fan of the series and most things Paradox, I can say that this is the best version of Hearts of Iron i have played. Sure they removed alot of the complexity from the other versions but it is stil fun and very esthetically pleasing. It is as though they took elements of their other games, Europa Universalis and Victoria Revolutions and wonderfully mixed it in.I am happy with this change because it is not too dramatic, and it allows more casual grand strategists to play this game and enjoy themselves. They have not made it so simple that it borders on insulting the player, if that is what you are worrying about. Its still a game i sure alot of less dedicated strategists will find hard to master but there in lies the adventure when playing these games.I like the national ideas system that helps re-create or change history in a more practicly way then just trying to send as many spies next door to kill leaders or ruin elections as possible. The drawing of battle lines on the world map is also a HUGE improvment when it comes to co-operating with your allies. It allows you to easily see what their intentions are and also a way to give cascading orders to one front while you focus on another. When done right this can help you not panic when you are fighting on 2 fronts.All in all i can say that I love this game and any other grand strategists out there that have played through the HoI series will love it too."
,Recommended,394360,30697016,Posted: 23 March,all,MrRichHobo,"Is fun for a while, but then it gets boring."
76561197996162835,Recommended,394360,23544525,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[RA-01] The soviet,"Play as Germany, Realize that US is biggest threat start using political influence on US to enlighten the population to the glory's of fascism fast forward 3 years america is 52% fascist American fascist get elected america postpones all further elections long live Free American Empire. Mean while the father land takes over whole of Europe, With the aid of divisions sent by the Free American Empire, Currently working on getting the Free American Empire into the Axis."
76561198044283914,Recommended,394360,32909430,Posted: 27 June,all,Giant_Planet,Way simplier than the 3
76561198006986278,Recommended,394360,23481637,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Bored Peon,"If you are new to the Hearts of Iron series:You are going to most likely easily spend fifty hours just learning the basics. The HOI series is one of the most complicated strategy games. Even if you get the mechanics down you can still make lots of mistakes in choices. I would highly suggest playing one of the tiny countries to learn the game.You need to manage your political power, tech research, trading, production, and your national focus.  A few different choices here and there can make a big difference later.If you played Hearts of Iron III:There is a lot of changes to the game that makes it so much better.1. The tech is more simplified and streamlined. You get 3-6 tech research slots for each county.2. Division designer makes it so much easer to manage building your units. Change the template and all units of that template will upgrade or add the brigades. Great example is playing as Germany when you annex Austria and claim their units you can simply click change their template to one you already have designed.3. The production is broken down into three categories instead of one lump category like it was. You now have Civilian (which constructs buildings), Military (does production lines), and Naval yards.4. You sorta no longer really build the units anymore, you build the equipment.  You can queue multiple units based ony our templates but they are only going to come out as fast as you make the equipment for them.For example if you want to build a divsions consisting of light tanks, mechanized infantry, and some artillery then you use 1-15 of your military factories to produce the tanks, the infantry weapons, the halftracks, the artillery, and support equipment as production lines.Each production line makes X amount per day/week/year. While the limit is 15 factories in a single production line, you are not maxed because you can make a second production line with another 1-15 factories. If you change the production lines you will receive a penalty in production for a while (this basically replaces the old practical production.)When all the vehicles and equipment are made then the unit begins to train. You can send out the units without training or let them remain training for a better combat level.5. Resources you have Steel, Rubber, Oil, Tungsten, Chromium, and aluminium. Depending on what production lines and how many factories you are running is what resources and how much you need.6. Doctrines have changed into trees similar to like they were before, however you can only use one line. For example if you favor submarine warfare you are going to lack in the carrier and battleships capabilities.7. Industry is built as either consolidated for a production bonus or dispersed to reduce bombing damage.8. Battle plans are much more friendly for the AI. You can draw your own front lines fall back lines, etc and use the general AI to follow that plan. Of course you can still micomanage everything as well.9. Combat experience is now used to design templates. You can gain combat experience through combat, exercises, political officers, and national focus choices.10. Reserves are now based on your production lines. Meaning if you are only producing 10 tanks a day and you are losing 20 tanks a day (you can see where this is going.)11. Officers are gone. In HOI 3 you could easily outproduce units to your officer production.12. Political officer choices and national focus choices can greatly affect your research now.Overall HOI 4 feels exactly like a remake should feel. Lots of good changes that put more choices and replayability into the game. On top of the fact playing the smaller countries are more fun and not so much playing the hopeless little guy."
,Recommended,394360,24124788,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,| Artemis,I love this game. I started playing paradox's games since Victoria II and HOI3 and I'm loving this kind of game concept. A few tweaks regarding the AI should be considered though. Can't wait for any future updates and DLC's.10/10 Would play as German Republic again and defend my neighbours against Italy and Hungary.
76561198107731606,Recommended,394360,31623292,Posted: 8 May,all,Thomas Sugg,"10/10, love Nazis"
76561198036482539,Recommended,394360,25965080,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,The Breen,"i really enjoy this game, the production system is awesome, i miss earlier gmes more streamlined eventss to war. but the national focus tree is awesome as well. multiplayer is also pretty good.The best part about this game is that  i can say without hyperbole is that Hitler is a bit OP and they really needed to buff trotsky."
,Recommended,394360,25986341,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,pittman789 (Not Dead),"""Who cares about London guys, we got timbuktu"" - MushAnyways, the game is quite decent. The sole issue is with the AI defending its own territory such as Britain not protecting Britain, or with the US either throwing all of its men off of the US or it will just sit in the US doing nothing. It's really an all or nothing but other than that, the game has definitely improved a bit since HoI3."
,Recommended,394360,26201043,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Zee Captain,Has absolutely no replay value
76561198107376521,Recommended,394360,26067671,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Guard,"If you are looking fuhrer good time, you've come to the reich place. Anne Frankly I can Nazi why you haven't bought it yet."
,Recommended,394360,28204637,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,9Peek,"Rules for MP-games in HOI4 (for everyone :D)UNIVERSAL RULES:1. No Major VS Majors wars until Danzif or War.2. No Faction Joining outside of events and focus until 1939 or until world tension has reached 100%. (France can join Allies with the Focus etc.). No minor factions, no exception3. Allies can not stop Rhineland or taking of Sutedland.4. Only guaranteeing Nation may start a defensive war.5. Only Historical Factions and No Unholy Alliance.6. Max Level 4 Forts.7. Poland must join the Allies or thier own faction.8. No coups9. No unwanted boost10. USA can join the war only after 1 year after fall of the France11.No Poland, Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia, Albania, Austria, Switzerland or Baltic States.12.Volunteer forces may ONLY be sent during CIVIL WARS to a side supporting your ideology.13. No boosting majors ever. Minors can be boosted with permission (Spain cannot be boosted). AI can be boosted — a max of 2 from each ideology can boost.14. In order to obtain military access, countries must have matching ideologies.15. Your government MUST be the same ideology to join a faction. You cannot join an alliance and flip ideologies; I don't care how much manpower you get. Non-Aligned cannot join alliances unless they are in a defensive war.16. Minors can justify when world tension reaches 40%. Prior to 1939 majors can use Cores/Focus/Claims to justify on MINORS. Majors can declare wars in 1939.GERMANY:-No Ideology Switching-Historical factions apply-You may not justify wars until 1939 except for focus, cores, or national focus with MINORS (not majors.)-The German-Soviet war cannot be started by a minor, this is to avoid exploiting the soviets not getting The Great Patriotic War focus.-No German-Soviet Tanks agreement before March,1937 (because everyone loves to have Panzer III in 1936.No guys, it's cheating)-Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact should be before before Danzig or War-Danzig or War can be make between July 1, 1939 and September 10, 1939. No later and no sooner.-Germany can attack USSR after July 1 , 1941.USA:-No Ideology Switching-Your intervention focuses (i.e. Venezuela) allow you to only take the war goals and  nothing more (i.e. no annexing Venezuela).-You cannot go partial mobilization until world tension is 50% (You cannot get it through Venezuela)- You cannot exploit Venezuela to get War bonds-You may not justify wars until 1939 except for focus, cores, or national focus with MINORS (not majors.)-Historical factions apply. You can join the Allies, but you can only join the war no sooner than 1 year after Germany and the Allies begin hostilities, unless one of the following is true:- half-year after France or the Soviet Union capitulates.-(non-AI) Axis forces capture a port in Britain.-Any major goes to war with the USA.-The Soviet Union declares war on the Allies.UK:-No Ideology Switching (This includes all members of the empire; Canada, Raj, Australia, South Africa)-Historical factions apply-You cannot deny the Rhineland or Sudetenland unless World Tension is above 80%-You may not justify wars until 1939 except for focus, cores, or national focus with MINORS. (not majors.)- UK cannot intervene based on AI decisions. UK may not annex any territory using allied interventions, puppet only.FRANCE:-No Ideology Switching-You may not justify wars until 1939 except for focus, cores, or national focus with MINORS. (not majors.)-You may use your focuses to go above the level 4 limit on forts-You cannot deny the Rhineland or Sudetenland unless World Tension is above 80%USSR:-No Ideology Switching-You may not justify wars until 1939 except for focus, cores, or national focus with MINORS. (not majors.)- Can not start an offensive war vs Axis until :+ (non-AI) Axis capture a port in the UK+ War between the Axis vs Allies  has been 1 year- Can not invite Poland to the commitern- Can attack Germany after December 1, 1941JAPAN:-Historical Factions apply. You may make your own faction but you must fight alongside the Axis-No Ideology Switching-You may not justify wars until 1939 except for focus, cores, or national focus with MINORS. (not majors.)-You cannot be in the same faction with China unless one is the puppet of the other-If the PRC invades china, You are allowed to justify an early war with the PRC.-Can attack USSR after 1943.-Can attack USA after December 1, 1941.ITALY-Historical Factions apply. You may make your own faction (e.g. Imperial Rome) but you must fight alongside the Axis-No Ideology Switching-You may not justify wars until 1939 except for focus, cores, or national focus with MINORS. (not majors.)MINORS:-You cannot create alliances. No exceptions-You may not justify war until world tension reaches 40%.-If you start out in the Allies you cannot switch ideology (Canada, Raj, South Africa, New Zealand, Australia)-Turkey going Commie.ROMANIA:-You can only go Axis or stay neutral. (No joining Allies or Comintern)SPAIN:-You cannot be boosted by other countries-You must join the side that wins the Civil War or stay neutral"
76561198149073100,Recommended,394360,29267238,Posted: 15 January,all,QuinNy D,mppmpmpmpmk
76561198060760851,Not Recommended,394360,32332256,Posted: 10 June,all,NjohnsonE,just not fun and lags hard in the late game
76561198068631283,Recommended,394360,32360696,Posted: 12 June,all,Aachronious I caserandom.com,"-Buy Game-Play a few games-spot the ""Independent India"" Mod-install-play as india-there is much work to be done- roads to be built-buildings to be created-an empire to grow-hire a facist advisor-turn facist-no sooner invade my neighbors-double in size-make friends with japan-team up with japan to destroy China-annex siam-build up more army-*looks north*-sees the comintern-me and japan liberate all of the Soviet Union doubling in size again-WW2 kicks off-just because friends with japan doesnt mean i am axis-*doesnt chose sides for a while*-*thinks I can get a lot of territory if i just join allies*-declare war on germany-turn on japan-join the allies-liberate all of eurasia-take all the land of the ussr, austria, spain, mongolia, and Japan-now i am 2nd most powerful nation in the world-america....-*sees america only has a bit of europe*-leave the allies and declare war on the UK-liberate Europe-start to set up naval invasions on Australia-*look up*-little did I know-America had-naval invaded me taking the comintern back and pushing down-build a wall to keep the americans out-wall holds up-then out of no where-""independent japan"" units swarm the front- a few nukes were dropped-the indian empire has capitulated10/10 would turn on japan again"
,Recommended,394360,32363286,Posted: 12 June,all,lambchopviking,"A great friend of mine introduced me to this game many months ago, and now I've finally procurred a rig that will run it. I've never played HOI3/2/1, so I can't compare this to anything except maybe the original Superpower (probably close to 500 hours in that game). I personally love the crap out of this game despite all my failed playthroughs. Everyday I'm learning new aspects of the game, and trust me until you master it, it can be hard as hell without alot of studying. For this reason, I have to recommend this game to any history buff looking for a challenge. No gripes here yet, but this is my first Paradox game..."
76561198051262677,Recommended,394360,32262878,Posted: 8 June,all,Je ne parle pas baguette,"Given the stupid number of hours I have put into this game I cannot with good conscience not recomend it. Honestly this game has given me hours of enjoyment borne of both its grand scale and simplicity. Unlike previous renditions of Hearts of Iron, HOI4 manages to give the player a large variety of strategic options without compromises in the new paradox player's ability to learn its systems.It is not however a perfect game:The frontline AI is serviceable at bestThe game needs more events and options for all nations especially majors, I feel the lack of alt history focus trees for majors really hampers the player's ability to create their own history and world. (though the sandbox element is understandably not very supported given that the vast majoirity of the fanbase play with Historical focus on)Finally there needs to be an expansion of the non-alligned/imperial governement. It is very weak and inaccessable when it should be a fully fleshed out option given that a huge portion of nation in the game are non-alligned or historcally were very recently non-alligned (Germany)But other than these issues which are being improved with each patch and DLC I have very few complaints for the game.Also the modding community makes up for the alt-history comment though that is no excuse."
,Recommended,394360,32361298,Posted: 12 June,all,LitSchnitt,"Excellent game, while there are issues such as a sometimes poor AI, cost of DLC which should have been in the base game wtc. ultimatly it comes down to did i enjoy it and yes i have enjoyed playing it and continue to enjoy it with the modding community adding many many more hours of fun to the game and paradox continuing to add fun and interesting additions to the game"
76561198065954502,Recommended,394360,24216582,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,joppemenken,"this game is very good and has nice mods, but the thing i dont like is that it is unorganized."
76561198096331234,Recommended,394360,24395938,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Duelin' Richard,>Starts as Australia>Leaves allies and goes fascist>Builds up massive equipment and manpower>Joins axis and invades New Zealand>Germany eventually falls>Sends two full armies to help japan fight the stalemate in china>War in china becomes trench warfare>Trench warfare continues for two more ingame years>Manpower continues decreasing from trench warfare in china>Runs out of manpower>Gets invaded by the USA and UKThe Crocodile Dundee Division still survived though. :D
76561198133775172,Recommended,394360,24348105,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,HarryMNDRW,Great game
76561198014048266,Recommended,394360,23435339,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ha,"Good game overall.Relatively easy to get into. Construction and equipment aspects are well done. Diviosion building is clearer ,though exp demands for refitting templates is limiting.Air managment is better than i expected. Research is ok.On the negative side - AI is dumb. It cant encircle and is too passive on advance and defence. It also probably does not upgrades division templates - my 230 Art heavy divisions steamrolled over 450 German and about 200 Axis (Italy ,Spain,Romania and rest)  with 1 to 5 casualties. This...shouldnt happen. Map types are limited,hard to see borders sometimes."
76561198023281997,Recommended,394360,23443775,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SuperEgz,Amazing
,Recommended,394360,29279501,Posted: 15 January,all,A_Flaccid_Dinosaur,Brilliant Game
76561198077456116,Recommended,394360,29267159,Posted: 15 January,all,Apuclier,"Hearts of Iron IV is a hard strategy game. For a casual strategy game player this is maybe not the game for you. The game mechanics is a bit hard understand, but once you learn them they become really handy. I liked the historic part of this game. Its accurate and depicts the plans of each country under WWII. The graphical aspects of the game was also really good. The graphics fits the games genre and is pleasing to look at. The placement of cities is accurate. The poitical options in this game is really historacly accurate. Fascism, Communism and Democrazy was the three must used forms of governments around the world wars. The revolutions in this game are also an amazing addition. Still this game lacks a good playing experience for a casual player like me. I had high hopes for this game and was a little bit let down when I started playing it. Yet you can learn the mechanics yourself by using online video gides and the tutoral. To conclude this game is an amazing experience, if you learn to play it."
,Recommended,394360,23421999,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,cRAGGLE_Oz,"You are Poland, this game is Germany. Let it invade deep into your territory so it can explode all over your face in conquering glory."
76561198057150579,Recommended,394360,23438724,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Flluka,10/10
,Recommended,394360,23686835,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,8th | Beezos,great game hard to understand at first watch some vids ad u will know what ur doingA+++++++++++++++++++++
,Recommended,394360,23430284,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SADU,it's Waaaaarrr......
76561198014118787,Recommended,394360,23682433,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,johnnie79273,"Was able to get into the game after awhile, not rly sure if i enjoy the amount of time it would take to produce all the diff types of vehics but do like that I can add on to them."
,Recommended,394360,24091457,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Farland,Lovely
76561198063093643,Recommended,394360,23682103,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,tanskalainen1974,"Ok game, very entertaining and a significant tactical and strategic challenge. I consider the game worth buying. The UI is however a sorry mess of strange and not well explained pitfalls and boring drags. Try launching a naval invasion or micro manage your air power to maximum effect somewhere."
,Recommended,394360,23426379,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SultanPulerin,"An impressive game!Don`t be too scared about its complexity . Give it a good 3-4 hours and you could handle even the ""worse"" situations with ease."
76561198011904914,Recommended,394360,23432666,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,moshei,"As Germany, I lead my facist nation to agrining holt in the Sovjet only a province away from Moscva. Meanwhile, US and Commonwealth troops where preparing for invation of Italy and Normandy.While the trouble in west continued, Japan as its own faction, could not invade China and lost its land to the chinese while US troops began their preparation to shore in the philipeans.#WillFailUterlyAgain"
76561198041108701,Recommended,394360,23433084,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,kinderfire,It's good.
76561198135278272,Recommended,394360,23685879,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hahalaweb,Its a nice game
76561198015609457,Recommended,394360,23509889,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Rob the Krieg Guardsman,"Play as Greece, go Facsist and proceed to skull ♥♥♥♥ the Soviet Union and Geat Britan. 10/10 would re wright history in the worst way posible again."
76561198054718698,Recommended,394360,23507103,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,//<LasT>// EkoRmaNn,You will hate Great Britain
76561198018146340,Not Recommended,394360,28426505,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Grognard59,Not happy. Played heaps and now after update 1.3.0 my game crashes soon after launch each time.
,Not Recommended,394360,32662838,Posted: 22 June,all,squirrelfox,"I want to love this game.  I really do.  Unfortunately, the AI is terrible, the DLC policy is a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and there's just not enough depth or nuance to the game to keep me coming back.  I can't in good conscience recommend this game.  Certainly not in the state that it's in, and has been in for over a year."
76561198012872922,Recommended,394360,32480227,Posted: 16 June,all,jerebear,1
76561198006268071,Recommended,394360,28618934,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sharp_Penguin,This is one of the best WW2 based strategy games I have played and have to says its been worth every dollar.
,Recommended,394360,30994301,Posted: 7 April,all,Stein_Adler,"When you start it is confusing but once you get the hang of it, it's great fun espeically with friends."
,Recommended,394360,31016474,Posted: 8 April,all,SNOOPERBOT,10/10 would drive to Moscow again.
76561198045989129,Recommended,394360,31498548,Posted: 1 May,all,TigerAce,Great game!!
76561198086096984,Recommended,394360,27859910,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bemosco,"Bought game, selected America, made america fascist,made mexico america. 10/10 would be trump again."
76561198016167685,Recommended,394360,23435521,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,crixy2312,"Awesome stuff, great soundtrack, great design.You can do both the silly stuff like taking a rump state like Bhutan to glory and the historical stuff like trying to control the sinking ship that is france in 1939."
76561197970614876,Recommended,394360,23440174,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,staceyf,"First, I have never written a review of a game on steam.  I have hundreds of games and three (my two Sons) accounts.  I decided almost immediately that I would write a review of HOI 4.  Without a doubt the best looking/playing game on day one that I have ever had the privilege of playing.  It's a masterpiece!  I have many gaming friends at work and via my social network and I have and will continue to recommend this game.  I'm a developer and I understand the difficulty of producing tight code so a big shout out to the developers!Job Well Done!Happy Hunting.Robert Stacey FreelandLouisville, Kentucky"
76561198081466620,Not Recommended,394360,31819489,Posted: 18 May,all,mystery_origin,"Another classic example of Paradox's trying to be fancy and end up with a broken, frustrating experience. And yet, their fanbase will defend them insistently. Apparently, ""The player is playing it wrong"" is a sufficient excuse for anything that Paradox does wrong.The peace conference system allows other countries, that are not your allies, to take significant amount of the territory that you conquered, even if that other country was getting crushed the entire time without your involvement. I took over half of Africa and all of Middle east in one war, and Italy magically takes all of Africa and half of Middle east despite virtually zero involvement on the Africa front. It even allows countries that literally did nothing other than suiciding random low-cost ships into the enemy (i.e. zero land unit used) to take lands that you have a core on, just because they decide to declare war on the losing faction in the last second.The auto-revolt supression system is completely broken if it involves islands. The units will constantly move between the islands, leaving the most of the land in a constant state of revolt.The whole battle plan system, a key new element to IV, only works when used on a very small scale. It requires tiny border connection or using far more troops than necessary. In other words, work fine when you are in Europe, doesn't work at all anywhere else.  Troops will randomly move around instead of defending key position (positions that if undefended, will cause supply to be cut off). Even if you don't ""execute"" the plan, the units will still randomly move around, especially if you manually surround and cut off the enemy (the primary way to play all HoI games).It's not as if some of these are even hard to fix. The peace conference system can easily be improve by simply adding a few conditions such as not allowing someone to take a territory if the land isa) Not controlled by that countryb) OR not adjucant to a land owned by that countryc) OR not coreThis is fairly simple code and while it won't fix the entire system, it will at least get rid of the most ridicious cases.I can keep going on, but it is clear that Paradox isn't ever going to fix any of this. As far as Paradox and their hardcore fans are concerned, if you don't play the game in the exact way the developer wants you to, you are doing it wrong. It's as if this is not a game..."
,Recommended,394360,23508363,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Simdeck,This is a master piece in Grand Strategy. Accessible to the newcomer without losing the depth of a fantastically complicated game. It's all about your knowledge of this era vs your perverse mind in the way you determine it's outcome. A work of art lacking in gaming these days a beacon of intellectual light.
76561198014628789,Recommended,394360,31032204,Posted: 8 April,all,Peter,I liked it
76561198062254486,Recommended,394360,32654199,Posted: 22 June,all,Jasper467011,Great
76561198078893560,Recommended,394360,28582239,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ifound1paypal,this game is a fun world war 2 game were you can go down diffrent routes in history like you can make america a communist nation or you can turn germany in to a democry and finaly you can turn soviet union facisr
,Recommended,394360,34219962,Posted: 13 August,all,JanKaszanka,"The Game Itself is Allright, But it gets boring after first 5 games.."
,Recommended,394360,23479649,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Jecah,"Some countries can be a bit boring at the start (UK, USA, basically any democracies).  But, when the wars start it's just constant chaos.The combat is better than EU and Stellaris.  You can't just steam role with one huge army (EU) nor can you kite (Stellaris).  There's tons of strategy in setting of good lines, attacking with multiple armies, etc."
,Recommended,394360,23591656,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Capitão_HU3,"One great iteration of the Hearts of Iron franchise. The gameplay is solid and engaging and the scale of World War 2 is captured extremely well.The game gives many chances to change history, you want a facist UK, communist America, or you want to give Germany back to the people, you can do it.I totally recommend, but if you never played a Paradox game before, you better start on Europa Universalis 4, Crusader Kings 2 or Stellaris."
,Recommended,394360,23444145,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Tang60,Great game worth every penny .
76561198184553763,Recommended,394360,33432333,Posted: 10 July,all,Crimsen,"Just a fun, light hearted game about the Fuhrer"
76561198179562187,Recommended,394360,29356056,Posted: 19 January,all,luckygamer501,"Overall, this game is fantastic. In the beginning, things may look quite complicated, but ater playing for a certain amount of times you just get into the flow of things and you see how fun and entertaining this game really is and how it creates a brilliant way to change the events of World War 2. One thing that I would strongly suggest is PLEASE DO NOT OVERPLAY IT. Do not play it a lot too quickly or you will find yourself bored with it. Please, spread the amount of time you spend on this game and you will get the most enjoyment possible from it.     10/10."
76561198191248870,Recommended,394360,29826194,Posted: 10 February,all,ccderby,is it perfect?no.is it great?yes.
76561198035949282,Recommended,394360,29358875,Posted: 19 January,all,CardinalReason,"This game has problems.The AI is garbage, everything related to the water is problematic (naval invasions, naval combat, naval fire support, etc), supply is a little weird (your troops don't die from attrition, they just eat all their equipment instead), certain division templates are incredibly OP, diplomacy is problematic, and wars and the game as a whole can get repititive as you race to capitulate the planet.  And I really wish there was army sorting by division type.But overall, I've played 500+ hours of this game, more than any other game in my steam library to date, and loved it.10/10, would waste 500+ hours of life again."
76561198191050281,Recommended,394360,29634645,Posted: 1 February,all,Ceeasy,IN THIS GAME I CAN WIN AGANIST GERMONY AND RUSSIA AND POLAND HAS LVIV! AND I CAN MAKE POLAND INTO SPACE! VETY GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,394360,34697967,Posted: 2 September,all,[-1 MVP]The Yak Master,I had a social life once.
,Not Recommended,394360,34961393,Posted: 14 September,all,PapaPutin,i liked it until 2 weeks after i got it and it wouldn't work anymore
76561198059816131,Recommended,394360,35031695,Posted: 17 September,all,~Whiskey Hybrid~,"Very good game, easily moddable which is great. I love that you can turn the historical off and be something like Romania, have cheats, and be stupid."
76561198094283214,Not Recommended,394360,34826967,Posted: 8 September,all,Breakfast_Time,"This is a great game, but between Paradox's greedy DLC policy of locking so much behind paid DLC, and just one or two mechanics that can completely ruin the game (What the actual ♥♥♥♥ is with the peace conferance mechanics  paradox), I wouldn't recommend getting this game unless its on a VERY good sale."
,Recommended,394360,32788427,Posted: 25 June,all,Taymurr,"This game I would say is split between the  fanbase in popularity, I would say personally that it is a staple for franchise but its simply not the best game there is out there... this is due to a large assortment of bugs and patches that even the break the game itself, however none the less I still enjoy the game, well atleast enough to spend a full 500 hours on it.I need clarify that what makes this game have replayability is the modding community, this due to the fact that there is great mods such as Kaiserreich, Emperor of The World and even such mods that spruce up the vailla game such as Road to 56 (Which is a mod of mods).So buy if you like trying new things and can find enjoyment in all games, but if you are an old Hearts of Iron player then this game may not be for you as its mechanics can be more mainstream.Happy Hunting France... Seriously it capitualtes instantly.... so its easy to hunt it..."
76561198069635860,Recommended,394360,23440738,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Juan Solo,"In my german game i had to capitulate the major of the allies. At the beginning of the war it was only france and GB. Then France capitulated and the British Raj was a major whom I had to capitulate. Then after 2 years I invaded succesfully the British isles and at the last moment before GB capitulated the USA was considered a great power... After 1 years and 3 unsuccesful invades I managed to invade and capitulate the USA, but the peace screen was not appering. The game told me that Canada with his 2 divisions was considered a major. I am the Third Reich with the whole of Europe (and most of Asia) under my command. The axis is everywhere. I have 550 divisions, 250 military factories and 150 civilan factories, 2 mil manpower with just service by requirement and the game says that Canada with his 2 divisions was a major.10/10﻿"
,Recommended,394360,23472658,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dankliest,"Hearts of Iron 4, the most recent of the Hearts of Iron series by Paradox Interactive, is a WWII grand strategy game. In my  33 hours of playing this game I can say that this game is very casual friendly but grand strategy is supposed to be aimed towards a more hardcore strategy player. It won't take you too long to learn how to play this game at the max it will take about 2 hours. I would personally rate this game an overall 6.5/10."
,Recommended,394360,23503857,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Grefven,"Very good game, easy to get in to compared to the prequel, HOI3 which was just a pain to learn for the casual audience.In this game you get thrown right into the action and you learn from your mistakes as you go along in your first campaign and you will gradually do better and that feels very rewarding. However this game as any recently released game has some flaws, such as the battleplanner AI that is not really advancing agressively enough, thru empty provinces and such.but as with all the paradox games the flaws will be fixed and the game will change alot during its lifetime."
76561197970722300,Recommended,394360,23552686,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Lonemerc,"Im have never reviewed a game before here on Steam but my journey to 100% strategy is now complete. Coming from 3D games like Totalwar, Men of War and COH I always love battles being played out and such, I thought I would not like HOI4 because of the lack of such battles and I was correct I dont like it, I LOVE IT!  The complexity and details over a wide range of areas has me fasinated and keeps me coming back for more. You feel invested in playing a country of choice and want to take it to glory. I cannot comment on previous HOI games this is my first I may try out the others as well.This is a soild game, fun and inviting for new strategy players, A bit of a learning curve but not bad, learning the mechanics is part of the pleasure."
,Recommended,394360,23610921,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ne.X.us,Slightly different gameplay than the Versions before. Army plans make offenses now much more easier but the Tech tree is much more simplified copared with the one of HoI3.
,Recommended,394360,23810060,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rhykin,"There's been a number of reviews stating that this is simplified version of Hearts of Iron 3, but never went into the specifics on what was simplified, and whether this is still a good game for veterans of the series to pick up. I simply see many people complaining about a specific aspect without giving the game some critical thought. In summary, I think the changes that Paradox have made are in the right direction and that the modding community or future updates will likely come in and continue to build upon the current foundation. There are certainly some flaws, but not enough or significant enough to defer even players familiar with previous games.Let's cover the differences. First, the changes I don't mind:- There are fewer starting eras, but the two available were always the two I generally chose when starting a new game.- Weather and supply lines have changed quite a bit, and honestly for the better. Weather is much more apparent to the player, and the fact that's slightly more uniform in a given region allows there to be less chaos that stops the player from disregarding it and effectively makes the player think about far more than they would in the previous series. There are also visual changes to the map in certain weather conditions. Supply lines still course remain very important, and continues to be a critical strategy for competing armies to consider. Honestly, the previous system was a bit convoluted, especially when trying to understand what would initially seem to be random failures. This time it makes it much more obvious and managable.- Unlike many others, I do not mind the restructuring of the research and additions of the national focuses. Other reviews have mentioned that there fewer research opportunities, but if you combine the research opportunities with the strategic choices offered by national focuses, I don't think there's any disadvantage with the new model.- I am very much a fan of how construction, production, and recruitment are organized and setup compared to the previous game. Another one of the great improvements.- I enjoy the new peace conferences and think it's a wonderful addition.Now lets discuss changes that I think hurt the game, or at least make it frustrating.- The new battleplans are in theory a good idea, but in practice I always end up micromanaging my armies and often forgo the battleplans in practice. Nothing annoys me more than a division spontaneously fast-traveling somewhere else on the front and immediately losing all of its organizaiton. I'm sure I'm part of the problem in this, but it seems to be focused on an even balance of forces across the entire front than considering what knowledge it has of the enemy units. If you plan on encircling (which causes many front lines to spawn) or attempting to entrap a larger enemy force with smaller local force, the battleplans just are not practical.- The biggest difference is that espionage is missing. This is more or less handled automatically now in various ways (parts of which also occured in the previous game), e.g., your air superiority will reveal rudimentary information on enemy units, adjacent armies reveal rudimentary information about enemy armies, influence seems to slightly affect the amount you know about the nation's progress, etc. Actions on other nations previously found in Espionage can now be conducted on nations using Political Power accumlated over time. I still haven't decided whether I liked this change, but I am leaning towards no as it diminishes the flexibility of gameplay available to smaller nations, particularly those far from the conflict, especially when playing co-operatively.- The [enemy] AI is a fan of fast-traveling everywhere along the front -- constantly. It makes it extremely simple to take advantage of. This might be related to the same behavior seen with Battleplans..- Lastly, this wouldn't be a real review coming from people who played HOI3 if I didn't mention the lack of a counters-only mode. I understand why Paradox made the changes they did; and I've honestly gotten used to it. It's not what I prefer, but I continue to play the game the way it is without thinking about it much, I continue to patiently wait for a mod that brings back those enjoyable counters."
76561198135029373,Recommended,394360,24943752,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Appo,The best WW2 strategy games i have ever played and i would recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun game for being solo or with friends
,Recommended,394360,24954335,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,tupe12342,I managed to make my country facist10/10 would screw up the middle east again
76561198155704589,Recommended,394360,26742369,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,NoVa,"I loved this game for as long as I have had it. Many things could be improved but if you're looking for a WW2, Country control, do whatever you want kinda game, I highly recommend it."
76561198029123184,Recommended,394360,23454065,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,plm42,"Pros:Very happy with my purchase! I think paradox has really struck a great balance between complexity and ease of use.Very rewarding game!Cons:The game, in later years, slows down a lot. Seems to be an optimization issue. But it will most likely be patched in the future.Definitely would buy again. This is a 8.5/10 game for sure!"
,Recommended,394360,23485900,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mic,I use my first nuke to mocsow and then Stalin never suurrender and send human wave to destroy my Reich. Oh God
76561198045035515,Recommended,394360,23487598,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ChemKat,Really fun game! I've been looking for a game to fufill my WW2 fix and this did it. Really easy to get into if you are a strategy game player and the huge multiplayer is great for having some really crazy games.
,Recommended,394360,23489538,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,🚂🚃Taschi🚃🚃,"A lot more accessible than its predecessors. Glancing over the negative reviews, that seems to be the main point of criticism. So if you thought HoI3 was too dumbed down, this is not a game for you but if you like your games to not look like Microsoft Excel's big, evil Nazi brother and have any interest in WWII on a global scale at all, this is pretty much a ""must buy"".Even after two or three hours, I had a solid idea of what's going on, which is a first for Paradox games, but it seems like there's enough nitty-gritty for lots of learning and I trust Paradox will add a lot of new themes with DLC.My major point of criticism is that diplomacy and alliance-building is very much driven by the national focus trees (and therefor by a set of scripts by Paradox Interactive), which feels not too organic. I do hope Paradox will improve that part of the game. Aside from that, I greatly enjoy the game so far."
,Recommended,394360,23539432,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,edw0rD,"gr8 game;play game,civil war,turn fascist,join axis,declare war on portugal,cause world war,losing to france,france surrender,cry with joy and thank the lord,take 1/2 of france in peace treaty,switzerland join war,ah theyll be easy,lose all of france,cry to self,give up on life,stare at window,cry some more,cry a bit more,stop crying,think how gr8 it wud be to beat germany as poland,start game as poland,lose to germany,cry some more,realize there are mods,download mods,wipe tears off face,why are you still reading,play ethiopia and plan to take all of africa like a boss,lose to spain,cry.keep crying.11/10 im gr8 @ this game"
76561198081245756,Recommended,394360,35027030,Posted: 17 September,all,Big Mac. Gaming,"I think that HOI4 is a great game. I recomend it to anyone that likes grand strategy games, ww2 games and hours of repetitive gameplay. It still has room for improvment (AI)."
76561198032078868,Recommended,394360,35109495,Posted: 21 September,all,Sam Evans,No one will have to worry about illegal immigration when the entire world is the United States... he says dropping atomic bombs on Nepal.
,Recommended,394360,23541136,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,FPSPrussia,"Hearts of Iron IV keeps the Strategy going. I admit Hearts of Iron 3 was a flop but HOI4 brings it back. If you like Darkest Hour: A hearts of Iron game, you will love this game. I really want more people to buy it because the more people the better when it comes to large multiplayer sessions."
,Recommended,394360,23539850,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,NUBLIFE,"Played as Saudi Arabia. Decided to Unit the Arab People.Year 1.Allah has given us the strength to take Yemen We shall march next yearYear 2.Yemen and Oman has fallen to the World Super Power Saudi Arabia.Year 3:Invades Iraq and Iran. The Middle East is now united under the Caliph.Year 4:Caliph is retired by the Sword and our new Fascist Leader Prepares the people for war with the Soviet Union. All Muslims belong in the Great Empire!!Year 6: And We join the Axis and launch our Soviet campaign.Year 6 1 month: Initial Plans proved to pessimistic. The Soviets line collapsed to our camels in less than a week. Now the entire Soviet Army is starving to death cut off from all Supplies.Year 6: 6 months in. The 500,000 Soviet Forces behind our lines finally surrender. We quickly put them to the sword.10/10 would slaugher a modern day army with camels again."
76561198048108721,Recommended,394360,23566973,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,"Archer, Leader of the Gorgonites","Really fun. I mostly recommend this to people who are not very fimiliar with Grand Strategy games, because the UI and alot of the mechanics aren't as complicated (I'm looking at you, HOI3). But, if you're willing to take the time to learn the game, HOI3 is alot of fun and has more depth in every aspect. Id recommend using BLack Ice mod before you even begin in HOI3, because it adds alot (requires 3 dlc's).My Biggest issue is the Tech Tree because it lacks options. It may seem like alot as first, but you end up researching nearly everything by the end of the game, except for a few mutually exclusive options. The Technology options are lacking greatly compared to HOI3. National focus's are new (i think) in HOI4. They are basically options for triggered events (such as Germany invading Norway, or signing the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact), or bonus's to research speed for Tech. Some are mutually exclusive, allowing different paths to go down, but not many. They are Different for each major country, but all minor countries have the exact same National Focus trees. Boring. But hopefully with modding, people can make specific National Focus trees for any country.Combat is similar to EUIV, with many tactics to use during battle. As generals gain experience, they gain traits and buffs to their army. Units can gain experience from battles they have fought. And the environment plays a major factor in battles. Attacking across a river or a strait for example, will inflict massive penalties against the attacker, allowing a heavily outnumbered defender a much better chance at winning.Also, the game seems too easy. I've only played a couple games as Denmark. For some reason, Germany Declared war on Russia right after they took poland. i declared war on Germany and♥♥♥♥♥♥down their throats with allied help from over seas using my country as a landing base. So the AI can do some silly things.8/10 if you're new to Grand Strategy games6.5 or 7/10 if you're familiar with previous HOI games"
76561197971214586,Recommended,394360,23666466,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[Mpx] Anarkha,"Everything works (~50h and 0 crash) and simple to play, All hoi3 depth hidden on very simple and easy to use interface.Good example of interface is that those who want stats and micromanage are still able to, just need to find those small icons in corners of windows. All 'difficult' things are pushed on sides for those who want\need them and not distrupt those who just want to draw big pictures and let ai handle small details."
,Recommended,394360,23486618,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BDM,"I've only played a little bit of this game, but i have tried and tested a few nations to see what I can do.I don't have much to say at the current moment, but I will go through a few points, please don't rattle me too much, this is my first or second review, and I don't have much time so this will be short.-Positives-1. Really nice design to the game and I have found it way easier to learn and play, rather than HOI3.2. So many different things available to each nation, and you have control over practically anything and you can PLAY HOW YOU WANT, it's not linear - It's very orientated towards how your actions will determine how the game will play out.and many other things...-Negatives-1. The UI is a little bit small, some buttons are harder to see, but i'm glad the workshop is available so there are mods that make it better.2. Some graphics features are a little weird, I am sure it's my end, but if I turn certain settings off my FPS goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and if I turn them on I get a huge FPS boost. I don't lnow.Overall, is a very good game and I will be playing this for a long time."
76561198039359983,Recommended,394360,23539001,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,R!CKY,"Fist Game of the series, def gonna check out the past ones."
,Recommended,394360,24891079,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,i am moofin,"Have you ever wanted to get stomped by AI for your first several hours of playtime, to get frustrated, and go watch three hours of tutorials to figure out, you weren't doing it reich?"
,Recommended,394360,23667915,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Johno,"Ignore the bad reviews. This game is not meant to be  World War 2 simultaor however you can semi simulate what went on historically especially playing as Germany who controls largely when stuff goes south. This game is meant to be more of a what if simulator especially if you turn off historical ai focus which can lead to a very different game.I am not saying that the game is completly polished but it is a lot better than when i first came across it 2 years ago and am so glad that they didnt release it then because otherwise it wouldnt be getting great reviews. There are some areas that still need working on:- tweaking of ai - am sure will be fixed in the next major patch.- accuracy of historical equipment - especially ships, slightly annoying but not a lot i can do one example the Dunkerque class BCs of the French navy were built in 1936-38 not 1940 as represented in game. Small things for me.- addind standard 2d art for generic nations such as Spain and Holland, just something that isnt a silhouette add some colour.I do love the modding community and have found several mods which try to fix some issues such as a more variants mod which allows you modify other variants and also a naval rework mod both worth checking out.anyway go and check it out but adding a pinch of salt is advisied with some areas. 9/10"
,Recommended,394360,23436246,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,RØidZ,best game in the world.
76561198040738228,Recommended,394360,23526705,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,aspis,"This game is everything I whished for when I was playing Hearts of Iron III. Back then I always thought ""Well, this is a nice game, but it could have been so much better"". Now it is. They adressed each and every shortcoming I didn't like about HoI3.Some users claim that the game was ""dumbed down"", while I think it has ""smartened up"". HoI3 was a ""Grand Micromanagement"" game where you could tediously repeat history. HoI4 is a finally the strategy game I always had hoped for, where you have the freedom to change the world according to your plans.On a small scale, let the AI handle all the tedious work for you, let it push the whole front, let it garrison your rear, let it secure your bridgehead while you manually control your elite mobile divisions breaking out of that beachhead to encircle the enemy. On the big scale, the national focuses put in really nice historical flavour and enable you to go your own way with your nation.There are still some bugs int the 1.0.0 version, the interface could be improved and the AI will probably get better over time, but no showstopper so far. And they got the right idea this time. Right now at this moment, with version 1.0.0, the game is an awful lot of fun to play. It takes a few hours to learn the game, though, to put the battle plans to good use (hint: you can use fallback lines to pin troops, you can rebase offensive plans to fine tune attack directions, you can draw follow-up plans ... many reviewers don't seem to get these things)."
76561198101695564,Recommended,394360,23528909,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kentucky Colonel 1828,"I've waited impatiently for more than a year to play this game. It was completely worth it. I've played it 28 hours after having it for less tthan five days. I have not been more entralled by a strategy game since the first time I played Civ V a few years ago.If you have an interest in World War II and strategy games, this is the promised game of the strategy covenant. I've only played a little HOI III, having only been introduced to Paradox Strategy games since Crusader Kings II, and must say this is much easier to loose yourself in. Having played both EUIV and CK2 for hours on end, the interface was very familiar to me and the basics only took a few minutes to get down, though I still have very much to learn.My only problem with it so far is that naval invasions are way to easy to pull off, so the Allies (mostly England, but other Commonweatlth countries, as well as teh Free Dutch Forces) keep dumping off at random places in occupied Europe in an unfeasable fasion that makes it harder to get immeresed into the World War setting, giving a slight, arcadey, wack-a-mole type feel. Too many times have I seen the English open a second front in Northwestern Germany (I was playing as Italy) that lead to nothing but high casualties on both sides, and I don't think that was ever considered a reasonable strategy in real life. However, Paradox has announced it's first Hotfix Patch will remedy this issue, so it's nothing to sneeze over.Overall, the pros of HOI IV far outweigh the cons, and I would recommmend this to any World War enthusiast, Paradox gamer, or regular of other war-based subgenres of strategy gaming."
76561198012015040,Recommended,394360,25108911,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Selinasuka,No other game has sucked 200 hours out of me in 2 weeks. Great use of the holidays. That's all I'll say.
,Recommended,394360,23469996,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Conboy137,"Its a good game, thats about it, read about it elsewhere, cause im too busy playing the game to write about the game :)"
,Recommended,394360,23541853,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Vapier,"First off, I've Played this game since it's inception with Hearts of Iron I, That being said.  I know what it has been and what it has become.I love the way they put alot under the hood, that is done automatically, I hated adjusting my production sliders every other day to keep up with changing needs in the old ones, and didn't like the AI run sliders.  Also the constant small trades just to build a relationship was a bore.  I like the ease of play of HOI4 and the timeframe, I sometimes wouldnt finish games that lagged on for days would lose interest, this gives a me a full day or 2 and I win or lose...OK the Good and the Bad...The Good1) eliminated alot of micromanaging alot of things.2.) streamlined Research.3.) Made Theatre AI alot better, though I still don't trust handing over my paratroopers to the AI, so may be like HOI3 where your Paratroopers just sit or are used like basic infantry, never boarding a plane LOL, got so mad about that in HOI3 is why im still gun shy to trust AI, front commanders with them.4.) love the new Airforce and Navy combat/orders/etc., with the Invassions is really cool, though should tell people HEY you need marines to do this haha, or i couldnt figure out for the life of me how to load my carriers with planes, till i finally hovered over the little square in the top right corner, then was like DOHHH!!.  Why they did it like that and not a little side arrow off of the main plane i don't know, smaller space maybe?5.) Love how you divy up the provinces now with sue for peace, though it took a bit to figure that out too with Allies points in the mix.6.) love how the game flows and the timeframe of game play, i know there are die hard strategy players who like long drawn out campaigns, and love counters. but there are plenty of other games out there that will fill that role for you, just look on steam there is a ton, and you are a minority because look how well those games do? it's a niche like the thousand piece war board games that take a month to play.  So i like the pace and simplicity of what they did here,  More akin since i speak of wargames closer to Axis and Allies than say Operation Barborosa or what have ya.7.) love the new focus trees where you can choose Historically acurate situations or do something completely new, although you need to pay close attention to the effects, every game of HOI3 i would play germany and always take checkoslovakia easily with no war, but when I did this time the Allies declared war on me and i wasnt ready...OVER all, I think they did really well and it is now my favorite of all three, even Darkest Hour although Darkest Hour was my very Favorite of all of them till HOI4.NOW the CONS...1.) still have to micromanage Increase Relations, and won't tell me when I have to send another envoy!!! why couldnt this be automated like bring closer to my faction is...2.) Should be a way to not let your exports take your recently built Oil refinery production, I was low on oil built refineries so i wouldnt have to trade for Oil and the dang guys are exporting 150 oil and i still needed like 16 for myself.  You would think that there would only be exports if you industry had a surplus of a resource, BUT NOPE, i could be exporting 1000 of a resource and my factories would still need 20 of it or my production would suffer, not completely understanding this process, maybe in a Democracy, maybe i'm missing something cause sometimes i do free trade myabe thats my problem will look into it more, so maybe this one is just me being ignorant on my trade policy lol.3.) Fall back line in planner, I have my front line, then if i fallback with a fallback line. it's all fine, but then when i make another front, I cant get rid of the dang fall back line, it won't let me delete the thing. it's a minor agravation just clutters up the map.4.) maybe this is just me, but why does your production create OLD things first, even if i upgrade like to Fighter II, when I go to place fighters out of reserves I still have Fighter I's in there being produced, once i upgrade to fighter II production shouldnt it produce new fighter II's then on not fighter 1's then upgrade them?!?!? or am i missing something...5.) my last complaint is there is not enough time in the day for me to play HOI4!!!! haha!  I am very pleased with it over all.  Thumbs UP!!!I look forward to all the mods, and playing into the 60's!! with Helicopters!!"
76561198126480838,Recommended,394360,26716525,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Colonel_Nuke,"This game is brilliant. You can change the course of history forever! As the German Reich I  intend to unite the world under the banner of facism.  The bolsheviks have been driven from mother Russia and Britain is mine! The 1000 year Reich streches from the Atlantic coast to the Pacific. In the west the cowardly Americans know their time is running out.This game has been so much fun to play and I highly recomend it, Roservelt will soon be shown the true might of my U-boat  fleet!"
76561198120671719,Recommended,394360,23717471,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,UnarmedTaco,One of the most downright addicting games I have ever played. In my opinion a vast improvement over previous Paradox titles. Fantastic game. Praise Lord Daniel
76561198169271535,Recommended,394360,23495888,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,cringey.meme,its pretty good but its kinda confussing and the tabs are a bit jumbled hard to play and the tutorial didnt help to much
76561198026294945,Recommended,394360,23441564,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Halako,China is too wide for my offensive lines
,Recommended,394360,24816794,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,☭Lavrentiy Beria☭,"If you like Histories then you have come to the right game. I will not spoil anything but all i can say is everything was in peace just a little while. Then everything went to hell. What Also cool is that you can learn few things about this game. The most funniest things in this game YOU ARE THE ONE WHO IS MAKING HISTORY!. Controling over your country that you choosed.You only have two choices Conquer the world or make peace to the world! Which one is the right thing to do ? It is your choice, make History :)Join the Axis or Allies IT IS YOUR CHOICE!I apologize about my english :P"
76561198201750593,Recommended,394360,23526436,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,hkmanus96,Donald Trump cant invade Mexico if Mexico is already part of the US10/10 would invade mexico again
,Not Recommended,394360,33393947,Posted: 8 July,all,FreezeHun,Good for a basic game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. Improves some things over HoI3 but botches up other things.Overpriced and DLC shennanigans.
,Recommended,394360,25085276,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Strategicus,HoI4 is the next new shining evolutionary phase of strategy games. Paradox out-did its own masterpieces Victoria II and HoI3 in this one game alone. The interface and gameplay are now streamlined and more intuitive - in such a way as to give Civ5 a run for its money!
76561198050455295,Recommended,394360,28466461,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Strifeboy,"Having a ton of fun, like the management part the most."
76561198127423901,Recommended,394360,28551127,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,bigmacattack924,114 mb dlc for 15 dollars suspiciousBut over all this game is really fun execpt when it decides to be broken and dosnt want to launch but that only happens when dlc come out and you buy it.
,Recommended,394360,24783057,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Comrade Skeletal,"Hearts of Iron IV is overall a pretty good game, but that's about it. The alternative history focus tree, which didn't exist in the 3rd one, is very intersting and opens the possibility for a better post-war scenario. But it's complexity is pretty reduced overall, after all you can't know exacly how many casualties you took in a single battle, compared to one of it's predocessors HOI 2, where you could know all of the material that got destroyed in a battle.The AI is very much broken. It has no idea how to encircle divisions, and many times you can round them without them even moving. It doesn't change the intial layout of divisions, making so that you simply can spam soft attack in your divisions and you'll win every single battle.The mods, as in any other Paradox game, are excelent and add new content to the game which makes it much more intersting.The interface is much more user-friendly than it was for HOI3 or 2, which I found much easier to learn, altought it lacks critical things, such as actual reports of casualties, as previously talked about.It needs a lot of work in order to make it a much more respectfull game, to even get in the knees of masterpieces such as HOI: Darkest Hour or Victoria 2. But it does hold a significant potencial, with the alternative history scenarios and improved UI."
76561198061333474,Recommended,394360,24831521,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,avenoobiddo,i loved this game. it is easy to learn but hard to play. Good work Paradox
,Recommended,394360,24871050,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kazakhstan,Started as France Germany declared war and had to reinforce the border. The Germans went through Belgium and then controlled Paris. 9.3/10 for historical accuracy
76561198132071003,Recommended,394360,25001370,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,conormatthews19,Awesome Game! It has brilliant gameplay and good tactics!
76561198039596944,Not Recommended,394360,25007711,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Italianolegend,The game mechanics themseleves are designed with the right intent but FFS the ai is mentally challeneged and makes the game virtually unplayable (unless you like micromanaging every single troop on a frontline) I'd hold off on buying until the lazy devs fix the spaghetti ai
,Recommended,394360,25014720,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Scout Esterhazy,Swag gaem 10/10
76561197980459516,Recommended,394360,25056717,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Madjamjar,"Well i like this game. I've never played any HoI games before.  The hardest thing in this game is learning how to do stuff.  My advice, watch some youtube videos first.  Stick with it. Eventually you get that eureka moment when you figure something out.  Then you find theres only a million other little things left to learn.  It is however worth it IMO.  Stick with it and you'll be glad you bought it."
,Recommended,394360,25306716,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MrAntonioRich,Sick Paradox!
76561198048402950,Recommended,394360,25313127,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,forestviews,Europe did Nazi me coming.
76561198074838335,Recommended,394360,25332100,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,armcfm,"This game is extremely fun, I am playing as Belgium right now and I have taken over France, Britain, the Netherlands, Luxemburg, Norway and soon to be Canada before 1941. I have to give this game 4.5/5 stars, there are some things I think they could improve on like maybe getting some pop-ups from your generals saying hey we should attack here or fall back to here, other than that this is one of the best RTS's I've played in a while. I would recommend it to any World War Two or gaming fan."
,Recommended,394360,25356234,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,virenex,Brilliant game! Really makes you enjoy this type of tactical grand scale warfare.
76561198286091380,Recommended,394360,25431429,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,TheEntirePopulationOfVietnam,"I love this game so friken much, owned it for two days already have 30 hours on it."
76561198006628558,Recommended,394360,25433421,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The Big O,"Really enjoy the game, have played a fair few hours now and would reccomend the game to anyone since it is so fun once you get into it, like i have"
76561198281892692,Recommended,394360,25441999,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Totalxpenguin,Amazing and very fun
,Not Recommended,394360,25448254,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Alfiie,"Very, VERY difficult without knowing what is going on."
,Recommended,394360,25622223,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,internet user,its much easier to become gigatrotsky now that they have patched multiplayer to not poop its pants when you move around multi thousands of planes
76561198036457568,Not Recommended,394360,25667694,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,miekerry,"Since the patch I have nor been able to load this game... waited for what two weeks to be fixed and nothing?  Great game, pitty I cant play it and get my moneys worth."
,Not Recommended,394360,25687201,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Beebz!,">Poland>Join Axis>Automatically lose half my country to the Soviet Union at a certain point, get absolutely no say in the matterWTF>Join war to defend Finland>Hold Soviets off for over a year>German AI does absolutely nothing>Moves troops to the border, doesn't order them to attack>250 (yes, TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY) German divisions in my region, 40 of mine and just 40 Soviet>No attack>Withdraws all German troops to Africa>Europe getting invaded>German AI stays in Africa>Get overrun>Poland capitulates>USSR invading Germany>Keeps all troops just sitting around in Africa>Game overThis game is extremely broken in terms of AI, wait until it is fixed. Paradox should be ashamed of themselves releasing a game which they knew was broken. Expect to see the AI fix be a DLC you have to pay for as well."
76561198082566746,Recommended,394360,25813191,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,{☭}BrianCatSter,"A very fun game the mods are great its not only ww2 you can get ww1 , cold war, modern day , and the american civil war are some ive seen you can also find independent states mods for america, canada ,and germany are some ive seen america is a good starter country becuase if you dont switch political party you auto win becuase the allies win if you arent the other countrys the soviets are a real challange becuase the germans are very powerful and germany is the middle becuase you have the soviets on the right you have to get past the english canel and if america joins you better hope italy knows how to go thru afrcia or you might not make it to the americas . japan you have to know how a navy works or you want beat america or even china."
76561198178310662,Recommended,394360,25839942,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,mtocastlefan,Really fun although recruitment takes a little while
76561198036165758,Recommended,394360,24182749,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,приветствие,WW2 simulation where you can spread communist and fascist to entire world.
,Recommended,394360,26740296,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,joeyk24,Everyone needs to calm down about the dlc price because they need to make money for what they are doing. They also need money for food and bills so if you think that a 10 and 15 dollar dlc will waste your money than be thankful you only have to buy it once.
,Recommended,394360,23436131,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sinon,"It's pretty damn great, you can nuke West German Hannover as communist luxemburg while being a Republican Spain puppet as part of the Commintern in the year 1950Do i really need to say anything more?"
,Recommended,394360,23456332,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Wyoming,">Starts of as USA 1936>Orchestrates turbulent civil war to become facist land of opportunity>Proceeds to take over the world, starting with North and South America>10/10 would facist the **** out of the USA again"
76561198030692773,Recommended,394360,23472136,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,zfrane,"Kinda new to writing reviews so bear with me. Hearts of iron 4 is a great step forward comapared to previous titles.Managment is simple and easily understood, overall army command is great you can assign the AI to help you manage your forces and its doing a solid job at it. While playing germany the allies were aggresive I liked that, constant naval invasions and air warfare over europe felt great. The new supreb feature was to be able to give volounteers to for example spain and japan helping with their wars which I did nationalist spain won by 1937 with my panzer group smashing anything and helping japan win in china by 1939. After that war against by USSR which was won by 1943 only bad thing here is you really need to push deep into russia desipte taking every mayor city and resource province which felt really tedious. After that USA punched in and got defeated finally by 1954. Overall a solid and well polished stratey game I would reccomend to any and new strategy fans. Happy huntin!"
76561198061293306,Not Recommended,394360,32873029,Posted: 27 June,all,RW_D!CE,I am desapoited about paradox HoI 4 is a great game but im personaly a Canadian and Idk why I only love playing as a Canadian in old HoI but in the 4 Canada is boring I bougth this game 40$ thinkng it will be a good investement playing Canada 100 of hours like old HoI but what Paradox gave me is a 3A game at 40$ that does not suport Canadian mod I have tried every Canada mod and they all charch my game aftrer 4 year in game or watherver and they realese a dlc that cost near 20$ to make canada a great contry to play so in total 60$ CAD i have put in a game I yould play 100 of hours I only have played 12 hours they are just destroing temself by doign that I will probably not get any new HoI game if they dont  change I rarely dislike a game but this one im just disapointed to waste my money like that
,Recommended,394360,23471250,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,lllHellCatlll,Nice game as well as EU IV
,Recommended,394360,23471425,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Partido da Imprensa Golpista,The down votes in a bloody nutshell:Butthurt HOI3 elitists.
76561198085653287,Recommended,394360,23834894,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,XxX_SwagMasterKid_69_XxX,The Only Paradox Game I managed to understand and learnt o play.
,Recommended,394360,28544917,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Erich von Manstein,Hearts of Iron 4... What a game hey?One of the best games I've ever played. Not my favourite HoI game but certainly one of the best.Dont listen to the people who cmplain about it not being like the other HoI games. They are just afraid of change.10/10
76561198294737323,Recommended,394360,35118199,Posted: 21 September,all,scarfyang,1.42了，还是不完善，东方战场的DLC不知道有没有。海战优势还很难化成路战优势。
76561198365958302,Recommended,394360,30315990,Posted: 4 March,all,MapCreatorYT,I PLAY IT SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198121723882,Recommended,394360,33075336,Posted: 1 July,all,Skippyo,"BEST MODS, Greatest mods, most remedous mods its terrific. your gonna love. this game has panmzerfausts and  GREAT GREAT WALLs my persenol favorite being the great wall of france. its tremedous your gnnoa love it trust me.... only dab tyhing is that the FAKE NEWS MDEIA OUTLET known as Paradox has sevelry underpowered the USA!!! iTS TERRIBLE!! #Covfefe #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGIAN"
76561198030869398,Recommended,394360,23496220,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jasturn,"Super fun, a bit of a learning curve from HOI3, but that is a good thing.  Once you get it, it is pretty intuitive."
76561198039258703,Recommended,394360,30979502,Posted: 6 April,all,IWIKU Ezio,"Amazing game, love playing it with my friends!"
76561198065426597,Recommended,394360,23450412,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Zapp Brannigan,"well my first game went like this. ( as Germany 1936 ) *also i've never played a hoi game so this is my first time with the series- build up my country through anchluss, eastern claims, slovenia, and taking all of the chzech.- invade poland ( so easy *except for taking danzig )- avoided war with uk, france early on- conquered lithuania, latvia, and estonia- conquered denmark- gained japan as an ally- gained an ally in hungary- went to war with ussr ( i won!!!! *the war lasted 8 months)- invaded france(this started a war with uk, us, australia, canada, netherlands, greece, and the puppets) i wanted to go around the maginot line so i sent a good chuck through belgium couldnt beat the belgians, wanted to flank the belgians so i sent more troops into the netherlands but wait... i cant beat the dutch either..... so i try one more time i invade switzerland and you should be able to guess what happens ...... yep i cant beat them either (TURNS OUT I HAVE A MANPOWER OF ZERO AND MY ARMY HAS NOT GOTTEN THERE UPGRADES * I SUFFER A PRETTY LARGE MINUS FOR MY ATTACKING AND DEFENDING ARMIES)- lost a very long and slow war"
,Recommended,394360,23451362,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Japanese rape Korean hybrid,epic
,Not Recommended,394360,32283987,Posted: 8 June,all,fucking mderna ssbaes,Why did they remove air supply drops? They had that♥♥♥♥♥♥in HOI3
,Recommended,394360,34836833,Posted: 9 September,all,Heinzrich Beanler,how 2 win ww2 as germanystep 1: immediantly declare war on belgiumstep 2: declare war on francestep 3: kill france from german belgiumstep 4: get 16 paratroopers and 16 transport planesstep 5: focus the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥on aircraft on british mainlandstep 6: deploy the paratroopersstep 7: in case that not all paratroopers make it get your entire army to the spots that they did make itstep 8: somehow ww2 hasn't ended because somehow swedwn joined the alliesstep 9: capitulate swedenstep 10: ww2 still goes on because uk puppet states across the entire planet have not capitulatedstep 11: use hacks and win because this is stupidstep 12: Alt +F4 but happy I got the achievement for taking over uk as germany10/10 would change frances flag to white flag again
,Recommended,394360,26343309,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spooktuckcasper,"A rather fun and addicting game, one could easily sink hours into this game, but it sports some massive flaws, chiefly of which; the AI.The game is fun and interesting to figure out, and to try new strategies and ideas with.But sadly, once you play the game enough, you discover the AI is more braindead than a lobotomized seal, easily losing most of its forces due to attrition and simple tactics of ""just throw everyone at the front"".  It never even builds tanks beyond what tanks it starts the game with, meaning that any player who builds any real tanks/focuses heavily on 'soft' damage templates will easily steam roll the AI even on higher difficulties.It is indeed a great game but it is severely limited by the braindead AI, and is much more fun to play in multiplayer against/with other people."
76561198015043797,Recommended,394360,28496368,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TheFawr,"This is simply the best grand strategy WWII game out there.Compared to earlier games in the series I think they have done very well at removing a lot of the pointless micromanagement while still leaving you with plenty of important decisions.  I'm also finding it suprisingly fast to play a game (its timeframe is much shorter than something like Crusader Kings, and that makes a big difference).There is still the occasional AI issue, but I've played games with far worse."
,Recommended,394360,30867959,Posted: 31 March,all,lee dollar sign$ horms,best game ever
76561198137226816,Recommended,394360,33074476,Posted: 1 July,all,"Mike ""LGBBQ"" Pence","Although I'm recommending this game, the vanilla is garbage. Devs didn't put any effort in making good focus trees. The new focus trees are all DLC when it should just be free. If you buy this game, I recommend downloading the mod ""Kaiserreich"" along with its music pack and to never touch vanilla. Don't buy DLC. If you do, just buy Together for Victory, as it adds useful features to the puppet mechanic."
76561198353226521,Recommended,394360,30911987,Posted: 2 April,all,=TRUE AMERICAN HER0=,Well what can I say the gameplay is fun a graphics are neat. At first you'll have trouble with Manpower or factorys but after a while you get the basics of the game and become a god.pros:-Nazi memes-USSR memes-solid game machanics-go nukes or go home-TONS of mods that are better than DLCs-I got it on saleCons:-Weebs-DLCs in general. Good thing though most dont effect gameplay-steep learning curve-AIs is meh but will Naval Invade the Hell out of you-Nobody actualy plays multiplayerall in all Nien/10 would invade poland again
,Recommended,394360,25520597,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,joerson_,"Great Board game, 10/10"
,Recommended,394360,25530251,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,xS1lver N Black,"A very good stragegty game that puts you in the command of many nations to pick from before and during WWII. The management of the nations is somewhat overwhelming at first but based on HOI III, this is much improvement that puts the administration at ease.Once you learn the basic controls from the tutorial, you will be off and running with much fun. I just started learning this game and so far I'm really enjoying the game."
76561198073420443,Recommended,394360,25454563,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Popicus77,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,394360,25527200,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,YEAh_RiGhT,best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198305790945,Recommended,394360,25455286,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Anklelint,k
76561198121203990,Not Recommended,394360,33642243,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,too lobsided
,Recommended,394360,33206081,Posted: 3 July,all,LMGoctopuss,is vewwy good game
,Not Recommended,394360,35338667,Posted: 30 September,all,Scoffslaphead72,"Its a fun game overall, but the DLC system is horrific. It's on the same level as total war where they just remove key features from the game and sell them for stupid prices. I'll only ever buy them when they're on sale."
,Recommended,394360,26526873,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,rin,"A rather different play on the very classic Hearts of Iron series of Paradox Interactive's games.+Revamped AI systems make the difficulty better for all player types.+Vast mod and workshop support really make the community vivid with creativity.+Easier, and much more controllable but not automatic controls over the game.+New supply system which confronts the player with dilemmas of whether to limit tanks or manpower on specific fronts or use it more strategically.+Trading system revamped with 'trade opinion/strength' and based on the resources those countries have and on their political standpoint.~Fascism, Communism, Democratic, and Non-Aligned groups, a bit iffy, but somewhat unbalanced at times. Fascism is the most beneficial, due to the manpower bonuses.~Invasion AI is a bit wonky at times, refusal to move against lesser enemies, refusal to cross rivers that have no men on them, just a derelict of aggressive action. I'd really like aggression stances imo.-The national focuses are a bit wonky, some take too long, and makes the game feel really belaying. And some are just generally not worth the taking."
76561198046036546,Recommended,394360,28894961,Posted: 1 January,all,TheMajesticJourney,"Hearts of Iron IV; was worried since I never played any previous versions before, saw great comments, so I gave this a try. After all, amazing game, very fun to play. You can command any country and could make it, democratic, communist, or fascist. At first, it looks very confusing with all these controls and buttons, once you got the hang of it, very easy and fun to play. I started out by watching tutorials on youtube. I Watch the tutorial videos by Praetorian HiJynx on YouTube.Note: I don't know why there are so many negative reviews, really fun game. I also recommend getting the DLC 'Together For Victory'."
,Not Recommended,394360,32510224,Posted: 17 June,all,Cobraman202,"Good game, ruined by bad, greedy DLC and buggy patches"
,Not Recommended,394360,32510254,Posted: 17 June,all,321neltaP,"£34.99 for a game that is beyond broken with typos and historical inaccuracies all over the place. Then another £18.00 for DLC that adds features (like a spearhead battleplan or production licensing) that should be paramount features in the base game and yet they're added as paid DLC over a year into the games lifespan.The AI is beyond idiotic with some fronts being straight up abandoned and endless naval invasions that force you to station half your army on your coast because you never know when Britain might decide to navally invade Rome from Corsica and your Submarines just decide to take a break that day.The game can be a fair amount of fun with friends and it certainly is addicting but it cannot in good consience be recommended unless Paradox fixes these fundamentally broken issues with the game.In truth, the primary reason why I still ever play it is due ot the fact that I've made a mod and I feel compelled to follow up on it as much as possible before I get too bored of the game.Don't buy it, watch a WW2 documentary on YouTube if you're that interested."
,Recommended,394360,28386845,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dziugas1959 | trade.tf,Together
76561198118393831,Not Recommended,394360,32522316,Posted: 17 June,all,wormggmm,"we need chinese, fuxk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,394360,24329972,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nord - youtube.com/Nord-su,:)
76561197997238000,Not Recommended,394360,23627139,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Duncan Idaho,"This game is broken.I love and trust Paradox and I know this game will, in the next months, become unbroken. HOI III was completely broken upon its release as well. You have to decide how to integrate this info, especially if you already bought the game. For me, I'm patient and I don't mind. YMMV.If you do mind, however, then at this point I cannot recommend the game.If you are a fan of alternate history, like Harry Turtledove novels, then the game at this point will not disappoint. For example: as Ireland in 1936, I quickly led my nation straight into a facist regime, allied with the Axis, and began a nuclear program. (Yeah, read that sentence again). This all happened before 1938. Afterwards. I used my enourmous international political influence to fund a facist coup in the USA; the facist American Empire was soon born in New England.Somehow this Facist breakaway nation was allowed into the Allies after the War started in 1939. Read that again: a facist rebel nation was allowed into the Allies. As a result, the US entered into war against the UK, Canada, and all the rest. The US promptly took advantage of this and made Canada the 51st state.Germany and its Axis allies swallowed up Europe, Italy became ruler of Africa, but Barbarosa never happened. The Soviet Union was content to invade Scandanavia and Romania. Pearl Habour never happened, probably because Japan had conquered most of China and India. The US teetered on the edge of facism due to my political influence.My influence. As Ireland. I thereafter built a nuclear factory in Belfast in 1943 and acquired nuclear weapons in 1944. Soon I'll nuke London just to prove what a fever dream this has been.Fun? Yes! Anything resembling history? NO! This is better than the time I conqured the USSR in HOI III with nothing but cavalry right after that game's release.Right now it's a relatively fun 1940s war sandbox. That fun won't last very long, however, without some serious work."
,Recommended,394360,31544951,Posted: 4 May,all,▶sudo,"English:Back when i was started playing Hearts of Iron , i jumped into with the 3th Part,  i was overwhelmed either by the opportunities and depth of gameplay to manage a whole county to its civil and military economy for success.Meanwhile playing the fourth Part well improved in details particular for casual Gamers, the Game offers a lot for have a great time playing it.German:Als ich das erste Mal Hearts of Iron spielte, es war der 3. Teil, war ich schlicht überwältigt von den Möglichkeiten und der allgemeinen Spieltiefe. Ein beliebiges Land in ziviler und militärischer Hinsicht zu wirtschaften und so das Schicksal des Landes selbst zu bestimmen, stellt meiner Meinung nach das ultimative strategische und taktische Geschick auf die Probe.Angekommen beim 4. Teil, mit vielen Verbesserungen im Detail und einer (für Casuals) besseren Spielbarkeit, wartet das Spiel mit vielen Stunden des rumtaktierens und puren Spielspass auf."
,Recommended,394360,29050976,Posted: 5 January,all,=WnA= Basha | 猫 |,Kagga is sh*t at hearts of iron
,Recommended,394360,30637151,Posted: 20 March,all,Platynius,"I liked it, it could be better, but whatever."
,Recommended,394360,30732739,Posted: 25 March,all,GloriousCock,Amık Faşistleri
,Recommended,394360,30228385,Posted: 27 February,all,putinreal,"is good,"
76561197999843054,Recommended,394360,23843595,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pelopidas,"I have seen a lot of negative reviews for this game that I think are off base and not helpful to people considering purchasing it. While there are some out there who are complaining that this game lacks the complexity of HOI3, the reality is that this is a positive, not a negative, fact about HOI4. I loved HOI3, but never had enough time to master its complexity. I could never quite figure out naval battles and so was unable to truly enjoy playing as a naval power. While there are some players out there who can invest hundreds of hours in to a game, most of us are more like me who may get one hundred hours total out of a given title. For us, too much complexity detracts from a game because we know that we will never be able to truly master it.HOI4, on the other hand, provides the joy of waging WW2 with just the right amount of detail. Whereas I always micromanaged every individual division in HOI3, the AI in HOI4 is of a high enough quality to trust to manage your defensive and offensive actions. Battle plans are easy to draw up and are lots of fun to watch play out. Additionally, unlike HOI3 the national focus trees allow you to play out your favorite alternate history scenarios without needing a mod.In short, if you like paradox games in general and if you like world war 2, buy this game. You will have a ton of fun."
,Recommended,394360,28393666,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ruski,Very good strategy and is easy to use and understand. AI can get funky sometimes tho... USSR is dad ;)
76561198145582627,Recommended,394360,30779738,Posted: 27 March,all,XxX_MLG_PEPA_XxX csgobounty.com,gud game. dank kush. some kids need to git gud.
,Recommended,394360,28393366,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Greg the Bunny,"A fantastic grand-strategy game that is complex, fun, and generates wonderful alternate histories."
,Not Recommended,394360,25374518,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,patt2129,so disapointed hopefully theyll fix it in a few years. For now its back to HOI3 with Black Ice mod
76561198088579875,Recommended,394360,26221741,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Mann,Yes...
76561198117004264,Recommended,394360,30439086,Posted: 10 March,all,A Sociopath,"This is Game is AMAZING, but your soul will be lost to it. (worth it)"
,Not Recommended,394360,30285133,Posted: 2 March,all,Varlen,"Want to play online with your friends? Enjoy reinstalling and deleting all your save files until you have the same game version with zero support from the game designers - apparently skitzophrenic altering of the games version from one garbled collection of letters to another (which, by the way, you have two of; one is the version of your game launcher, the other the game itself. Have fun with that) is some sort of feature for this game. Presumably the multiplayer is unlockable then, because I sure as hell can't use it. Sometimes you happen to have the same game version, others you don't.Roll the dice, play Hearts of Iron today!"
,Recommended,394360,25243610,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Behrans,"Does anyone ever witnessed to a successful Operation Barbossa? For God's sake what is the meaning of joining to Axis or become fascist, if Germany can never capitulate eastern front? I am playing with minor nations so I am a kind of an observer of the world war, I tried every faction in the game, Reich never won anything, they can not even attack to Norway or at least I never witnessed."
,Recommended,394360,30882822,Posted: 1 April,all,dreamangel,kys
,Recommended,394360,28511782,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jack157y,"It's a really fun game that I'd recomend to get on sale, as it isn't worth $40. Though you need a really good computer to even have the hopes of running it. I have an i5 6600/750 ti, and it can somewhat run at the beginning, but the end game is unbearable. 3 speed, 20 fps."
,Not Recommended,394360,24839153,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[RO] Dusty,This game is way to similar to HoI 3. Not a lot has changed. Even if the game had more depth it is plagued by poor performance on medium gaming systems. It stops to a crawl after the major conflicts start.
,Recommended,394360,30761784,Posted: 26 March,all,XplayerGR,Epic Game...!
,Recommended,394360,31255574,Posted: 20 April,all,Delta ET,"This is the one of the best World War II games out there, but it is not a perfect simulation. We are about twenty years away I say, but with Paradox it might only be a couple more."
76561198158390775,Recommended,394360,31245155,Posted: 19 April,all,paper plane,Great WW2 Game
,Recommended,394360,29237459,Posted: 13 January,all,Christoniaball,Pretty good game
76561198074924320,Recommended,394360,28896128,Posted: 1 January,all,icemanx,Think this game is the best WW2 grand strategy  and if u like WW 2 games u have to try it.( game still need some patches after new year 1.3 Torch is still a bit buggy after they fix that go fore it :) )
76561198252158708,Recommended,394360,31247858,Posted: 19 April,all,Exploding_kitten,"HOURS AND HOURS OF JUST AWESOMEyou can litteraly do whatever with the game, and with mods ou can rewrite history completly11/10"
76561198019911423,Recommended,394360,31248328,Posted: 19 April,all,dmush,Probably my favourite in the series (including HOI3). The only thing that needs work is the AI.
76561198240567496,Recommended,394360,31253811,Posted: 20 April,all,wow,"12 hours played, still don't know how to move units over seas."
76561198303122195,Recommended,394360,31247678,Posted: 19 April,all,SethTheGiant,"Is honestly one of the best strategy games i've ever played and is really exciting to play, especially if you like games of world war 2."
,Recommended,394360,32751769,Posted: 24 June,all,agentwisconsin,Good Game▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓████████████
76561198263088230,Recommended,394360,32119866,Posted: 1 June,all,Ross_The_Boss,J
76561198322251233,Recommended,394360,32753533,Posted: 24 June,all,Abraham Lincoln,"I must say that this game was worth the 40 dollars I payed for. I believe the dlcs are a bit overpriced, but what would you expect from paradox"
76561198147402430,Recommended,394360,29863684,Posted: 11 February,all,ADHD is a choice,awesome
76561198132912634,Recommended,394360,32448671,Posted: 15 June,all,Roblox death sound,this is like lasaga
76561198200855638,Recommended,394360,29861322,Posted: 11 February,all,DiamondSim,"Love this game... New addiction, worth the money"
76561198023270774,Recommended,394360,29865303,Posted: 11 February,all,[ Di ] Manko,Real good strategy game love it
76561198124258262,Not Recommended,394360,32792291,Posted: 25 June,all,NathanielWang,"Are you kidding me? After you play 20 mins or 5 mins, it will auto exit . wth"
,Recommended,394360,27195388,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bionic Pi,Significantly helpful for random geographic and historical trivia. Would dominate the world again.
76561198074458911,Recommended,394360,27194794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sorensson,it's a hella good game
,Recommended,394360,27178695,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ArmyDuck,"Great game, great successor to Hearts of Iron 3 !Makes the game alot simpler in order to get more players playing this amazing game !"
12134371847309183,Recommended,394360,27181270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zango,Pretty good
76561198021308169,Recommended,394360,28395639,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Shovel Lover,Shoveltopia NOW!This game changed my opinion of this series. Top Score!
76561198194244937,Recommended,394360,28396418,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dvogel,good
,Recommended,394360,28431591,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Aazey,coo
76561197999423410,Recommended,394360,28022448,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Adeon93,"One of the  best grand strategies I've ever played, a bit complicated at the beginning."
,Recommended,394360,24918576,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Crowley,Very enjoyable. Looking forward to future expansions/dlc. (For some reason I always play as Germany. O.o)
,Recommended,394360,27559804,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kapitein blauwbal,"*accidentaly walks through Luxembourg to attack Belgium*""Luxembourg has capitulated""Best game ever."
76561198049273746,Recommended,394360,24288004,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Malakas FC,This is a very good game i enjoy playing it but some times it plays a bit slow
,Not Recommended,394360,29044162,Posted: 5 January,all,Androsynth,"HOI3 was simulatenously one of the best strategy games in recent history ond one of the most flawed. It had terrible AI and huge micromanagement issues. However, it had a beautiful map, and a minimalistic UI that was perfectly suited to the game.HOI4 is one step forward, and ....hey HOI4 why are you walking backwards!?The problem with HOI4 is that the UI is horrid, horrid, horrid early 90s WWII-esque interface. Its heavy, full of wasted space and baroque textures; its overly dark; each element is surrounded by multiple lines, outlines, borders, spacers, etc. Its a visual nightmare.The map seems to be made exclusively for screenshots. HOI3 maps were fantastic. Go to any civil war battle page on Wikipedia, the maps (some of the best battle maps on wikipedia) will look like HOI3.As for the changes to the map modes, the tech and factory changes...its all lateral. The map modes were annoying to use in HOI3 because you had to switch between overlays, but mashing a buch of overlays together is not the answer. The simplification to tech is fine, but changing the way leadership and IC is distributed is pretty bad. Those were very well handled in HOI3."
76561198319729780,Recommended,394360,29599554,Posted: 30 January,all,Mr_Dimento,"Great game, but I hate when I spend 4 hours building online and upgrading my nation just for the game to crash and me to be unable to join back into multiplayer."
,Recommended,394360,26042894,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,=Ky1e1944=,10/10 Would make America great again
,Recommended,394360,26684856,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Coyote808,"The Hearts of Iron series has historically been extraordinarily complex and seemingly insurmountable to the typical gamer.  The game has been greatly streamlined with this latest installation but much of the complexities still remain.  To those that wish to take charge of a nation during the tumultuous 1930s era and guide it to victory, this may just be the best thing out there to sate that desire.Just keep in mind that the UI itself is not very friendly for people with color vision problems, however, there are many mods available out there to help those of us with the color saturation.  This is the case with most any game from Paradox Dev Studios.  The game is infitely moddable and a blast to play.  I give it a 9/10, if only for its reputation for complexity and lack of built in color vision settings.DISCLAIMER:  I am an unashamed Paradox fan boy and will be until they have done me wrong.  They consistently take a strong look at their games and provide support for many years after release.  Ever since Crusader Kings 2 (CK2), the polish of the games has increased immensely and has made me fall in love with them even more."
76561198032965303,Recommended,394360,27883089,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,minitank,martttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
,Recommended,394360,28450717,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mr.Yeong,"Best DLC , make this game improve a lot. Thanks paradox , hope next 2 DLC also give China a national focus and events to defend the japanese invasion. other than that, Soviet Union is the only big communist country around the world , maybe after ww2 some country like Laos , Vietnam , Cuba can change their ideology because its not easy to face major countries like France, United Kingdom and United States."
,Recommended,394360,28468516,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,The Proleteriat's Meal,-boot game up-pick Italy-watch 10 min video on YT and start playing-after five hours of uninterrupted playing at the gates of Paris grab a snack-forgot to pause and the French are in Rome feasting11 out of 10 would depression again
,Recommended,394360,28151756,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lil kayak,love it
76561198024010529,Not Recommended,394360,23789972,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mambooman,"Wow....what were they thinking with some of the design choices.  The franchise has always been alot of fun to play.  But, they need to get some patches out for this.  Tech, national focus, war system all are way to limiting.  Transporting troops over water is WAY to different than what it used to be.Can't recommend right now."
76561198258702374,Recommended,394360,25072053,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,✪ chuck,it is a great strategic game
76561198082373683,Recommended,394360,30005387,Posted: 18 February,all,The Jimmie Rustler,It's good
76561198070150131,Recommended,394360,26222393,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Shnik Shnak,Amazing game!!!!!!!!! Works well and is an accurate simulator for WW2.
,Recommended,394360,26985813,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erwin Rommel,Gr8 game 10/10
,Not Recommended,394360,26723459,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,lmaoraeden,"Only played a like a half hour, seems trash costs too much and doesn't have enough content"
76561198117074646,Recommended,394360,32085168,Posted: 31 May,all,Kaiser Frederick Willhelm II,"Great game with nearly endless replayability, even more so with the use of mods. 9/10"
,Recommended,394360,29832965,Posted: 10 February,all,Str8 Boolin,"Really fun game, can't stop playing honestly. The mods make it that much greater. DLC's aren't really worth it, but you can still have fun without them. I love making everyone fascist an taking over the world, just the usual. Already have almost 100 hours in the game and dont see myself stopping anytime soon. Great game, recommend."
76561198140846064,Recommended,394360,28394232,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GmanoftheGWN,"Why are gamers so entitled, its 15 dollars, in other words about an hour of work. If this DLC isnt worth an hour of your time then why are you even playing it? I think paradox is making some great improvements keep up the good work!"
76561198321675594,Recommended,394360,29751896,Posted: 6 February,all,MaximumOP33,"This game is a stradegy lovers dream. The best grand stradegy game ive seen so far for world war 2. the replay ability is amazing for me (over 500 hours online and off).DLC's should be free content, but hopefully you know that allready based off the other coments9/10"
76561198103515540,Not Recommended,394360,24960372,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,FriendlyRaider,Front Line of 180 Division? Only 1/3 will move when offensive line is drawn. The rest will run in circles.AI 10/10
76561198047596420,Recommended,394360,32630240,Posted: 21 June,all,dandrewburrows,This is one of my favort games!
76561198016946831,Recommended,394360,30757322,Posted: 26 March,all,Gjelpera,Great Game!
76561198173146166,Recommended,394360,32917761,Posted: 28 June,all,Jeremy Corbyn,"How to play any faction in hoi4. Research light tanks, declare war on country you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥ find weak spot in the line and drive the tanks straight into the capital. *country capitulates. Put troops on another border and repeat."
76561197975079778,Recommended,394360,32914136,Posted: 27 June,all,Link700,"Good game vannila, Great game when modded its a 4 out of 5 from me"
,Recommended,394360,32914609,Posted: 27 June,all,Saber,pretty fun game gets boring once in a while
,Recommended,394360,32917068,Posted: 28 June,all,HeinzJohann,"Very Good Nice Idea, But Too Expensive"
,Recommended,394360,25686559,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Crippling Weeaboo Autism,"So far, I think this game is pretty decent. I do, however, believe there should be some improvements.1st Suggestion: Put in some easter eggs. For example, there should be a UK party called the ""Sealanders"" and if you play as the UK, you have the option to become Sealand. Or you can have a setting where you can enable Sealand and place it close to the southeast of the island of Great Britain. ik people like me can do stuff like this and the suggestions below, but tbh, I'm kinda too lazy. xD2nd Suggestion: When you're in a world war and you have a lot of occupied territories, eventually some of those territories will inevitably rebel. Alongside that, you'll also get a lot more recruitable manpower from each territory (I think). What I would suggest so that you don't have to pull some troops out of a battle and simply let the enemy take a ton of those territories back, is to make it so that when there's a high amount of resistance in occupied provinces, garrisons are automatically produced in that province. That way, you don't have to get wounded units that have tons of attrition and can very much die out before they even get there into those areas to garrison.3rd Suggestion: Add a feature where you can access nuclear production and easily produce nukes. I found it so confusing to produce nukes that even YouTube tutorials couldn't help me. So, if we had a feature where we can easily access nuclear reactors in provinces kinda like air bases or rocket bases. Simply press a button to add production of a nuclear weapon. And in the provinces that have air bases, a nuclear reactor is automatically built once an air base is added. And vice versa.That's all of my suggestions and they're all optional. Thx."
76561198019149075,Recommended,394360,33298123,Posted: 5 July,all,Oberst,Best WWII SIM EVERNOTHING ELOSE NEEDED TO SAY
,Recommended,394360,33351607,Posted: 7 July,all,MangoMan,amazing simulator with so much more potential
,Recommended,394360,33350998,Posted: 7 July,all,Sнepнerd,"Wow! Paradox Interactive, great moves, keep it up. Proud of you."
,Recommended,394360,33353949,Posted: 7 July,all,GHOSTEYE,I love this game since i brought its a great statergy game as expected of paradox interactive and plenty of mods to go with it
,Recommended,394360,33356545,Posted: 7 July,all,EthanThePope,10/10 game in my opinion. Even though I just started out its still has become one of my favorites!
76561198112590587,Not Recommended,394360,33342830,Posted: 7 July,all,Buddhadhamma,"constant crashes on mac,"
,Not Recommended,394360,32209323,Posted: 5 June,all,fermii socii 🤔,actually the worst paradox game youll ever buyonly reason i can bear to play it is because friends force me
76561198088801249,Recommended,394360,24906008,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BigGreaseBall,10/10 probably one of the best hoi games
,Recommended,394360,25036019,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jihadi John,"NINE NINE, MINI HITLER SAZS GO BI IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,394360,23432957,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Salad,any game that can send australia communist is a good game to me10/10
76561198007267879,Recommended,394360,24305137,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Satris,I am very much enjoying this game.
76561198058343676,Recommended,394360,23753453,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,simo_the_master,"Yes, you could call it a ""dumb-down"" version of HOI IIIYES, it's still a fantastic game"
76561198092211659,Recommended,394360,24414692,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Der_Reichtangle,Mods will not appear in the game launcher please help
76561198120660539,Recommended,394360,31308954,Posted: 22 April,all,Ethanos,"I could regail you with a tale of my stint as the leader of Romania, but instead I will just tell you about the great overlord of Bulgaria. They are all powerful and all knowing.(help me I need political asylum)"
,Recommended,394360,28492798,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Prism of Random,"Very fun! Recommended it to one of my friends. I would reocmmend getting it. Very invovled, but not too involved."
,Recommended,394360,28493114,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KingConfusion,"I reccomend this game even through the bugs because it is a fantastic overall game. Sure it has some bugs, but it isn't as obvious if you have some core game mods. The only main problem is the AI."
76561198091227938,Recommended,394360,30031390,Posted: 19 February,all,Malmö_HS,"This is a review of Hearts of Iron IV vanilla (without the DLC), based on my experiences with the game. Hearts of Iron Iv is a fantastic game, and probably the easiest to learn out of all of Paradox's Grand Strategy games. You can literally play as any country on Earth during the time period, and even countries that didnt exist yet (such as Belarus and Israel), if you delve deep enough. It has an amazing and extensive community of modders, and has a high replay value. The problem i'm having now is that it has become too easy (even on veteran, the hardest difficulty). I can play some of the weakest countries (For example, Saudi Arabia), and do well. Better in fact that most, if not all, of the ""major powers"". This is due to, I find, the AI being quite predictable at this point in time, and that you can easily 'snowball' in this game. Once you have the mechanics down, and get a grip for how the AI reacts, I find that there is almost 0 challenge after the first major war, especially as a major. The only limiting mechanic to this for me is manpower. Playing as minor nations (such as the aforementioned Saudi Arabia), it is quite tough to take on large countries with almost endless manpower when you have so little. This adds an element of challenge to me, but I would appreciate more limitations. Despite all this, you should note that I have played this game a lot (I play offline often so the gametime on steam doesnt accuratly represent how extensivly I have played this game), so the average player should be satiisfied with the replay value and challenge. The DLC (Together for Victory), and any others added in future, will probably adress some of these issues, as well as add more content, mechanics and features to further improve this great game.tl;dr - Great game, highly recomend, However, I find that there is little challenge in the late game."
76561198354413898,Recommended,394360,28727430,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zcrasgreese,The game is good but AI and creating acoounts need patch. Worth the money i spent on steam sale.
,Recommended,394360,28734669,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jonny Sniper,"Okay game for usual Paradox fans, and a good game for strategy-based game fans.It's an okay game, because the basic technical issues have still not been fixed yet, by Paradox.They really should optimize the game soon for every platforms because the game lagging is a big problem in this, makes you wanna uninstall the game and go back to Europa Universalis or HOI 3."
76561197992260774,Recommended,394360,32132403,Posted: 2 June,all,raven_korea,"I am a Hearts of Iron fan from the first version and now with HOI4.  Graphics are fantastic, the production interface has improved and makes it a truly a thinking game.  What is disappointing for me is how the combat has changed, it now seems more arbritary in favor of the AI.  Air and Naval combat is present, but is of little impact except in establishing superiorty (which is only a mathamatical equation and is not realistic).I still believe that as a stategic/operational  game it is the best game availableI will keep playing and hope that future patches will address the shortcomings."
,Recommended,394360,28369374,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Aurora,"A brilliant way to experience the ""what-if"" scenarios of the first half of the 20th century.The AI can't stand up to a good player, but single player is interesting nonetheless."
,Recommended,394360,28366650,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Peritum,I personally think the game is great fun. This was my first Hearts of Iron game and I found it great fun.
76561198168543339,Recommended,394360,32428731,Posted: 15 June,all,ECFOX,"Love it, finally a game where I can be Mexican fascist dictator El Presidente."
,Not Recommended,394360,30817190,Posted: 29 March,all,Foxy Senpai,To be honest I dislike it on the soul purpuse the gameplay is (WAITING) and that the game dose not even show you how to play. The game is a bit hard to understand but still with some learning any one can get a hang of it but given how if you dont have time (GOT KNOWS WHY) to watch a youtube guide then good luck trying to learn the guide in game is one hundred % trash.One thing that also♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off about this game is the simple fact that ITS 40 DOLLORS!!!I can go on y8 or any other smaller site and find a game just like this with less BS controls and more important (FREE)40 Dollors is to much I'd pay like 10 for this crap to be honest 10 dollors seems good but 40??? How much crack do you have to be smoking to charge that much for some waiting simulator....(AND A GOOD OLD NO)I do not recommend this game to those not willing to spend the time to learn (Or) Just full on wasted money
,Not Recommended,394360,23425662,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Gruff,"DLCS like with every paradox game. Horrible, do not buy unless you want to spend 500£ on every game"
76561198032021427,Recommended,394360,32330321,Posted: 10 June,all,Frakel,I simply like this game
76561198110809029,Recommended,394360,32338679,Posted: 11 June,all,oliver577,Good game 10/10
76561197970520928,Recommended,394360,32476518,Posted: 16 June,all,Entropy Avatar,"I have a lot of criticisms of Hearts of Iron IV, and places where I disagree with the design choices. In a game of this scope, there are definitely going to be problems, particularly with the AI. However, I think the core game has made a lot of progress since release, and the mod scene is amazing. Right now I can't get enough playtime with the game, and I don't see how I could go back to version 3."
,Recommended,394360,32343943,Posted: 11 June,all,PropheticTeaching,"This game is amazing, and the replay value is far greater than what you'd expect from a traditional world war two simulator. Since this is so much more it just provides that extra bit of unexpected to keep things fresh. You can make the German Reich a democracy and still invade the allies if you wanted to, or become a facist Soviet Union and join the axis I mean there a lot of possabilities. The mod community is also great. If you are really interested in playing a minor nation they fill in the holes paradox hasn't filled yet and the mods (some of them anyways) are really amazing. Like Black ICE and Deluge they add so much content and change so much that it almost feels like your playing a different game. I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in an rts games, or is a general WWII buff.Replay value: 10/10Graphics: 8/10 (but these don't matter that much for a game like this)Intensisty on your PC: 9/10 (This game is very easy to run just turn off trees and a few other un-needed textures if it doesn't run smoothly already)Multiplayer 10/10 (It's always better to play with others)DLC: 7/10 (Its a paradox game so the DLC will always be great but it will always cost like 1/2 of what the game costs lol)"
76561198169960271,Recommended,394360,32478098,Posted: 16 June,all,King of Kings,Great game if you like big battle plans and your own special world that you create if its with Communism or Democracy or go Dark with Facism. only suggestion of a South American DLC the area has much potential and has been mainly over looked. otherwise greta Game and hope to see more Content in the Future.
76561198255691282,Recommended,394360,32328000,Posted: 10 June,all,zulubot,just a really fun gamenot much else to saywould recommend
76561198151380417,Recommended,394360,29735906,Posted: 5 February,all,Hemoglobin,Good.
76561198099815829,Recommended,394360,29667796,Posted: 3 February,all,Heinzy Guders,"I have to admit, after playing several games, most of the campaigns become similar. However, there's workshop mods which add some variety to you game. So, I feel like the workshop is the saving grace of the game, at the moment."
76561198120670766,Recommended,394360,29681326,Posted: 3 February,all,Swag,"Hearts of Iron IV is amazing for a while, and then the mods made by other people keep it fun. The only problem is it is a little slowpaced moving in hours and can take a lot of waiting."
76561198080802190,Recommended,394360,29560051,Posted: 29 January,all,Koray,"Just one word, Hectic"
76561198077199744,Recommended,394360,29763964,Posted: 7 February,all,"Derpy ""Muffin"" Whooves",10/10 would rule the world again.
76561198012854080,Recommended,394360,29764648,Posted: 7 February,all,Jasker1453,"One of though's Strategy game witch will make you want to play again but not after you learn how to play the game, i would also recommend this game to anyone who is intrested in ww2.8/10"
,Recommended,394360,32054968,Posted: 29 May,all,Slavic Psycho,Great game if you like WW2 history
76561198123099658,Recommended,394360,32470606,Posted: 16 June,all,LeetjeLeeLee,I love this game and the mods are amazing!
,Recommended,394360,30271920,Posted: 1 March,all,Artyom Petrovich,"Ayy, its pretty good"
76561198160981439,Recommended,394360,32097356,Posted: 31 May,all,I Survived: Hurricane Irma,Fun but horrible lag mid-late game
,Recommended,394360,32136308,Posted: 2 June,all,B B B B B,Its very nice
76561198057088850,Recommended,394360,23872847,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[2ndMA(A)] Rct. Shamwow Guy,"First game ever: Plays France-“Ima be communist”-Gets commie adviser-Tries to understand research-Tries to do army stuff-Brain begins to melt-Finally makes a front line-Poland gives up danzig, no war 0.0-Becomes a French commie-Mamma bear USSR is friend-Sweden and peoples republic of china become fellow comrades-Comintern stronk-Realizes that national focus is a thing-Rip 2 years of national focus-WW2 happens-France cant into Germany because I cant play the game right-mamma bear cant into Germany because Poland is in the way-french commune gets r*ped by Germany-french commune capitulates-commie France begins researching nukes somehow-Britain liberates French commune-France can into Berlin, except no because the peoples republic of china takes Berlin 0.0-WW2 is over, French commune stronk-mamma bear USSR starts ww3-mamma bear becomes closed economy-wtf is wrong with you mamma bear-rip oil for Comintern-Comintern eats Europe-USA begins to r*pe the Comintern-Sweden and France invade UK-London gets nukes 3 times-commie Britain happens-invades Canada-communist states of America happens in Alaska-France nukes every major and minor city on the USA’s east coast-massive invasion-South America is next-commie France has 44 reactors and 30 nukes-Comintern world conquest happens-Comintern stronk"
76561198005513566,Recommended,394360,23853500,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,supercool,"It is true what other reviews are saying regarding the game. It has been dumbed down a little compared to HOI3, but I personnally find it more enjoyable, since it has simplified a lot of the micromanagement tasks that made me stop playing HOI3.Real hit Paradox, I love the game."
,Recommended,394360,25937783,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The Azn Bear,"An amazing game. If you're a huge fan of history, particularly World War II you will absolutely love this game. Now for me, this game was worth the price. I bought it on sale for about 5% off. Not a huge sale, but a sale nonetheless. The game is very complex but not NEARLY as complex as its predecessor. I've played it for about 20 hours and I still don't know what the hell I'm doing. This game has a fairly weak tutorial, it will teach you most of the basics but in a game like this you'll need to know much more than just the basics to succeed. In any case, it will take you a while to figure out how to effectively play. My tips: 1. Assign units to Generals and set front lines and then offensive fronts. 2. The reason your naval invasion won't take effect is because you need to assign your naval units to scout ahead in the ocean areas in which your invasion is heading to, and because you have assigned too much units to the naval invasion. Start out with 2 units for each naval invasion until you finish researching more naval tactics which will allow you to set an invasion. Oh, and lastly you have to hit the arrow at the top of your general's head if you want your invasion to start. These are just a few of the things you won't be aware of when playing. One last thing, the mods. The mods are amazing. Be sure to get the millenium dawn and cold front mods. I am also in huge anticipation of the Great War mod. This is a very addicting game, time will fly by. Overall, it is an incredible World War II simulator. If you are a huge fan of World War II, History, Grand strategies, difficult games, and very complex strategies, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,394360,30137425,Posted: 24 February,all,stang.gang.55,this game got a lot of hate lately but its from ♥♥♥♥ who want too much outta a game its a good♥♥♥♥♥game and the mods make it even better
76561198050402382,Not Recommended,394360,30159823,Posted: 24 February,all,1LostMuffin,"HOI4 is a game that at first seems really fun. Take any country in circa 1930's and win the war in any or no faction. But the replay value for this game quickly falls away. Every game after your first will feel the same. The AI doesn't act differently between countries so the France's AI will act just like Italy's.Not only that but the game doesn't like you micromanaging your armies. In order to get the best bonuses you have to put your units in an army, set a front (more on those later) draw a line that the army will attack towards, but the way it handles your men is horrible. Let's say we have a vertical front (N to S). As you advance inwards your AI will say ""You know what? I feel like this unit WAY UP NORTH should go as far south as he can and loose all his bonuses as a result."" This happens on each and every front you make.Speaking of fronts. They're terrible in this game. If some how you end up pocketing an enemy unit or units, the front will keep going but will take half your army to wrap around this bubble of 3-4 units. It's really bad when invading major countries (France, Germany, Japan etc.) because there are so many units you will end up pocketing them. Oh BTW: did I mention the units taken off the main front don't automatically rejoin when the enemy pocket has been eliminated? Because they don't. TL;DR I regret buying this game and hope you can learn from my mistake"
,Not Recommended,394360,28915868,Posted: 1 January,all,A Man With A Tin Hat,I know it's going to sound rich with over 300hr on record but I can't recommend this game. Were EU4 keeps surprising and challenging me this game falls short.I love the battle plan system however they've used little imagination and two of it's best feachers are now behided a pay wall. Most of the national focus trees feel the same but with diffrent flavour text. UK for me has the most intresting Japans is wooful; the most intresting focus being being the diven wind.The AI after a number a patches is still bad. On max difficalty with any major power the war can be won by 1941/2. Air combat consists of spamming fighters at one another (which all have the same stats if Polish German or whatever) and navel combat is hardly worth exploring. The AI has the anyoying habit of spam as many divions as possable regardless of manpower and supply. leading to massive under supply in some of the most developed areas of the world.The best thing about HoI so far has been the amazing modding  scene which has but the developers to shame with if imaginative use of game mechanics and fluff. In fact most of the the hours I've put in have been in heavily modded games.I will be forgeting about this game for now. Go and play EU4 if you want a solid game.
,Recommended,394360,25937661,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Would You Like Fries With That?,"-Mr. Gamer, thank you for coming tonight.-No Problem.-So you've just bought HOI IV, is that correct?-Indeed. I even preordered it.-Ok. So take us through a session of this game.-K.So the first thing I do is:-TRAIN A DIVISION!-BUILD A BATTLESHIP!-BOMB LONDON!-CRASH INTO BIG BEN!-FORM AN ARMY!-SINK A SHIP!-ANNEX CRIMEA AS TURKEY!-DECLARE WAR!-SAVE THE WORLD!-SUPPORT AN ALLY!-FALSIFY ELECTIONS!-SPARK A WORLD WAR!-WIN A BATTLE!-OCCUPY A STATE-OVERTHROW A GOVERMENT!-MAKE AMERICA FASICT!-OR COMMUNIST!-♥♥♥♥ NAZIS AS FRANCE!-♥♥♥♥ ON STALIN AS POLAND!-NUKE AMERICA AS JAPAN!-DEMOCRATIZE CHINA!-RULE THE WORLD!-KILL EVERYONE I WANT!-KILL MY GENERALS!-♥♥♥♥ WOMEN!-LOSE THE WAR!-COMMIT SUISIDE!-NOW I'AM DEAD!-So,that's an average session, right?-No doubt.-K. I'm buying field marshall edition."
76561198054993640,Recommended,394360,29975935,Posted: 16 February,all,Waffle House at 4AM,"Nuked Hiroshima... 2 times, just in case they thought we were sorry the first time."
76561198305212896,Recommended,394360,28157198,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ryska.001,nice!
,Recommended,394360,27046495,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pigagorus,i lov paradox omg
,Recommended,394360,27050030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ech,"Well, never trust an A.I., play with a friend if you can, and be ready for a slog fest of fun!"
76561198114449324,Not Recommended,394360,29611473,Posted: 31 January,all,Joaquin546,its fun but crashes WAYYY to much for me to recommend this game
76561198079408448,Recommended,394360,29506450,Posted: 26 January,all,Heichou Kuin,"Spent a long long time looking for a good World War 2 strategy game, finally found it! Becoming a growing fan of Paradox."
,Recommended,394360,27610720,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gnikiv,gud gam yeis
76561198047594008,Recommended,394360,28448450,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Beat,"I do reccomend this game,  over all it's a good game. Great mechanics, Good UI Graphics and music and all is pretty good.The only negative in the game is the AI, it's horrible broken in battle and can be beat so easily. Paradox,  please improve theAI this game has immense potential and it's my favorite strat game of all time."
76561198354774254,Recommended,394360,31163938,Posted: 15 April,all,LJW-2020,good
76561198123066100,Recommended,394360,28029180,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pass the Salad,Hearts of Iron 4 is a great WW2 game. If you are a strong thinker and are able to plan attacks and wars or your just a very good Grand Strategy player than this is the game for you. It also has a strong workshop community.
,Recommended,394360,28450441,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,John Snus,"Such game much fun, but the AI is trash .."
76561198046507579,Recommended,394360,32340907,Posted: 11 June,all,B.McWane,Really awesome game
76561198029017392,Recommended,394360,32328051,Posted: 10 June,all,MonstreDick,Freakin awesome
,Recommended,394360,32343175,Posted: 11 June,all,RebelliousWaffle,5/5 stars. Super duper fun. Just a suggestion for tactics - play as USA. join Allies. Turtle up. TURTLLLLLLL
,Recommended,394360,31999948,Posted: 27 May,all,Be4st,Epic!
76561198372654471,Recommended,394360,32027362,Posted: 28 May,all,Hypercat64 (G.E.W.P),i luv it
76561198181940749,Recommended,394360,31998578,Posted: 27 May,all,SinfulArcher,"Hearts of Iron 4 is probably the greatest strategy game I’ve ever played. The game has deepest and most complex research and progression system in any game. It has so many different game scenarios that you can dictate; you can make America communist and join the comintern, rebuild the British empire and join the axis, and even create a new faction that will conquer the world. But if you want you can always turn on historical A.I. decisions and play out World War Two like it happened. Unfortunately with all of this complexity it does have a pretty steep learning curve that can be difficult to master, but once you do, you’ll be able to spend entire days leading your country through one of the darkest times in human history. Another personal downside I have towards this game is that Atomic Bombs don’t affect population levels or troops once dropped. But luckily with the AMAZING modding community this personal issue is fixed along with the desire to see this game in modern day and in The War to end All Wars. Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a little challenge and is willing to put a few hours into learning how to master the game’s unique progression system, gameplay style, and vast hours waiting for world dension to rise so that you can finally get more bonuses."
,Recommended,394360,32004731,Posted: 27 May,all,maxisbetterthanJIMMY,It was ok. Needs more customizability.
76561198353196845,Recommended,394360,31999306,Posted: 27 May,all,God,"Fun Game, AI battleplans can be atrocious and the Government policy settings are 2 dimensional."
,Recommended,394360,33022345,Posted: 29 June,all,LordVoldermortTrump,I drove a tank into moscow
,Recommended,394360,33022985,Posted: 29 June,all,MightyBeast43,"I absolutely love the game and suggest you buy it! If you are to buy it, though, you should probably get the DLC's. Sadly, the aspects of the DLC are behind a wall that you need to pay to get around. I was extremely disappointed with Paradox with their inability to allow the community these aspects. All the same, if you buy the DLC's the game is amazing and worth playing hours on.."
76561198245679842,Recommended,394360,33065405,Posted: 30 June,all,nathanwhb13,ign 10/10 would invade agen
76561198344561332,Recommended,394360,33299815,Posted: 5 July,all,qwsazxpoklmn,"If you ever wanted to see how the Soviet Union comprised of Afghanistan, Estonia, and Turkey would fair against the Fascist State of Australia, this is the game for you."
76561198120408868,Recommended,394360,31650887,Posted: 9 May,all,ChanChanPong(Mango™),This game is goodThis game is greatIf Hitler had this gameHe'd masturbate
76561197997848494,Recommended,394360,32947836,Posted: 28 June,all,Bukkis,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,394360,28201237,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MS Paint,the best game
,Recommended,394360,31872506,Posted: 20 May,all,Engineer Palpatine,I can rule the seas
,Recommended,394360,28209438,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Warden,i enjoy the game
76561198042520702,Recommended,394360,31940795,Posted: 24 May,all,Porcupine153,"The game is complicated at first, but once you get a hang of it the game is great. Two issues tho, Most of the time the AI is good but there are times when germany has 150 troops right next to mosscow and the USSR's stroops are all in finland but the ai didnt attack (yes they were at war). And navy invasions suck"
,Recommended,394360,32808275,Posted: 26 June,all,cammys2311,So I have only played about 5 hours of the game (at the time of the review) and have never played any of the previous hearts of iron games and can say that this is a pretty solid strategy game that will require a lot of skill if you want to attempt world domination. You will need to make sure you have resources and factories so you can create equipment for your divisions. I've not used the air force and navy aspects as much so I won't bother with them but I'd highly recommend the game for anyone who wants a challenging strategy game.
76561198032669207,Recommended,394360,33467914,Posted: 11 July,all,Wilford Brimley,"Undercooked and needs more seasoning, but still tastes good."
,Recommended,394360,26280004,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Magnanimous,Best grand strategy game I have ever played hands down
76561198198389189,Recommended,394360,33377662,Posted: 8 July,all,mrs mohan ghale,.
,Recommended,394360,33444235,Posted: 10 July,all,foxxo,yeah its ok
,Recommended,394360,32693318,Posted: 23 June,all,Papaccino Wheelz,pretty good
76561198164075893,Recommended,394360,33465095,Posted: 11 July,all,Tribune of the Plebs,1st game as German Reich I died to Austria. That was fun!Do buy this game :)
76561198277455537,Recommended,394360,33465627,Posted: 11 July,all,Spenic123,Great game except for the occational crashes or gliches
76561197973897623,Recommended,394360,33467825,Posted: 11 July,all,Nathan2000,"I honestly think this is the best grand strategy game to come out in a long time. And the dlc is great too, if only people weren't such pansies about buying quality content."
,Recommended,394360,29686343,Posted: 3 February,all,lordaleph,HOI4 is the best military strategy game I have played. It's Panzer General (1994) - but on heavy steroids ;)
76561198298520651,Recommended,394360,29767057,Posted: 7 February,all,allen.neufeldt,"Hello, I love this gaame Have spent allot of time going on over 500 hours now. I would like hearts of Irion to start earlyer in the game were it starts after WW1 start in the Year 1919 Janurary. in stead of 1936. To get your country in Poltics and Industry working before you get started on any army's . Just a Idea and have different options on leading the country Kings,Voting from people or just one leader.Jeff Neufeldt"
76561198101122235,Recommended,394360,31512757,Posted: 2 May,all,Patton,Best strategy game I ever played.
,Recommended,394360,32283159,Posted: 8 June,all,Braccar,"Hearts of Iron series is one of my all time favorite hardcore strategy games. Haven't had much time to play IV yet but from my initial tests; wow, what an upgrade from III. Well done, well worth the long wait *thumbs up*"
76561198068430609,Recommended,394360,29877916,Posted: 12 February,all,RebelEngineer14,A big stategy game that is easy to get sucked into for history buffs! My favorite aspect of the game is rewriting history the way I want it to be told in every different playthrough!
76561198087893634,Recommended,394360,32272578,Posted: 8 June,all,Honda,A very decent grand strategy game especially with the great war mod.Good community with great modsBeginner friendly game too..Must buy!
76561198321728468,Recommended,394360,32162839,Posted: 3 June,all,DrNickForLife,ROCKY LOVE
,Recommended,394360,23871109,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dailycomb,In every decision that you make you have to think about what the outcome might be and if it's worth it makes you think ahead perfect game for its genre.
76561198354819509,Recommended,394360,30802972,Posted: 28 March,all,Vaultlord10,this game is amazing you should get it
76561198053361424,Recommended,394360,24124067,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,cambirk,overall its a great game this is the first paradox game i have played.  it took me a few days to figure out the game.  its a fun game that i have been playing everyday for 10+hrs per day.  i like the production tab how you can sort between the different items you are producing.  its well worth the price in my opinion
,Recommended,394360,32423110,Posted: 14 June,all,Nik,"One of the Greatest Ww2 Games I have Personally ever Played. The only thing that Can outlast it is EroUniversal, wich unsuprising, is made by the same people. Its hard to get the hang of at first, But become a pro and its Really amazing!"
76561198054260299,Not Recommended,394360,32104832,Posted: 1 June,all,Bard,"This game leaves everything that makes paradox games great behind.- Little to no complexity.- No depth.- Incredibly easy, if you learn how to win 1 time, you will never lose again.- Extremely terrible DLC and not very inspiring updates."
,Recommended,394360,27317934,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,👻HazWin,You can enforce Lebensraum10/10
76561198129053724,Recommended,394360,31229834,Posted: 18 April,all,Édouard Daladier,G8 game
,Recommended,394360,32458095,Posted: 15 June,all,Harbinger of Sarcasm,yes
,Recommended,394360,32922048,Posted: 28 June,all,Hex,#driving a truck into moscow
,Recommended,394360,23560524,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,✠♆ L u c i f e r ♆✠,FOR GERMAAAAAAAAANY!!!! 7-1
76561198216876579,Recommended,394360,30157742,Posted: 24 February,all,Chad von Heiden,its ok
,Recommended,394360,29638640,Posted: 1 February,all,Nightmare,"Its pretty good, and by that i mean its amazing aside from the crashes i get when my mods are loaded but other than that is a great game!"
76561198077299123,Not Recommended,394360,33703022,Posted: 21 July,all,Lotte,A lot Dlc
76561198088935457,Recommended,394360,33046407,Posted: 30 June,all,The Regginator,Base Game = Fun but boring after a whileDLC = Overpriced trash you don't needKaiserreich Mod = The reason to buy the game
76561198158379510,Recommended,394360,33055141,Posted: 30 June,all,tlhoekstra,It was fun But the Ai was a bit weak
,Recommended,394360,33144026,Posted: 2 July,all,Flying Fortress,"Hearts of Iron IV is my favorite game ever it is a real time historical grand strategy game about the events that lead up to and happened during WWII, you can play singleplayer or multiplayer and it will be just as fun. It has infinate replayability, with 17 major countries and another 100+ others you can choose to follow history or make your own alternate history. Not to mention the game is still making DLC and mods like Millennium Dawn, The Great War, and Kaiserreich which make it a whole new game. I recommend it to everyone."
76561198021149836,Recommended,394360,33151588,Posted: 2 July,all,...,Good
76561198068918087,Recommended,394360,33046861,Posted: 30 June,all,Deceptive Walrus,lots of fun with a good mod community to keep it fun once you get bored of ww2
76561198095235121,Recommended,394360,33054510,Posted: 30 June,all,Clean your room bucko,"great game, i didnt enjoy playing rts games until i got this one"
76561198162343313,Recommended,394360,30720484,Posted: 25 March,all,Modesty,재밌다
76561198137895747,Recommended,394360,24328089,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SpencestTheGreat,"I really liked the game. It was hard at first since i never knew how to play it but now its very fun. If you never have played a RTS game, it can be quite challenging. But I really love it.EDIT: Still like it but don't like what paradox is doing, focus trees should be free for everyone or be in the base game at release."
76561198030785801,Recommended,394360,27415085,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[ϟϟ-Schütze] CaptFreak 101,Probably one of the best strategy games around.
,Not Recommended,394360,25912048,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rhaegor,♥♥♥♥♥AI.
,Not Recommended,394360,29085853,Posted: 7 January,all,lopo tevas,I played this game on my laptop and it was good. But i got a brand new pc and if press on a unit the game crashes
,Recommended,394360,27599450,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,And0 Calrissian,"All in all its an over simplified version of HoI3 and the AI leaves a lot to be desired, ie. poor or nonexistent amphibious invasions, illogical or self destructive navel and air strategies and endless wars in Sub-Saharan Africa. That last will drive you mad, although with patches the AI (at least in some areas such as navel battles) has improved. All that being said I am still a huge fan of the game. It looks great and even though it is more bare bones then HoI3 was, especially with the DLC, it's still a lot of fun. Considering both the + and - I would still recommend this game, especially for any military strategy fans, if you're so inclined wait a few months for a sale and what will be a continuous stream of DLC and subsequent free updates."
76561198283865894,Recommended,394360,33323649,Posted: 6 July,all,COS BILBY,"proboubly my favorite game ever, its like absolutely amazing, but i do have to say there is a lot of DLC spam and the DLCs dont offer as much as most mods do, so like fix those DLCs"
,Recommended,394360,32750549,Posted: 24 June,all,"""Salt""","Not gonna lie, from what little bit I was able to play the game, it was fantastic! A brilliant RTS! Unfortunately my potato pc couldn't run it to its full potential..."
76561198007087169,Recommended,394360,23562356,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,YemG,"It is alot fun but random crashes after 1940. I haven't seen a game that pass 1942 without crash maybe playing 6 hours nonstop is heavy for the game but meh.Also medium tanks are love, medium tanks are life.As France I pushed entire german line with 4 division of medium tanks(Division brigade: 4 medium tank, 2 medium tank artillery, 4 motorized, Engineer and Maintenance Company) and some garrison infantry. I have seen 650 damage per medium tank divison melting germans like butter.Don't waste your time with light tanks they are worthless. Ignore tanks till you unlock medium tanks. Always go fascist couse it is the best."
76561198027673357,Recommended,394360,25316500,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,FeldMarschallBravo,if you want the full experience of ww2 at the national level this here is your ticket!
76561197971509345,Recommended,394360,25319574,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Megaleif,Well this time the multiplayer actually works
76561198140965978,Recommended,394360,28993092,Posted: 3 January,all,II Thundarr II,Very fun game if you enjoy history and WW2 specifically this is the game for you. If you like strategy games and want to get into RTS and grand strategy before CK2 this is that game for sure.
,Recommended,394360,30582229,Posted: 17 March,all,Foamygogo,gutt
76561198084424502,Recommended,394360,30714629,Posted: 24 March,all,RiverOcean,Really fun
,Recommended,394360,30929006,Posted: 3 April,all,WorldWarInfo,Hands down the best World War Two game that I have every played. It is if Risk and Civilization had a child with more advanced controls. Don't worry you can pick up the controls in a day. Warning: If you computer is around ten years old then Hearts of Iron Four may crash a lot.
,Recommended,394360,31338445,Posted: 24 April,all,sea lion,i like the multiplayer
76561198112368631,Recommended,394360,31347229,Posted: 24 April,all,MountainJew,"AI could use some fixing. Can't count on two hands how many times I've driven a tank unopposed through Berlin, Paris, Moscow, or Rome but other than that this game is spectacular 9.8/10"
,Recommended,394360,31350650,Posted: 24 April,all,Teh Neko Gaymer!!!,This is a fantastic Grand Strategy game!
76561198199025487,Recommended,394360,33655828,Posted: 19 July,all,BlueFedora,"This game is really really fun if you know how to play, it does take some time to learnif you want to buy i suggest you watch a gameplay and learn the mechanics of this gamemany people complain about the DLC and its pricethats what people dislike about the game"
,Recommended,394360,33664317,Posted: 19 July,all,tylerorsomething,"You don't, yes, indeed you do not, need to buy the DLC!I get it. The DLC is overpriced. The DLC is unnecessary, as you can get a mod for pretty much all the added content. The DLC policy is bad, and parodox should lower the price of DLC. But here's the thing. You don't need to buy it!Fun game, alright AI, good modding community, and Isorrowproductions is my lord and savior."
76561198260930680,Recommended,394360,33690208,Posted: 21 July,all,AMO_2025,Great game! I have played it I be and over again on single player and when you join multiplayer the possibility are end less.
76561198092571202,Recommended,394360,33769939,Posted: 24 July,all,Nikola Tesla,"Great game.  But I wish dlc were free, but in all this is one of of my favorite games of the year."
76561198038207371,Recommended,394360,23574166,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Blueshirt,"Huge fans of Paradox game. EU (1k+ hrs) and CK (1k+ hrs) were close to pefection. But not too much of a  fan boi to say Stelaris wasa bit of  a disspointment mid game.Regarding HOI, I tried t play HOI3 and was totaly overwhelemed and confued. I personally do not have that much time in my life to try to figure out a gme like that. Maybe it was better for some but for me, Icoud jump in  a learn on the flyOtherwise, this is a great game, much more appochable but still kinda lacks a mid-game. Unless it was because GErmany owned everything and never went to war with Russia. I, as Italy, own UK, all of Africa, Yougosolvia, Greece and Jeruselam and Suez Canal. I'm dropping atomics bombs like ther are caandy falling from a pinata. Doesnt seem to faze them that much. Next, I blow up USA. 10/10"
76561198023442101,Recommended,394360,23753153,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jones[5thGA],This is probably the best WWII grand strategy game i've ever played where it has a learning curve but it is not too complicated coming from the supreme ruler series where victories are pretty much straight forward while also the game gives you a option to change history such as the Germans befriend the soviets and other things like that but if is was going to rate this it would be 8/10 my only problem would be sometimes when invading poland south africa drops almost 15 division and others come to their aid if you wait far too long making it feel that the A.I start or produce an unfair amount of units.
,Recommended,394360,23847685,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,StalinCare.gov,"Pros-has that real civ ""one more turn"" feel-you can play as any county that's on the map-lots of optionsCons-the AI (I had to hold off The french and the British as Italy while Germany could have rushed Paris easily)."
76561197977240959,Recommended,394360,23882732,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RaptorJesusOG,Not the best strategy game.But the best WWII Strategy game from the current era.Just buy it.
,Recommended,394360,24460625,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[N☼J] Rhopsawy,Feat. Mussomemi: Puppet master
76561198042168275,Recommended,394360,24470941,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,tylergoldman,the game is fun but even with historical ai turned off nothing really changes. britain always allies with france japan attacks china etc. i played as germany once played friendly with the allies and only attacked russia and the allies declared war on me after refuseing to join anti comentern pact. also playing any south american country has great potential but usa will instantly join allies and intervene in all those wars so you end up fighting the whole world even though none of these nation are alighned. and if under monroe doctrine usa is guarenteeing independance of all the nations down there then why would they choose a side if its a strictly south american war? hell i even stage a communist coup on brazil then invaded as a democratic venizulala and still got attacked by america. im just saying if ai is none historical then stop all the same history playing out. further i think it would be cool if you had a make your own nation in this game similar to whats in eu4 thatd be sweet
76561198030912594,Recommended,394360,24704736,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Riganthor,"Hearts of Iron 4, I have so many hours into this game but I couldnt be more split on what kind of score to give it, To explain why I will give you a breakdown what is good and what is bad about this game here.+-battle plans make it much easier to plan attacks. In previous games you could give the ai focuses on what to attack and nothing more but this battle plan works much better but it isnt perfect. it has its flaws, like the AI doesnt know when to retreat, how to reinforce possitions and for some reason somtimes 1 unit goes forward on its own, like in a straight line. Also battla plans can be dangerous for the AI ignores things like forts (the maginot line) which can make your troops mash their heads upon this reinforced line forever.+ airplanes: now this point is very possitve for me for in hearts of iron 3 I always forgot I had these but now with this map mode and better ui contoll of the planes no more of that! This is a flat out improvement° National focuses, even though many nations do have a generic focus tree (a shame) those who dont can have a lot of fun and even the generic focus tree can make things change a lot, like changing china to fascist or Germany to democratic is all a thing you can do. THe national fous tree does need some more work though as some decissions (the atalntic wall as germany) are missing.- The ai: My biggest bug bear with this game, the AI. You remember the AI from hearts of iron 3? that guy retreated out of pockets or reinforced weakspots, well not naymore. Tha aia doesnt recognize pockets or dangerous situations. better said it doesnt know what to do when it gets pocketed, AT ALL! this is a major issue for a strategy game and they have to fix this. Also AI germany loves to be at war with denmark, france and the USSR at the same time :S.- naval invasions: they have fixed this a bit, the time has been reduced but dont expect to see japan island hopping, or do any naval invasions at all! This is an issue that needs to be fixed. not to mention how easy it is to get inot |England, just invade Galloway, its never defended and fight 3 english divisions.+- nukes: while they do lower national unity and the explosion is amazing, it doesnt damage the unit in the tile and the industry in the tile is hardly damaged and population doesnt go down, what the hell?!?! this needs to be changed for this isnt how a nuke works.Overal this game is... well inbetween for me. with mods this game is amazing and much better then hoi3 in my eyes but the vanilla game needs lots of work. So right now I would reccomend you to lower your expectations and look for some good mods or wait untill, at least the ai is fixed."
76561197981973419,Recommended,394360,24729555,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,JuX,"Significant improvement over the predecessors overwhealming complexity.The fixes since launch have made the AI's a bit harder to combat in open war, but their lack in plan predicting enemy offenses often makes their empires crumble from well placed attack. Well as they tend to have naieve approach towards their enemies that aren't in war with them and practically leaving borders undefended. This can be exploited by joining a major faction such as allies to cause instant-declaration of war on them, leaving them no time to prepare defense (Otherwise you require justification of war, which provokes them to raise defenses).Yet to try out aspects of the multiplayer, but id imagine coalitions of minor nations with friends or player vs player gameplay should make interesting alternate histories. As even unhistoric focus gameplay can be drastic.My most disapproving factor is the sort of lacking end game. Should you beat german in history manner or similar other fashion. The Cold War is officially begun, as you muster forces along the soviet and allied border. However there doesn't seem to be any politic events for this, nor anykind of advancement to progress. No proper nuclear missile branch (just the bomb variant) and patriot missile arms races. Jets are the only factors in absolute endgame (just a better plane in stats).There is possibilities in modding so long as there are willing modders, there can be plenty of variation to fix this issue in endgame.Minor nations such as China can be satisfying to play, as their disadvantage in the technological arms race is significant. You must make decisive decisions to be ready for war, as well potentially turn towards unexpect alignment, such as fasism or democracy. Perhaps even to a super power hell bent on world domination to form your own faction.There are plenty of features to speak of, which as solid and good, but do not really require explaining here."
,Recommended,394360,28996479,Posted: 3 January,all,KiwisFly,Easier to understand and get into than Paradox's previous HOI titles this game still offers a level of detail that I have not gound in any other WW2 game where you can play as any country in the time period.  Such a worthwhile purchase.
,Recommended,394360,29000470,Posted: 4 January,all,Panzer VI,"A really nice grand strategy game- either spread democracy, communism or conquer the world as facism in the WW2 time period. This game has A LOT of replay-ability: I mean a lot. You can play one game, and the AI will do some amazingly stupid but awesome stuff (for example, Switzerland joining in the allies when Germany and Italy have complete control over Europe!) However, the only real downside is that artillery = win. And there is even a army doctrine focused on it.EDIT: It also does feel a bit easy, so if you do find that, like me, try the mod Black ICE, which, well, makes it not simple :)"
76561198049093949,Recommended,394360,29001770,Posted: 4 January,all,limmper,Probably the best game ive played hard to get used to and fun with mods would reccomendbut it does lag late game
,Recommended,394360,29002238,Posted: 4 January,all,[56th]Bennett,"This Game is Brilliant, Yet it does have its cons. With this game you can alter How World War 2 Went, Weather that be Germany winning or Luxemburg Becoming a Global power!  And even if you are more into Stratagy you have it. You have the Politics, Military, Economy and Reserch. All these combined makes you feel like you are in charge of your nation and that you must keep everyone happy while mentaining a Strong force in the Military.However there are some cons such as this major one, The fact that the Fighting Mechanics would fit a World War 1 Setting due to Frontlines Ect.Overall, I think this game is Worth Picking up on sale and not at Full Price."
,Recommended,394360,30065192,Posted: 20 February,all,Communism,I love this game! It is very hard to learn the important buttons at the begining (or I just suck at life) but otherise I love this game!
76561198090521406,Recommended,394360,30069721,Posted: 20 February,all,August von Mackensen,The game should make stalin better
,Recommended,394360,30582132,Posted: 17 March,all,BagO'Bones123,This game is great I guess?
76561198029752210,Recommended,394360,30582467,Posted: 17 March,all,No meme zoney,22
76561198254609054,Recommended,394360,30712304,Posted: 24 March,all,[Virgin]ia,DAnk game
76561198203398720,Recommended,394360,30712931,Posted: 24 March,all,JUCIY DOGGO,yes keep it up but fix pls
76561197977186288,Recommended,394360,30931638,Posted: 3 April,all,XtraChrisP,"What can I say about this game...That it is an all-engrossing black hole of productivity?That ""just-one-more-turn"" has turned into more 3am nights than I would care to admit?That as much as I want to try other nations I can't get past the rags-to-riches US?That there are few things more satisfying than encircling a large army, waiting a few days for their supply to run out, and then crushing them with armor, watching with more glee than is probably approriate as your enemies' casualty count climbs through the roof?There sure is a lot to love about this game.  Well crafted to appeal to the perfectionist in me, I get way too into managing production lines and keeping track of statistics.  The graphics do just enough and the satisfaction of a naval invasion well done or a naval battlegroup well composed wreaking havoc on enemy shipping is just right up my alley.Absolutely no action to be found here, this game is none-the-less very addictive and satisfying.  Highly recommended, but I would advise that you have a couple days without responsibility lined up, because once you get in the thick of things, you're not going to want to come up for air for quite some time."
,Recommended,394360,30947426,Posted: 4 April,all,LaserWolff,If your a fan of the Civilazation series (like me) than you can call this game a more millitarized and realistic version of that. It is one of those kinds of games that takes you 5 games before you realize how to actually play the game. The way combat works just makes it so satisfying when you role over Poland and their helpless little army.ProsImmersive combatYou can play as literalyANYcountry in a WWII scenario (including guatamala if you want to)Great research systemThe whole factory systemThe political systemNational focuses which provide you interesting bonuses and effect the world.Anything can happen including Poland allying with GermanyConsThe automatic battle system (a lot of the times you have to control your divisions automatically but it is cool when it                      works)The UI is a bit small and can be hard to read sometimesVerdict: 9/10 Would ally with natural enemies again
,Recommended,394360,31005554,Posted: 7 April,all,Kennanjk Aka Larry,I love
76561198194984305,Recommended,394360,31007287,Posted: 7 April,all,Nuclear_Fusion,"This is an aamazing game and I've had a lot of fun playing, I totally recomend this game!"
76561198108790749,Recommended,394360,31007435,Posted: 7 April,all,SynomyN,"Great, fun game. Mechanics maybe pretty hard to get a hang of at first, but its a paradox game so you should expect that anyways. Always industrialize!Play with a few mods as well, some I recommend for all players are as follows:Bigger Production Menu, Coloured Buttons, Full AI overhaul, Strategic View Adjustments.Those mods just make a few graphical and UI changes, with the exception of the AI overhaul, which just keeps the game fresh.There are a ton of other mods to get as well to fit your taste, which is a great part about this game, if your bored, look around for some mods! You will find something you love."
76561198169139545,Recommended,394360,31178612,Posted: 16 April,all,Canadian Faggot,i start playing at 7am i play for half an hour to find out is 2pm and want to kill myselfits a amazing game and you will put hours into it without even realizing it
76561198151682459,Recommended,394360,31185029,Posted: 16 April,all,Braden5512,It would be cool if there was a change sides opshion.
,Recommended,394360,31187903,Posted: 16 April,all,[SPQR] Boris Todbringer,"Very detailed game, needs more story tho. #needsmorestory"
76561198041736822,Recommended,394360,31334030,Posted: 23 April,all,BOT Mark,"One thing I learned from this game is to never trust an ai general.Other than the somewhat broken AI, the game is good.Highly addictive mechanics, packed with contents.Start from 1936 and you can build a huge army, accomplish the unthinkable.Start from 1939 you can be as tactical as you want and win the war with given resources.Oh and here comes another issue, there are just way to many divisions at the end of the game. Old divisions can never be swept out unless encircled, and new divisions are constantly under traning. It becomes rather dull to watch your 500 divisions  automatically take over enemy territories under max speed."
,Recommended,394360,31344932,Posted: 24 April,all,Bonjour,"pretty good, bit complicated"
,Recommended,394360,31346662,Posted: 24 April,all,kyo,"Very good game, some minor bugs here and there, but overall, its very nice and easy to learn. The game pretty much plays itself during wars, so I can go and eat dinner while my forces are blitzkrieging through the maginot and come back to find France gone. 10/10 would blitzkrieg Poland again."
,Recommended,394360,30063924,Posted: 20 February,all,Apples1215,Awesome just Awesome
,Recommended,394360,30583572,Posted: 17 March,all,Gectobo'Staffen Shmeebles,"At 225 hours, I now feel able to reveiw this game. The perfect game to learn the world map circa 1936/1939 and unleash the most stereotypically friendly countries' wild sides. While playing the first time is akin to being asked to fly a fighter jet, but just like flying a jet you will learn to do pretty cool loops after dieing twenty times... on easy. Three horrible aspects that make the game more tedious is the generic focus trees for less important countries (or paid DLC content for new trees), United Kingdom's rapid fire naval invasions, and guarantees from France/UK, who are in the Allies, which prevent my Neo-Ottoman Empire (Fascist Turkey)'s glorious expansion into Greece without starting the main conflict of WW2 (Axis VS Allies).I've not got multiplayer to work and the mods are almost entirely meh, or crap memes, and they add DLC instead of fully fleshing out main parts of the game, but it's good and I've had fun.. and that's what counts."
76561198021956024,Recommended,394360,31006152,Posted: 7 April,all,Ryan,"If you like Axis & Allies the board game, then you'll like this even more."
76561198101023398,Recommended,394360,31185739,Posted: 16 April,all,Alan Rails,Why do I like this game?Latvia's Facist Nickname - Empire Of The Thunder CrossBhutan's Facist Nickname - Empire Of The Thunder Dragon
,Recommended,394360,31191496,Posted: 16 April,all,TheVaultguy77,"Great game, no major bugs to speak off.pros-You get the opportunity to prepare the country of your choice for battle in ww2.-easy to learn, hard to master-historically accurate-hilariously inaccurate if you let it be-good graphics-fun to play with friendsconsmajor fps drops when lots of units are in play (200+)unbalenced countries (Damn you allied navy!)still a great game, worth it even not on sale"
76561198341875973,Recommended,394360,31357539,Posted: 25 April,all,BadassBread,It's a great game...shame half of it is paid DLC
76561197975726332,Recommended,394360,31623121,Posted: 8 May,all,argonak,"Hearts of Iron IV is not without its flaws, but as a whole it is a very enjoyable ww 2 grand strategy game."
76561198118159136,Recommended,394360,31858891,Posted: 20 May,all,[FL:RP] Wolfie,"This game is like the grandpa of Strategy games such as Company of heroes, Men of war, Or steel division and i am lovin it that it is such an addictive game but yes the Minus sides are still that the AI is quite terrible :("
76561198026126384,Recommended,394360,23463121,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Salt Density,"Plenty of other people have talked about the features they liked and disliked, so I'm simply going to respond to some common criticisms I see-""HOI4 is not a complex as Paradox games""This is correct. However, what those people DON'T realize is that complexity =/= depth. HOI4 has depth. However, unlike HOI3, that depth isn't blocked by an awful, unintuitive UI. HOI4 is admittedly lacking a few features (intelligence agencies is one that comes to mind) but it is MUCH better than other Paradox games at launch and I can only see the game gaining depth, and with Paradox's apparent new focus on accessibility (see: Stellaris)-""Only the major factions have dedicated focus trees""Yeah, as if Paradox is going to write 100+ focus trees for individual nations. This is something that will be fixed by DLC and mods. It is certainly not a valid reason not to get the game.-""The AI is bad!""The AI can be bad sometimes, but at others, it can be great. It's inconsistent right now, but the fact that the AI CAN make good decisions proves that the capacity for good decisions exists. Patches will likely improve the consistency of the AI, and even if it doesn't happen soon, the AI is good the majority of the time. Besides, there are already mods that improve the AI-""The game has poor optimisation late game!""This one is the only valid complaint, and again is likely to be fixed by patchesI think that's most of the criticisms. The people who ""played HOI since HOI1 and think it's utter casual trash"" can go suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've played since HOI1 and this game is great. It's simply nostalgia vision talking, you forget the dozens of  hours it took to fully learn the ♥♥♥♥ing mechanics of the earlier gamesIn my books this is a solid 7.5/10 and it's only going to get better"
,Recommended,394360,24735399,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,the flying ace,would conquer europe againtannu-what?
,Recommended,394360,33681353,Posted: 20 July,all,luxembourg world conquest,It's great until you realize your computer is trash so you fast forward at a rate of 1 hour per second.
,Recommended,394360,30074950,Posted: 21 February,all,PopeKids,"Hearts of Iron 4 in a few words?This game is not like any other I've played before. You need to be strategic with every move you make because it can ultimately decide the fate of your country.This game takes time to get into, but when you do it's hard to let go.The feeling of driving a motorized division into Moscow (undefended of course) is beyond compare!In all seriousness, this game is worth the money. The community is really helpful if you ever fall into the grasp of Hitler.The game itself plays good and is time-consuming.Be ready to sit down and not get up for 3-6 hours trying to defeat the world with MONGOLIA."
76561198059218284,Recommended,394360,31007242,Posted: 7 April,all,Sterquilinus,8/8 m8 would play for 7 hours at a time as Romania and have basically 0 impact on any war I join in.it's the thought that counts
76561198160748224,Recommended,394360,31897924,Posted: 22 May,all,T钻石糖T,we need chinese
,Recommended,394360,30432982,Posted: 10 March,all,Tomaz,gog
76561197999211073,Recommended,394360,28178600,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Crazy Horse,"This game is a damn good time if you are looking for a deep strategy game. The UI is pretty straight forward and much simpler than some of the other Paradox games EU4/Crusader Kings 2 (Still haven't figured that damn game out), And there is just something about stockpiling and teching for the eventual war ahead that is ahead thats just... Mmmmm... Nice. But, it isn't perfect as you will see on others reviews. The AI can be dumb as rocks, like not helping you fight when they are getting taken out. It get annoying when you see units just standing there watching you get pushed back, or allies leaving gaps in lines when you are on the assualt. And though the game seems to have sooooo much it really kinda dies out once the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. Other than just warring you can't really do much else. No spies, and the diplomacy is basically nil. So its just kill kill kill. That being said though... I love this game. Something about seeing your little countrys name grow across the whole map just feels awesome. And I have a thing for WW2 as well so it scratches that itch too. Granted as people write it's not 100% accurate on everything, but I mean seriously you can't expect everything to be perfect. The other point is though.. they will update this game for years. Two years from now this game will be amazing and you will comeback after each update to see how it effects the game in different ways and what new thing can be done. SO... in finally note I totally recommend this game. Its one of my personal favorites. And if you are looking for a hardcore WW2 strategy game, this is it."
,Recommended,394360,32633887,Posted: 21 June,all,CrazyGuy,If you are really into Game like stratagey? Then get this. It's worth the cash.
,Recommended,394360,24590526,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Hex,"The year is 1945, the New Order has begun. The Reich rules the world."
76561198160018590,Recommended,394360,28403620,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,^ ^2👌Fuze,good
76561198302637934,Recommended,394360,33885019,Posted: 29 July,all,CodeApollo,"I have enjoyed this game for probably to much time,but it keeps drawing me in for one last game."
,Recommended,394360,33884534,Posted: 29 July,all,✪ TAVii,8/10
76561198051081356,Recommended,394360,28776264,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dearthvader,"Great game, definately recommend, but it crashes more than Japanese pilotsEDIT: Fixed it"
,Recommended,394360,23507359,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ckap =],why does hitler have no debuffs again?
76561198060035722,Recommended,394360,32460795,Posted: 15 June,all,pierce.tyler1994,Is it just me or is everyone on Steam a skinflint. Newsflash: Things cost money and will ALWAYS cost money. Don't let a price change (up OR down) dictate whether the game is actually good or not.P.S. gaem iz gud :3
76561198109064590,Recommended,394360,32545501,Posted: 18 June,all,Killian,Best way to waste time
76561198390891557,Recommended,394360,32578580,Posted: 19 June,all,Pyrrhuloxia,The game is really good but dont buy the dlc. Wait till it goes on sale.
,Recommended,394360,25234283,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Shades,GR9 game
76561198137711258,Recommended,394360,26453334,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,KLOVNEN,Best game ever!But the only thing is that i really hope Paradox will make the AI smarter.
,Recommended,394360,31926768,Posted: 23 May,all,AiRR <3's Falvo,10/10 would take over germany as iceland again
,Recommended,394360,32820382,Posted: 26 June,all,int3gral [GE],"While being new to the HOI games I must admit that I was seduced by simplified gaming process compared to older HOI series (which I researched prior to getting started). I am casual gamer and prefer a faster learning curve. HOI4 provides this experience. For sure I would gladly spend weeks to learn something more complex, but the older you get the more precious time becomes.There are flaws like stupidish AI, many smaller wrong things, but I found that those don't bother me much (although I can become highy meticulous sometimes). Maybe because my pleasure in this game is based on assumptions and delegation emulation. I just have fun and pretend that I'm playing a huge scale RPG with flavor of milsim. This is not an accurate military simulator. But damn this game helps you to feel a scale of war.I like this game because I know what can be expected from it and what not."
76561198052791835,Recommended,394360,29476931,Posted: 24 January,all,Darth Lonetus (Mami Tomoe),"This is one of interesting games for those who interested in history and war at the same time. You can change the history or keep the same history depends on your action. The gameplay is good but still lacks of content if you play minor nations such as Spain, Portugal, Brazil, Sweden, and so on without DLC or Mod. Few bugs and there but still update regularly. Overall recommended."
,Recommended,394360,25676042,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,G_Reaper,like how this game can be modded easily
,Recommended,394360,32819720,Posted: 26 June,all,i am gay actually,"Incredibly interesting game for World war II and Grand Strategy fanatics.Good +rep.So much mods,but little bit bugs that need to be fixed."
,Recommended,394360,31991913,Posted: 27 May,all,Gulden () csgobounty.com,"I think this game is fun and brilliant, because you can 'create' a whole new history timeline by playing as a country and changing how the events during that time happend."
76561198094720615,Recommended,394360,26444003,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,YawRaw,The Best Risk like WW2 game out there currently. Its even better with steam workshop to include ww1 and other senerios!
,Recommended,394360,27000133,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Неко товарищ,"Alright, now the game may not be flawless like these other peeps have said, mostly about the AI being trash or the game being too easy....Well....that's sorta true, but most other things are spot on, like the ability to spend hundreds of hours in it without a single DLC bought. If you have that AI issue...or the issue of missing anything that you feel should be there...the workshop exists, and there's an AI mod that makes them good, very good in fact. So go and give this a shot, Steam always has that refund option, anyway. OH I almost forgot one thing, this is a Paradox title, it will take you a lot of time to learn it and play it effectively, so watch a few videos, eh? And play Germany first if you aren't sure ;)"
76561198288477765,Recommended,394360,26445872,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,davisvaughn91,Play the tutorial!
,Recommended,394360,29947163,Posted: 15 February,all,kräk,naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,394360,24723837,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Skyshaper,I really like the game - a gigant leap from Hoi III and through the youtube clips Paradox published prior to its release it was easy to start playing once it was finally released.
,Recommended,394360,30742475,Posted: 25 March,all,Vorvadoss,"Yet another Paradox game that seems to be part of their shift towards user-friendly UI and enjoyability. It certainly looks intimidating on the surface, and you'll probably fail miserably on your first several games, but you'll quickly discover that in a lot of ways the game literally plays itself.There's lots of fun alternate history paths to choose - communist France allying with the Soviets and picking apart Germany early; fascist America joining the Axis instead and obliterating Britain; Japan choosing to focus on the land war in Asia against China and the Soviets instead of attacking America; or maybe, you just want to try to win the historical war as Hitler? The list goes on, and it's only set to grow as the game develops further in the typical Paradox fashion.Recommended for any fan of the more warlike aspects of the other Paradox games, fans of alternate history, or even just WW2 buffs.Oh yeah, some of the mods are like a whole new game."
,Recommended,394360,32242659,Posted: 7 June,all,Schmitz,I think I need some help...paradox if this dlc is♥♥♥♥♥♥i swear
76561198375171624,Recommended,394360,30936426,Posted: 3 April,all,Sanitation_Worker,"The game is hard to learn ads a begginer, however as you progress it gets to easy due to bad a.i."
76561198123415351,Recommended,394360,34049382,Posted: 5 August,all,RecTRo Early,"This game is proof that an AI will never take over the world, no matter how many nukes and spammed tier 0 planes he has."
76561198140564839,Recommended,394360,32421541,Posted: 14 June,all,SLAP STICKS 632,Well worth the money.
76561198224447832,Recommended,394360,32550108,Posted: 18 June,all,DEUS VULT,basegame is good dlc bad mods epic            i give 8/10
76561198132878386,Recommended,394360,32553813,Posted: 18 June,all,jimboehl2012,"Great game, wish u had a bit more control of how your country operates and it would also be good if you could release puppets but other than that, very good."
76561198217406053,Recommended,394360,32551121,Posted: 18 June,all,CooktheBooks,"Pretty fun game with a lot of replay value, but it can definitely be aggravating at times if you have a slower computer. Waiting a half hour just to launch a naval invasion, or waiting an hour+ to get to anything remotely close to the war can be irritating, so having a decent PC is definitely recommended. Still VERY fun, and doesn't seem to really have a bias regarding tech, most of the game is just up to how the player plans things out.I've found that the late-war period/large wars can be VERY laggy, even if you have a strong PC, so also be prepared for that."
,Recommended,394360,24613429,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DeafFrog,Everything about this game just makes sense.
,Recommended,394360,28879899,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Random33,"I have never played any previous hearts of iron installments, but I have enjoyed playing this one. I learned how to play the game in the first 25-50 hours and I learn some new things as I continue playing. Rip Life."
76561198173239094,Recommended,394360,33983350,Posted: 2 August,all,Death's Approach,"I must say as a person who has played this game for months, this is probably the single best simulator for the modern history of our world. I have seen events in our world that have bent space and time. If you don't believe that, look in the Steam Workshop for mods for this game. If there was a star system of 1-5 stars, I would give it a 5 star review. Get this game now!"
76561198111831924,Recommended,394360,24090428,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Maux35,"This game went beyond my expectations. I thought that I wouldn't be able to get far as a small country, but when I played as Mexico I conquered all the American continent. The key was nuclear bombs. It is very easy to modify the game, by simply getting into the files you can change names, flags, leaders... I recommend it 100% It would be nice if cities outside of the main players had their real values and size."
76561198090089226,Recommended,394360,24088321,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Morgoth  JongBaru,"I'm sure this is a great game.. Too bad i dont get it.. Yup, I am stupid :/"
,Recommended,394360,24220447,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,vk.com/alekseystepanov1,I expected a great game and i got it. Great Job Parodox!
,Recommended,394360,24231629,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jim M,Much better than HOI 3!  Was not a fan.  I've been playing since the original.  Best version yet!
76561197970346930,Recommended,394360,24231718,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Pooned,Game owns.
76561198122688092,Recommended,394360,24813072,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Jefferson,Dis is best game!
,Recommended,394360,24816416,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,JaySliZe,One of the best Paradox/RTS games I've ever played
76561197965078463,Recommended,394360,25212145,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Chaplain Aldaris,"This new installment in the Hearts of Iron franchise is an interesting one. They've changed a lot of things around, some for the better, some for the worse.The idea of creating weapons and equipment and then training the troops before deployment is a nice one, but sometimes feels indirect. The National Focus system is wonderful, though, allowing for a large amount of customization in when you want certain historical events to happen. The entirely new trading setup feels bad though, there is very little to influence.All in all worth a try for fans of the previous games and those who want better control over smaller nations."
,Recommended,394360,24254204,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Schnitzel,"Steps to Defeating Soviet Union and their 30 million mapower poolStep 1- get declared onStep 2- Hide behide River with Forts, just like the pros ( France)Step 3- wait for them to waste 10 million manpower by throwing themselves into your defenses because Order 227Step 4- Invade Soviet UnionStep 5- Invade harderStep 6- Invade Siberia because Moscow and Stalingard wasnt enoughStep 7- Win10/10- would Super Maginot Line Again"
76561198025897909,Recommended,394360,24566193,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Saxon,"I've been playing HOI since the first one, and I can say that this is the best so far.It is a streamlined version. but not a dumbed-down one.  Most of the complexity of past games is still there.  However, research and weather have been a bit oversimplified.  For example, I was able to invade Russia in the winter without suffering the terrible attrition and supply issues you would find (and should find) in previous versions.  When researching tanks for example you merely decide to research say ""Tigers"" and that's it.  You don't get to research guns, engines or other individual aspects of things.  It's simple, but still fun due to the fact that research slots are hard to come by and you truly do need to pick carefully because you will never get everything you want.The graphics and sounds are top-notch.  Sprites look excellent.  Planes fly around and are shot down.  This was always something I missed in past versions as I was never a NATO counter type of player, and have a penchant for eye-candy.  I love the sprites and sounds.  You do not need to purchase the more expensive package of the game to get good sprites.  I bought the standard version and was very happy.Contrary to what I heard before buying, the AI is actually quite good.  I started my first game as Germany on veteran Ironman and lost the war.   I was happy to lose, and happy to learn that the AI is not something to be trifled with.  The USSR was very powerful and rolled into Germany with tanks and air superiority.  Of course on  my next playthrough I learned from my mistakes and crushed them, but it was not easy.  I also experienced several major allied landings in France and Spain.  The AI is better at finding your weakpoints and hitting you with surprise amphibious operations than it was in HOI3.Conclusion:  If you enjoyed HOI3, then you will love this game.  It is everything you enjoyed in HOI3 and more.  However, if you have never played a game like this be aware that it's a serious challenge and not for the feint of heart!"
76561197992676600,Recommended,394360,25215917,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Benito Tortellini,"HOI 4 is just like any other paradox game, it really is in many ways a well put together game, and is a fun experiance that has a nearly infinite play time.  YOu'll find yourself loving the game, as I do, but just like other paradox games, it bears certain game breaking problems.  In HOI 4's current state, the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, at the least.  Then you get into the DLC that will eventually ocmew out for this game, and Paradox has the worst DLC policy i've ever seen right next to IL-2 BoS and BoM.  Don't let these flaws detrer you, since this is an amazing game in which nothing compares, but just know that while amazing, there are a few flaws that can be iritating.*edit*  Speaking of irritating mechanics that ruin the game, I just recently found one that has stopped me from playing this game altogether.  Troops are transported with convoys, instead of troop carriers or landing carf (already an autistic mechanic) but thats trhe way paradox does this part of the game.  YOu use convoys for resource distribution, and other things as well.  I recently just stopped playing a match as Sweden, where i came close to conquereing the world, and the problem arose when i ended up getting a huge influx of resource imports from my new territories.  I already had a small number of convoys, so this influx of new material quickly used all of them up, and dictated it needed about 300 more to fully transport materials.  This means that i currently have 0 convoys avaible for troop transportation.  The problem with this is that ALL convoys made when you currently have a deficit of convoys for trading, go to the trading.  There is no way to control the convoys, or to assign their jobs, so that if you have a small deficit of convoys and are willing to move convoys off of resource duty to troop carrying duty, you simply cannot do that.  So, if you have troops that are on an island or are locked by other countries without military access, these units simply under no circumstances cannot move ANYWHERE.  YOu have to waiut until your convoy deficit is completely gone, which makes no f***ing sense at all.  When you urgently need to move your troops, don't you think you could stop resource transportation, because it doesn't matter as much?  Nope!  Another broken and truly idiotic mechanic by paradox which just caused me to scrap a match i had over 50 hours playing.  Cool, thanks Paradox!  Paradox has some serious mechanic problems in this game, and i will stop playing this game alltogether at least until the convoy idiocy is fixed."
76561198080474065,Recommended,394360,24093424,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Swiskant,"Started playing as Greece, turned fascist joined axis, conquered Turkey,Syria,Iraq,Saudi arabia, basically restored Byzantium Empire. Got in war with Soviet union because of Germany, Germany started loosing so i backstabbed and turned communist instead, invaded Italy made them surrender won a war with Axis as ally of Soviet Union.10/10 would buy this game again :D"
76561197974834682,Recommended,394360,24560681,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,McLawL,2.5Million Romanians die total in the ww2 meatgrinder. We make a suprise assualt on the faltering German Reich egg that has formed around thier territories that were easily holding out. We break them. At the war table Romania is awarded 2% of the War Participation. Everything was for nothing and I gained no land. 10/10
,Recommended,394360,34049427,Posted: 5 August,all,DasViertenReich,Recommended for people who like real time strategy games.
76561198102267665,Recommended,394360,28471659,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Neponenz,"Pros:-easy to learn-you can control any nation-workshop and mods-if you are ww2 fan you will probably like it-no main objective (this can be bad thing also)-multiplayer is awesomeCons:-maybe too easy for hc players-AI is sometimes weird/r3tarded-bugs and glitches-DLC (this isn't a problem for me but many people hate DLCs so this is warning for those people)I recomend this game for new players who want to try their first strategy game. If you are a big ww2 fan and you like alternate history you should consider buying this game. I don't say it's perfect game but it can be really fun.7,5/10 would recomend"
76561198254602420,Recommended,394360,26589286,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SopskiSRB,"Simply the great game ! Lots of great mods  and DLCs ,and other things !Nice and real  system of war ,politics,economy ,trading and stuff....Multiplayer is fun and intresting !The game is difficult if you are new to HOI but that isnt problem !"
,Recommended,394360,34087059,Posted: 7 August,all,adamfreeksack,Started the game as IrelandWent FascistJoined the AxisTook back the NorthProceded to do nothing afterwords cause the Brits can't land for♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050613639,Recommended,394360,34085765,Posted: 7 August,all,Sam,One of the best games ever.
76561198047547993,Recommended,394360,34117652,Posted: 8 August,all,Waagenator,Trump 2020
76561198068776847,Recommended,394360,33616932,Posted: 17 July,all,stronghold70,Love it!
76561198029059669,Recommended,394360,31211857,Posted: 17 April,all,Schirmsau,Played as Australia and wrecked Japan. All in all 10/10
76561198217186336,Not Recommended,394360,33777462,Posted: 24 July,all,I AM MORGAN FREEMAN,Not saying the games bad just letting someone know i disagree with the DLC policy
76561198145544750,Recommended,394360,33964310,Posted: 1 August,all,zombieme7,Very good game but dlc is overcharged and needs to be lowered.
76561198249121712,Recommended,394360,34357486,Posted: 19 August,all,Plasma_Wolf,LELLELELELELEELELELELELELLE IT'S GOOD
76561198231400700,Recommended,394360,31852986,Posted: 19 May,all,[Sd.Kfz.A] Greater|Fissure,A very fun game for those who want to conquer the world.If you dont like to micro-manage...then this is your dream.Point:Love it for how much time you can spend on it..it never ends...Hate how a large chunk of the games mechanics are broke af...Still very fun with a few fixer upper mods.
76561198170416998,Recommended,394360,34274572,Posted: 16 August,all,Zew123,What can i say hmmm. This is the best WW2 strategy game ever i really enjoy this game i dont care if i have to pay a few extra bucks to get features that should have been in the game from the start.Its realistic with the game been so complex you wont learn everthing for a long time.
,Recommended,394360,23879008,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,T H I C C,"Easy for people new to paradox to learn, but it is lacking in content like many paradox games when they are released."
76561198068962515,Recommended,394360,31585377,Posted: 6 May,all,Iglix,"I absolutely love that ability to grab bunch of divisions, assign them commander and let them authomaticaly make frontline and defend it. Where I do not have to pause every 10 seconds to make sure that no part of my line broke down since my units would automaticaly move to maintain defense line. And all this without actualy taking controll out of my hands.BravoIf only Stellaris had something like that"
,Recommended,394360,31511756,Posted: 2 May,all,He11thorn,Difficult to learn but fun to play
,Recommended,394360,31559600,Posted: 5 May,all,Optiguest,"A well made game, except for the AI, you shouldn´t have to but having it on veteran with maybe some sliders on, will make the game more enjoyable. The assortment of mods is enough to buy the game if you ask me."
76561198272535655,Recommended,394360,31531238,Posted: 3 May,all,Flare728,"Probably one of the best games I have played to date. But in my opinion, if you are very impatient and want results right there and then, this game isn't for you. This game takes a lot of time and strategy (hence it being a Grand Strategy), but when you finally achieve your goal, my god it feels so awarding."
76561198108870735,Recommended,394360,31551503,Posted: 4 May,all,Some Random Dude,10/10 this game helped me ace my world history test.
76561198116518954,Recommended,394360,31561136,Posted: 5 May,all,Lynx,Great time spender 10/10
76561198040881280,Recommended,394360,28647393,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Magicpants,It very god
76561198137138067,Recommended,394360,29773150,Posted: 7 February,all,muffinninja22,"Wonderful game. I wish I had a story for you, but sadly my main experience was losing have of my soviet forces when poland capitulated with my troops in it"
76561198124243569,Recommended,394360,34904693,Posted: 12 September,all,The Electric Lizard,Brilliant game
76561198112132082,Recommended,394360,23424990,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Blackmask521,"A couple of hours felt like 10min, I dont wanna play this game anymore because I will be awake til midnight and think its 3pm 10/10"
,Recommended,394360,32958810,Posted: 28 June,all,AndyBoy,"Great game, just be careful sometimes it crashes non-stop."
76561197960558358,Recommended,394360,23745241,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Oberst Josef von Hartmann,I'm really saddened by the negative reviews.  I really enjoy this game!Make Germany great again!!!!!!!!!!  :D
,Recommended,394360,29040878,Posted: 5 January,all,AssEaterXXX123,"Mein Führer, we've lost another bomber! I feel zhis Blitz can't last much longer!Blast! In that case we march East! To Russia!Stalin's not going to like zhis!"
,Recommended,394360,29627856,Posted: 1 February,all,NUK3D,"People are rating this negative because of DLC.Maybe you should put the negative ratings on the DLC or something?And just list the outrageous DLC policy as a con?Oh, and companys have done much worse than this. (y'know the DLC i'm talking about. horse armor didn't even do anything.)In truth, this is a great game! Even without the DLC! It's so good. Strategy at it's finest*.8/10nerdcubed method10/10 normal method"
76561198045408922,Recommended,394360,26564059,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Rechran,"Whether you want to play this game for fun, or for a difficult strategic experience, I highly recommend it.  I started this game with previous experience with 4X strategy games and Paradox games in particular.  Even with that, in my first runthrough of the game, I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me.I joined the axis as The New Persian Empire (Fascist Iran), and got involved in WWII before I could really expand.  I hadn't made enough troops; I built more factories, but not nearly enough to withstand the British Raj at the time.After getting a decent number of tips from my friend, and replaying Iran alongside him, I played as Ireland.- I became Fascist Resurrectionist Ireland, because a democracy cannot invade without a large amount of world tension.- I tried to invade Denmark while in the axis- Denmark was obliterated by Germany, and I somehow got air superiority to navally invade some of the Danish North Sea islands.- Poland Joined the Allies, and World War Two officially started.- Somehow, with all of my manpower in 9 divisions, and with 3 volunteer divisions (1 from Spain and 2 from Japan), I pushed the UK forces to Belfast and consolidated Ireland.- I, with 9 planes, planned a naval invasion of scotland- No one was there, so I had my men rush the major cities, and then take all of the Scottish resources and factories.- The British caught on eventually (they were probably too busy fighting the Nazis to notice at first)- I formed an offensive line, and slowly pushed down to Liverpool.- I took Liverpool, but overextended myself, and was surrounded by British and other allied forces motorized.- I am currently trying to Dunkirk my men out of Liverpool so that they don't all die, and then I will re-form a northern line and probably do most of that again.Although This probably won't work, I had a phenomenal time facing the might of the United KIngdom, and winning as Ireland.I have played little, but feel that this is a much more approachable game than some other Paradox titles.I really hope that the DLC isn't garbage."
,Not Recommended,394360,31773151,Posted: 15 May,all,Robert,Didnt like it
76561198095290875,Recommended,394360,27982803,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mooshroomthegreat101,"This Game Is Perfect For People Who Love World War Strategy Games.If Your Like Civ 5 You Will Love This Game For Its Deep ""Deep"" DEEP **** I Mean Combat.The Research In This Game Is Very Easy To Understand And Comprehend.The Dimplomacy Screen Is Also Very easy To Understand And Comprehend.There Are Many Map Modes That Allow You To Strategize Easier And More Effectively.I Love That You Are Able To Play As Any Nation But I Found That Only A Very Few Amount Of Nations Were Fun To Play.Such As Germany,The United Kingdom,USA,And Russia.And A Number Of Other Flaws That Im Sure Dlc Will Fix.Overall I Like This Game And It Has My Approval."
,Recommended,394360,30211573,Posted: 26 February,all,SerephinaSingh,"Its a lot of fun, the controls I do want to change to wasd instead of arrow buttons but other than that its an amazing gameyou should definetly try."
76561198186458737,Recommended,394360,32593831,Posted: 20 June,all,Another Happy Landing,You can retake the colonies as fascist Canada10/10
,Recommended,394360,30226661,Posted: 27 February,all,Flux,Hearts of Iron IV is a great game. I love the different historical paths you can take! Definately worth the money!!
76561198054201438,Recommended,394360,31886506,Posted: 21 May,all,flametouch,"This game is pretty fun, especially if you know stuff about WWII or WWI. The DLC is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥though and I wouldn't reccommend getting it unless it's on sale. The mods for this game are pretty cool like the Millenium Dawn and Kaiserreich. The multiplayer is kinda fun, but it will make you sort of suicidal because it's pretty glitchy and your friends will be ♥♥♥♥♥es and ruin your game. It's kind of hard to learn the game and get good, but I've player 70 hours and I'm still god awful."
76561198160286256,Recommended,394360,31886551,Posted: 21 May,all,Aaron DeVack,"Okay to start off... I have a bad PC it's not meant for games, but the game runs alright for it, a bit laggy even on the lowest graphics, and tends to freeze up when you get TO many notifications for calling in all your allies into a minor war, but, to be honest I liked how in my first run I had no clue what I was doing as the USA and died because of it, I accidentally went Fascist, because I didn't know what certain things meant, on my second run I had fun, i went communist and seemed to have it a lot easier, then again the Soviat Union did most of the work for me in game which was a bit unfair and yet not at the same time, I do plan on doing my Democratic USA run soon, but man... The game is fun, no matter what you do, and I even recommend playing on normal and all of that with Ironman mode on, so that way you don't cheat like I began to do in my third run, but I didn't know the cheats until after my first two runs. Now... My only complaint with the game, is actually the base game music, don't get me wrong it's good, but if I had to listen to those or the Sabaton DLCs, which are F'ing great, I'd go with the Sabaton DLCs, also another thing is... With the USA which I recommend for beginners, is not as confusing as the German National Focus Tree, cause trust me... That was so VERY confusing... I'm more or less afraid to do a run on them because of that, I don't wanna mess up and get killed. but anyways, that's all I'd like to mention, and if I had to rate the game in three ways 4.5/5 to 9/10 to 92% it is that good. And I don't even like Strategy games! But this is a massive acception."
76561198025604634,Recommended,394360,23487917,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,starkwolf,"This is a good game if you can take it for what it is, but don't get carried away by the hype. Note the timestamp on this review, this is before any bugfixes. That said, I will bring up that currently I cannot get the offensive line tool working. However, I have been doing just fine using garrison orders, the tradeoff being I can't put all my units in the front lines, but having reserves is good too. Worth mention, however, is that I have not played HoI3 or any earlier installment.The espionage system is not its own category, but split between politics and battle modifiers. Better decryption gives you a substantial bonus in battles, encryption is of course the defense against this. Coups are in the politics tab.The interaction between nations feels very believable. I hesitate to give examples primarily in that some common sense things might not occur to you as you are playing. Historical focus is just that: histocal focus. Things will mostly be historical, but things will deviate slightly from the ususal. Much less, however, than EU 4 or some other Paradox titles, but even the slight deviations are enough to throw off plans.The recruit difficulty is a nice way to make the game substantially easier for newcomers, I rather appreciated it.Finally, while Paradox insists that Hearts of Iron is primarily a wargame, and not to expect much from the politics, I would say that they sell themselves a bit short on this point. At least for me, the politics structure is satisfying."
76561198009880860,Recommended,394360,23495631,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,GamerAce619,LOOVEEEE ITTT!!!!
,Recommended,394360,23495745,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Yung Adolf,"Game was way more complete than stellaris, great well optimized game with only a few problems. Ai is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the Japanese always declare war on everyone in reach, other than that it's a great game."
76561198012023582,Recommended,394360,24000119,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lewrker,"TBCH I expected this to be more difficult. I'm not sure this is a good sign. I'm looking forward to any coming expansions, maybe it will get more complicated. I've never played HOI1-3 before and wanted to start with this iteration, since there's a Linux version available, and I'm really happy about my decision. You probably want to download loads of music packs if you don't want to listen to the same Sabbaton album over and over and over and over and over again."
76561198026054393,Recommended,394360,25131436,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,mikesn,Entertaining.
76561198138011147,Recommended,394360,26167050,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,I Cannot Aerial,Awesome
,Recommended,394360,29090646,Posted: 7 January,all,Elmocreed,"Hard to grasp, but rewarding afterwards. good game"
,Recommended,394360,31411642,Posted: 28 April,all,Laevex Esre,The best WW2 strategy game ever made. Addictive and totally immersive.
,Recommended,394360,31416749,Posted: 28 April,all,Timbulak,Thank you Paradox !
,Recommended,394360,23426755,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,meltdown,I love strategy games and HoI is a series I've tried over and over to get into but always found very difficult to get the full grasp of managing. HoI IV broke that tradition while still keeping the depth the series is known for while making it much easier to approach for old and new players alike. Paradox definitely did it right this time. I can't wait to see what the modding community will do with this as well as future dlc/expasions from the Devs.If you like strategy/grand strat then do yourself a favor and get this game. $40 atRELEASEfor a game worth much more.I look forward to hours and hour in this game.-UPDATE-I've had 2 game freezes in over 24 hours of gameplay but no noticeable bugs so far. I'm sure with incoming patch stability and performance will be increased.
76561198086941694,Recommended,394360,23457197,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,All the Ritalin,10/10 would make Germany Democratic again ^^ (and avoid the utter tragic loss of German land.. a second time >:(
76561198143690690,Recommended,394360,23457590,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,StoriedAndy,I make this easy.If you like hoi 3 then you won't  like hoi 4 for many different reasons but mainly the game been oversimplify.If you thought that hoi 3 was hard game and was hard to understand then hoi 4 is a game you will love thenPlain and Simple.
,Not Recommended,394360,34134478,Posted: 9 August,all,Nonna,"Paid DLC for mechanics that should've already been added and broken AI for 40$ ontop that that any date past 1943 is completely absymal to play, lagging and unplayable as nations pump out 300+ divisions and pace them to and from the frontline constantly, not only that but the gameplay is incredibly bland, all minor nations have 0 flavor and there is no reason to play them apart from the """"unqiue"""" name they get for each ideology... That's another topic, Ideologies are nearly useless, Fascism is one of the only viable ideologies due to the manpower buffs which lead you questioning why should I stay democratic? why should I be communist? they have 0 upsides. Honestly I cannot reccomend this game, Paradox continues to draw blood from the community with constant pay-to-play DLC that not only shows how incompetent their dev team is but shows how little they care for the players and dedicated fans."
,Recommended,394360,34184433,Posted: 11 August,all,Desert-Fox,Stronk Russia Wave Tactic iz very gud
76561198068830136,Recommended,394360,34480602,Posted: 25 August,all,Wankeroo,"Really good game that will get the general paradox flesh out that will make it way better.multiplayer is a♥♥♥♥♥♥experience as a newbie imo,for me it consisted of""any good tips for a new player?""""get ♥♥♥♥ed kid noones going to tell you that""k lolsend help im still playing8/10"
76561198394540535,Recommended,394360,34113287,Posted: 8 August,all,TrueCanadian,really good game just wish the AI were not stupid and canada had a bit more troops and dock yards
76561198411251732,Recommended,394360,34237007,Posted: 14 August,all,josephboyd113,Best game I've ever played! Deep historical gameplay allows for countless hours of fun!
,Recommended,394360,34237472,Posted: 14 August,all,Z1nc.,"Hands down the best WW2 strategy game out there, has its flaws but the pros definitely outweigh the cons. Modding community is thriving on this game also,"
,Recommended,394360,34235269,Posted: 14 August,all,Legion,"9/10, would give 10/10 but bhutan is too overpowered"
,Recommended,394360,34220029,Posted: 13 August,all,Classicgamer23,Best Ww2 grand strategy game out.
76561198148591784,Recommended,394360,31290967,Posted: 22 April,all,Mutantoast,"THİS GAME İS AWESOMEbuy it, you wont regret itand get germany and annex poland cause why not loledit: dont do that instead go for belgium and luxembourg cause ♥♥♥♥ FRANCE thats why"
,Recommended,394360,31845790,Posted: 19 May,all,FatherHarraski,"I cant stop trying to kill myself,fix the bugs."
,Recommended,394360,25186881,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Admiral_Hipster,I love this game the ai can be rather funny at times but its still a good game.
,Recommended,394360,30023028,Posted: 18 February,all,richierich,its very strategic
,Not Recommended,394360,33410472,Posted: 9 July,all,Poorfag69,"Genuinelly good game that I would recommend if not for the DLC policy... You're paying £35+ for a full priced game however focus trees and features that should be put in the base game are being locked away by DLCs costing £7+. For that very reason, I cannot recommend this game."
12311312321381004,Not Recommended,394360,32797115,Posted: 25 June,all,Comrade Tigger,"I spent 40 bucks for this game and what I can say is the base game is not worth 40 bucks. I think the base game is at most 20 bucks as the game it self is just kinda lacking and the dlcs add national focus trees and other stuff that I think should be in the base game, I myself would love to play the game if every nation without mods had a unique national focus tree, In the base game. But at least I have mods to play but I still want the base game to have more play time. Also I got it before the Summer sale so all of you who got it durring summer sale won't understand how little content there is in the game for what I paid.If all the dlc were in the base game (That is current TFV and DOD) it would maybe be worth 40 bucks.I will read the comments on this"
76561198021733192,Recommended,394360,32618920,Posted: 21 June,all,Blackops,Worth a purchase.Like the battle mechanics.  Would like to see more nested command structure though (easy fix).Tech tree is too simple.  No opportunity for a crash program on an new tech (current method just adds time).Political trees are a good.  Allows recreation of historical scenarios + variation.   Not sure you could flesh those out anymore than they already are.Map graphics and colors are bit odd.  Hard to see demarcation of countries in diplomacy mode.  EU4 is much better with its overlays.Diplomacy is a bit weak.  Spying (from assasination to tech theft) needs to be added.
76561198129321520,Recommended,394360,29041062,Posted: 5 January,all,Durovnax,Best strategy game out there imo
76561198336877993,Recommended,394360,35008152,Posted: 16 September,all,Hugo Stiglitz,░░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂               9/10Il███████████████████]     Would Recomend◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤
76561198007311816,Recommended,394360,35040844,Posted: 18 September,all,ofdor,Probably the best real time grand strategy game for ww2. Also tons of great mods! DLC kinda sucks though and it's simplified over hoi3 but for some people (me) that's a good thing.
76561198141888453,Recommended,394360,35052639,Posted: 18 September,all,Shady,Best game ever
,Recommended,394360,35008108,Posted: 16 September,all,Soulrage,"As of now I have spent around 200+ hours playing game and have to so that I am pleasantly suprised how the game can really immerse you sometimes.The game and it's mechanics are rather dull and very plain. In a sense this game feels like a huge downgrade when I'm looking at Hearts of Iron III and Darkest Hour:  A Hearts of Iron Game. Many mods in the Steam Workshop actually fix the game like: Increased Resources, Player Led Peaceconferences and No Guarantees.A couple of notes:- Minor nations are useless unless they have some good resources (Guangxi Clique = Troll)- Untited Kingdom guarantees every nation once world tension is above 20-25%- Game begins to lag after 3-4 years because the AI keeps pumping out units which the game engine cannot handle that well- Nationalism focus is OP for manpowerApart from these negatives the game is simple yet fun to play. Drawing fontlines is easy and can be managed good enough soy uo don't get confused. The multiplayer is fun too once you get a good match without the host being an utter edgelord and enforcing rules upon everyone. Then again the Hearts of Iron franchise isn't known for it's multiplayer but for it's singleplayer.All the majors nations have their own focus tree of decisions, the regional powers lack these in the vanilla game. The minor Axis powers do get their own focus tree but only if you buy the DLC. IT SHOULD BE INCLUDED IN THE BASEGAME PARADOX!Unit production and management is also made easy so you can always keep track of what is being produced and how many. You can even select which units use what equipment. The managing of airforces and navy is somewhat simplified but it manages to hold up fairly well.All in all it's doesn't even come close to compete with HoI 3 or Darkest Hour, but at the same time it's not trying to be those games. It's fun, somewhat addictive, intreging and there are loads of mods that improve the game and it's mechanics BECAUSE PARADOX CHARGES YOU €20 FOR SOME FOCUS TREES!Mods that I used:- The Victorian Era- The Great War- Kaiserreich- All Nations Liberated- Increased Resources- No Guarantees- Player Led Peace conferences"
,Recommended,394360,33345782,Posted: 7 July,all,The Trump,Its okei i guess
76561198119598859,Recommended,394360,34339733,Posted: 18 August,all,Legroin,can invade everyone as papa stalin 10/10Zeke is a gaytard Thou please fix in a patch
76561198143088060,Recommended,394360,32231769,Posted: 6 June,all,『 Nuro 』,love it
76561198199412019,Recommended,394360,32773384,Posted: 25 June,all,Phishbone,"A fun game but everytime the devs update it it completly curups my saved games and I have to constatly start over almost everytime they update the danm game,I just wish the devs would do somthing about this because this is getting very anoying"
,Not Recommended,394360,33958889,Posted: 1 August,all,Aztek Rogue,"This game is good for one kind of person, someone who is so tired that they can't play anything that requires thought. If you want to play a good Paradox game, just go play Victoria 2, it's cheaper, better and will leave you much happier than this joke ever could"
76561198007104570,Recommended,394360,23590764,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,CanadianMan,"Every played a Hearts of Iron game and wondered ""What the -HECK- am I doing?""Well never again, for once you pick up Hearts of Iron IV, you will learn to love its depth masked by simplicity. The game itself is easy to learn, but the more you play it, the more you learn of its depth and the true 'difficulty' that comes with running a nation with peak performance.  One thing I love about this game is that you never quite feel 'I did things right', you always think to yourself ""Well I should have done this."", even if things turn out in your favor, or die out in the favor of the enemy.The best way to learn how to play this game is to watch Lets Plays and while watching them, imagine what you would be doing if you were in their place. The amount of 'Alternate history' that can be achieved in this is amazing. BUY IT AND PLAY IT."
,Recommended,394360,23588763,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,suck my dik white america,Really good game especially if you are a history buff such as myself. However there are a few issues that really need to be fixed such as the god awful AI.
76561198175902474,Recommended,394360,24286260,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tumult,Kaiserreich mod is better then the base game but that is Paradox's problem.
,Recommended,394360,34859228,Posted: 10 September,all,Jonas,make the german communist empire great again
76561198058819691,Recommended,394360,28559992,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,yoshilla,great game you can get hundreds of hours from it with the good mod support
76561198073459885,Recommended,394360,35075679,Posted: 19 September,all,Suleiman the Magnificent,you can take over the world as bhutanwhat else is there to say
,Not Recommended,394360,35165826,Posted: 23 September,all,MrGhostPants,"Clunky, broken, Ui is absolute crap, its just not worth it unless its on sale"
76561198324603931,Recommended,394360,31986491,Posted: 26 May,all,zaprus1575,Best game ever
,Recommended,394360,34414436,Posted: 22 August,all,James Madison,"Japan bombs Pearl Habor by 1941 and destroys my entire Pacific Fleet. By 1943, Japan has fallen to the American banner due to America putting 14 Aircraft Carrier in the Pacific during the middle of  1942. Would liberate and save the world from Axis hands. 10/10"
76561198040300459,Recommended,394360,35141502,Posted: 22 September,all,onegoodreason,Best game 2017
76561198258019091,Recommended,394360,31143900,Posted: 14 April,all,bradynader,I like
76561198057411981,Recommended,394360,31146056,Posted: 14 April,all,Pro Patria,Cool game.
,Not Recommended,394360,24029873,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Austria-Hungary > Prussia,"The AI in this game is literally broken. They refuse to push unoccupied proviences, refuse to take fights that are super easy. The Tool tips in this game are generally garbage, for instance, paradrops dont work half the time because the tool tip doesnt tell you ""Hey your aircraft is out of range,"" instead it says you can do it but your troops never enact the plan. Another issue is the commanders themselves. I cant beat a 2 infantry unit army that's been out of supplies and has less tech than i do with 12 units for god knows what reason, it seems the AI commanders for AI nations are inherently better than your own, even if your commander's skill is way higher.The game is extrememly frustrating to play at this point in time, mabye they'll fix the game and i'll change my review, till then, No."
76561198356928705,Recommended,394360,31985441,Posted: 26 May,all,Joseph Stalin,"Great game. The game takes a lot of strategy to play, and takes a lot of knowledge. People talking about the DLC price: the DLC is unecessary. The mods are 100x better, and they are free."
,Recommended,394360,35134535,Posted: 22 September,all,flarrie,I'm really looking forward to play this game but the tutorial is very hard. I't is not clear what is expecting of you on the beginning.I hope this it will turn around but I cannot find my way trough after almost an hour....
76561198357871434,Not Recommended,394360,35174806,Posted: 24 September,all,Going communist boys,"I like the game, but please optimize the game more. The fps in my game does not go over 20 fps in 5 speed."
76561198025601447,Recommended,394360,35183027,Posted: 24 September,all,Stamus Contra Malum,"How to rewrite History.It's 1939, the German Reich has fallen against france.Damn you Paradox!!"
,Recommended,394360,35183939,Posted: 24 September,all,(SCU) Jsmith4liberty,"Hearts of Iron IV is a real time strategy game made by the acclaimed Paradox Interactive, a company known for series such as Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, and Victoria II, not to mention Hearts of Iron. As a longtime fan of their games, I can safely say that Hearts of Iron IV, while not having the greatest AI, is among the best games they have released in recent years."
,Recommended,394360,35184514,Posted: 24 September,all,Pope Francis,Britain guaranteeing independance to countries you justify against simulator 2k17
76561198293462564,Recommended,394360,33551913,Posted: 14 July,all,GeographyGuy,I have been playing the game for a few months by now but I had a lot of fun and anger while playing. The mod community for the game is a huge 10/10 for me. The entire game as a whole is actually frustrating. AI being a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and declaring war on me everytime. I'd give it a solid 2.9/5 with no mods. 3.9 with mods.
,Recommended,394360,33546269,Posted: 14 July,all,Souronfan,I love this game
,Recommended,394360,33549720,Posted: 14 July,all,bluesupernova24,"Overall a well made grand strategy game, with great graphics, and lots of opportunities for alternative history paths and interesting stories. But feels like it should be fleshed out more, with the vast majority of nations yet to have unique focus trees and events."
,Recommended,394360,33554641,Posted: 15 July,all,IMBIG,Hey da gamie famalam Mandem recomomendGat gime Mlg
76561198255817203,Recommended,394360,23705337,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,razъyebu bomzhey,Cool game!
76561198305180208,Recommended,394360,30121536,Posted: 23 February,all,The Dinkster,"I highly suggest this game as the mods seem to have no end but, the modded player base could use some more people because if you want to play Vanilla Game Online, youre good. But lets say you want to play the ""Hearts of Iron 4: Great War"" Mod online, there are probably like 2 servers total. Then certain mods like ""Kaisereich"" and ""Man in High Castle"" are very very rare.But on the plus side the 2000 Year mod is pretty common and the gameplay in that is pretty balanced in europe just as long as NATO is Disabled its fine."
,Recommended,394360,30381450,Posted: 7 March,all,Emperor_Trump,Almost as much Russian bias as War Gaming
76561198062366153,Recommended,394360,30128200,Posted: 23 February,all,summers.edward,"I bought this game, thinking that it would be a fun game that I would end up playing 20 or so hours on. I was extreamly wrong. I think it is safe to say this is the best WW2 game out atm, and the modding capabilities of this game gives a whole new experience!"
76561198301428717,Recommended,394360,30183055,Posted: 25 February,all,ebarnes147,"Very fun game, slowly improving with the updates.Still requires more but its great to play with your friends."
76561198132369554,Recommended,394360,29214980,Posted: 12 January,all,Indeedikus,"Most negative reviews rightfully call out severe problems such as a paid DLC implementing items that should already be in the game and the AWFUL AI, but for just gameplay I think this game is defintely worth it even with all of it's current problems. A good buy in my opinion."
76561198227373328,Recommended,394360,29366740,Posted: 19 January,all,General McArthur,"An overall great strategy game where anything thing can happen during the time of ww2 and the time leading up to ww2.I recommend this game to mostly history buffs and anyone who loves strategy.To anyone who thinks the game looks hard,it is hard to learn/play at first but increasing gets more fun and easy as time goes on.10/10would buy again"
76561197972429071,Recommended,394360,30086092,Posted: 21 February,all,starbuck310,Good game and its going to stay on my HD for some time. Its still being improved. Its intresting play the different countries. They have their own very distinctive advantages and disadvantages. Note this is not ment to be a historical reenactment of WW2.
76561198246636184,Recommended,394360,30381682,Posted: 7 March,all,baiyu123987,"Love this game! Relatively easy to play Soviet but have to manage a large territory and armies. In general, the game can be pretty fun after you get over the newbie dizziness."
,Recommended,394360,32179417,Posted: 4 June,all,Element 108,"This game is fun, its strategical and you can either play it on multiplayer or singleplayer.... Its good for long time of playing or just to play for 10 minutesProFun and not to easyModsMultiplayerYou can edit every file, you can use cheats and you have a lot of options to play as and how you wantConsStupid AILots of small bugsvery hard to get intosome mechanics are very hard to use even when you are experienced (naval invasion, paratroop,etc)I think its definitely worth to buy, if you arent sure... pirate it and you will end up buying it anyways"
,Recommended,394360,33395814,Posted: 8 July,all,Gardian1234,"This game is very great, my only complaint would be that the DLC has features that should've been in the vanilla game, but it isn't a problem that should keep you from buying the game. With the game's great modding capability, there is a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,394360,23491837,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,arakan94,"UPDATE, patch 1.3: It is now even better (and I didn't yet buy any expansion - cannot really afford them for full price) and will keep getting better (patch 1.4 looks really promising).Just awesome game! I'd say one of the best strategy games ever made.I did an Italy playtrough that took me about 30 hours and we ended WW2 in 1947 with Axis victory. I nuked USA and UK and that cut a war maybe several months short. I love how the game works. It's pretty easy and accessible and yet very deep and offering a lot of possibilites.Also check out the mods - they offer great variety and fresh experience (Kaiserreich, Great War, Millenium Dawn)."
,Recommended,394360,28417226,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The Spice Reich,"Create an alternate history WW2 like a Facist Australia spanning the pacific, a Communist France, or strangest of all, a Democratic Middle East."
,Recommended,394360,23777143,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Obsolete Turtle,"Let me preface this by saying that this game is very enjoyable, I like it very much. That said:Dear Paradox,Changing the volume of my computer while booting this game should not cause the game to stop responding. Please fix this.Thanks,HOI4 Players"
76561198007761167,Recommended,394360,23461064,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,geozero,"I've owned every version of HOI, and with some have bought multiple times (CD, Steam, etc).  HOI was great.   HOI 2 was also great.   HOI 3 while providing a lot of new features seemed to just bog down.  There was too much micro management.   Now, don't get me wrong, sometimes I like micro managing everything but the trade off is that you will not get too far in the game.For me starting with a country and building it up and then getting into WW2 was the thrill.  But 3-4 years of building equipment, managing stuff, and waiting waiting waiting was sometimes too much.  Maybe I have ADD.   Actually I do.So last few years like everyone I've been waiting for HOI4.   I think that it finally got rid of a lot of micro management and allowed a player to get through the war faster... though that came with a price.  The AI cedrtainly does a decent job, though in some places there needs to be tweaks.  I suspect and expect that patches will be forthcoming to address that.I like the way you can design units.  Reminds me of Super Power game where you can design stuff and rename them.  I like the battlefront system, though it is clunky at times.I like and hate at the same time many of the message popups we used to get.  I mean I could care less what Siam was doing if I was playing Germany or Italy.In short, I recommend this game.  It is a whole new experience in the long line of HOI games.  There are going to be trade offs, and some diehard Grognards are not going to entirely like this new system/game.  Then again, it may more accessible, portable down the road to other devices, and at least let you get through an entire war game in less than 30 hours.But there are areas that need improvement.  MODS are already on DAY ONE making a big difference.  Tech trees are being expanded, additional photos added, etc.  We may have had a more complete game in a year but then we would complain that it was taking another year... so again a good trade off.   Get the game now, look for MODS and official patches and updates, as well as DLCs.  Yeah we live in the world of DLCs, get over it.Last on this review... if future patches can expand on the tech trees, add more of the ""missing"" stuff, and bring back some of the HOI3 immersive features (even as something we can toggle on/off), then I think Paradox would have a more complete game and certainly appease many of the hard core gamers and naysayers.  Finding that balance will be crucial.  Some things now seem too easy, while others feel like something is missing, and others feel more difficult than they need to be.Looking forward to new updates!!  Now back to playing."
,Recommended,394360,26057889,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Fergas,Grand strategy at its best.
76561198043219952,Recommended,394360,32450833,Posted: 15 June,all,skidils,pretty good gameapart from the ai being completely♥♥♥♥♥♥you can capitulate russia with just one truck
76561198260986304,Recommended,394360,34943909,Posted: 14 September,all,cesarmeijer,GREAT GAMES10/10 WOULD RATE AGAIN
,Recommended,394360,30280814,Posted: 2 March,all,Saberthooth🍑,(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧Ez✧ﾟ･: *ヽ(◕ヮ◕ヽ)
76561198014273718,Recommended,394360,27345294,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JonBon,"WW 2, Hitler ,Stalin Yeah...."
,Recommended,394360,26992257,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheOrangeTaco,sex
,Recommended,394360,26993932,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaemi,I play this with the anime mod so that I can rule my nation with my waifu. Excellent game.
76561198063689471,Recommended,394360,26996523,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brownr97 [35th],Great game would recommend!
76561198113684666,Not Recommended,394360,35170391,Posted: 23 September,all,Gamestop Dorito,"Don't like it, much prefer darkest hour."
76561198139225156,Recommended,394360,32210102,Posted: 5 June,all,Oberleutnant Hans Von Dienst,You can counquer the world as the swiss. I pretend that their Machinegun sounds are swiss yodels.
,Recommended,394360,34195904,Posted: 12 August,all,West_2000,Great game!
76561198093594852,Recommended,394360,35110254,Posted: 21 September,all,That Pyro is a Pyro,wait for a fascist/communist coup then invade the world simulator
,Recommended,394360,35088780,Posted: 20 September,all,[MVG] johanmahdi,"Good Game, Overall 10/10 would fake taxi again"
,Recommended,394360,30446081,Posted: 11 March,all,Sauko,seriously ai is really bad
76561198129477624,Not Recommended,394360,32981787,Posted: 29 June,all,ntimotic,Just another Paradox game where base game is not really enough to enjoy it  properly.Off course that can be solved by buying one of X overpriced espansionas that they will be realasing in next X years bringing your total cost of the game to $200 easily.Pretty much last Paradox title I will ever buy because of this ridicilous DLC policy.Long gone are the times of Victoria 2 where actually you will get one or two proper expansions well worth of your  money.
,Not Recommended,394360,35314779,Posted: 29 September,all,Ex Mudder,"Sucks.  Even worse than HOI 3.  Recent patches have been improving the most annoying elements, which alternated between tedious micromanagement and lack of freedom / control.  Has yet to balance the two."
76561198070604360,Recommended,394360,29102980,Posted: 7 January,all,[ET] Ethan,A bad game but good
,Recommended,394360,34881379,Posted: 11 September,all,Bloey2,"> Be me> Never played a paradox game before> Try to play as Germany but accidently play as portugal> Go on wiki and learn how to become communist> Become Communist> Spanish Civil War Starts> Side with the Commies> Win> WW2 Breaks out> Side with the Soviets> Soviets go facist> Sigh> Soviets join up with the axis and declare war> Oh> Join Allies> Britain goes Communist> Yay> USA joins Allies> Also Yay> USA leaves> Ok.....> USA becomes Facist> You gotta be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kidding me>  USA joins Axis> No....> Japan becomes Communist> Yay> 2nd Spanish Civil War> FFS> Commies Win> ""Dangerous Naval In Progress""> WHAT!!> Remembers about going to war with the axis> Looks at UK> Is controled by USA> Looks at Japan> Controlled by USA> Looks at the entirety of the world> Australia controlls 50% and USA Controlles 40%> Communist Austraila Wins> The world is now communist-4/10 ♥♥♥♥ the DLC Plan"
76561198197922231,Recommended,394360,34887265,Posted: 11 September,all,spmg_plays (Expert Kebab Remover,"If you ever thought to yourself: ""man,i wish there was a fun and easy to learn ww2 grand strategy game with mods that can even change the time period from ww2"" then you're in luck. aside from the overly complicated thought this game is great atmaking you feel like you are winning actual wars with real divisions and occupation of territory. the only problem that i faced is that as any other paradox game it has dlc that you, in some cases need  to do actions that should just be in the base game. other than that the game is amazing and definetly worth its price"
,Recommended,394360,34892728,Posted: 11 September,all,AxelsAndGears,"I haven't been this addicted to a Steam game for a lonnnnng time. If you love RTS's, country simulators, or even just alternate history, I highly recommend this game. It's the ultimate Second World War simulator."
,Recommended,394360,33311006,Posted: 6 July,all,Donlot,"Not as complex as Europa Universalis 4, Crusader Kings 2 or Hearts of Iron III but still a bunch fun. Also there are a bunch of very good mods (Modern Day, World War 1, Alternate History Scenarios and many more)"
,Recommended,394360,33846792,Posted: 27 July,all,Broseph Stalin,Soviet Union + Scraping the Barrel conscription law = infinite Manpower
76561198014930193,Recommended,394360,33847438,Posted: 27 July,all,SWCDavik,The base game has plenty of hours of fun - the mods is where the crazy ammount of time is spent. Great community and endless new scenarios.
,Recommended,394360,26709625,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mayhem,"Complicated as hell when you first start, but an amazing game!"
76561198001693111,Recommended,394360,23494842,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tasteless,I've played previous installment of Hearts of Iron and other games by Paradox and I enjoyed this game more than the other ones except maybe for Vicky. I must've spent a whole week of sleepless nights playing this game.
,Recommended,394360,24309524,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,LemmiwinksSMB,Really enjoying the changes made from 3. I especially love the way equipment/production works now.
76561198050067437,Recommended,394360,30885728,Posted: 1 April,all,sebsauve34,0/10 Neville Chamberlain didn't appease me.
76561198015453827,Recommended,394360,23471212,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,RevWolf1776,"A streamlined version of HoI 3 with a great battle plan system, are there are few issuses with AI yeah and still a few small issuse with the UI yeah. But I'm certian that they will be fixed in the comming patches just like they are fixed in all their other games."
76561198065065895,Recommended,394360,23506210,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,chromedbustop,"I find the game to be very enjoyable.Can see where the complaints are coming from though.  But it's mostly OCD armchair genreals mad that they can't make their little orders of battle anymore.  That was a gimmick in HOI3 that really served no purpose.Don't listen to the complaints that the game has been 'dumbed down'.  It hasn't, it's been made more efficient.  There is quite a lot to do.  The game takes away some of the tedious micro-management and instead lets you focus on the bigger picture.  There's quite a bit of changes from previous versions of the game that will take some getting used to.  They need to be perfected but I like the direction.HOI4 is more ahistorical than the previous games.  It looks at WW2 less like one big war and more like what it really was: a point in time in which several large wars were being fought amongst like opponents.  You now have more control over what those specific wars are and when they happen.Some Pros:• Battle Planner: It's got a bit of a learning curve to it but this is a wonderful addition to the series.  It lets you set up rather extensive attack plans for either an entire front, or just a single division.  The AI follows the plan pretty closely, and even when you step in to take direct control of units once you've finished.- This really comes to light when planning amphibious invasions.  You can't just move your troops into a costal province.  There's only certain places where you can land forces, lending to the strategy.  And the larger the invasion the longer the buildup needed.  No more dropping 50 divisions into a province instantly.  It can take weeks for your force to be ready.• Naval Combat: The HOI series has always struggled with making naval combat interesting, but they've taken a step in the right direction.  Instead of micro-manging fleets in a dull attempt to find a random destroyer, you assign fleets to missions in selected areas.  There are 4 mission types, each with their pros and cons.  If you want to force a decisive battle (i.e. Battle of Midway) you can order your fleet to do that, but it'll be harder to find opposing fleets.  On the other hand if you're hunting raiders you'll want to spread your fleet out more, but this means that when battle commences it can take longer for your ships to reach the engagement, giving your opponent a chance to destroy your ships already there or escape before any harm is done.It's a fun change that add's some interest into the naval war.• Diplomacy: I'm lumping several things in here.  While HOI4 is obviously focused on the war, it gives you a lot more freedom than previous versions in regards to how you bring about and fight those conflicts.  You can fight them in the more traditional manners, but HOI4 allows you to influence the direction of conflicts and nations.  You can buff up sympathetic supporters in a nation, stage a coup (or lead to a civil war) then send supplies and even volunteers to help fight in that war without ever actually declaring war yourself.Volunteers is a nice feature highlighted in the Spanish Civil War.  You can only send a small number, dependant on various factors, but once you do you actually control those units yourself.  It can be a great way to build up experience, both for the specific units and for your nation as a whole.  Plus it gives you something to do while you're waiting for the larger conflicts to start, or if you're not interested in them at all.• Equipment: This is one aspect of the game that has been enhanced rather than dumbed down as some people have complained about.  Instead of just making generic supplies you now make specific vehicle, plane, and ships.At first it seems simplistic, but there's moe to it.  You research a chasis, and as your nation gains experience these specfic chasis can be upgraded into new variants.  Your old gear doesn't just vanish once it's replaced either.  As it falls out of use it returns to your nations stockpile, where your forces can tap into it if they need to, or you can send it to other nations (go ahead, send 1000 Panthers to Facist America).• Peace Conferences: This is just one I really liked, no does peace give you random provinces that sometimes make no sense.  Now you actually have a bit of a mini-game where the victors divy up the spoils.  You can choose from several options (i.e. Taking terriotry, pupetting nations, liberation).  You have a score which you can allocate to certain choices, the score being based on the overall participation various nations offered during the war.  You choose what you want, then each of your allies chooses what they want.  This plays out in turns, and you can keep going until you've gotten what you wanted, or until every runs out of points.  It adds a bit of strategy into the peace making, especially if you're playing as a smaller nation involved in a larger war.Some Cons:• Balancing: This is no surprise as it's a Paradox game, but as is the game is very unbalanced.  The best example is the UK, which will often field an absolutely MASSIVE air force.  I'm talking larger than that of all the other major powers combined.  Germany will often struggle when fighting France if controlled by the AI as it will just smash against the Maginot Line.  It's not uncommon for the war against Germany, or the Japanese invasion of China to be over very early.  Hopefully this will get fixed in later patches.• The Interface: They tried, but it's not the greatest, this is especially so when it comes to managing your nations air force.  I'm also not a fan of the nation borders.  They have a colored glow that you can see in the screen shots.  Zoomed out its fine, but up close it can just be iritating to look at and actuallly make it hard to see what you're doing.  Even after 40+ hours, I still find it annoying.• Performance Issues: It's not unusual for Paradox games to really start slowing down in the late game.  The difference between max and medium speed settings can become negligible.  But with HOI4 that slow down seems to happen much sooner.- Conclusion:Overall, HOI4 is a drastic change from the direction of the previous games in the series.  It's no wonder some people don't like it.  But it's a step in a very good direction.  As is often the case with Paradox games, HOI4 has a number of issues but the structure is sound.  Their games seem to need a year or so before they hide their stride, and that may be no different with this game.There's definitely enough fun to be had if you buy it now, but don't feel like it's a ""MUST BUY RIGHT THIS SECOND"" title."
76561198025878805,Recommended,394360,23494429,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,{DBD} kmoney_93,"A very well polished version of hearts of iron 3, with what feels to me like more open-endedness. Glad i picked it up."
,Recommended,394360,23505734,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,dk1701,"After about 30 hours spent in this game, I think I'm ready to put down my thoughts on it.First off, while it's not a perfect game (yet), I have absolutely loved my time in it. About 75% of which has been spent in multiplayer games with friends trying to change history (see ""Nova Imperium Romanum""). I would definitely recommend this game for those who love historical-based strategy games.TL;DR The game is amazing as a foundation, but there's plenty of room for improvements with the AI, ideology/influences, and the national focus trees. But I've been a Paradox fanboy for a long time, and I know they'll follow through like they always do.The Good:-The UI is so much more accessible than previous incarnations (and I loved HoI3). It's been fairly easy to teach my friends how to play, compared to HoI3. It's easy to see when you're starting to progress too far down a tech line (penalties for researching stuff too early), it's simple to design your own divisions, etc.-The game is beautiful. Absolutey gorgeous. Well done, art team.-National Focus - sort of a research tree that helps you progress your nation in specific directions (ideological choices, technological choices, territory claims, etc.).-Wide range of nation selections; just like in previous Paradox, the sky is the limit. Want to play Peru and try to conquer South America? Go for it.The Bad:-Not enough of the National Foci. It's really simple to (and practically impossible not to) race down the national focus trees long before the end of the war. They need to be stretched out a bit, I feel.-No national focus trees for the vast majority of ""minor"" nations; they share a simple generic tree. Though knowing Paradox, I'm sure this will be rectified in time with DLC.-Frustrating AI at times. Played a game as Italy; joined the Axis. Ended up at war with France before Germany. Germany did nothing to help. (-_-)The Ugly:-It's way too ease to force a country into what you want it to be (Democratic, Facist, or Communist). Within a couple years you can force the US from democracy into either of the others. Just doesn't seem realistic at all.-Countries that share a mutual enemy have access to each other's territory. It's very strange seeing Japanese troops fighting in Africa because they joined my war against Frace (though they were very helpful :P)."
,Recommended,394360,30892908,Posted: 1 April,all,cbdel,"EDIT: with a price increase and paradox adding a new semi-stupid dlc, stuff that should have been free, again, i would only recommend this game with mods as its great with those, the rest of my review is just a good read i guess.Hearts of Iron IV, my favorite strategy to this day, it has amazed me with all the things i can do and how well plans can go, except when it comes to me i just place lots of strong units and push until the enemy stops pushing, which i got pretty good at, i also got pretty good at making units, not trying to brag, anyway into the review...You manage your entire military, to who commands what army to how much guns should we produce to tanks, its awesome. Did you every want to play as Canada and turn yourself so powerful that the soviet union looks up to you, yes?, well now you can, this game is so much fun, but like any game were your manage what tanks you produce to how much tea your army drinks ( you cant acutally do that unfortenually :(,    ) is has a steep learnign curve you will have no idea what your doing, but something that was good is watching someone else play, try histoynerd's play through as canada, that was my learning motive.What can i do?you can take play as any country you want in the world war 2,reccommend USA for newbies, this game has you draw battle plans, fight wars, and best of all you can turn you country communist, facist, non-alligned, and democratic, dosent matter what country but you can do this. Just remember not to push your troops to far or you will be stuck in this hole of reinforce your troops for the next couple days/months, maybe a year...Is it worth 43 bucks????Yes, this game is tones of fun, with PLENTY of mods, bad thing is, is that mods make the game SOOOO much better, you will play with mods, there is no doupt about that, but what modders do is make the game so much FUNNNN..... But base game is good its solid with a couple of flaws, most are easily forgivable, except for one which i will get into, but for now, yes the game is worth 43 bucks as it deilvers with lots of fun and much to do... but time for the flaws, which may keep you back??Its cons.... dun dun dun.....Crashes, but i hear thats standard in a paradox game, but its not too bad plus the autosave feature is good for the most part. Now the main thing the ai...  ohh god the ai not just the enemys but yours and your teamates/allies... Divison spam has been a reported but that isent my main problem... its just how come canada is leading the major assualt with out MAJOR backup, where is britain, hello i need help not losing italy here and why am i fighting german alone, its not till later couple months down do they decide to reinforce my line. My ai or the generals ai the one that commands your troops good on the most part except for some things like why are have my troops in one secotor while everything else is spread out, like why???? Other than that there could be some improvements to enemy ai to make it more difficult,BUT, aside from all that i do think this game is worth your time and money, for anyone a fan of world war 2, strategy or both. I do hope this review put some thoughts about this game into your head, and maid up your mind about buying it, but as always, if you like a game, play it!One last thing: not dwelling on this topic but the dlc, yay that wasent the greatist thing, it not awful and you dont need it to have fun but, i feel like that stuff should have came with game but then again mods can take you there anyway :)"
76561197963315984,Recommended,394360,25133674,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ben!to,"I would not recommend this game,with Mods however, its enjoyable."
76561197979288409,Recommended,394360,27239520,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Seksikäsi Edward,Same old paradox except something is missing but still recommend...
76561198082707376,Recommended,394360,30151634,Posted: 24 February,all,Epsilon,amazing
,Recommended,394360,23471815,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,dmnlalos,"I spend a lot of time playing HOI 3 and HOI 4 is much better the battle plans,thenational focus trees and the division design are the best new additions.HOI 3 was alot difficult even for experienced players,some levels of complexity made no sense and it was just impossinle for new players to play minor nations.the order of battle system was♥♥♥♥♥♥the political side of the game was lacking(few events,scripted civil wars)and as a minor country you couldnt play without cheats.This game fixes the politocal side makes custom gameplay for fun and you wont need to OP yourself with cheats because you will actually enjoy the process.Also better optimazarions no crashes when you take russia and faster time.The trade system makes sense and the graphics are just more colorful.The idiots who will ostracize it will be ones who somehow think that a fully modded,patched and DLCed game can be compared with a game that hasnt benn release for even a whole week.Simle stuff like short timeline can be fixed with mods adn the fact that they borrowed features from EU 4 is GOOD.Lastly the are going to be peolpe who are just hipocrites in negative reviews(complaining for lack of content and lack of micromanagement while in the same time complaining for the lack of AI buttons to automate systems 11/10 great for new players and refreshing for older ones"
76561198061128676,Recommended,394360,23504894,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Donad Turmp,CHINA IS TOO POWERFUL! WE MUST DO SOMETHING BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
76561198104012318,Recommended,394360,35132053,Posted: 22 September,all,Kunai,Really enjoy playing this game especially trying out new mods that the community make
,Recommended,394360,35132119,Posted: 22 September,all,FOX,good strategy u can make ignificant countries become wordl powers and much meme community to
76561198044082965,Recommended,394360,29387572,Posted: 20 January,all,Glithik,Such a great game and cant wait for that first 3 DLC (knowing paradox this game will have over 50 DLC and im only getting the first 3.) This game is so gooooood. It's also very very good if you like to make war story's about you're well wars.(I hope im not the only one.) Buy this game it is just to good
,Recommended,394360,29385233,Posted: 20 January,all,willowiermovie8,"good game, if not extremely dificult"
,Recommended,394360,29385487,Posted: 20 January,all,glitchy,"Undoubtedly my favourite game of 2016, an immersive, deep and addicting experience."
76561198008164494,Recommended,394360,23491548,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SABER*,like the game alot .with alittle more tweeking and a good DLCit will be the best HOI yet.its a buy
76561198054334599,Recommended,394360,24852567,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Stormzhou,Still in early access stage
76561198275764499,Recommended,394360,29212204,Posted: 12 January,all,stone,love it!
76561198043727466,Recommended,394360,29813071,Posted: 9 February,all,Henry,10/10 memes with dlc 8/10 memes without dlc
,Recommended,394360,29814952,Posted: 9 February,all,ogresav,"Great WW2 game, borderline simulator!"
76561198012742074,Recommended,394360,29815940,Posted: 9 February,all,gregan146,this game is amazing. very happy i bought it.
76561198164618211,Recommended,394360,35114661,Posted: 21 September,all,Joseph Stalin,"I do recommend this game, it is fun to play mostly with friends. Sadly if your alone just pick your damn country and go on! It really passes the time when I'm bored so I highly recommend it!"
76561197995714291,Recommended,394360,35115139,Posted: 21 September,all,ou812burke,"need hours of fun, then you need this game"
76561198058807361,Recommended,394360,35117467,Posted: 21 September,all,Hegbert,I very fun game with many layers of complexity.  You can spend hours with the base game and many more with the many mods that are available.
,Recommended,394360,35118412,Posted: 21 September,all,PEPSI MANNNNN| TF2SP,"Overall a good game.there is a little to much DLC, and peace needs to be made easier."
76561198146270982,Recommended,394360,33283834,Posted: 5 July,all,William Wallace,"OK, the Ai's terrible, and they just ramped up the prices before the summer sale. But on the other hand, they have mods, and I have spent most of the hours above playing. As of this review, that is 313 hours. That is a total of 1.8 weeks. Not DLC, not bought one thing. Cadet edition as well."
,Recommended,394360,33646311,Posted: 19 July,all,Malacia,I went to war with Germany as Poland and lost in 15 days. 10/10 simulation
76561198113370950,Recommended,394360,35415469,Posted: 2 October,all,Antonio_Toni,"I played it for a bit, good game!"
76561198112221042,Recommended,394360,35417986,Posted: 2 October,all,RasmusG5 csgogem.com,hard but fun
76561198196394949,Not Recommended,394360,34262640,Posted: 15 August,all,pawelrock,"Great game but so many bugs make it completely unplayable. Never experienced such bad technical experience. Looks like total amateur developer. Do they make it in the garage? No serious support either,"
76561198016685810,Recommended,394360,26545887,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mikey,Great Game!!I loved every single minute!
76561198311186082,Recommended,394360,26650299,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,robynelsey,great game to play if you are willing to put the time and effort into learning all the aspects of it
,Recommended,394360,26723045,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nervous Doggo,"Played multiplayer as germany and won a war against a reformed roman empire, in the treaty a guy went afk and 10 minutes later I see the words ""Berlin has fallen"" as the allies declared on me. 10/10"
76561198031012384,Recommended,394360,27985061,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,irishrepublic13,"As always Paradox does a great job at making a familiar topic both unique and interesting.  If you love WWII, if you love complex gameplay, and really if you love figuring out how to drop an A-Bomb on Great Britain, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,394360,27998501,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Paco Pantanos,"This is the second grand-strategy game from Paradox that I've played after Europa Universalis 4 (and BTW, the learning curve was for me as steep as EU4's), and although there are some mechanics (like battle plans) that are extremely useful, I've realized that the game lacks information overall. You can't see how many provinces (and VP) a country has, you can't see past battles easily, etc. Also, the AI sometimes acts dumb and makes weird decisions.On the other hand, I really like the production system and the template designer.Knowing Paradox, all these problems will surely be fixed in future DLCs, just like they did with EU4 and CK2. Even if I disagree with this model and the game has a lot of room for improvement, I overall really like it, and I would recomend it without a doubt."
76561198127825622,Recommended,394360,28101289,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,worst.player.ever,Gr8 game.  10/10 would play every day.
76561198217155800,Recommended,394360,28111186,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,HandJew,Literally got 29 hours in three days when I had two essays to write. It gud game.
76561198256363121,Recommended,394360,28113495,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Wir sind die Herren der Welt!,Nice game guys
76561198095098670,Recommended,394360,28125787,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RingBear,"I love this game! Even though the AI needs some work and the treaty system needs fixing, it is still a great game and I can't wait for it to get even better!"
76561198128753471,Recommended,394360,28211771,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki iv Damke,This game is probably the best strategy game I have ever played. The game is getting updates fixing the AI (which I think are just fine) and the game has a lot replayability. The mods the community are makeing are absoultely amazing and give this game a completely new experience.10/10
76561198081193522,Recommended,394360,28215481,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,[IG] rit,the time i have in this game as of writing this was all in one game i was germany and it was my first game so i gave myself the goal of at some point wipe out america and well they are in my faction now so well ya. i dont know what the end of the game is like because i went to go play another game as russia to see what was different and well i lost my germany save so becarful with saves maybe turn save to cloud. but all in all great game am abit sad that i spent so long in my first game just to have my save gone but still great game.   if i had to sum this game up in one line for me  it would be (and it would be yelling) WHY WONT YOU JUST GIVE UP RUSSIA
,Recommended,394360,28253740,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Scrooge McIngoez,War! What is it good for? Absolutely everything!
76561198225198320,Recommended,394360,28261875,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kinisha,"LOVE IT! This game is perfect for history fanatics and allows for some crazy possibilities that could have happened during the war. I've played as Fascist India, and Communist Briatin and even Argentina. Great game."
76561198194070618,Recommended,394360,28342278,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,tz,"Here's the thing: HOI4 is a marvellous game, but a game that did not expand and improve sufficiently from earlier iterations - and we're still not seeing the level of development we should, two days from the Together for Victory DLC. That said, it's an amazing game once you learn to live with its limitations and frustrating quirks."
76561198055073648,Recommended,394360,31516600,Posted: 2 May,all,zackzackmen,Addictive!
76561198052592763,Recommended,394360,31714334,Posted: 12 May,all,Donald Trump's hair,"Its quite a good game, after you download some mods... The base game will bore you to tears. I have been playing paradox games for a while now and believe this one certainly lacks the depth and has a lower level of engagment then other paradox games. I would suggest you buy this but only if it's on sale, otherwise its definetly not worth the investment."
76561198205448041,Recommended,394360,34090271,Posted: 7 August,all,Seva Pact Semppu1,very good game love it console cheats are good
76561198097982550,Recommended,394360,34091267,Posted: 7 August,all,WeNeEdCoMmUnIsM,10/10 would kill France again
76561198208442215,Recommended,394360,34103111,Posted: 8 August,all,garlic bread,Pretty good game if you ask me.Dont waist all your money on the overly priced DLCs that add content taht should have been in the base game to begin with.Otherwise good stratagy country game set in WWII.
,Recommended,394360,34645543,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr. Pinguin,"It's more of a war game than a grand strategy game, like other paradox titles, but it's good nonetheless"
76561198042442088,Recommended,394360,34719665,Posted: 3 September,all,rolfmjja,"A game of incredible complexity with a huge amount of replayability. I'll start witht the cons so I can get into the things I like about the game.CONS--1) TutorialThis and Crusader Kings 2 are the paradox titles I have put, by far, the most time into. This game, like CK2, has a daunting amount of complexity that is not explained effectively. One could easily spend 25 hours in this title and not feel that they have learned even enough information to even play, let alone excel at, the game. Paradox has perpetually offloaded the work of teaching people how to play their games to their community which is quite frustrating.2) DLCParadox has, justifiably, earned a reputation of selling DLC that arguably should have been in the game to begin with or simply doesn't add enough functionality to justify the price. In my opinion HoI4 is much better about this thank CK2, a game where playing the other major religion of the time period was a $15 dollar expansion, but there is still a fair amount of junk DLC for this title.3) Software glitches and bugsUnfortunately this titled has been riddled with bugs throughout my play. I have had several playthroughs ruined by game crashing bugs that corrupted entire 15-20 hour playthroughs. All software has bugs and it always will. Paradox has done, in my opinion, a good job of providing visibility into and corrections for their bugs, but these are, nonetheless, major problems.PROS-Now on to the good stuff. Its hard to put all the good of the title into a few bullet points like I did with the bad so forgive me for writing the following short novel. Make no mistake the games problems are present and should not be ignored, but this game is incredibly fun. Ever wanted to pretend you were an evil fascist dictator hell bent on taking over the world? Imagine no more. Want to see what a future might look like when the United States, France or any of the other western democracies embraced communism? Make it hapen. Make no mistake many games claim to give you a ""choose your own path"", but this game not only gives you the option, it provides mechanisms to make those decisions have more weight. Democracies can't declare war on nations that haven't generated world tension because their populations would reject it. Fascist nations don't want help in wars if they think they can win on their own because they don't want to share the spoils. The first time I played through this game I played as the German Reich (who doesn't want to play as the bad guys sometimes right?), and I basically ended up making all the same mistakes the real Hitler did. Second playthrough I corrected my mistakes. Allied up with Stalin to bring down the allies and keep the U.S. out of the war. Then turned my back on my former ally and invaded the USSR to achieve European hegemony.It's hard to put into words the power trip this game gives you when you are winning and the agony and fury it creates when you are losing, or worse, in a stalemate. Building up industry, commanding massive armies, conquering the world. This is what grand strategy is all about.VERDICT-So finally the verdict; yay or nay.For you grand strategy folks this game is a no brainer in my opinion unless the setting isn't interesting to you. This game is ultimately about World War II and what it might have looked like if different nations made different choices.If you are not traditionally an RTS or grand strategy fan I would say this is a somewhat harder sell. I would guess this game will take you 30+ hours of gameplay before you even feel like you understand the implications of your decisions. If that doesn't daunt you I say, tentatively, give it a try."
,Recommended,394360,25291981,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,gabrielyanakop,wonderful! just wonderful!
76561198027169522,Recommended,394360,25309606,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Wishman,9/10 would recomend
76561197984327895,Recommended,394360,25406335,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Wraith,"Purchased Hearts of Iron 4 -Had owned and played 1,2, and 3 - So jump right into the action because I am a pro:Lose to Poland as Germany by 1940.Go watch some Tutorials, realize how much I don't know. Now It's time to go back to the game.Things are going much better now! I actually supplied my Troops instead of giving them zero equipment, beat Poland, France, Norway - Things are going great. Time to take on the Soviets.Over run by Soviet Union like nothing.Back to the Tutorials -Figure out how to run the airforce.Figure out how to use the Navy.Return to game.Conquer the world9/10 - Would take three tries to Rule the world again."
76561198331414146,Recommended,394360,25658548,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,sherman101_2016,"This is a great game, needs a good computer, but it's still great. I haven't mastered it yet, but it's still fun.Toatally recommend."
76561198037208722,Recommended,394360,25693280,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,snowden_brian,"So i tried to return this after playing for 4 hours.  Past the limit, so Steam denied it.  I played 4 hours after a crap tutorial and couldnt figure it out.  I am glad they did deny it.  It forced me to go to YOUTUBE to watch some videos and start to understand the complexity of the game.  In turn, this made it a lot of fun.  I have played a lot, and learning the setup and then execution of the war is very cool.  There really are a lot of strategies to take.Germany, all subs and no other ships.  I have over 120 subs protecting my coasts.Germany, huge air fleet and all ground troops.  Have close combat planes, over 600, support them.There are tons of ways to play.  I dont always win, but it does give each play variety.Worth the buy and start with YouTube.  The tutorial will give you enough to know where to click, but not why."
76561197978498335,Recommended,394360,25998283,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mosey,This game is what my soul needed.  Integralist Brazil will rise again!
76561198039717044,Recommended,394360,26085227,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sombertax,A great game.But to easy compared to HOI3..
76561197991816198,Recommended,394360,26441629,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Splattered_Cat,"I haven't played any other Hearts of Iron game other than this one. That said, this game is really good. I think it probably took a good 30 hours to really get the the hang of this game and since then I've played the game with nearly every nation. The game is still immense fun and each nation is unique and interesting to play. It still feels like it's missing things though and I hope DLC go into more things other than more unique decision tree's. I also wish politcal thigns with other nations meant anything really. All in all it's a good game and well worth the price."
,Recommended,394360,26471212,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,2kilotons_of_fun,"I used to wonder how the Germans lost WWII, untill I played this game as Germany. I do not wonder any more but I do say ja a lot more."
,Recommended,394360,26505390,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,bearyxd,10/10 would seize means of production again
,Recommended,394360,27994689,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Uncle Phil,"Great game, but a very steep learning curve, at least for people new to the genre."
76561198308311329,Recommended,394360,28002593,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jordy Batters,great game!
76561198203513824,Recommended,394360,28106561,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Fred,10/10
,Recommended,394360,28127610,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Yesje,"Nice grand-strategy game, kind of hard to get into for new players but a nice addition to the HoI series."
,Recommended,394360,31519269,Posted: 2 May,all,The Rednecko,why there no nation Editor Paradox?
76561198353354149,Recommended,394360,31713103,Posted: 12 May,all,YourBigBlackDad,"It's very fun with mods, but the AI is broken."
76561198208487344,Recommended,394360,33250431,Posted: 4 July,all,FrostyBall,"7/10 will blitzkreig againand naval invade,and annex USSRand.. em.. Danzig all night"
76561198131830619,Recommended,394360,34709476,Posted: 3 September,all,Herib,Best strategic game I have ever played.
76561198283702329,Recommended,394360,34784054,Posted: 6 September,all,SOLDIERRFK,Fun with friends. Difficult to learn at first though. Needs a way better tutorial.
