user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198005657343,Not Recommended,394450,18500706,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Aureus,"As someone who played through and enjoyed the mobile iOS game all the way through the first two difficulty levels and mostly through the last, I'm disappointed by this port.  It feels incomplete in some sense, and almost lazy.For those not in the know, in the mobile version, kit/unit expansion was done through requisition purchases and in-app purchases (hereforth to be referred to as IAP), to buy cards packs.  These packs allow for you to get 3 cards, one marine and 2 items (with the chance for rare/epic cards).  This system made sense with IAP being a potential option for people who don't have the time to endlessly grind levels and get a chance at getting better marines or gear.I agree with the exclusion of in-app purchases, let me say that right here.  But without them, the way forward is unfortunately set to be a grindfest, with a pack at the end of every chapter.  Let's be honest, systems like these - with randomized rewards in a boosterpack like purchase are designed to encourage people to spend real-world money over and over on cards/items they don't need for the chance of getting something they want.  That's how it works with trading card games, that's how it works in mobile apps.  This system does not make sense in a premium game with no IAP, and as such should have been replaced with something else more fitting.Maybe non-randomised cards.  Gain more requisition per level like gold, buy a marine for X requisition, buy gear for X requisition.  Spend requisition on your existing gear to upgrade gear.  Meanwhile get exp on missions, level up and advance your marine.  And when your marine is capped, spend requisition to advance him to the next tier.  That's an example off the top of my head, and most likely would have been tweakable for a much better system than the one currently in place.  As it stands you get a small amount of req per level, can purchase tiny 3 card packs, and maybe trade in unused marines and items for small amounts of req, making obtaining better marines and gear a grindfest.  Not of the pleasurable kind.Furthermore, the 3 Enhanced Edition chapters are not complete, and do not progress past tier 2, while the other 3 go to tier 4.  Also, the graphics aren't even visibly that much better and there is still no multiplayer.TLDR: feels lazy, exp/buying marine system broken, incomplete bonus chapter rosters, still no multiplayer.  If you really liked the mobile one and want to grind your way through the game on PC go for it i guess..."
76561198006447593,Not Recommended,394450,18546055,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Wighammer,"A VERY lazy and obvious port of an IOS game. The UI is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the gameplay is incredibly simplistic, and the music is just a boring, generic background track on loop?If they actually, you know, ENHANCED the base game, built on it, this could have been a really great game. An XCOM style game set in Warhammer 40k with Deathwatch Spehs Mehreens? Hell yeah, I'd love that.This, though, is just lazy. There is little in the way of tactics, enemies just run at you. The UI is unintuitive and very clearly taken from IOS.Come on Games Workshop, you're sitting on a GOLDMINE of an IP in Warhammer 40k. How about making some GOOD video games with it?"
76561198029904073,Not Recommended,394450,18564390,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Turoki,"This could have been something.Another lazy mobile port from iOS. Interface remains mobile (tap, swipe) and no UI changes were made that I can tell.Graphics are great for Ipad or Iphone. For PC, its just muddy, dark, and uninteresting.During my time with the game, I only heard one track of music that was on a constant loop. Since publishing this review, the person who worked on the music for this game has commented and also linked his site with some clips of the audio. I stand corrected, as its quite good, and really sets a nice atmosphere for the game. While it doesnt help the rest of the port, I cant fault the music at all.Link to some clips posted with permission (Thanks Mattock):http://www.whitewallmusic.com/warhammer-40k-deathwatch-ost/I have refunded my copy of this game. If you see it on sale for $5, and you dont have expectations, give it a shot. At this price, its certainly not worth it."
76561197970350774,Not Recommended,394450,18572130,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Metso,"The game has fine art assets but seriously lacks in features. This was a mobile game and it shows. The fact that this costs over 20€ is absurd. Only get this if you're a die hard 40k fan boy/girl. It's really a shame because this game has a good vibe. The devs clearly know their lore and are enthusiastic about the universe. If only this was made with a bigger team and a bigger budget.The Good:- Nice art. The planets look and feel different. The space marines look bad♥♥♥♥♥- Functional turn-based combat. It's really basic, but works fine.- All weapon classes are significantly different and have synergies with individual space marines.- The chapters look and feel different. Sometimes they even banther with each other during a mission. You get different results depending who you have with you. Rank also matters.The Bad:- XP system is flawed. You can basically farm experience on many maps. Enemies spawn endlesly and can be killed before they do any damage. Without farming, progress is really slow. Also Marines come in 4 ranks. Higher ranked marines are just plain better than your lower ones. But you need to level them up from the beginning if you want them to shine. This pretty much mean you need to grind xp if you want to upgrade your squad. You get 1 random marine in a card pack. More on this subject on the looting topic below.- No sound options. DansGame- Game breaking bugs on launch.- Loot system is really bad. This was originally a mobile game with microtransactions. You bought packs that gave loot with real money. This game has those packs as well, but you get them by completing a set of missions. The packs and mission rewards are random so you can get the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over. That means you have to grind if you want the good stuff. You can also buy those packs with an in-game currency, but the economy for that is horrible as well.- Animations are really slow and cannot be skipped. This applies to cut-scenes as well. Enemy animations can be made to go faster, but your's can't. This will get frustrating later in the game."
,Recommended,394450,18508459,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Hobbes,"The Space Hulk we perhaps needed, but alas, not the one we deserved.Deathwatch - Enhanced Edition represents Rodeo Games first ""in house"" port from iOS to the Steam Platform. It's their first serious go at converting a paidmium title from IoS into a truly premium experience that doesn't necessitate further payments on the Steam platform, and in doing so they've rebalanced the economy, converted the graphics engine over to UE4, given the graphics a serious spitshine, as well as gone over the various UI systems to make them keyboard and mouse friendly.In Deathwatch you control a team of five marines (Stop me when this starts sounding familiar), trudging down narrow corridors, setting up killzones and killing tyranids who charge into your firing range as they swarm towards you en masse, praying you mow them down quicker than they spawn towards you, and they will come in floods, so eventually you'll be overwhelmed. The trick is to finish whatever the mission is before you end up as Tyranid nom nom. All of this happens in a top down, turn based singleplayer environment where you spend AP's on each marine setting up overwatches and taking shots at opponents using probability to hit.Hang on! I think I HAVE heard this before...So. To recap. Small team of heavily armoured SPESS MAHREENS. Narrow corridors. Tyranid threat. Chance to hit. Turn based. Swarms of them. Few of you. Sounds like Space Hulk doesn't it?That's because barring a few changes here and there, you'd be forgiven that you were playing a very polished version of Space Hulk, at times you're more or less doing exactly that, just with a mixed chapter of space marines and without a librarian or psyker to back you up (which sucks). The marines move pretty slowly and are clunky buggers, with overwatch limiting them to a ninety degree cone of fire. Setting up overlapping killzones is order of the day and making sure their backs are protected so tyrannids don't -eat them- is sortof vital.The best of the Emperor's armaments...Unlike the Space Hulks that are already on steam, the levelling system has a little more finesse, taking cues from Dark Souls, where here you won't permanently lose a marine if he's downed, but you WILL lose any unbanked XP, it's a clever system, ensuring that you're always balancing risk with reward, and as the later levels get tougher, you'll need to string together multiple wins in order to power that marine through the later stat boosts. Additionally you can further customise the Marines through their wargear choices and their weapons, the latter has a noticable visual effect which is a nice flourish.Marines too, visually distinguish themselves from one another, with higher tier marines having more detail than their cannon fodder baseline cousins. The loot system is all held together by a ""card"" system which awards you cards for missions completed, and the chance to earn points which can be spent on card packs of three which can yield some very high end gear and marines for your deathsquad. All of this hangs together well, and gives both a sense of interest and progression, since there's always the chance of landing a high tier marine that could really help your squad or a really neat bit of loot that you can equip.... and the worst of the Emperors decisions...However, counter to this is that the game has a really perfunctory mission structure, with short,  mobile focussed missions that are very, very bitesized. I got through the better end of twelve missions in an hour, only to be stuck with a bug that locked me up for ages and had me sending mails to the developer whilst I waited for my save game to get sorted out. This is NOT a long game, and worse, there's no random mission generator as there has been in say, Rodeo's other games (Hunters 2 springs to mind), so the longevity of this title as is, is deeply suspect.Then there's the so called enhanced content, which includes additional marines from the other chapters, except it doesn't really, because they've only included tier 1 versions and a tier 2 veteran along with tier 2 loot for one item. In short, for building a high end team, you won't be using the enhanced content for anything other than flavour, it's a stunted, unfinished tree that desperately needs fleshing out if it's to feel as complete and as enhanced as Rodeo claims on the advertising blurb.Closing thoughtsThis game is tricky. Part of me wants to like it, because there's the soul of a good Space Hulk game in here, but as it stands? It's not -good enough- to recommend to the public as is. Therefore I recommend with strings attatched. At the price point being asked, I would wait, because they're asking too much for what's on offer. With the enhanced content fully fleshed out, that would justify the pricing, but it's not, so right now this is strictly a ""For the fans"" game. Otherwise, hold fire, wait for the inevitable discount.Verdict :Wait for a discount to hit, then get it. This particularly applies if you do NOT own Space Hulk and would like to try out a Space Hulk type gameWriter and columnist forJust Reviews, where you can get similar fine reading material. Join our group, follow our curations, and throw me a like if you would like to keep up to date with our efforts!"
,Recommended,394450,32755203,Posted: 24 June,all,Mysthawk,"Firstly, I can100% completely understandthe negative reviews. This is very clearly a mobile port, and the control scheme is indicative of that. Not to mention the occasional references to tapping the screen that someone forgot to remove/change.However,as a game, it makes sense. Sure, the card packs and equipment gains are slow and grindy without the microtransactions, but you know what? When is a game like this not? You signed on for this when you got the game that the equipment drops would be random. Also, you really shouldn't feel entitled to be handed everything quite so easily, because it takes away the excitement when you finally roll that card you were looking for.If you like squad turn-based combat, and are a fan of Warhammer 40K, I'd recommend this on a sale. It's a nice, clean time killer that looks quite pretty fullscreen. And I've not had a bug break the game yet."
76561198061160594,Recommended,394450,20079118,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Perfidy,"First Off let me just say, that I read the reviews and 90% of your negative reviews involve a game I neither heard of nor played. So they are so not relevant. This game is on a totally different platform and any other game shouldn't be compared in order to give a truly relevant review. If you're going to review a game review the game, not the other game you played and now come and say this game sucks.MY REVIEW:I enjoy this game very much, it's a great turn based tactical strategy game with an element of random gear being bought or attained the more you play, as well as new marines. This is the first Squad based stategy game I've really enjoyed playing in a real long time. The missions are short and can be done in 10 to 15 min, so if you need a quick game and go you can do that, and the game is auto saved and loads when you start up. Which some may not like but for me who plays during work between calls it's amazing.The fact I don't know what I'm getting as far as gear goes makes it a little more interesting and a challenge and I enjoy that fact. It's a fun and enjoyable game. If you like Turn Based Squad level action games I'd highly recommend it. I've gotten enjoyment enough that I've written a review and to be honest I've never even written one, but with so many negative reviews because of some other game someone else made I figured it should get a good one from me. After all we all don't play every single game we come across, on every single gaming system made by man. I know I don't. so play the game with an open mind and open heart and enjoy it for what it is. A great game. Don't judge it based on someone elses game or work. Cause it shouldn't be, cause it's not that Game!"
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,394450,18529596,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"Load of console lazy ported poop.  Naff all detail to be seen, nothing on screen bar billy basic icons that look like visual basic info boxes.  No turn number, no marine icons, no info in battle or after a battle on what or how many mobs they killed.  Nothing but bland, boring icons at the bottom that do not even have any information on mouse over what they are!!!.  You cannot even turn off the music and only way is to just delete the music folder in the games directory works just fine.  Naff all options for setup and KB settings are a joke.The logic for play is to basic by far.  I can understand designing a simple game for simple minds with big wallets but this is not good enough for many PC gamers as we like more than 2 buttons to press and dam sight more information on what is going on when we play.  No way would I say well done for a great port when this should have been a pure PC title being its GW and 40K not some cheap crap that floods steam store .  Also its not worth £17 more like £10, its not like they made any real effert with the port as it stands.The claims for the rewards after battle and even the level of loot to be gained I would take with a pinch of salt, my 1st 3 looted items was the same bloody T2 hand flamer then 5 times after that the same bloody power axe, also it seems odd when you sell an item it does not matter which tier it is they all sell the 4 credits  each,  so a T1 item is the same value as T3.The only thing I do like is the weapon FX and sounds they make, as least the sound engineer knew what he was doing, the models and animation fit the bill but then how can you go wrong with material that has been around for over 30 years, the maps/lighting/control  are well below an average standard for a PC game on a larger than an IPad screen.  Shame realy when you incrrease the size of textures bigger than a mobile phone screen it just goes all crap.  So much better to port down than up as you can not add what was never there.Cannot see any mob AI at all, all it does is spawn mob and head strate for player, on one map I just camped the bridge near the exit point till all my marines got over 30k exp each then purchased all the skill/traits once the map finished when I decided I was bored enough to move the marines over the exit icons.  How simple would it be to add at least a timer to cap the exp given on any map, but no, that seems to hard a thing to do.  But then the logic is written for an Ipad and no way would they sit there for hours on the same map camping as there batteries would die.Once last point is the CPU untilization for this was using 2 cores at 100% constant, why? out of my collection of 600+ games installed this is the worst I have seen, its not like its doing much.UI 1/10Music 0/10Maps 2/10Sound FX 8/10Models 8/10AI -5/10its a port -50/10"
76561197997525990,Not Recommended,394450,18710434,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Regalius,"I am writing this review with the caveat that if they remedy the major issues with this game, I will rewrite it.Right now, I have to suggest that you DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Too many people are having one of several gamebreaking bugs, which may have something to do with a memory leak in the coding. It is crashing in multiple different ways for dozens of people, check the forum. These issues should have been removed in Beta testing.It has been a week since I emailed Rodeo Games on this issue (Giving them my dxdiag), and while they were polite I have received no help or communication since then. They did not suggest any fixes or what the problem might be. They are aware of the bug and are not responding to it properly. I am no 'Rocket Surgeon' but I am capable with computers and know my way around a file system, so it is really disappointing to have no presence on this as I am confident any information would help.Some people have found changing security settings to work, but this is only for one iteration of the bug. Others say it is an issue with the Unreal engine, and that may be plausible.The main bug most people experience stalls you at the Logo bar and initiates a linear increase memory leak until it crashes or your computer freezes. This is called the 'black box' bug because that is what you will end up staring at until you restart your computer.I have seen people running it on youtube, but that is the developer release and I am not sure it has the same coding. I want to like this game. I want to play it, even despite the issues with overly simplistic gameplay mechanics. I can't recommend it though.Not when:A) there are so many people who can't play the game, even with fitting specsB) It is a higher price than the version it is ported fromC) It hasn't been optimized from that port.D) It is buggy even besides this.E) The in game economy is broken because they were too lazy to rewrite the Pay to play market code.If you ABSOLUTELY have to own EVERY 40k game, and you experience no gamebreaking bugs, this is still not a $30 game. Wait for a HEAVY discount on a steam sale and wait for them to patch the code.Look at all the reviews and the one word you will see the most is LAZY. Everything about this game from what I can see is half-asked and lazily done. They didn't polish this game and I wonder if they even stress tested the game between releasing it as a FTP and as a PC port.Unacceptable behavior that is becoming too common in the games industry. This is disrespectful to the customer base.TL;DR: BROKEN GAME FOR MANY, BEWARE AND RESERVE TIME FOR YOUR REFUND IF YOU ATTEMPT TO RUN IT."
,Not Recommended,394450,18530857,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Manesni,"would not recommend this game, it's crashed several times while trying to start it up and has frozen a few time mid mission requiring me to quit the mission thus resetting all my marines back to 0 xp.on top of that there really isn't that much depth or content to the game, certainly not worth the asking price. probably 10 euro's at max."
76561197995896481,Not Recommended,394450,18553652,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mean Teddies,"Unfortunantely because this was a VERY lazy port alot of what this game had going for it is just totally ruined.Pros.Very tactics ogre like with simplier to the point controls.Lots of space marine team builds.Pretty accurate weapons according to the lore *Flamers are actually worth a damn.*Very easy to pick up and put down.Great depth in unit collection, leveling, gear and quality of gear.Graphics look great, the feel of the game is really cool for anyone who loves space marines.Cons.No Sound options in the menu.Seriously lazy port, lots of options that should be mandatory for the PC don't even exist. It's really embarrassing.Tons of bugs at the moment, it's obvious the company did not know what it was getting itself into with porting to a PC.I actually really liked the game and am hoping the company gets around to fixing stuff, but as is.... it's rather unplayable.If it does get fixed I will be changing my review."
76561197972349889,Not Recommended,394450,23955836,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Greybishop,"I do not recomend this game simply for the harshness the game takes on the player for bad programming on the developer's part.I had been enjoying my experience, making my way through the campaign. I had thought the lack of music a bit odd, but apperently it is ""atmospheric."" I was on the first mission of chapter two, when one of my marines deployed on the far side of the map and I had to keep him alive. The rest of the squad met up with him, as I crushed wave after wave of tyranid bolt catchers. I moved one of my marines onto a bridge, next to another marine, to grant more covering fire. The marine seemingly teleported to the spot that I had moved him, and showed he still had an action despite taking all four moves.After this, the game would not respond. The other marines had taken their actions already, so no way to command them. Just a marine who claimed to have one action left, who was also not responding to any commands. The end turn button would not pop up, escape would not work, enter, and space would not work. I did not want to lose the progress made on the mission, but I was left with no choice but to leave and restart.That is when the game hit me with an over costly fine. I had 1k to 2k experience on each marine because I needed around 3k to get the next skill point. Leaving the game wiped out all of their experience that had been saved up, which was one to two missions worth. I went to the steam forums, to see why there would be such a heavy fine. What I found was post after post of people compaining about the bug I had encountered and how the developers had effectively abandoned the game after launch. This game has been out for months and still has game stalling bugs. Development decisions make those bugs game breaking. I do not recommend this game to anyone, even during a steam sale."
76561197998580705,Not Recommended,394450,32686506,Posted: 23 June,all,Mikey,"It's a port of a mobile game, and it shows. Especially the whole campaign mode which reeks of micropayments - the micropayments are gone, but the result is an incredibly slow grindy gameplay, complete with random rewards.I love the 40K lore, and I have bought many of the Warhammer/40K titles, but I cannot recommend this game. While the port is fine from a technical point of view, it doesn't work in most other ways."
76561198064156262,Recommended,394450,21615218,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ollie8113,"Back in the day Steam was what every gamer dreamed about: a centralized place to allow for non-mainstream games to exist and where patches/updates and valuable troubleshooting tips could easily be found.  So where do these negative ♥♥♥♥♥y gamers come from?  I have no idea.  I looked up some of my most favorite games and the first 10 reviews or so are all negative thumbs down from gamers who like the game and have 100 hours + in.  What the heck is that?So now onto Warhammer Deathwatch.  The first set of negative reviews are from gamers who liked the game so much they bought both the tablet/mobile versions and the PC versions.  I have never heard of anyone buying 2 versions of the same game.  You're upset that the newer version didn't have the content you expected?  Really?  Any smart buyer would tell you to wait to see the content it had. Is it the be all and end all of all WH40K squad turn based games?  Maybe not but is it awesome and enjoyable?  Absolutely.  At first it seems like a very simple format with not much too it, but as the levels increase, your quest for cards becomes an addiction, and detailing your squad out with champions, heroes and new gear makes it a lovable format.   And what other squad turn based game set in WH40K are you going to play?  Get off it!Some gripe its a cash grab?  Are you kidding me?  WH40K squad turn-based????  That is a niche of all gamers.  There's not many of us to cash grab from.  Not to mention the detail that went into this game is a labor of love.Simply put its a good game that is very enjoyable.  What I like about it?  Very easy to learn and go through the missions.  So much so that when you beat the campaign it ups the difficulty, and I played through both upped difficulties.  Let's you play with many cool chapters and heroes.  Many customization options with a huge variety of weapons and leveling up options.  At the end of the day its addictive and fun.  Its not perfect but it is great value.Worthy thoughts for improvement are:-AI is dull, comes straight at you after spawning which is ultimately fine but sometimes it moves melee guys infront of shooters who then cant shoot.-The card system is random meaning you could put a 100hrs in and never get the card (marine/gun/misc option) that you're looking for... totally agree with another reviewer requisition points should be used to unlock cards or a tech tree to work towards what card you want.  Though at the same point it does make it addictive to play through the campaign again at higher difficulties...-the campaign is quite easy and short, maybe a 3 - 4 missions are tough.  On the next level of difficulty it gets a bit more challenging and on the last difficulty setting every mission becomes incredibly tactical where any miss step could mean the entire loss of your squad.  The quickness makes replay value very enjoyable as you give it a go with different squads-if you're guy dies you only lose XP not a permanent death-there should be different movement between regular squad members to assault marines to the devastator marines, they all have the same movement points and cover the same amount of squares.  Assault marines should have jump capabilities or cover more ground with their movement points.-Devastator marines are weirdly balanced.  They have the heaviest guns which are great against big targets but require 2ap to fire when confronted with more targets they can easily get overwhelmed.  Does it make sense my devastator with his heavy bolter facing 4 small targets can only take out 2 if he hits?  Shouldn't he be able to take out all if they're in the line of fire?-no real mission preview; would be nice to able to customize your team for the type of mission (you're only given a vague idea of the mission) and you cannot restart as quitting the mission ends in a defeat whereby you lose all XP for all characters-you cannot reset the game to start againAll in all this is a fine turn based game for the price, nothing special but Iove it.  It has a lot of potential and if they start generating alot of DLCs then this can be one heck of a game.  We will have to see what comes of it.  Highly recommended if you're looking for a squad turn based game."
76561198027988384,Not Recommended,394450,18555340,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Richard Longstroke,"Same mission has crashed twice now, enemy turn just doesn't end... If I could save BEFORE the mission and start over that would be awesome, but no.  You have to quit the mission, lose all xp, and then start over. Love 40k, but this is just too lazy and buggy to be fun. Requesting refund!"
76561197972321726,Not Recommended,394450,23146362,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TheSeabassinator5000,"I really regret getting this game, It is shallow in gameplay and only added 3 chapters that go only up to Tier II. Both in marines and weaponry, meaning they are obsolete very quickly. The developers having not responded at all to ANYONE in an entire year, with only one patch to the game tells you alot about how dead in the void this game is. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,394450,24339253,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,firewing2,"This game is pretty fun, and while the ""pay to win"" grind ported over, the game play and increased difficulty/increased drop quality make it not so bad.  It's not nearly as good a tactics game as XCom, for example, but the traits and the different weapons make it playable.  Definitely worth $10-$15 if you get it on sale.That said, it gets a thumb down because of the bugs.  You can find several threads in the forum of people complaining for the last year, and emailing the devs, with no response about achievements that don't trigger, and other bugs.I love WH40k, but I've played cell phone games with more polish than this, and if the devs won't fix the broken achievements, they don't deserve a positive review."
76561198034908082,Recommended,394450,18699307,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Bane,"Ok so, I discounted this game early on after purchasing it and playing for a couple of hours, but stick with it and it grows on you, there is a definite semblance of quality that did manage to seep from the port. The most obviously stated error with this port is looting. Ok so it would have been hard to re-structure than entire loot system without making a whole new game, but couldn't it have been tweaked just a bit to have some coherency? That aside once you accept the fact that you'll get more time with your space marine buddies than you anticipated on some of the same levels more than you thought you would, it becomes ok. The games strongpoint in my opinion is the number of chapter specific weapons and characters. Being a big 40k nerd really goes a ways when it comes to overlooking some of the issues that others have brought up.Could it have been better? absolutely.Could it have been made better? I have no doubt.Should the load times be questioned? I am questioning the load times myself.If you are a fan of turn based and w40k should you get it? Very most likely probablyDo I wish Rodeo games left this on the port table and made a dedicated PC game? absotively"
76561198029640083,Not Recommended,394450,31762963,Posted: 14 May,all,Gheist,"XCOM meets 40K; I am a fan. I love the idea of a kill team based way and what better way to do it than with Ordo Xenos vs the great devourer?. Each faction has their unique traits that can be unlocked that are personal to their chapter. You kill enemies to gain the EXP you need to unlock traits, wargear slots, as well as the ability to upgrade a marines health. accuracy, and critical % chance. You will also be rewarded with ""Inquistion"" points that can be used to get card packs. Each pack has 3 cards and at the end of each mission you are awarded one card. The cards unlock gear, weapons, as well as new marines.Personally I think this is the best in game modeling for the tyranids, they looked terrible in dawn of war 2. They look spot on in this and it's cool seeing them fleshed out. At first I was a little worried there were just gaunts but they pepper in some larger bugs relatively soon and then maintains a steady variety.Now for some things they REALLY need to change. The fact that an apothecary has to unlock his narthecium (healing ability) is goofy as all hell to me because essentially he is useless for quite some time and you don't start the game with him, he is a random unlock. This means you are going to be running around with a jackass with a bolt pistol for about 5 or 6 missions when you would much rather have well......anyone else.  He has other really exspensive abilities too so it's kind of ridiculous at some points trying to kill some of the stuff with just a bolt pistol. I would recommend giving him something master crafted if you have it or grenades.By far my biggest complaint though is the fact that if you quit a mission if you have to go or are just done with the game, it DELETES ALL OF YOUR EXPERIENCE POINTS. WHAT IN THE ACTUAL♥♥♥♥♥♥! I had been saving mass EXP to unlock some of the higher end triats, I quit to main menu instead of quitting to windows and ALL of my EXP was wiped, WHY ARE YOU PUNISHING SOMEONE FOR STOPPING A SINGLE PLAYER GAME?! It is not only infuriating but I instantly lose interest in the game just because of a completely unnecessary game mechanic.Also if a space marine dies, he loses ALL of his experience, not just the experience from the level. This is enough to make me not want to play the game, period.I cannot recommend this game for two reasons1: Experience is an enormous factor in this game, and it can be taken away due to nonsense.2. The fact that the balance in the game simply does not exist. A melta gun or a plasma gun can't kill a genestealer in one hit? A heavy bolter takes more than one shot to kill anything? A flamer only attacks in a straight line instead of a cone? A chainsword can miss??? Who made this game and thought that any of this was okay?"
,Recommended,394450,34065087,Posted: 6 August,all,bad_rain,"Well, obviously... Deathwatch is an iOS game ported to PC. ""Enhanced"" means just better looking (still far from PC standards). So, don't except any high concept... it's a simple turn-based game. If you need comparison - XCOM, but faaaaar more basic. Is it any good? Well, it's decent.Still, there are things you need to know about Deathwatch before you buy.This is a grindfest. Missions give you XP, you unlock new ""cards"" - marines, new gear. You'll be encouraged to reply every mission to farm more items or better squadmates. I've managed to reach almost 70% of the game without any farming, but ... i got to a point where my best marines were slaughtered like sheep. So, farming XP and better gear was a necessity. In the iOS version you could buy equipement packs for real money - here you need to replay most lucrative missions to the point of complete boredom. Tactics, planning - not really important here.So, waste of time? Well, i know that some people enjoy that kind of gameplay. Collecting ""cards"", filling that equipement checklists, getting all the possible Space Marines. I'm not really into that. If you're searching for a deep, tactical expierence, check elsewhere.Still, i'm giving it a thumbs up. It's a competent little game, just not for me."
76561198040568279,Not Recommended,394450,33459862,Posted: 11 July,all,solar cult,"This game is solid at it's core, but it has major issues making it hard to play.The animation speed is terribly slow with no way to speed up animations on your turn.The game freezes so frequently it's practicly unplayable in later levels. I've had the game freeze on the enemy's turn 3 times on one level with the only solution to alt f4 out and try again. Once the game froze so I closed and reopened it only for it to freeze imediantly.The game is alright but not worth the trouble nor the slow pace and slow animations."
,Recommended,394450,24942154,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Pixel Skull,"This game needs to be more popular between the fans , pretty much a space hulk but cooler and of course no term guysbottom line is the codex astartes support this game without a doubt and you should too"
76561198002556639,Recommended,394450,18787936,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gratuitous Lurking,"Many people will instantly judge this game due to it being a 'hackneyed IOS port that doesn't belong on the glorious PC engine' or complain about it's more lackluster porting issues.As a person that's been wanting a decent 40k tactical game, however, this hits more buttons than I ever could have hoped for, considering the starvation of somewhat-cheap turn-based tactical games as of late.STORY - 4/5Relatively basic as far as 40K is concerned, and requires a small amount of knowledge of things in the universe to get all the offhand remarks and comments caught. To make a long story short, you're the field command of a tactical squad of the Deathwatch, a coallition of other Space Marine chapters opted in to work with the Ordo Xenos of the Inquisition. In this situation, a sector known as Astolat is under the threat of the Tyranids, essentially space locusts that eat planets bare of any bio-organic life that fuels the creation of even more Tyranids, that are slowly chugging towards the center of the galaxy. Your job: Ensure the Hive Fleet is mired here, and if possible, keep it from passing through the sector. Again, simplistic but servicable for 40k and doesn't pull a 'LOL CHAOS WAS BEHIND IT ALL ALONG!' stick.GAMEPLAY - 3.5/5The gameplay is still heavily based off it's IOS roots, with controls almost all capable with just Left Mouse, though some things have been tagged with hotkeys, making a chain of Overwatch setups that much more easier. Each soldier has access to 4 AP (by default) per turn, allowing them to move, shoot, or do other actions with those AP over that turn. As far as my experience with the game goes, Your marines are split into four combat classes (Assault, Devastator, Tactical, and Apothacary) who each have preferred weapons and get special skills depending on the Chapter the marine belonged to, with each portrait type denoting what capabilities and abilities that specific marine may have. Everything in the game has a 1-4 Tier rank as well, so the higher the tier, the more special abilities or stronger the thing is defaultly. The tyranid units, while more numerous in the map, tend to act like cannon fodder to a squad of well-trained marines, though in later levels you will meet tougher enemies, up to and including massive 3x3 tiled monstrosities that require heavy weapons and well-trained marines to take down, and managing where the marines are and where they're going.PROGRESSION - 2/5Easily the most annoying part of the game, and sadly where the port nature comes to bear the most. In order to get more wargear (and marines) you must complete missions, which will grant a random wargear item, and 20-40 Requisition Points (varies by difficulty options, but you can't do difficulty options until you finish the game's 40 or so levels once). These requisition points are used to purchase booster packs, an obvious replacement for a previous F2P cash shop mechanic from the IOS version. This also means that by the time you run into your first major hurdle (like, say, the first Carnifex fight), you may not have the right equipment to face off against it, and thus be forced to grind until the RNG gods bless you with a godly marine/weapon combo for taking down large beasts. The marine's progressions is a bit more tolerable- each marine can gain exp during missions, with most exp to an individual coming from landing killing blows (and each kill giving a small sum to every survivor as well). This banked EXP can then be used to unlock abilities, traits, and level the marine's health/accuracy/crit rate, as far as I can tell the stat buffs are unlimited, with a constantly-increasing buffer of EXP to reach per level. If a marine dies in action, you'll lose that banked EXP however, which makes really grinding a high-leveled marine's exp a bit hard if you're not just tricking a endless-spawn mission for EXP grind (Burning Bridges comes to mind...)IMMERSION - 9/5Why yes, I broke my scoring system for this gag, what of it. The setting and presentation of the game is easily the BEST of any 40k game released in the last 5 years, Dawn of Wars included. Viewing the world of the 41st Millenium in a tactical level is why I pine for a Dark Heresy game built like Shadowrun, and while our Deathwatch marines don't actively meet any friendlies in the adventure (as far as I'm aware), the world looks absolutely gorgeous, thanks to the use of the Unreal engine. Even the lowliest of Ultramarine Tacticals have unique visual differences over other chapters that help to show off the units, and the splendor only grows as you get higher-tier units adn the eye candy shows more. The unique chapters for the Enhanced Edition in particular are especially visually delightful, of particular note the Dark Angel Veteran, and the other unique units of the chapters ain't too far off. Another thing, something that not much of the promotional work seems to touch on, is the bantar that goes between your squadmates. Blood Angel, Space Wolf, and Ultramarine squad members will talk between each other, from jabs about chapter stereotypes to musings on if the Emperor would be unhappy about the Ecclisiarchy, to questioning if they are indeed fighting a losing battle for the planets of the sector. The only reason this wasn't marked a 10 was because the Enhanced Edition chapters weren't included in the banter.TL;DRIt's rough around the edges, and if you are allergic to grinding you'll drive yourself nuts here, but otherwise the averageness of the gameplay tends to get overshadowed by the close-up look of Tyranid Hiveships, torn-apart cities, and corroding Imperial bunkers, and your squadmates talking casually as they mow through hordes upon hordes of the Tyranid menace. If you're looking for a turn-based tactics game where your soldiers aren't made of tissue paper, you can't really go wrong with Deathwatch."
,Not Recommended,394450,18522908,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jainay,"So first of all, I bought this game immediately since it is Warhammer40K and a turnbased game. Both huge thumbs up for me. It is a good game, I do believe that, just that I've run into two annoying things now.First was picking the wrong mission, and not wanting to play it again (since I just played it), I quit the mission, losing ALL XP on ALL marines. Not cool, but I was like whatever.Then the next mission, where I am now, stuck writing this review in hope of help, after the initial objective is done, the enemy turn just doesn't end. I'm stuck there looking at the frozen screen of no movement and hearing Tyranid yelps from the sides. So in that it is a good game, it is a buggy port as of now, and will have my thumbs down (and yes, I don't wanna abandon another mission for something that isn't my fault)"
,Recommended,394450,25893999,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nightmare!,"Warhammer 40K: Deathwatch is a cautionary tale of why we, as gamers, can't have nice things.  Created by the now-good-as-defunct Rodeo games, Deathwatch initially appeared on iOS first and served as one of the greatest turn based strategies on that platform.  Similar to a simpler, stripped-down XCOM, Deathwatch still showed a surprising amount of depth for an iOS game, coupled with attractive Unreal Engine 4 graphics.  It's strength was firmly rooted in its staggering array of reliquary items, space marine variations drawing from various chapters and its surprisingly deep tactical gameplay.Spacemarines and reliquary items come in four tiers, with Tier IV items being of the legendary variety.  A truly impressive variety and attention to detail is lavished upon the space marines and all the weapons all have unique traits and identities.  Space marines  can gain levels and can spend XP to obtain chapter-specific traits and abilities.  Each marine can also hold various reliquary items that may boost or augment his abilities.Selecting the correct five-man squad that will complete over 40 missions is up to you.  The tactics you employ and the speed at with which you also progress are also up you.  Obviously, some load outs are more effective than others.  A team of high level devastators with Tier-IV plasma cannons will obliterate most targets quickly.  A balanced team with strong-melee powerfist front-liners will make short work of most groups.The story isn't epic but it is satisfactory and once you can complete the campaign, you can reattempt it in two sequentially higher difficulty levels.  Obviously the allure of the game is to obtain all the space marines and gear so that you can customize your squad to represent your notion of what a multi-chapter Deathwatch team should look like.  With that goal, the game succeeds marvelously.However, the game has painful flaws that will dissuade any but the most hardened and ardent WH40K fans.  For starters, the game lacks any depth outside the combat zone and you don't have access to base-building.  The enemies amount to horde waves of Tyranids.  The game would have benefited tremendously from other enemy races, like Chaos, Orks, Eldar, Tau or Necrons.  Even the offering of such content via DLC would have been welcome.And yet, despite the game's overall good quality on iOS, it sold in middling numbers and Rodeo was unable to continue developing new enemies, maps, coop, multiplayer and other promised content.  In short, the developer's funds dried up.  The lack of monetary support also undermined its ability to develop the Steam version, leading to crushing bugs that affect visibility, lack of tooltips, bad achievement glitches and even crashes.The added chapters on the Steam platform version are poor shadows of the original three and almost no new weapons or items were added.  Consequently, the iOS version is a far better value.  Finally, because the iOS version had IPA to purchase packs to accelerate the unlocking of rare marines and items, the grind was limited.  The Steam version has no access to such a storefront and, consequently, only requisition can be used to purchase packs and items.  That results in an impossible level of grind that diminishes the game's fun dramatically.  Luckily I was able to grab my iOS save game which had 250 hours on it and port it into Steam so that I could slingshot my development without grinding all over again.It's a shame that Rodeo wasn't able to complete its vision for its game.  The game lacks a ton of content and features that would elevate it to an extremely competent and fun TBS experience.  As it stands, the game is a great foray into strategy-based gameplay for avid WH40K fans.  When juvenile and simplistic games like PokemonGo rack up 45 million downloads while complex, rich games like this one wither on the iOS vine, ... that, is why we can't have nice things.A worthy pickup for WH40K fans. 7.5/10.Not so much for anyone else 5.5/10."
,Recommended,394450,31690951,Posted: 11 May,all,General Kass,"It's OK.I recommend it, but it's only OK.In Deathwatch (a PC port of an IOS game) you control 5 space marines in a mission to...kill some stuff. Just about every mission can be broken down to either ""defend for X number of turns"" or ""Go to location Y."" The gameplay is simplistic, but gratifying. Identify enemy, shoot enemy, take cover, end turn. Level ups, traits, and perks keep things fresh; but there's a massive overarching issue.As an IOS game, Deathwatch originally came with microtransactions. These have since been removed, but the collectible card system still remains. A new card pack is unlocked every 4th level and contains a new marine and 2 pieces of rare loot. Additional card packs can be unlocked by donating 5 items every 4 levels. The problem is that this sets the game at a deliberate slow pace where upgrades and new weapons are rare. This problem compounds with new characters.Higher tier characters come with more unlockable traits. Many of these traits require between 4,500-12,000 XP. A standard campaign mission will net you about 1,200-1,800 XP. Again, this brings the pace to a grinding halt and encourages players to get rid of their starting marines as soon as possible. It also encourages players to buy more cards to get high tier marines, but this is impossible because microtransactions have been removed.Three side notes about game design:1. Devastators don't work as they should: Devastators, as in normal 40k, can weild heavy bolters. In most 40k games, the heavy bolter is used for anti-infantry. In Deathwatch, the heavy bolter is just a low-damage, long-range multi-melta. Heavy bolters can fire a maximum of 2 shots per turn. Loading screen tips even explain that Devastators can easily be surrounded. The problem then is that larger heavy weapons use 3/4 of your AP, leaving you only 1 AP to move. Since most missions involve traveling long distances, Devastators become useless as AP is shared between travel and weapon usage.The heavy bolter can either fire twice or go into overwatch and fire once.The lascannon can fire once or go into overwatch.Loading screen tips insist assault marines are the risk/reward, but the real risk/reward is if your Devastators will get a shot off.2. Death + XP loss: With a few exceptions, you usually won't know what you're getting into with a mission. If your character dies, they lose all their XP, not just for the quest, but the XP you've been saving for that new trait. If you go back to the main menu, the entire squad loses all of their XP. This is needlessly frustrating and doesn't achieve anything in a single player game.3. Overwatch is poorly implemented: I alluded to this earlier, but when overwatch here is compared to overwatch in Space Hulk, it's just horrific. In Space Hulk, so long as you set your unit to overwatch units would fire indefinitely. This made it difficult for genestealers to win, but they had both numbers and the possibility of a weapon jam. In Deathwatch, most units only have 4 AP. It costs 1 AP just to set overwatch, each attack uses an AP (though some units can purchase a 1/3 chance for a free shot), and if a unit is damaged, they exit overwatch. All of this is compounded by overlapping overwatch. Units have an enormous field of view, which can often overlap. If you put 1 unit in overwatch, you get a maximum of 3 attacks. But because of overlapping and a lack of advanced tactical input, if you put 2 adjacent units in overwatch, you STILL get a max. of 3 attacks.Pacing, leveling, and class design are a complete disaster, but the game is still pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,394450,18560543,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lagknight,"In the grim darkness of the future... there is only ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 40k titles.Its a poor port from iOS that is full of glitches and bugs.It also is super grindy to gain resources since the only way left to get wargear is to farm for the ""F2p"" currency after removing the ""purchased"" tokens from the PC port.""Lazy"" is the kindest word I can think of for the developers of this game.For the love of god give us Dawn of war 3. GW!!"
76561198012515438,Not Recommended,394450,18551632,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The God Emprah,"My review as of right this second:Pros:quick and easy to learn game along the veign of XCOMThe banter between the marines, its a nice little addition I wish they had it more oftenFairly pretty to look at.The voice acting is surprisingly good.Could be a good time burner BUUUUTCons:Looking at the forums I am not the only one running into a game stopping bug that apparently has been around since IOS (really not impressed by that little tidbit)Cannot save and quit, if you quit you lose ALL excess experience in those marines experience pool, So not only is it bugged the game punishes YOU for the bugs.Fairly quiet, an odd complaint, but I like having lots of ambient noise aside from a loop of a termagaunt growlingNothing that really catches your eye when a debuff occurs (plasma gun glowing red or something of the sort would be quite nice)In all its the bugs that make this game where I wouldnt even recommend it for a 95% off steam sale, if they fix the bugs this game could be really quite nice, but until then this game is a disappointment and a waste of money"
76561198173606567,Recommended,394450,33689683,Posted: 20 July,all,KeinSchiesse,"I got the game massively discounted at 90% off retail. It's a good turn-based strategy game akin to Invisible Inc or XCOM series. I'd say this is a go on sale but otherwise the 14.99 is too steep, perhaps even for staunch Warhammer fans. I got it at a steal of 1.49, and am very pleased with what's present.Unlike XCOM, there isn't too much cover provided in the game thus far as of the prologue. You're either in line of sight or not of the enemy it seems (no reduced damage or option to duck behind cover, at least during the prologue..) you do get a variety of weapons and unit types to use, however, and can (if you keep them alive long enough...) upgrade their abilities to have passive traits and other abilities such as a Cleave that hits 2 enemies instead of one. Certain character classes are better close range, while others can be upgraded to be more accurate when doing an Overwatch type ability waiting for enemies to walk by. There is a thick ""fog of war"" type effect which adds to the tension of not knowing what's ahead or how far to spread your characters out, but this also causes a weird-looking texture popping in effect during enemies turns that can be a little jarring.For what the game is (a turn-based strategy game) it provides everything you'd expect from that genre including the aforementioned abilities and character upgrades and an unforgiving difficulty. I am a fan of the Warhammer universe, so admittedly biased to like the character and enemy designs. There could be more enemy and attack animation variety, but the bullets flying through the air as you cut aliens down look pretty nice, as do the lighting effects. I wish you could control the camera more as you're relegated to a mostly overhead or 75 degree ish angle looking down at the action. Sometimes the camera wigs out and sends you flying into a corner but it's easy enough to recover, and the general playing area is never too huge to get lost from the immediate action.The game is sorely lacking music of pretty much any kind, particularly during more tense battle moments it would be nice to hear SOME kind of music. It's beginning to be really noticable as I hear the same sound effects from the same attacks over and over... As I upgrade my characters and the levels and enemies become more varied ( I am just completing the Prologue... so the variety of enemies may change and the sparse -nonexistent?- music may still be yet to make an appearance) those complaints aside I really like the game, but I am a fan of the universe already, and could see people not that into the overarcing setting not being too into this game."
76561198015414330,Recommended,394450,22662492,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,mako_chan,"Sure, it's a grind.Still, it's a well-made grind, which means there's always another (relatively) shortly-achievable target ahead, plus there's quite a lot of well-made, fully in-character banter between Astartes, even though it's written for Chapters rather than individuals.All in all, should one enjoy the w40k climate, or just turn-based tactics in general, and find this title at reduced price - it's definitely worth buying."
76561198135725177,Not Recommended,394450,21466989,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cromulon,"DEATHWATCH - ""A bunch of random marines with random guns and gear"".Bottomline is if you buy this its flaws will sooner rather than later kill the experience.Do not buy this game unless it is under $5.00 at full price it is a money grab for a lazy port onto PC.I have had some fun with this game, but its cost and design issues killed it for me.It feels like a missed opportunity to make it into a good PC game. It is missing alot of normal options you would expect on a PC game. One thing that just bugs the hell out of me is not being able to start a new game. Sure you can replay the same levels again and again grinding gear and exp  or play the game on harder settings but start again from fresh nope. Sometimes people like the option just to start again.The next major flaw in my opinion is the randomized rewards. It is so time consuming the amount of grinding you need to do plus the amount of luck you need to get the team of marines you want. Let alone getting them equiped with the weapons and gear you want. The system carries the hallmarks of its origin having been set up to encourage people to spend real money to get more random rewards cards than normal. The option to make purchases with real money has thankfully been removed but the random rewards remains. After 50 hours i still do not have a team or weapons close to what i want. I have replayed the same levels many times to get points for unlock cards only to get the same marine, weapon or piece of gear you dont want over and over. You end up hating the game instead of enjoying it.These are just two things that majorly took away from the experience for me. There are more design issues you will come across if you buy this game that just bug you and your computer."
76561198044972429,Not Recommended,394450,18571386,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,tomael2003,"I am all about turn based strategy games - from Baldurs Gate to X-Com... honestly... I've nearly been run over crossing the road as I was half way across and had to wait for the traffic to have its turn.I want to like this game but it wont let me..... it keeps crashing,,,, and crashing AND CRASHING!!!!It's also a little samey, even for the genre its samey. 17 quid wasted.Julian Gollop is spinning in his cardigan."
,Recommended,394450,31976555,Posted: 26 May,all,kingpinn,"I thought it was alright for the money I paid, got a good 40 or so hours out of it. Would like to have seen more effort to improve the longevity though, once completed, there isn't much need to do it again, plus the best wargear is a little bit sparce so sometimes you can spend too much time grinding to get the bits you want.If you like 40k its a good dose of space marine action."
,Recommended,394450,24170397,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,caparzo54,"I really don't understand why this game has mixed reviews. If you enjoy turn based games with space marines, an arsenal of different weapons, and hordes of aliens to use them on, this game is for you. It has less annoying rules than Space Hulk:Ascension, but is similar to that game in many respects. All of the people saying this is a crappy port must have gotten the game when it first came out (haven't you learned never to do that?), because it has run flawlessly and beautifully  for me through two full chapters of the game. Highly recommended if you wan't an X-COM lite game with less talking and management and more killing aliens."
76561198021143331,Recommended,394450,33705331,Posted: 21 July,all,John Cost 2020,"The first time I saw this game I thought: ''It must be another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ IOS port''. I was wrong. I consider myself a great fan of this game because it is addictive, has very nice graphics (Unreal Engine 4) despite being a IOS port and the story is not great but it fits within the world of 40k. These are the advantages and disadvantages:Pros:-Great graphics for a port.-A very good performance.-Random characters with the possibility of a certain level of customization (name, weapons, RPG perks)-Pure 40k environment.-Good voice acting.-Cheap (with discounts).-Mix between RPG and turn-based strategy.-Great variety of items which are very detailed (mostly legendary weapons).-Very similar to the Warhammer boardgames in general.Cons:-Turn-based strategy that could not be attractive for many players.-It could end up being too easy at first for those who are searching for a challenge (at least the first half of the game).-High PC requirements for some computers. I have AMD r9 270x and A10 7700k and works perfectly. I don't know about lower end computers.-The camera doesn't allow the player to see the board clearly sometimes (roof above an enemy, for example)-the camera has a fixed angle on the top of the board. It cannot be set in any other.-The Spanish translations are not very good.If you are a loyal servant to the Emperor of Mankind, get this game at once."
76561197995103767,Recommended,394450,33704229,Posted: 21 July,all,[SyD] Grok,"I've only played this game about 4 hours as of the time of this review.  I purchased the game for $1.50 on a 90% off sale and at that price, its a steal.  No, its not SUPER deep, there is overwatch mode and each character has 4 action points to split between moving and shooting.  That said, there are varied Space Marine legions to recruit from.  Unique and mastercrafted weapons, and some great banter between your characters, I don't know that I could say full price is worth it, but definitely worth it next time it goes on sale if you want a casual little fun tactical strategy game with progression."
76561197999486998,Recommended,394450,33611603,Posted: 17 July,all,lllRHINOlll,"If you like turn based strategy and like the Warhammer 40k flavor, this game is for you.  Depending on your team and your gear this game can be as easy or challenging as you like.  Additionally, if you have cleared the campaign you can up the ante and try it on the next difficulty.  Better XP + better loot for more difficult settings.  I would not suggest this game for people who are looking to play something for 10-15 minutes then go somewhere, because some levels will take 30-60 minutes (or more if you're farming XP).  Really is a good value game for the cost."
,Recommended,394450,31318221,Posted: 23 April,all,Gabbi,"I don't understand all the hate this game is getting here on Steam. It's a straight mobile port, yes. At $15 is a tad overpriced, yes (but who buys games on Steam fullprice, by the way?). It has been abandoned by its developers and some achievements are still buggy, yes... But it's damn fun. It's an honest turn-based strategy game on grid map, set in WH40K universe. If you loved old GW boardgames like Space Hulk or Advanced Space Crusade there's lot to love here too. I'm near 20 hrs of play, I've enjoyed every minute of it, and I'll keep plaing it."
76561198007496286,Not Recommended,394450,21876418,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,SmileyCyrus,"Fun yet buggy.  Buggy as hell for some players, even unplayable.  Now some of us have found some little fixes and work arounds, if you dig through the forums you can probably find them.  Is this game worth that trouble?  Well, IF you can get it to work right, then it is a good game, I love it actually, but the devs went dead, cold silent.  There is no update and not even a peep from them to even let you know if the game has more in store.So would I recommend?  At this time, no.  There is no gauruntee you will be able to play it all the way through.I will add that Warhammer 40k Eternal Crusade is bloody beautiful and a lot of fun.  I highly recommend it.  Like most games now days you can use my referral code for free stuff to get you going.  Or if you have a friend playing they probably have a code, use theirs, they will love you for it, if not then here is mine:   EC-2TFABZUGJV0QLwww.eternalcrusade.com"
76561198005282900,Recommended,394450,18511756,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Matt,"This is overall a very good port of one of the very few mobile games I have ever found enjoyable to play. Visuals are improved with lightning effects that add a lot of atmosphere, the UI is much easier to manage with keyboard and mouse and installed on an SSD the loading times are more or less non-existant.The game has also been entirely rebalanced for the PC release. In-app purchases of loot cards are gone and the requisition points you earn during missions to purchase the cards with have been greatly increased, so that you on average get the funds to buy a new card (with a new marine and two items) after every fifve missions, in addition to the free loot card you get for finishing every four-mission chapter of the campaign. Experince gain from the missions has also been doubled compared to the iOS version which makes for a much faster progression with little grinding required.My only disappointment so far with the PC version is the extra content. Although advertised as three more Space Marine chapters the new chapters are not complete, and consists only of one each of assault/tactical/devastator marines and one veteran. By comparison the original three chapters had approx. 18 different marines each, including champion and hero tier marines that are entirely missing from the new chapters.My take on this is that if you have played the iOS version to death and finished the campaigns there is little new content here to make it worthwhile to play the game all over again. But the improved visuals and UI combined with no micro transactions makes it a good choice if you haven't tried the game before or if you have just started out on the iOS version."
,Recommended,394450,33710415,Posted: 21 July,all,Litigation Jackson,"Really fun little strategy game. Probably has my favorite video game depiction of bolters that I've encountered so far. To everyone complaining about your guys losing their experience when they die, simply just don't let your guys get killed."
76561197972727240,Recommended,394450,23807816,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tom,"To start off i need to say this is far from a perfect game.However I really did enjoy it, its a slow paced fairly realaxing turn based strat.  I normaly play it when waiting for freinds to come online or between doing other things. It is a game to fill your time with (is is a copy of a mobile game so it is to be expected)Weapons and marines are based of cards, you get one card everytime you complete a mission and you can buy them with in game points (note they are NO micro transactions) you get a pack of 3 cards for ever 100 points and you get 20 points per completed mission you can also sell old weapons and troops for 4 points each to boost what you have for the card packs.I you want a game to fill out time with fun yet simple game play I owuld recomend this game, it looks beautiful and the troop interactions with each other make the levels intresting.Like i said its a fluff or fill out game, i would not pay more than £5 for it but i do enjoy it"
76561197961821105,Not Recommended,394450,30740878,Posted: 25 March,all,Falcon,"Be aware if this game starts its still quite repetetive without too much content,but i still liked it because i needed some WH40K...played some hours last year with minor crash issues but now a few months laterthe game wont start anymore...reinstalling, changing defaultuserengine.ini and renaming my savegame did nothing..An Unreal Process has crashed.be careful many players have starting issues now."
,Recommended,394450,19989538,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,aldegoth,It's similar to but about 20x better than Warhammer Quest.It's definately enjoyable abut every mission is quite samey .Like a lot of mobile games each mission lasts roughly the same length of time one would spend having a number 2 - it's not a game for sitting and playing all day.
76561197990831193,Not Recommended,394450,18551019,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Auntie Oedipus,"The Good:-For those who have some nostalgia for the 40K universe, this could be a satisfying title.-Good feel, nice look, gameplay is largely intuitive.-You can build up your own Deathwatch squad.The Ambivalent:Save as you go, some actual risk to mission failure.The Bad:-Line of Sight is vital to gameplay but it isn't always clear what will or won't block vision.-Holy XP bug (see below)So, there is a known (now) bug that causes the game to lock up. It seems fairly common. Even in my limited playtime, I've hit it three times. This wouldn't be that big of a problem except that when you quit a mission your marines lose ALL unspent XP. To be fair, I actually *like* that this penalty exists for mission defeats, and I like that there is no readymade way to save game around the penalty. However, when the last 5 missions get sucked away by a bug, it is hard to be willing to invest more time.Short version: you will be happier waiting until the game is patched. Once patched, the experience may become worth it."
76561198029550861,Recommended,394450,19339177,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sgt. Jenkins,"Oh wow i'v enjoyed this game so much im already on my second play though!its an obviouse port from IOS and the price tag may be a little high but i'v loved every second of the game so far, the loot system will suck you in to wanting thouse epic cards to add to your team and sods law has given me all of the ultra smerfs and none of my beloved blood agles so far :(game feels a little easy at start but the second play though on harder diff will really make you think.Now all we need is more of whats already in this game, new campaigns and more heros to unlock please"
,Recommended,394450,20353094,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Draco,"As an avid fan of the Warhammer 40K franchise, I have to recommend this game. However, I strongly suggest you NOT purchase it for the full price of $24.99. I bought it on sale for $12.49, and honestly I love this game. It's not the best looking 40K game, it's not the best playing 40K game, but the developers poured their love for the franchise into making this game and it shows!The combat is turn-based, similar to XCOM but different. The camera control is my only complaint, but it's a minor one at best once you get used to it. The best part about the game is collecting new Space Marines and gear. There's also random conversations between your Space Marines that show the developer's knowledge of the 40K lore and backstory.Great game, I cannot recommend it enough to anyone that loves the 40K universe. It might not be the best game out there, but it's enjoyable and (in my honest opinion) much better than the slew of 40K cash-ins that have been springing up as of late."
76561198037106525,Recommended,394450,24908325,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Banson Fal,Hands down a really fun game. The only thing I need now is a list of all available Traits and then I can start to piece together my Veteran run and Nightmare run.
76561198007280137,Recommended,394450,24977248,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,bpistole,"Having not played the mobile game I was curious about this version.  My son talked me into buying it since it was fairly inexpensive.This game is a lot of fun.  The turn based combat is pretty initiative and easy to learn.  My son, who is 8, was able to figure it out on his own.  He started getting to missions where he needed help so I jumped to help.  Every since then we have been playing it together.  Your marines gain xp which you can then use to raise stats or purchase new skills.  All the classic 40k weapons and wargear are present.  You can change your kill team for each mission or use the same 5 marines every time.  You can also replay missions so you can try them out with different marines and weapons.If you are a fan of 40k and turn based strategy games I can't see how you wouldn't enjoy this game.  Sure it's not as in depth and complex as some games but for the price your a great deal."
76561198018683897,Recommended,394450,28584461,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dilly36,"So far I am very pleased with this game. It plays like xcom but with the obvious 40k awesomeness. You assemble your deathwatch squad as you battle the overwhelming tyranid swarm. Upgrade your squad through a levelling system and outfit them with new weapons and gear as you randomly come across it from a unique and fitting card based mechanic. As you beat levels you collect cards this with give you new soldiers or gear. This is the kind of game that can very easily be picked up and played for either a few mins or several hours. Also with the progression through the harder difficulties and constant collection of an ever expanding card collection this game appears to have a lot of replay value.  Graphics work and sound is pretty good, the voice acting isn't half bad either. All in all I haven't played much but I want to play more and on that basis I do recommend this game because it is fun and challenging and that's why we are here right."
,Recommended,394450,24471118,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The God Ghetto Holy,"This isn't a bad game. I got it on sale and don't regret it. It's clearly made for a tablet originally, but that doesn't discredit it's playability on PC. If you like some tactical 40K, this works fine."
,Not Recommended,394450,18541555,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,massdev,"The same issues that plague the iOS version since launch are alarmingly present in the enhanced version at x10 the iOS price point. I'm currently stuck on battle brother crash lands save him where the tyranids refuse to move regardless of fast forward. The only option would be to quit the mission losing all xp earned up until that point which of course is ridiculous to punish the player for poor QA.The upside is that the removal of the microtransactions mean you can build your deathwatch squad without spending hundreds of dollars but what is evident to me is that the only thing that has been enchanced is the price with very little care for what is being shoveled out the door.Hopefully the PC version gets a patch or two and the offering begins to realize some of its potential, but right now with the game breaking bug halting all progression I can't recommend this title at this price point."
76561198005778719,Not Recommended,394450,20137272,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zorlond,"So, I bought this game during Christmas, half off, thought it was an ok deal (not good, just ok), even for a mobile port. Started it up, played the first mission. Unfortunately, there was some kind of framerate issue which caused all the lighting effects to constantly flicker, to the point of inducing a headache. I exited the game with the intention of checking the forums for a potential solution.Checked the forums, didn't find anything about my issue, decided to try to fiddle with visual settings to try and fix it myself. Unfortunately, the game refused to start up again, immediately crashing to desktop. Tried again and again, no good, checked the forums, turns out to be a common issue (works once, then crashes every time). Apparently the devs haven't been heard from since October, and doubts run rampant about it ever being fixed.Heading to refund it. Do not recommend getting this, at least not in it's current state."
,Recommended,394450,30467030,Posted: 12 March,all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This game is awesome; turn based strategy with a focus on maximising each unit's abilities and wargear. Unlike Regicide, however this isn't based on Chess movement and logic. If you were to relate it to another Warhammer 40k game on Steam, I'd say the closest I've played is Space Hulk. That said, it is a different game and you should definitely give it a play if you've enjoyed Space Hulk and/or XCOM: Enemy Unknown. *****"
76561198144913924,Recommended,394450,33697643,Posted: 21 July,all,felixster127,good but needs co-op
76561198030735899,Recommended,394450,25639650,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Brock,Good rpg/turn based fun in the warhammer 40K universe :D!Warhammer lore is amazing
76561198006576754,Recommended,394450,34458619,Posted: 24 August,all,XombieRocker,"A solid, if not particularly deep, turn-based strategy game. Not really worth the asking price, but a good deal if on sale. Tons of Spess Mehreens, weapons, and equipment to collect. The missions actually require a little bit of skill and there's enough variety to keep them from getting boring. Graphics are really nice and I like the sound effects for the weapons and Tyranids.I only have 2 complaints:1. There are no audio options. The music in this game is pretty dull, and I wish I could just turn it off.2. Being a port from a mobile game, it gets kinda grindy on higher difficulties. You'll find that you need to play missions multiple times to earn enough XP to unlock some of your marines' abilities or equipment slots."
76561198064200385,Recommended,394450,33870816,Posted: 28 July,all,purefabulousity,"It's a grindy, mobile port of a game. Not worth $15, but I got it on sale for $2 and I've had fun playing it."
76561198070428832,Recommended,394450,33963556,Posted: 1 August,all,BetterJester,"This is a fun little game to kill a decent amount of time with.I bought this on sale for like 1.99$ and I think thats a fair price seeing as it is a mobile port.I cannot however condone a full price for this game, no matter how I look at it.Pros+ An absolute plethora of equipment and marines, A huge choice in how to equip your squad and a vast amount of Space Marines to unlock and choose from+ The levels are well designed and challenging+ The drop and xp system rewards you for the time you spend playing+ Abilities, traits, and extra munitions spots give you a great deal to choose from when spending your Marine's xp+ Even though this game is a port the graphics are outstanding, for what the game isCons- The game needed to have some of the mobile aspects either erased or improved, The word tap instead of click.... etc- Some of the camera angles you get are horrible, but luckily it can be remedied by panning the camera. But at the same time panning takes away from the sought after viewpoint- The amount of varied enemies is VERY small, would have liked to seen more Tyranid variety instead of JUST the velicoraptor looking one.- Don't expect a GRAND STORY here, its pretty barebones and doesn't really encapulate you in the Warhammer World like most games bearing the name do.All in all I would highly recommend this game on sale, and if its not, wait till it is because spending the full amount on this game is not reasonable."
76561198030922075,Recommended,394450,26702909,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,empy123,"Persomally I don't think there has been a really good 40k game since Chaos Gate or Final Liberation...but maybe i'm showing my age. This however maybe the game i have been looking for. It seems pretty close to the source/cannon of the 49k world (as little as i know) and there is the nice touch of bickering among different Chapters. The gameplay is fluid, with a nice character development......do you train up a grunt or just add a vetran to your team who really doesn't fit?My only gripe is the lack of a save...i assumed , that given the fact you will have to accept that characters will die..(the scenarios get harder and harder to keep a full team alive) that saves would be auto at the end of a chapter, but apparently not. Just finished chapter 3, got the rewards etc, only to find out that when i returned i was back at the start of chpter 3.Overall i see no reason not to recommend it...it's fun!"
76561198074305321,Not Recommended,394450,20338699,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,tehdoktur,"Short review...OVERALL SCORE: If there was a neutral recommendation I'd give it but as it stands... call it a 4.5 of 10. More if they fix the alarmingly common conflict with firewall and start up issues (if you are going to buy, read the full review) .WHEN SHOULD YOU BUY? (even if you like it still): Maybe if it's on sale for 35% off or more, and if you're ready to address the issues getting it to play, and if you can't get the app store version (or just must have the Dark Angels or Black Templars)In more detail...I wanted to give this game a positive rating so deeply, I did. On the original portable version I absolutely would, however the PC version... it does more harm then good. What it adds, and yeah it is some neat stuff, doesn't replace the functional and game play issues created.First off, and for many the most important note in this review, to get it playing many people (many, I keep using that word for a reason, check the forums here) have to flag it passed their firewall during install or after... and THEN still tell Steam to make sure to open it only in windowed mode. A game less than 4 years old that takes forum searching for TWO notable problems to get working, and then a few people still say they have issue, I like this companies games (they're fun at their core, that's a big plus!) but, that's tough to overlook. Yes I got it working but that sucks not everyone can.Second, and this is more opinion, this game really benefitted from microtransactions. A small amount of them (<10$) were kind of core to convenient game play. They took those away in PC version, and while they added some stuff which true was kinda cool and bonus points for that, now the problem is it's ALREADY a 'grindy' game and having to wait longer for things you want (and occasionally need) made it grindier.Particularly when you add in that you have to level your team it becomes problematic, grind on grind on grind problematic. When enough tier 3-4 marine cards don't drop you end up playing with guys you'll level only to have to remove and relevel later when better teammates drop. 3x grind is not a good transition.On the portable version you could spend say 8$, and if you can't spend 8$ more on something you enjoy go back to the kiddie table because that's less than 1 drink at a decent bar with friends, and you'd be almost guaranteed that, along with the cards you earn through playing, by Act 2-4 you'd have a team that could really be your 'final' team if you so desired and the problem is solved... you could just PLAY.In the current PC version? Bad luck can leave you at Act 7 (or more) knowing you're going to have to go back and level new guys still.That's grind multiplied by grind multiplied by grind if the Golden Throne doesn't shine on your luck.In short, without microtransactions, this game really needed a way to just spend points, even a lot of points, to directly buy higher level (at least Tier 3) cards. It did NOT have this and, by all accounts, will not be patched to have it.To be clear, the PC enhanced edition isn't a crap product from a crap company... it's a slightly subpar adaptation of a good product from a good developer. The portable version is a 7.5-8 (or more) of 10, credit where that's due, and the PC version with a few fixes might one day be that. Let's hope.I do also recommend checking out their Warhammer Quest game here on Steam. On the PC version it's actually IMPROVED over the portable version.(Edited: Put the abbreviated scores first, split a block of text that was hard on the eyes, also called more attention to the firewall and windows mode issues which people who buy will probably need to know to play, and noted when it might be worth buying.)"
76561197961785512,Recommended,394450,18629068,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Roknar,"tl;dr:If you're a fan of 40k and turn-based games, it gets fun eventually. The core game is actually nice.Otherwise stay away. Too expensive and riddled with bugs.Porting a mobile game to PC is a recipe for disaster. And this is no exception. It's a shoddy port that wasn't translated properly for a PC environment and on top of that it has a pretty long list of bugs. Several of which crash the game. And then there's the price...The game also takes FOREVER to actually becoming enjoyable, it took me like 6-7 hours too finally feel like I wasn't still playing a prologue during which you only encounter cannon fodder. So unless you're a huge 40k fan and like turn-based games, you will most likely stop playing long before it becomes enjoyable.That said however, despite all the bugs and missing achievements, the game starts becoming more and more fun towards the end. And when you start the second difficulty level, things really start to ramp up. Not only are the basic mobs now a threat (they have like 4 times as much HP now), but I'm also pretty sure there are more of them. Grinding for exp and boosters suddenly becomes more viable. Not to mention that you actually have to use all those skills and wargear.The rpg aspect is mostly well balanced and done well too, albeit slow (but the higher difficulty the less of an issue this is).The banter between the various chapters is nice and the high tier marines look pretty sweet. Alhough it's still perfectly possible to pwn with a standard tier 1 tac marine assuming you get some nice wargear and some decent skills.My only gripe with the rpg side is that it's hugely benefical to have your entire squad belong to one chapter, but then you miss out on the banter.So to recap: after about 15 hours (about what it took me to beat the campaign) the game becomes genuinely fun despite all its issues. I would LOVE to see this redone as a proper PC game. But make no mistake, half the stuff in the game either doesn't work or causes crashes. And there hasn't been a single patch yet as far as I can tell. Although I have no problem WHATSOEVER with the camera controls like some people here claim.The game costs WAY too much for what you get, but if you have a 40k itch that needs scratching you'll pay it anyway."
,Recommended,394450,19514634,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,cakeorrdeath,"Great fun turn based tactical combat, progression is rewarding.Probably needs prior interest in the Warhammer universe to be enjoy its full appeal."
,Not Recommended,394450,33724511,Posted: 22 July,all,Alexander452,"Deathwach is a terrible port of the IO version, in which the devs didn't bother altering the game to fit the PC.The main concept of the game is great, squads of spacemarines in a turnbased game.Each Chapter also have different skills and abilities which makes each usefull in different scenarios.And having the ability to equip various sets of weapons and gear which funtions quite differently from each other.HoweverThe game is filled with bugsHalf the achievements isn't working and we won't see a fix, since 'Rodeo Games' does not exist anymoreThe game has the tendency to freeze alot of the times in the enemy turn.Moving animations are terrible slow, which slows down the game even moreThey actually did change the camera controls to fit the pc more, however when the enemy takes it's turn where you would normally see what the enemy was doing,now you will  spendmost of the time looking at a wall as the game isn't taking the new controls into considerationMicrotransactions are gone, but they didn't change the amount of grind that free players would have experienced.Making it a steep wall in some missions if you don't have the right gear.Abilities and euipment slots requires alot of grinding, which means you will have to play the same missions over and over again, in order to get the right gear or reach a point where your stats will match the more difficult missions..Multiple times the message ""tap to....."" will apear, making it clearer that the devs did not even bother with the pc port.at least i got this for 1,49, im sorry for anyone buying this full price.This game is not worth your time and money."
76561198037040103,Recommended,394450,24378903,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,fukingclownshoes,"really would like updates, expansions, a sequel? this game was quite fun, due to the plethora of arms, marines, abilities, and enemies. i would enjoy seeing more once you beat the game its simply replaying it on a harder difficulty. though it is a decently long enough game if you play it non-religiously."
,Recommended,394450,27763536,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fridders,"Great game to spend a little bit of time each day playing. The levels are short, without being boring or overly repetative.The inter-squad dialogue helps bbring life into this game, without having to spend an inordinate amount of time remembering everyone's backstories, and their likes/dislikes.If you're looking for an in-depth view of the 40K universe, this isn't the game for you. If you want to casually experience a team of hulking, genetically engineered super-humans kicking alien space bug♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is for you."
76561197963965618,Recommended,394450,33957532,Posted: 1 August,all,--=C.I.S.=--Lunarion,"Great game. Bought it on a big sale but it would definetly been worth the full price as well. If you like Xcom and warhammer 40k you will like this game. It's a great tactical game with your marines progressing in abilities, stats and gear along the campaign.I don't know why a lot of the reviewers seem to complain about game freezes, because I haven't had a single occassion in 12h+ game time. The animation speed might not be 'quick', but I don't mind it as it is not supposed to be a fast paced 'shooter' type game."
76561198156749877,Recommended,394450,33791322,Posted: 25 July,all,a.labonte2222,it simple and very cheap!
76561198032911414,Recommended,394450,33832922,Posted: 27 July,all,R4bisco,"Overall: 8Why 8:The game is good, but don't worth full priceI love the theme - Warhammer! s2I love Tactics/RPG game[/list]GoodGood RPG Elements:Character Development by level - you spent xp to buy levels or abilities.When you level up you choose one stat to get better: Health, Accuracy or Critical ChanceI saw at least 4 chapters:Ultramarines, Space Wolf, Imperial Fist and Blood AngelFor each of the chapters I found the following types:1. Devastator (Big Guys)2. Tactical (using the famous Bolter)3. Assault (Mix Melle and Range) - Love ChainswordIn most of stages, the enemies don't stop coming (thats how tyranid should be)Graphics are Ok (7 of 10)Good lightning effectsDifficulty is fair (if you don't plan you moves you will die easily)Fog of war (be aware of your back always :))Apart of a lot of people said, I got 0 crash/bugs (running on a Win7 Corei7 gtx970m)BadToo demanding - looks like poor optmizedToo long loading screens, make me wonder if it was not respondingToo dark, no option to change GammaIf you use the AWSD to move screen and use mouse together you will get weird moviments, probably due to a poor phone portable to PC.Bad Camera angles: Very often you need to put the camera on top (90º) as walls block your view"
,Recommended,394450,33837048,Posted: 27 July,all,MandaPii,"If you like the Space Hulk stategy video games and want a more open area to play in plus a bit more forgiving game play, then this is it. I love it. Great turn-based stategy game set in the 40k universe."
76561197999639805,Recommended,394450,33823548,Posted: 26 July,all,Exaercase,"First for price it's a very good game. Turn based, sound of bolter, ambiance AND first time Tyranid.First Updates needed in my opinionThe most important problems come from managing the Camera :. The Wal are not Hidden or translucent when you angle the Camera not on Top of the Scene.. Moreover the Angle is too limited on a PC version.. It's not take care of PC of the usual mean to scroll map : Put mouse on Border of the sceneBut For me the more important as you don't respect exactly the rule of W40K exactly is CODEX :It will be wonderful if we have more info on most off Space Marine Stuff. And most of all do a Codex on Tyranid (Unlock when encounter him), there powers, and their Weapons.Nest Suggestions to a better game :)As the majority of the turn base game NO Battle Log (Exception : Mordheim City of Damned)Many player don't care of that i suppose but many other W40K Fan like understand what happen. An Battle Log optional will be cool :)But very good game else for the price"
,Recommended,394450,33775548,Posted: 24 July,all,RK SoLo,"Very fun, alot like xcom(i love xcom) and its in the warhammer 40,000 universe| 8.5/10"
76561197999622560,Not Recommended,394450,34640188,Posted: 31 August,all,Flail-Bot,"A game that could be good, but suffers from a tragic interface due to terrible porting from tablet. In addition, some graphical deficiencies and irritating design decisions really suck the fun out of the game.It also somehow manages to occupy an unsatisfying space between being difficult like XCOM and a power fantasy. Instead it's a trudging experience with superficial progression.But hey, the voice acting and stuff is actually really decent!"
,Recommended,394450,21572884,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Vulture,"i like the concept a lot and the card-gathering game and getting xp for your space marines makes me come back all the time. its kinda addictive.i hope for even more content for this game. new classes, maybe even higher levels, terminators and other stuff maybe. new enemies. playable sisters of battle, orks, whatever :) maybe a endless survival mode where you get xp even when you dieon a sidenote: its not THAT buggy, yes i had some minor glitches (one of the most badass enemies stopped working once and just stood there.. thank god xD), but no major bugs that kept me from playing.and yes.. some things may lack.. for example a mouse over info on what your skills do when you are in battle and stuff... but still i played this wh40k game more than most others i have (and i have a lot). watch a lets play, see if its for yourself, wait for it to be a bit cheaper maybe and have fun."
76561198032236457,Not Recommended,394450,33753784,Posted: 23 July,all,roberts5th,"Game crashed as soon as it started, totally unplayable, a game like this that has been on the market for two years should not have major bugs."
,Recommended,394450,18641187,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Jstncloud,"I think the price tag is a little high and the rate at which you earn in game credits/packs (for a non-pay to play game) is a little low. But other than that I am happy with my purchase, I got well over 10 hours of gameplay out of the game on normal mode and will easily double/triple that if I play through on the medium and hard difficulties.If you are a fan of X-Com and the 90's style tactical turn based RPGs you'll definitely like this game. It is very simple (wish there was more to the character development) but the simplicity does not take away from the gameplay.I personally didn't pay much attention to the story, Grim darkness, war, death, destruction, TYRANIDS! EXTERMINATE! Blah Blah the same standard 40k stuff but the gameplay was something I could do every evening to unwind and relax.Finally, the only other issue that I had with this game was the death of a Space Marine. I assumed when they died, they were dead but they simply lose XP. This feature, I feel, makes the game a little 'too' easy and takes away from the Deathwatch lore (where marine fatalities are high) and doesn't encourage you to level up/use your reserve marines very much.All in all, if you are on the fence, give it a shot. If you are not a turn based strategy fan, don't buy this game there isn't enough here to draw in someone who isn't already interested,"
76561198024352447,Recommended,394450,18872905,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,mrickard1,"A great game, while it worked. For no apparent reason it will no longer run. The launch screen flashes for a moment then comes up with something about an ""unknown error"". The support page advice was about as useful as a bomb disposal technitian with parkinsons. Is it my computer or is the game so chock full of viruses that it makes AIDS look like a case of the sniffles?If the game was rubbish I wouldn't be so melodramatic. However as it is, in my opinion, an awesome game I am more than a little irate that it has Defecated itself after only a week."
76561198043510520,Recommended,394450,18708304,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Bromixius,"Alrighty, off the top I am a warhammer 40k fanboy SPECIFICALLY The Deathwatch I have spent alot of money building, converting and painting my army, I say that so you know my PoV comes from a huge fan and not a random gamer.I love this game.I love turn based strategy, I love leveling, collecting, optimizing, the ""grindiness"" of it.THE BANTER BETWEEN CHAPTERS.... HOLY CRAP LOVE ITCOULD it be better? sure.Do I wish this was like XCOM2 with a Deathwatch skin? ♥♥♥♥ yesDo I wish there was more of a tactical element, ie: flanking bonuses, cover bonuses, better LoS? yesDo any of those wants make the game in front of me un-fun? NO.LOVE THIS GAME."
76561198109500046,Recommended,394450,31908948,Posted: 22 May,all,hobotone,"Tough one. Take the plunge only if it's on sale. If you're into TBS or 40k, you'll enjoy it enough. I think it's better than space hulk. The problem is I think this game is just a 40k reskin of Rodeo's mobile game Hunters 2 (Hunters are basically generic space marine mercenaries). This wouldn't be a problem, except Hunters was seeeriously dope, much better than this game. You could rename, requip, and recolor your squad there too, and that game threw varying types of enemies at you, from aliens to other merc squads. Even 40k fans get bored of only wasting tyranids. The biggest issue of all is that Hunters 2 was 4.99 in like 2013, which brings us full circle to only taking the plunge  when it's on sale.6.5/10 It's a shame that I have to cycle between this game and sanctus reach just to kill two different racess of enemy. I guess slitherine isn't hip to the whole diversity thing. Purging the digital heretic is hard work these days."
,Recommended,394450,21441414,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sol Prime,"Game is really interesting and fun to play. But launching the game is quite the pain, cause it always works on second try. Though it works, it is really annoying. Not the best port around, though in game I saw no problems, controls are well done and easy to play with just a mouse."
,Recommended,394450,19772745,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Donkeyfish13,I like it
76561197995788134,Not Recommended,394450,33739336,Posted: 23 July,all,Dodger,"Game crashes every time it starts. I didn't even have a chance to play it.For a 2 year old game, you would expect to have the bugs sorted it out, but in this case it doesn't seem so."
76561198002159594,Not Recommended,394450,21366587,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,][nquisitor,"It was an interesting idea, with its flaws and ns moments, but in their effort to fix some bugs, the devs have induced a fatal bug that forbids the game from starting.Soon after that the company went bankrupt and its likely never to fixed.So stay away from this and hopefully steam will take action to remove this from the store, so no more ppl get conned!"
76561198007038288,Recommended,394450,24436862,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,onelown,"well done in many aspects... could use some refining for the updated version that it is, but really fun to play :)"
76561197972639933,Not Recommended,394450,33718426,Posted: 22 July,all,Warsmith,"Don't buy this, even on a Sale.Chances are it won't work properly. Bad port and Support is long dead.For the team at Steam, I strongly suggest you remove this product from your Store."
76561198006815460,Not Recommended,394450,24233602,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,stevew.pollard,This game did not work 99 time out of 100. Waste of money. NOT reccomended.I got a refund.
,Not Recommended,394450,18573832,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ronin Ghost,"Due to Steams refund policy, my time in game has been short. But, after nearly an hour of gameplay, I feel very confident stating what I found were immediately obvious pluses and minuses.Plus:Its Warhammer. If you're a huge fan of the Warhammer Genre I'd pick the game up and just give it a test run for an hour. You'll know long before you're in danger of passing the critical 2 hour mark for a refund whether or not the game is for you. (in my case being a big fan didn't help at all)Minuses:The Camera Angle is worse than poor, and unlike other Warhammer 40K games, swiveling and panning the camera does nothing to help.Even after 25 minutes, I was struck by how repetitive and boring the gameplay was. You literally crawl half your alotted AP steps each turn, just to ensure ""Overwatch"" is available each turn. Cover an angle, shoot interlopers, rinse, repeat.ZZZZZzzzzzzzzz. I pushed forward for another 25-30 minutes past this point just to try and be fair. But it was a struggle.Leveling your Marines is super, super, anti-climatic. I mean, who cared? I didn't. (And the benefits upon leveling were so mundane, and with no obvious in match effect)Graphics, are very standard and not impressive at all. I have a high end gaming rig that runs titles like Metal Gear: TTP, Witch Hunter, H1Z1, Heroes & Generals, Dying Light, and every other demanding title without a hiccup. So the blah pixels were all the games fault.I feel bad writing such a negative review, as I am a big fan of the Warhammer 40K, and warhammer gaming pantheon.This title, just wasn't worth the time or money to me. (MAybe you'd feel differently)In fact, writing this review was more rewarding than the 50 plus minutes I spent in game.So, Be like Manning, and Pass!!!Ronin Ghost"
76561197987154451,Not Recommended,394450,33824481,Posted: 26 July,all,david_appleby2000,Really want to recommend this game as it's actually quite fun (but can be a bit grindy and you need luck to get the right drops).  However I just cannot as there is a known bug that the developers knew about 2 years ago and just never bothered to fix!The discussion boards and forums are full of posts of it but buyer beware.  If you get it on good enough sale malbe take the risk but be aware that the bug prevents the game from launching and corrupts the save game.  You may or may not get the game to work but you will probably have to delete the save game and start over which is not an acceptable work around (especially for a mobile port which is based on grinding for loot).
,Recommended,394450,33776390,Posted: 24 July,all,Accelerator(Sentinal),"Ah, the one on IOS with 3$ now come to pc version. Well, how they gonna do it with microtransactions in games. Simply, they removed it YAy, now what?Just like the mobiel board game predecessor not really reated to previous Warhammer franchise, this game is turn based and you must complete certain objectives in order to advance. This can range to surviving five rounds to poisoning a specific biopod pool. This in turn lets you still have that board game feel or if you are younger than the era of board games, you can get a true experience in the fact that you can play a true turn based game. All in all Warhammer 40,000 Deathwatch is quite possibly possibly one of the best versions of this popular board game from our childhood.The actions that you are able to take per turn are limited as you might expect them to be, these are limited to the point of placing units in overwatch mode, attack or simply move into position. These are the moves that you would expect to have with this type of game and yet the limited amount of choices makes the game that much easier to play as it is more about strategy as opposed to having to figure out a bunch of complicated moves and units.It has screen tearing in inventory page due to lack of update and support from development site, Selling items and spacemarine units are painfully long and some time lead to game crash. Main story is 10 chapter long and each chapter with 4 sub chapters. Game has worthwhile story line but you would love to get great tier IV units or champions tier III units to start rolling before things get serious."
,Recommended,394450,33979585,Posted: 2 August,all,Omega Leader,"It's a decent little turn based tactical game. Nothing special and a few gameplay annoyances. But my major gripe with it is, WHY THE EVERLOVING ♥♥♥♥ DO THE TYRANIDS HAVE GUNS!? Talk about lore breaking.If you like turn-based tastics game, it's probably worht the pick up on sale."
,Recommended,394450,35076888,Posted: 19 September,all,drone110266,"You can really feel that this game is a direct mobile port. The controls are fairly solid though limited. The gameplay is interesting but gets repetitive very quickly. I got through about Act 6/9 before I felt like I was done with the game. Usually 40k games do a great job with creating a compelling story with great characters. This title however did not, likely because it made more sense to use this format for a mobile game. Fun enough game to kill about 10 hours on imo, but I had other things I wanted to play more than I wanted to finish this title. Grab it on sale and enjoy it for what it is."
76561197993230800,Not Recommended,394450,22040647,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,labmouse42,"This game has a lot of potentional, but it falls flat.I think that if the developers took another 6 months to enchance the game with more sinerios they could have made a fantastic game.I think this game is worth about $15."
76561198058090845,Not Recommended,394450,31552899,Posted: 4 May,all,RedTippedThrobRobin,This is such a terrible port for PC. Most of the time it wont even launch. Good mobile game though.
,Recommended,394450,18502144,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Azradiel,UI and performence seems a bit lacking - definetly can tell that this was ported from Mobile.Gameplay on the other hand seems quite good. Any fun of Warhammer and turn based games should like it.
76561198013328690,Recommended,394450,18538272,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,rasabt,"TBS Warhammer 40K period. it`s a mobile port, but a rather good one at that; Unreal 4 not only generates alot of nice visuals when it comes to enviroments, but more importantly the Marines look detailed and polished...just like their minature counterparts; that said since it`s a mobile port the game runs on pretty much anything.i haven`t encountered any bug whatsover, some people do report 1 particular bug concerning the ai`s turn-end;the turnbased strategy component of the game is very(!) solid: special abilities, overwatch, lots of different playing weapons and marines are all around; missions vary from defense tasks to search`n destroy and escape-scenarios (there`s a total of 40missions currently in the game, with 3 difficulties).but the meat of the game is the collectors aspect:each Marine, each type of gear, weapons, etc. is represented as a card; you gain 1 card after each mission, a booster-pack (3 cards) after each chapter-end and you can buy a booster via some ingame currency (you can also sell cards to earn said currency aswell).marine`s earn exp, which let`s you upgrade their base stats (accuracity, health, crit) and unlock new passive or active abilities (aswell as utility-item-slots), each Space Marine Chapter, type and rank provides different stats, skills, etc. and as such the game is very motivating; collect em all and level/gear em all.items vary in quality aswell and come in tiers, each tier providing new boni and better stats;since you can always replay every campaign mission (in whatever difficulty you want after you beat the campaign once)grinding and collecting is very comfortable.the story is pretty much nonexisting..or a side show; you will get voiced mission-instructions and your marines sometimes start typical Warhammer 40K esque conversation; the core of the game is collecting and ofcourse the battles themselves.it`s a very enjoyable little game, offers quite some good feelings for 40K fans and is a rather good mobile port.hopefuly it will get expanded on, adons, or a sequel; the potential this game shows screams for more 40K TBS content ;)"
76561197999630511,Recommended,394450,18511532,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Som3,NIce game. Imho better then space hulk with more enemy variety and some interesting abilities on the marines.Might get repetetive and could use a little more weapon variety maybe.Needs a little ironing as there are some small bugs but nothing that would spoil the fun in the long run.MIght be a tad overpriced as still you need to unlock all the stuff via random packs.Graphics are decent sometimes weird camera work and no option to show outline of enemies through obstructions.As for now I would suggest to wait for a discount.But as developer seems quite invested in the title (fast responses regarding bugs and communication via community hub). They announced that more content is coming (like multiplayer) it might be worth it.
,Recommended,394450,18510584,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Darkanon,I purchased this no regrets having a blast in act 4 atm
76561198171040215,Not Recommended,394450,19984681,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pickel,Would love to write a review on this but........ CANT EVEN PLAY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I know its only $15 but come on guys is this how little you care about gamers that you dont even put effort into ripping us off anymore.Sure a waste of a good idear.Your killing 40k
76561198036158821,Recommended,394450,23897732,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Alcazar,"Look,  this game is a port of a mobile game originally for iOS.  Your expectations should be measured accordingly.If you're a diehard W40K fan like me,  get this title on sale,  and you'll have some inexpensive and unchallenging fun.Not a fan? You'll probably get bored really quickly."
76561198017414665,Not Recommended,394450,18607365,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Bloody Sunday,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game!It only bugg a few times, and when it does; if its your turn you have to quit the game and back in so you can continue play your turn where you left on. if enemy turn freeze! you can't do anything about it, only quit the Mission andifyou quit the game doesnt help you (tried that 50 times) And! here is it why this game suck so hard, when you quit a mission, all your marines lose the ""TOTAL"" exp, not just from the currect mission, but all the exp you have safed up. ♥♥♥♥ing fail game. I lost 15-19k exp each marines everytimes. So.... I can't get pass the Hunted mission becasue the boss has 6ASP and it 1-2hits most of my marines. becasue the lost 15-19k exp each marines... can't even start a whole new team/ game.. Cancer game!"
76561198090419093,Recommended,394450,33227341,Posted: 4 July,all,Martagasm,"Only when it's on sale, it's a mobile port after all! (i got it for 75% off which suited me)"
76561198196579263,Recommended,394450,25139047,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,N1k0tr0n,A fun turn based game with good graphics.
76561198039724525,Not Recommended,394450,18548806,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,karios525,"Even with graphics maxed out one would be forgiven for thinking that this was a ps2 game, endless swarms of enemies? Fine in a real time game but not in a turn based one, as there are very limited strategies to employ, already applied for a refund"
,Recommended,394450,23980165,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,X-me,Rpgish with loot drop and loads of different abilities to grind xp for. Not worth the full price but if you see it with a discount and want a surprisingly fun semi-brainless game. Buy it.
76561198026252709,Not Recommended,394450,18581548,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jinjo,Save your 18 quid and go and bang your head against a wall for the same outcome as opposed to buying this game
76561198032640686,Not Recommended,394450,20804520,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Crooc,"The trailer says 6 chapters, the game only have 2, too bad since I was looking forward to play BT...."
,Recommended,394450,20908875,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Teiwaz,"I bought this game in sale for 11 EUR and for this price it's good game. I spent (and enjoyed) 90 hours to finish all three dif. levels. And I will gladly recommend this game to every turn base lover.Positives: dialogues are funny, your tactics is different by mission / difficulty level, graphics is good one, interesting leveling tier system, no saves.Negatives: There are many minor bugs in GUI, due to porting game. No hints in game, many clicks to get to detail. HW requiremets are high, computer is runnig like crazy hot (Core i7QM, G740M, 8GB RAM), sometimes there is response/graphic delay.Gibbering: There are 6 chapters (only 3 with tier 4 marines - and they call it enhanced). Most of weapons are not by codex, so when I got my first melta I was dissapointed, come on it sould vaporize anything. Maps are really small, no covering, no enviromental damage, movement is so expensive, but who cares. When you take it as game a rules your are bound, you find out that it opens interesting strategic options and fun, like first time you fire at all targets with Blood angel and really fire at all targets, lol.So yes I'd love game with no healing and weapon change during same act, more inteligent enemies by difficulty than ever more thougher, maps and movement more like shadowrun or XCOM. Seeing your marine in 3rd person to gut the Carniflex, oh that would be lovely. But in final I really enjoyed this game and yes I will play it through again with different set up."
76561198012853257,Recommended,394450,21254584,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Quille,Aside from the couple of bugs.. (which rebooting the game) does get around a very good enjoyable game
76561198038037004,Not Recommended,394450,18634513,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,stosek83,Great game for the first 9 HRS. The game wont start after that. do not buy. Steam wont even give you a refund. DO NOT BUY!
76561198073630999,Not Recommended,394450,18946329,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Enjoyingsleet5,Cant play the second prologue mission without the game crashing for no reason whatsoever . Load times are disgusting how did steam allow this on their store ?
76561198044634958,Not Recommended,394450,18608016,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,G5,"Wonderful small game transplanted from IOS, as its PC version, the fun point of this game is Soldier and Weapon collection.However, the content is a bit of too simple as a PC game, there's much more details need to be enhanced. Looking forward to dev's update to improve the gaming experience.I was voting to recommend this game until 48 hours gaming time, Heroic Act II Part I, the enemy turn never ends. I give up. I guess too many bugs, even people who like this game would not stand."
76561198121775026,Not Recommended,394450,18748727,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,kingstown3,"Awful awful game. Give this a wide berth unless it appears in the bargain bins and still you would be buying at your peril. The game play is slow, glitchy and freezes add to this the slow load times and it still only scrapes the surface of its issues. Perhaps a patch would help somewhere down the line (please). This is a  poorly constructed game with none of the fine tuning you would expect from a game of this genre. A waste of a great  concept!"
76561198040094575,Not Recommended,394450,18737060,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,kreael22,"I enjoyed it well enough dispite the complete lack of PC port changes and the occasional crash, until the game decided it no longer wanted to run. By that I mean if I try to play the game it locks up on launch even before it gets to the main menu. I have tried every trick I can think of and fear I have a corrupted save file  unlikely to ever be fixed. Nor am I the type to start over from the begining in a game with this style of unlocks and progression.I should also clarify the lack of port changes real quick.- Absolutely no sound controls in the menu anywhere- No mouse over tooltips for your abilities- Mobile 'microtransaction' design style unlock system for marines and gear complete with randomness might be great for encouraging whales to dump 100s of dollars to get that tier 4 marine they really want, frustrating for a PC Xcom game."
76561197970634680,Not Recommended,394450,18600622,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lukeovich,"This is a beautiful game. It nails the Warhammer 40k aesthetic and the whole game has a gloomy, dark atmosphere that shows care for the source material. Its just a shame that the whole thing is attached to unremarkable gameplay. This is as basic a strategy game as you could imagine. Move and shoot, that's it. No cover, no flanking, no morale, nothing to keep the player invested in what is happening on the screen. Wait for a huge discount or don't bother"
76561197960517385,Not Recommended,394450,18585161,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Space Unicorn!,Too similar to space hulk to justify the expenditure!
76561198006764118,Not Recommended,394450,19094798,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,OathOfStone,"WARNING, back up your computer if you're told you need to update your graphics card to play this game.  I bought this game and installed it. The game would not let me load it up and said I need new drivers for my graphics card (I have no issues with a dozen other current games I play).  After I did when I launched this game it would hang for a minute or two then over heat my laptop to the point of physically shutting it down. My laptop didn't even do that while in Afghanistan.  Ensure you create a back up point so you can system restore your computer if this happens to you.   I may try this game again in a few months, the DEV team doesn't seem to vocal with trying to help people out or fix their issues.Steam DID give me a refund thankfully but I've read a lot of people who weren't given a refund because the game logged over 2 hours time.   I never even got to play the game but it still logged 62 minutes just in hang-time and trying to load it so be careful."
76561198010969916,Recommended,394450,19151642,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,REB112576,"If you like 40k, you'll like this."
,Not Recommended,394450,20132977,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Invisible Divide,I love what Warhammer games as they consistently do great things with their combat  animations. However the game play is just lazy and had so much potential for more.Pro-Great animation-Cool concept (if they spent more time on it would have been amazing)Con-The combat is simple line of sight regardless if you have a rocket launcher or a pistol (and any obstacle or own unit will block your view)-AP point system for movement and shooting really slows down the pace of the game-Don't Fall in love with your Units as they cant unlock abilities which were not born to them...  Freshly unpacked units will inherently be better-Inventory mechanics are also lazy and boring (everything sells for 4 space dollars regardless if it's the golden gun or a potato)-There is no reward for smart play as at the end of the level the same reward is to be had.
76561198011919938,Not Recommended,394450,20397502,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Reaper,This game would of been great if it actually worked and wasn't an £18.99 eternal black screen.
76561198006566397,Not Recommended,394450,19880934,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,smi233,do not purchase this.Every time i try to download this i get a trojen horse come up on virus software
76561198014462974,Recommended,394450,26740201,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,foireurs,The game is very good but THERE IS NO SOUND CONTROL AT ALL!!!!! YOU CAN'T AJUST OR EVEN MUTE THE MUSIC OR THE GAME SOUND!!! WE ARE IN 2016 FFS -.-
76561197979229189,Not Recommended,394450,18675492,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,RAGEDog,this is sure a grindfest if you got the money to blow and dont mind spending mega ton of time grinding go for it i would not recommend this game
76561198008692494,Not Recommended,394450,33785722,Posted: 25 July,all,Dr. Sedula,"Fun for what it is -- an uprated phone game -- but in no way is it worth $20, in my opinion. I got Warhammer 40000: Deathwatch for around $2 during a Steam sale, and that felt about right. It's a fun little casual thing, but there's not a whole lot there, when all is said and done. Wait for a price you can tolerate, would be my suggestion.My opinions, anyway."
76561198039374546,Recommended,394450,33705548,Posted: 21 July,all,DJ Raptor,Not bad for such a modest price
,Recommended,394450,34199127,Posted: 12 August,all,Paindemonium,"Well I dont know why this game get so low ritings. Its looking good enouth, gameplay is easy and give fun, music is ok, sounds also. Level up and upgrades are cool and you make your own squad and getting more bonus ittems. I like it. Yeasyer version of  Laser Squad or something. Afterall sounds of tyranids shuild be better, and camera shuild be less static. Sometimes I wish to watch my marines closer. At least I can do it in menu. There also shuild be more gore and gibs. For me 7/10 for this game. Something good for Warhammer 40k fans and tour based games. 10 minutes and I know all rules."
76561198006925894,Recommended,394450,18541649,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Iron_droid,"Good game. If you liked Sopace Hulk Ascension, you will surely like this game - a game style is close, but Deathwatch is much funnier."
76561197979935086,Not Recommended,394450,24475663,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Cor Angars,"I wanted to like this game, I played Rodeo Games' previous game Hunters 2 on the ipad for over 100 hours  but this game just isn't good in any shape or form aside from the space marine armor that are beautifully made.It doesn't sound good, generally doesn't look good, it doesn't play good, it doesn't feel good."
,Recommended,394450,18580217,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ogremindes,"It's good for what it is: a ""budget"" top down tactics game in the 40k universe. If you don't care about 40k don't bother, there are better tactics games on PC, but Deathwatch isn't bad at all. I would personally rather play this on a tablet, but it isn't out on Android, and the mobile version is burdened with microtransactions. But if it came out in the Play Store for $20 without microtransactions I'd put my money down again."
,Recommended,394450,24146506,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FrankBro,Very good if you like wh40k.
76561198018810717,Recommended,394450,18929611,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,dietricht9890,"WARHAMMER 40KUEST!<-(pretty much covers my review) AWESOME! AND NO MICROTRANS, this should keep me busy for a while, thanks Rodeo, 10/10"
76561198026558778,Not Recommended,394450,25257268,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Crypto Reiuji,"I wanted to give this game a hance, i really did, but i'm not even kidding when i say the damn thing crashed upon trying to start up a mission, and every other time it crashed without even making it to the main menu, recommend you try better 40k games like Dawn of War and it's sequel."
76561198091699740,Recommended,394450,18597022,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,KNIGHTCLONE24,"a lot of ppl are complaining about not offering IAP(in  app purchase) who needs that? cant out smart the AI? strategy is the key.-Ai's dont just run at u. if seen by you yes they will engage you. the ones u dont see move to corners wait to counter you & get close as they can in the dark so they have AP to get within attacking range next round.^[(THE BAD)]^ about playing & starting the game on normal the ai's arent that strong so killing them wont be hard. 7missions in & not that tuff tbh. but thats why theres different difficultys.-NOW GRAPHICS i think the graphics are good,any detail u see on while upgrading ur space marine u see those details while playing and battling.- map coloring is smooth can see all the little textures & lighting there-battling animation is on point(shooting & sword impaling), space marines have auto convo's during missions interesting,-music is well played.- before u start ur missions your space marines are all next to each other lined up, u can swap out to change one another or do upgrades which they look very bad♥♥♥♥♥before u start ur mission.-love the traits they have tons of abilities and passives & weapons-lvling up u have to choose between health,accuracy & crit chance. this makes building the best space marine diffcult they are all started differently, which is fun.-Tons of marines to unlock cards are based on TIERS 1-4 raritiy. get booster packs after each mission 3 cards per pack.dont be fooled by the bad reviews. game is something new and funthe bad & not the good-battling maps are a little small-have to beat the game to change the difficulty,didnt like that-not sure if this is bad but diffinetly challenging so,if Magnus has 2k exp before the mission to use for upgrades and u fail the mission,u loose those 2k exp points and start at zero. now if u used those xp points before the mission and unlocked an ability with it. u loose nothing. really something to consider before going into battle.-Price is a bit high $25 was on sale when released for $22.50. $15 usd would be fair without a doubt in my opinion. hope to see some DLC's in the featureTHE  GOODS 7PTS & the BADS 4PTS8-10 in my bookproud owner ofWARHAMMER 40K DEAHWATCHFIGHT FOR THE EMPEROR!"
76561197997771831,Recommended,394450,18604404,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,limdu,NEEDS volume settings the music on pc is very loud.
76561198061957737,Recommended,394450,18699480,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Viratin,"I'm looking at this game not as a port from the IOS version or anything like that. I'm reviewing this game by itself as a PC game.Most new PC quality games come out at the $50+ range for PC. That being said, for $25, my expectations are initially set at half of what I expect from full-priced and developed PC games. With that in mind, this game does not disappoint.Are there bugs? Yes. Glitches? Yes. Does the weird sound bug of the squad-prep screen drive me nuts? Absolutely.However, I'm on my second play-through of this game now, and I've had a lot of fun with it.When I'm looking at a turn-based strategy game like this, I look for several qualities: customization, replayability, and challenge level.Customization (8/10): Okay, this game's got this part down in spades. You've got four basic classes of units: Tacticals, Assaults, Apothecaries, and Devastators (Aka, all-arounder, close-combat expert, healer, and long-range dude). Each of those guys can come from one of six different chapters, each of which gives their own spin on that class. More than that, you can get different tiers of quality, from tier 1 to tier 4, of that class, and each tier has more abilities and traits than the one before, giving you even more potential options for how to play. Combine this with a wide array of weaponry and wargear, and it scores pretty solid for me here.Replayability (7/10): In our campaign, we have 9 Acts, each comprised of four missions. Each mission can run you anywhere from 20 minutes to an hour, depending on how difficult or complex that mission is. 36 missions, half an hour each on average. You're looking at a good 18 hours of gameplay, give or take, to finish the campaign. That's if you don't go back and re-do some missions to train your guys and farm some EXP like I did. The second playthrough, things bump up in difficulty. Things are more dangerous, harder to kill, but you're more experienced, and your guys have a plethora of abilities to call upon. This second playthrough, which I'm on now, really makes me feel like I'm playing the full experience now of kick♥♥♥♥♥Deathwatch Astartes. The first was fun, don't get me wrong, but I was experimenting and figuring things out then. Halfway through the second playthrough, and I'm still having fun, even though I've done these missions before. And there's still a whole third difficulty level to play on when I beat this one!Challenge (9/10): Not too hard, not too easy. Just right. When you think you've got it down, they'll throw you a curve-ball. Nothing prepares you for that first Carnifex, or having to play peek-a-boo with Hive Guard who can knock off 2/3 of your marine's health in one shot if you give him the chance. Some of the mission are a bit repetitive and straight-forward, but they through you these curves just often enough that you're always peeking around every corner, wary of what surprise the next room might have. Your learning curve is steep at times. However, if you're a veteran of turn-based strategy games, you'll pick up on the tips and tricks easily. This isn't a super-hard game. It's just challenging enough to be stimulating, while being able to relax and enjoy it.Another thing I like? I'm a collector and looter. I love finding all this loot, gathering all these Marines. For people like me, constantly looking to get bigger and better stuff, it'll be a long while through the game before you start even getting your team to a point where you think, ""Yeah, we're good, no more replacements needed."" I still haven't gotten to that point yet.Summary: It's not the greatest game around, but for $25, I think it's well worth it. If you're reading this and the game is on sale for $15 or $20, pick it up; you won't be disappointed."
76561198116334869,Recommended,394450,18705749,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Disco,"This game is great! but it wont launch, even after deleting the appcache file and restarting! whats going on?! the character leveling is great and the unique weapons are super fun, but why cant I play it? Update plz."
76561198033213649,Recommended,394450,18719294,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sun Tzu,"I enjoy the straightforward tactical experience without the dimlit complexity of some Spacehulk efforts, or the frenetic realtime of other Warhammer products - but that's me. It's a satisfactory little grind with a fun luck-of-the-draw loot system. Think of it as Spacehulk lite, with much of the a**whooping fun and not so much of the complexity that can bog things down if your head's not full into whole Warhammer schtick."
76561198005691912,Recommended,394450,18775212,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,fspicinin,"This game is pretty close the Warhammer 40K squad game that I always wanted to play.This game also corrupted the only save twice and did not even started anymore until I found and deleted the save folder, wipping the entire campaign.The fact that I still play the game says something."
76561198062100055,Recommended,394450,18937377,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Corax,Being a game on strategy and knowing the lore of the WH 40k universe. This hit the spot. Not best game but sure was worth the money if you ask me.
76561198053234045,Recommended,394450,29517505,Posted: 27 January,all,Ben,"If this game still alive, I would keep to play on it"
,Not Recommended,394450,18747450,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gemeril,"Terrible, terrible port.  Hardly anything has been updated for the UI from porting from IOS, so there are no hoverover tooltips, in battle you can't even see what your abilities do, everything is done with LMB, you can't move the camera with wasd and the mouse at the same time without the screen shaking like crazy.  The actual way of progression is infinitely slow as it's the exact same as the IOS version just with zero paywalls.It is perhaps the laziest port I've seen in years.  C'mon devs, put a little effort into it.For 5 dollars?  Might be worth a few hours, but for anything more it's strong-armed robbery."
76561198129219667,Not Recommended,394450,26346339,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Emperor's Sword,If you get this game you almost have to have an IT degree to play it. Game will crash after about 4 hours of play and will not work. You will like the game when it runs fine and then hate the game because of the crashes. If the makers of the game put in that the video card and other things that need to run the game at a higher level will be fine. My recommend do not buy the game unless you have the best equipment that money can buy for a computer.
76561197998934643,Not Recommended,394450,18510560,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,What in the hell....The game doesn't work.  For the love of all that is right in the world did you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ beta test this damn game?  Fix it today....
76561198007653495,Recommended,394450,18533533,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,No One,"I'm a big fan of W40k and I'm loving it.It looks a lot like Space Hulk (view from the top, turn by turn, action points). Main differences :- much more freedom of movement - since being attacked from behind doesn't mean instant death as in Space Hulk;- close combat is now a viable option (which was not the case in Space hulk)- you unlock of new gear/marines through a ""collectible cards"" system (nothing has to be bought with real money, which is very nice)A lot of grinding is necessary if you want to unlock everything, but that's not a requirement, it's still pretty much enjoyable without it !I enjoyed it very much but it does have some issues, though.Surely better to grab it on sales.great :- the world of WH40k, rather nicely rendered- the art- the Deathwatch !- the missions that are rather varied and can be tense- penalty for loosing a marine, not too harsh, but not negligible either (losing unspent XP), keeps you on your toes- the XP system and the lootNot great at all :- long loading times- No game breaking bugs for me, but looking at the forums, it's clear that many players are unable to play ; and the devs studio is dead, so the bugs will presumably never be fixed.- many achievements are broken (and I think this is a shame, since I believe it could have been fixed easily)- the Marines sometimes rant bizarely (mixing up of the chapters)- once you start accumulating a lot of loot, managing the inventoy clearly becomes a pain in the neck."
76561198016789654,Recommended,394450,18539641,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Coffin Feeder,"Fun, easy to get the hang of, and a decent challenge. Plays very similarly to Warhammer Quest, but in a 40k setting. Worth a try for sure!"
,Recommended,394450,18526916,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,lanrutcon,"Really lovely game. You get to maintain a barracks full of Space Marines, including equipping and leveling them up. Then you get to take them on various missions (with selectable difficulty levels) and engage in turn based combat.Quite polished for a mobile game."
76561198026887004,Not Recommended,394450,33127338,Posted: 2 July,all,DeadMeat91,"The game is a trainwreck riddled with technical problems. The idea might have been good, but the developers killed it."
,Recommended,394450,28395979,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,O.G.Yoshimitsu,fun turn based strategy game for the sci fi lover.
76561198005942015,Not Recommended,394450,33706600,Posted: 21 July,all,kanaiko,"1.49€ as WEEKEND DEAL was ok for the game, but the original price of 14.99€ if far not worth it. Game play is made to simple.... your guys do have 4AP which can be spend to shoot or to walk. And by walk it is one box per AP point... so walking four boxes is not much. Due to that it don't get much of a tactical feeling."
76561198012481718,Recommended,394450,18577366,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Bob,"Not the best graphics due to iOS port, but great value for money. Fun game."
,Recommended,394450,33715611,Posted: 22 July,all,Simulacra_53,"Originally a mobile game, which I enjoyed playing on my iPad, I'd recommend Deathwatch if you don't mind its slow pace and simple game play.Graphics are fine, with some nice effects and clear love for the W40K universe.Pick it up if there is a sale."
76561197987161618,Recommended,394450,29290241,Posted: 15 January,all,Pyer,I need help my deathwatch cloud data has been damaged thanks to a powerout how do I reset it?
76561198095960665,Not Recommended,394450,28263045,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sam,"This game just will not start, I have looked at all FaQs, uninstalled, reinstalled (with anti virsus software disabled) and it still will not work, furthermore i'm getting no help from the devs on the issue"
,Recommended,394450,18726346,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,≡][≡ Sɴᴜ Cʜᴀɪɴᴢ ≡][≡,=][=
76561198257823920,Not Recommended,394450,29941632,Posted: 15 February,all,ultragrudge13,mine stopped working after changing my hdd sent message to the support site and was ignored and so ive deleted it and wouldnt recommend to anyone.
76561198000260669,Recommended,394450,18508668,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,tylerisme64,This game is sooo sick lol. So many choices of weapons and a procedurally infinite number of diffrent marines to use and you can rename them so you get attached to them AND the conversations they have with each other are hilarious. The battles are also excellent. If they had controller support this game would be without flaw imo. 10/10
76561198030499677,Not Recommended,394450,19497632,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sidonas,"JAINAY----seriously?!  The most immersive Warhammer 40k...even over dawn of war and dawn of war 2?  You cant...possibly...actually be...a real 40k fan...because THAT IS UTTERLY LUDICRIS.  First of all...just...no...I mean, I loved playing the IOS version for what it was, but this PC port really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ME OFF...I BOYCOTT RODEO FOREVER..NEVER AGAIN, f U Rodeo...seriously.Also----""COST""---dude...why the hell are you blaming games workshop?  I am sure they were sold a certain picture of what Deathwatch was supposed to be as well...now after the fact there aint♥♥♥♥♥♥they can really do...Games Workshop did not MAKE this game...Rodeo did..k?  Stop bashing my fav. gaming industry titans...k?  lol..half serious here, but really...not games workshop's fault here..other than not be more frugul with the title licenses lately...but I for one am glad they have released the flood gates...eventually ....GOOD THINGS...GOOD..things.  There has been a few good things so far...but some aweful crap I absolutely admit..but just wait till Eisenhorn rears its head...AND...Neocore is right now making an ARPG (Diablo-esque) that will be amazing...cant wait to play 40k ARPG...neocore made all the Van Helsing games and their last final product ..Van Helsing..Final Cut has RAVE reviews.  So anyway...look to the developers and publishers, not poor ole games workshop =DSorry i had to ♥♥♥♥♥ fit...but GAH! Dag nabit Napolean!"
76561197971856782,Not Recommended,394450,29133302,Posted: 8 January,all,Darksun,"Game is surprisingly deep. The campaign a good length, the graphics are solid and the customization and rpg elements are ok. Missions could be a bit longer but I suspect the short missions would be more ideal for the mobile version.Too bad it should be more accurately called ""Ultramarine Invasion.""By far the biggest drawback for me is the insane amount of Ultramarines. I stopped keeping track after a point but at that time I had 16 Ultramarines (including every single tier 3 marine) compared to 12 from every other chapter combined.It seems not only are the Ultramarines the best chapter, they are the only chapter...I could put up with them having more than any other chapter, but this is beyond ridiculous. I have had an estimated 40+ marines now and still more than half are Ultramarines. Rng plays it's part but the numbers seem likely to be skewed in the first place for me to be so consistently getting Ultramarines.If you like your Ultrasmurfs go ahead and buy this. Personally I have suffered through too much Ultrawank from other sources to put up with it here."
76561198117535360,Recommended,394450,18499732,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Gilmore,"This is an extremely fun and addictive game and is a must-have for any Warhammer 40K fans, or anyone who loves Turn-Based Strategy games.GLORY TO THE EMPEROR!"
76561198019387304,Not Recommended,394450,24081228,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,anduril4,"terrible, wont even start. Waste of time and effort"
,Not Recommended,394450,29836466,Posted: 10 February,all,Napoleon Boneabark,It does not even start.
,Not Recommended,394450,22078165,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,JosephArthur,Did not work with my computer at the time.
76561198047072469,Not Recommended,394450,25718176,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,tornoxys,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME - DOES NOT WORKOr rather, It'll work for about 2~4 hours.Then it will overheat your PC, which will shut down.Then, on startup of game, black screen for 1~5 minutes.Then ""Unreal Engine Crash"" screen.All this, EVERYTIME."
76561198071155930,Not Recommended,394450,33653402,Posted: 19 July,all,jlb22,Took my money and has never worked. Essentially theft. 2nd GW game bought recently that now does this. V. disappointed.
76561198043148751,Not Recommended,394450,18823963,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,PuRpLePiRaTe,"The game stopped loading after I started the second playthrough, I requested a refund with no response. Pretty bummed, unfinished cash-grab 0/10"
76561198024732931,Recommended,394450,18510529,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DeathWing.Belial,"review: warhammer games are definitely my favorite pc games it is nice to see more warhammer games coming out and some more to come. this turn base game has a great element in the game. i got to say playing different chapters is a pluse, but we all know that they can go further.  and then theirs the cons about this game, on the IOS the game is $2.99 for Deathwatch and they put on PC which is cool, but for $24.99.... in my opinion thats a bit of a hiccup, especially when only adding small chapters for the dark angels, imperial fists and the black templars. again this is my opinion.. but i say hell they should add more to those three new chapters, more campaign misssions, and maybe a new enemy like choas or necrons.. so for now i give it a 6 out of the 10 until they do further updates and i will give this a thumbs up.. so please add a little bit more to it.they just need more thats the problem, everything else is good enough.Over all Rating: 6/10CHAOS ""need more blood for the blood gods"""
76561198007035522,Not Recommended,394450,18800234,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Solheim,If you want to purge some xenos go play X-Com instead.
,Recommended,394450,27784990,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Grail,if you Love 40k Play this is Fun.. Purge the Xenos !!!!
,Recommended,394450,25744222,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ragnrock,I really enjoyed this game myself its reminds me of xcom but it meet space marine.if you enjoy turn=base games then this one might be for you there lots of items to equipe your marines to give them that advangted over what ever you may face also many marines to find too.over all try the game for your self.
76561198019209539,Recommended,394450,25824129,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Pirate Santa (omnicrazzy),"Not perfect, but enjoyable.The story is simple but effective, with memorable battles and diverse (narratively, not mechanically) objectives.Gameplay is easy to understand with enough variety provided by the weapons and talents that it isn't simplistic. You move and shoot like any tactical turn based game. The missions are all fairly straightforward ether go to a certain point, survive some amount of time, or kill everything. It might get a little more complex, like kill a certain target THEN go to a point. Or go to a point to plant a bomb, then go to another point. Overall it's good, not ambitious or well polished, but serviceable and without any major mistakes.The lore is fairly light, but organically integrated. The marines will occasionally just banter with eachother and talk about their experiences and preferences, for example once while carrying samples through a kill zone one of them asked another how he felt that the mundane humans regard the emperor as a god, there were a few back and forth between the team members before the space wolf said that the truth would come out in the wolf time.The game crashes/freezes/bugs out occasionally. Which is annoying, but if you close the game and restart it, it auto saves in the mission so you don't lose any progress. So not the worst bugs I've seen.You get better gear and marines through a collectable card system which is random and makes the game pretty grindy if you are wanting something in particular, but it also adds a bit of excitement to every round conclusion because you might draw a legendary weapon or hero... or another bolter. Seriously, every tactical marine comes with a bolter equipped by default, there is literally no situation in which you will find yourself wanting another basic bolter because if the marine could equip it, he already has one. But overall the card aspect is fun.The weapons feel good to use (well, except the plasma guns. Personal preference) and they all have different playstyles. For example a bolter shoots volleys of rounds, so while it may do 34-50 damage, that's assuming they all hit, which they probably wont, but because it's a volley that means that they won't all miss ether, and each hit is another chance to do crit damage. While a melta gun is a single shot that ether hits or doesnt. It has a shorter range but higher damage. The plasma gun shoots volleys like the bolter, but can be overcharged and might overheat... things like that.The special weapons sometimes have a few special rules to add to the weapon, or adjust the stats to make the weapon radically different in some way, or some of them just have higher damage. But the higher tier weapons also have lower accuracy. Strange, but it works because it makes an interesting choice between weapons that will hit more often or do more damage... for lower level marines it's often not worth it, they need to level up before they can really take advantage of the best weapons.The enemy is a little light on variety, but some of the larger tyranids are terrifying to behold. Harder difficulties make the enemies more threatening obviously.Sound is good, the ambient sounds and the tyranid calls are very atmospheric... but it cannot be turned down, in case you were planning to listen to a podcast while grinding for XP and loot."
76561198014618611,Recommended,394450,25882463,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Torgren,"Great game, was highly addicted but the Unreal4 crash error has no fix. Tried it on two pc's and even got another account set up just to play this game and the error followed me regardless and, to make matters worse, Rodeo games offers no support whatsoever!!!♥♥♥♥♥♥company that makes really quite good games with occaisonal fatal errors - great combination. Thankfully steam refunded me. Great game to take a gamble on if it pays off!"
76561197987333291,Recommended,394450,25593257,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Brether Lucifaer,"BLACK SCREEN of DEATH... Just give it a minute or two to load up... If that fails us TASK MANAGER to END the Program & START it again. Worked for me...FYI... Only reason I got this on the PC was because they added Dark Angels, however I have yet to see or get one. What's the deal?"
,Recommended,394450,25470982,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Zinkaghost,"this game is a really good play through although i have loved warhammer 40k for many years i never knew much of the deathwatch. this game is rather fun although does seem to have some random bugs popping up mid game. biggest complaint there is no saving in the middle of a match, or least what i can tell. still the game is fun RNG gods may or may not smile upon you."
76561198107805364,Recommended,394450,28275056,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Bunny,"Hey Guys. First I want to say that I play Warhammer 40k at the store in Frisco, TX when I can find the time. Since now I work allot, I cannot play the Wonderful and Passionate Table-Top Game with my Good ""Guard"" Brother Thomas.I have just started playing Deathwatch 40k Space Marines vs. Tyranids and I can tell that after the first few missions I have falen in Love with this Game. If you Love and are passionate about Warhammer 40k, then you will feel the same Joy that I am feeling with this game. It's a Master-Piece.It's gives you eveything when crave, while playing the Table-Top Verison. Don't get me wrong, I am going to try to get back out to the Game-workshop as soon as I can find the time, but I am a family man and work....so that will tell you that my time is allocated.Purchase this game and support more Warhammer 40K of the likes and further.........................................................For the Emperor ~Your's In Love, Duty and ServiceSethinius."
76561197969338736,Recommended,394450,29271034,Posted: 15 January,all,Narvask,"Great game that really eats up the time.  I've played many days of this on the ios and now it's on PC but with the mighty Templar, I'm guessing more of my time will vanish."
76561198084331336,Recommended,394450,23860302,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,joshua.robert625,"Enjoying the game but I get an Unreal crash after every single mission.  I dont lose progress, but it is incredibly annoying."
76561198001076060,Recommended,394450,18532590,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Tomcat0815,"Hi folks,my unedited, original review was negative (see below). Now, after I reinstalled the game after an update the game works fine. This is why I changed my review to positive.Here's my original review:---------------------The game is allright, I like the graphics, the setting, the UI.......but you really really should not get it yet.I bought it on PC launch day. In mission 4 or 5, the game hangs during the enemy turn. Like the enemy is contemplating his move forever.The problem:There is no Menu option to restart the campaing, I can only quit to desktop.When I launch the game again, it goes directly to that same turn in that same mission...starting with the enemy turn and resulting in the same forever lasting Tyranid turn.Even if I uninstall the game, delete all local files, and reinstall it, the same happens. Because my save games are stored in the steam cloud I guess.I will get a refund for this game before I played two hours and buy it again in a few months...if there is a patch."
76561198005585690,Not Recommended,394450,20928595,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,(PG) DonTony,"If this game crashes once, the save file corrupts and you can never play again. No dev help"
76561197976338019,Not Recommended,394450,20314006,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zook the Crook,"If you like any of the Space Hulk series, you will definitely enjoy this game.Edit: Originally I recommended this game, but unfortunately now I can not. The gameplay is actually pretty fun, and while pretty grindy, missions are decently quick and the upgrades to your units through skills/weapons do make them feel more powerful, like an upgrade should! So why can i no longer recommend this to people? Bugs, bugs, and more bugs. Some worse then others, for example - a whole handful of achievements simply do not work. They cannot be unlocked. Another example, some marines have had certain abilities removed, never to be replaced. effectively making an ""upgraded rank space marine"" no real upgrade at all. Now your mileage may very depending on how much you care about things like that, as they dont ruin the actual gameplay experience really. But some of the bugs are literally game breaking, like, no longer able to play the actual game you bought, bugs. And while that bug doesnt effect everyone, there are way more people then there should be that have run into it and simply cannot play a game they purchased.The final nail in the coffin of WH40K: Deathwatch? The Devs have publicly abandoned this game. Thats right folks, these bugs are never getting fixed. No new content to be added (new chapters, upgrading the existing extra chapters to have the same rank 4 marines as the initial chapters do, nothing). This game is dead and gone, left to float in the warp for all eternity.This could have been an AMAZING game! Unfortunately, it now has to come with a ""Does Not Recommend"" and a warning label - purchase at your own risk."
76561198055932336,Recommended,394450,28538165,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Castiel,Awesome. I can't stop...
76561198045116051,Recommended,394450,28428012,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Master Stargrave,"Great Game Lots to unlock, real fans of 40000k will love this game!"
76561197970923328,Recommended,394450,28762439,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ramage,A surprisingly well put together little game.  Interesting combination of ideas that come together very well.If you're a 40k fan or want a light tactical game with some interesting units I'd recommend it.
76561198009955054,Recommended,394450,29061348,Posted: 6 January,all,Duke Nuke,"What is there not to like.  Its GW40K, Its good graphics, it plays like a board game."
76561198031157697,Recommended,394450,28852445,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jab,Great little game well worth the price.
76561198032318877,Not Recommended,394450,29097507,Posted: 7 January,all,wporter2010,"The game has positives-1.) you get to play as space marines and control the gear, method and suchThe negitives-2.) The game freezes, but the way to beat this is keep task-manager on/up and when it freezes jump to task manager and end the process and it will pick-back up where you left off.The game has potential but needs fixes"
,Recommended,394450,25961133,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TKR101010,"I initially had crash issues and had to turn everything down low on the graphics to play this game. Although i'm not able to run it at full glory, it's more of a problem with my needing a newer computer than problems with the game I think. After tweeking things I have found a middle ground with the graphic settings and once found haven't had any more crash issues.This is still my favorite Warhammer 40k squad level turn based tactical game. I love its atmosphere and visuals. I enjoy hearing the marines banter back and forth at each other sometimes (and fortunately it's not something that's over done).They need to do a W40k: Deathwatch 2 or some DLCs. :) This game but with a campaigns against the Necron, Eldar, and races other than the Orks and Tyrannids would be awesome. :D Multiplayer skirmishes would be great too."
,Recommended,394450,33990426,Posted: 3 August,all,Odin in Valhalla,"A very fun little strategy game to kill time. Bought on sale for 1.49€, that's a fair price (it is based on an IOs mobile port).Pros:+ A staggering list of equipment, Space Marines, abilities, and traits to unlock (opening theSteam Workshopcould help this game positively).+ Clever and challenging levels (Hope devs could make more scenarios, andSteam Workshop, please!).+ Very nice graphics.Cons:- It needs more ""ease of mind"" options: sound volume levels, automatic animations speed x2-x3... etc (coughSteam Workshopcough...).- Grenade images need more variety (Steam Workshopagain!).- Standard story.- Many bugged achievements.I highly recommend this game on sale. Devs, please, consider giving your fanbase community help you to keep alive this game, give us the option ofSteam Workshop!"
76561198012704990,Recommended,394450,34019145,Posted: 4 August,all,Bajatar,"Deathwatch is the kind of turn-based strategy game you can just pick up and play. While bigger games often have too much overhead (i.e. you have to spend hours on character creation, learning complex game mechanics and the meta game) this one is reduced to the fun parts but still adds a bit of variety with loot drops, different classes and (straight forward) character development.It's also an example of a mobile port done right IMHO: it looks great, works well with mouse and keyboard, there are no microtransactions and it doesn't have artificial difficulty barriers that are intended to force you to grind or pay."
76561198015044865,Recommended,394450,34207247,Posted: 12 August,all,earthpunk,"I fully enjoyed W40k:Deathwatch.  Good turn-based action and 'card' (i.e. marines and gear) collecting, good graphics and sound, and W40k setting all worked for me.  I first tried to play using a PC with an EVGA GeForce 9800GTX+ video card which (at 512MB) had less than the recommended minimum 1GB of video card RAM; set up was difficult due to many crashes though I was able to eventually play the game's early missions in Windowed mode and 1600x900 though the game would crash at the load screen at the end of every mission as others have reported.  Game play got sluggish with later missions and I switched to using an EVGA 1060 GTX and had no further crashes or sluggishness.  Good fun!"
76561197987056070,Recommended,394450,34116525,Posted: 8 August,all,Blackwhyn,"Deathwatch ReviewThis is a great game for WH40k fans (my 30 hours into it can attest to that), but by no means is it a perfect game (if you want to play it you have to be patient):Pros:- Impressive detail and variety in the unit models (seriously the space marine models look awesome)- Large weapon variety true to WH40k lore (weapons also look fantastic)- Great enemy variety that keeps the game interesting until the end of the campaign- Solid selection of skills between characters that allow for nice tactical depth and replayability- Nice mission variety so it doesn't get boring- Basically XCOM set in Warhammer 40k (to me it is much more fun than Space Hulk or Regicide, but that's a personal opinion)- Entertaining banter and dialogue between kill team members during missions- Ability to rename individual battle-brothersCons:- A ton of technical issues (game freezing, corrupt save files, crashes, extremely slow loading times, etc)- Extremely slow loading times (in the beginning I thought the game had frozen, but it turns out it's just slow as #*$%)- Simplistic animations- Limited visual effects- Absence of certain hover over tooltips that force you to memorize skill effects (on account of it being an IOS port)- Clunky inventory management- Pretty grindy due to the RNG loot system and experience gaining rates- Lines of sight are not very clear in the game (although you start getting the ""feel"" of it after some trial and error)- Broken achievementsTips:- Backup your save file (located at: C:\Users\als48\AppData\Local\DeathwatchGame\Saved ) - trust me it will save you a lot of frustration and anger because the game often corrupts the save file when it crashes.- The loading times take an eternity, so use that time to do something else. It might seem the game is frozen, but 2-3min loading times are a consistent problem in Deathwatch.- I play the game with everything on low (textures on Max) and that has ensured only occasional framerate drops (usually at the beginning of a mission and only 1 CTD ever), so it might be a good idea.That's it. If you are a patient person who wants to play a fun XCOM style game set in the WH40k universe this is the game for you (preferrably if you can buy it at a discount).Hope this review helps."
76561197975424290,Not Recommended,394450,35075790,Posted: 19 September,all,Cagan,"I was very excited to get this game....An amazing game like Dawn of war! I thought.-Combat is horrible.-MIssions are very badly designed-You fight against the same 2-3 enemies for all of tthe game.The only positive thing is the conversation you hear between space marines at the beginning of the mission for 10 seconds and then a borefest for 30 mins killing the same stuff with the same weapons, using the same abilities....Buy only if it is on 90% sale or better. I got better games on my cell phone than this, and they are free..."
