user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,394510,32245296,Posted: 7 June,all,EMW_Gaming,"After 2 years playing with over hundreds of hours (pushing to thousand soon) on it, this is still the best go-to game if im bored, quick session or just go on hours of chaotic fun.10/10 best top down twin stick team killing game ever"
,Recommended,394510,19759088,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mister Maf,"To my fellow former Alien Swarm junkies: Helldivers is the closest you're going to get to filling your fix. The short of this review is that Helldivers is a brilliant parody of Starship Troopers and the right-wing military-industrial complex, with a healthy dose of Warhammer 40K xenophobia and vehicle design, fused together into a solid A-grade twin-stick co-op shooter.The good/game overviewThe game shares some surface similarities with Alien Swarm, but it handles completely differently. It's made by the creators of Magicka, and it really shows. Characters move and turn more slowly while aiming, but are also able to sprint and hit the deck to avoid enemy fire. Deaths and teamkilling (there is much teamkilling, so don't be mad when it happens) aren't the end of the world, as there is a team ""resurrect spell"" like there is in Magicka in the form of reinforcements. Indeed, ""spellcasting"" is one of the game's most defining featues.In Magicka, players can cast spells by pressing combinations of different elements using the QWER/ASDF keys, each key representing earth, fire, water, etc. That system has been brought over to Helldivers in the form of the radio. The player can press a button to open up the radio and dial in codes for support assets using the WASD keys. What support assets, called ""stratagems"", are available to the player is chosen at the start of the game when everyone is selecting their loadouts. Stratagems vary from heavy weapons such as machine guns and rocket launchers, backpack items such as jetpacks and ammo bags, vehicles such as mech suits and tanks, and fire support like bombing runs and orbital strikes.This system is interesting because the player is unable to perform combat actions while interacting with the radio, making it very difficult to use in combat unless you get down the muscle memory or are able to get cover from the squad while you dial in the code. This is very important for stratagems like reinforcement and fire support, which can either result in you saving the day or dying miserably after dialing an incorrect code.Missions appear to be randomly generated in a pre-made open map. That is to say, there is a variety of different objective types, and the locations, number, and types of objectives you must complete are randomly selected based on the difficulty level. Difficulty ranges from level 1 all the way up to level 12, and the harder the difficulty, the more objectives and more enemies there are to deal with. Rewards scale, as one might expect — more powerful stratagems are unlocked at the higher difficulties, and the opportunities to collect the science points used to upgrade your arsenal are more common.The reward for difficulty level 12 is a special cape that shows your mettle to other players. There is a character customization system that is 100% cosmetic-only and is a surefire way to make your character look like the badass he or she is as a warrior of the Federation. Weapons and stratagems unlock by leveling up and completing missions, and the number of ones that areactually useful and balancedis actually pretty decent. Like any game, there are trash weapons, but there are enough useful ones to allow the player to create a play style that is totally different from their squadmate's and still be completely viable. All things considered, that's pretty impressive.An awesome feature of this game is the ability to mix local and online multiplayer. If you connect your computer to the TV, you can have a couple friends join with Xbox controllers and bring in a fourth person over the Internet. More games need to do this.All of this takes place in the context of a galactic war metagame. Completing missions grants ""community influence"", points that contribute towards beating back the enemy. Humanity is waging a very fine and just war among three different fronts against three enemies, each of which can eventually be defeated and removed from the war. So far, I've yet to see this happen, but it is interesting. It's also where the character of the game and its hilarious Starship Troopers influence is at its best.The badAs mentioned earlier, missions are randomly generated based on difficulty. The consequence is a total lack of structured story missions of the kind found in Alien Swarm or many other co-op games. While this on the one hand can keep the player on their toes, the drawback is that it's somewhat uninteresting and can get tiresome doing different variants of essentially the same mission structure.The galactic war being tied to unlocks is interesting, but it also has a couple drawbacks. One, it's boring playing through baby-level missions to get a piece of essential equipment. Becoming skilled enough to get the high-level ones will come with time.The other more significant downside is that because the war is always shifting, different planets with different unlocks become available and others disappear. After almost 100 hours as of time of writing, I have still yet to unlock the anti-personnel landmines because I can never find a planet that offers it as a mission reward. I have plenty of other equipment and can easily live without it in ordinary missions of any difficulty, but it's still somewhat annoying and it especially reduces my usefulness to approximately zero in a particular boss battle in which mines are essential equipment.There is also a hefty amount of equipment that is restricted behind a DLC paywall. A lot of it is useless, a lot of it is useful, and a couple, such as the mech mounting an anti-tank cannon, are borderline pay-to-win. Satchel charges help a lot against bosses and holdout missions, and all-terrain boots make your life a lot easier walking in snow. There is plenty of different equipment in the base game that can approach the same task differently and just as effectively — for example, the armored car with heavy cannon in the base game can do the same job as the DLC anti-tank mech, and it even has significantly more ammunition — but it's very difficult to safely deploy in combat to bail the team out of a losing situation, which is something the mech can do with ease.Finally, while mixed local/online play is awesome, playing with a gamepad is not. Using a mouse and keyboard, the player is afforded a crosshair while holding down the aim button, and punching in radio codes with the WASD keys is efficient and smooth. Using a gamepad, there is no way to precisely judge aim without a laser sight equipped, costing the player a very valuable inventory slot. Meanwhile, the directional pad on the Xbox 360 controller that most PC gamers use if they have one is also subpar, and that's bad news when using the radio, which requires fast correct inputs under high pressure; the d-pad makes this difficult, to say the least.Conclusion/tl;drGood thingsSolid twin-stick shooter mechanicsHilarious Starship Troopers-inspired settingMagicka-inspired radio ""spellcasting"" systemVaried and versatile unlocksGalactic war metagame creates a sense of communityMixed local and online multiplayerBad thingsGalactic war metagame can make it either easy, hard, or boring to get specific unlocksRandomly-generated missions can get staleLots of DLC equipment in varying levels of usefulnessSubpar experience if using a gamepad instead of a keyboard and mouseVerdict: ATwin-stick shooter fans, co-op fans (both online and couch), and Alien Swarm fans will find a home in Helldivers. If you're none of these, consider giving it a go anyway with Steam refunds in mind. I have several friends who aren't twin-stick shooter fans who had a lot of fun with it. While it has a few weaknesses, the overall game is a shining co-op experience."
,Not Recommended,394510,30025364,Posted: 18 February,all,Insano-Man,"Let me preface this review by saying first that I like Helldivers. At its core, I think Helldivers is a great game with solid mechanics and execution. I enjoy playing it most chances I get. If I could've, I would've made this a neutral review, as this is the first game I like that I've given a negative review. Unfortunately, Helldivers doesn't want to play with me.Helldivers is one of the few games I have ever seen that is actively trying to sabotage itself. A major component of its multiplayer is the galactic campaign system; the community, as a whole, is responsible for pushing enemies back to their homeworlds and wiping them out while simultaneously defending conquered territories from enemy advances.On paper, this sounds like a great idea. It offers a long-term incentive to continue playing the game and a goal to strive for. In the game itself, it's one of Helldivers' weakest elements, randomly locking out factions and terrain types as a result of the community - not you, the player - playing the game too much.Content disappears as a result of the unseen actions of a faceless mass as a ""reward"" for dedication. More problematic, new players are confronted with a sense of total helplessness and given little ability to improve their equipment; on many occasions, the game locks itself to a stalemate at enemy homeworlds. Only on non-homeworld planets are players able to unlock new stratagems - vital equipment ranging from secondary weapons to airstrikes - and, for some, only against specific factions.Smaller failings contribute to the sense that Helldivers is a game that wants to be left alone. A confined, team-locked camera that restricts player mobility has been a contentious point since the game was released. Poorly-planned enemy balance and a wealth of equipment balance inconsistencies keep gameplay just below perfection. An almost entirely meaningless slog of a grind from level 25 to 50 offers little incentive to continue playing for progression.Without any kind of consistent story mode, no means to select missions in already-conquered territory, and a campaign that seems to breeze by without any player action, Helldivers is a game that is almost totally apathetic about you playing it. It doesn't care if you want to fight cyborgs or bugs, if you want to play on a volcanic or ice planet, or if you have no anti-tank weapons andneedto unlock one. Starting up the game is complete potluck as to what you'll get in the worst way possible.With all that said and my most serious grievances aired, it is no mistake that I have, at the time of writing this, nearly 260 hours invested into Helldivers. I've gotten ahold of most of its content packs and use most of their items regularly. The statement I opened this review with is one I wholeheartedly believe; Helldivers, at its core, is a phenomenal shooter from a developer I've always wanted to see more of.Helldivers follows a few simple rules - armor penetration, center-of-mass-based damage - that blend together with its fast-paced combat and incredible variety of weapons and enemies into an immensely fun shooter. Always-on friendly fire encourages tight teamwork and accurate, split-second decisions, lending tactical elements to its gameplay that would otherwise scream ""murder everything in sight"".The spontaneity and unpredictability of the game go beyond its difficulties with the galactic campaign and into the far more applaudable territory of randomly-generated maps and objectives. Few maps are ever the same and every map has a different set of objectives in a unique set of locations. While this detracts from some of the game's personality, it offers an incredible depth of potential replayability.Variety contributes heavily to Helldivers' replayability, as well. Even in the core game alone, there is a weapon for every task and nearly every niche. There is no shortage of stratagems, from anti-tank railcannon strikes to airdropped combat walkers, and no painful gaps in the player's arsenal. Dropping into a mission is solely at the player's discretion; you can start wherever you choose on the map, even if it's right on top of an objective.Enemy variety is yet another selling point and one of the biggest reasons why I hold so much ill will against the galactic campaign system. There are three factions with a unit type for every level of difficulty and every role they could need filled. Each faction comes with its own distinct playstyle and its own strengths and weaknesses that interact in countless different ways with player loadouts and planet types.Good music, sound design, and visual flair make for an inviting game that runs well and maintains its tone throughout every situation. Unfortunately, Helldivers' story - as brief and predictable as it is - gets lost in a hurry in favor of a far stronger focus on the gameplay and style rather than any kind of plot. The endless campaign that never seems to fail only drives home how meaningless even a Magicka-styled series of jokes would become.In the end, I'll say it again; I like Helldivers. IloveHelldivers. I want to keep playing it and play more of it. The problem is that Helldivers doesn't seem to want to play with me and didn't seem to care when I first started playing. As development has been considered complete and updates have ground to a halt, it's unlikely that will change.As a result, I have to give it a negative review. I might not be able to take the hint, but I certainly understand the message - and I certainly don't ever want to see another game make Helldivers' mistakes."
,Recommended,394510,19564822,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,YoBananaBoY,"I am posting here hoping to reach  people or the devs to inform people about the negative review regarding the DLC. I have noticed that many of the recent negative reviews, including the top, most helpful review, is bashing Helldivers for their ""DLC practice"". Mainly being that they think there is no way to upgrade from the regular edition to the DDE edition if you bought the standard edition/vanguard edition previously. The negative reviews stem from that fact that they believe the only way to acquire the DLC is to purchase all the DLC separately costing more than double the base game. This is not the case. The mega reinforcement pack costs $25. Adding this pack to the standard/vanguard preorder edition means you are paying $45 versus the $40 DDE, hardly a difference worth complaining over.To the devs, the mega reinforcement pack is pretty hidden in the DLC page and I only came across it by chance. If you were perhaps more transparent with this purchasing option, I am sure it would calm many of the negative reviews. Some ways to do this would be to adverstise this DLC pack on the main store page before all the individual ones and also referring to it as a DDE upgrade. Perhaps even just responding to the top negative review right now explaining this would help others see that your game is fantastic and that the ""DLC practice"" is not screwing over those that pre-ordered the Vanguard edition. I am commenting here in hopes of keeping Helldiver's from losing its overwhelmingly positive rating that it deserves over something as simple as a misunderstanding and obscure buying option of the mega reinforcement pack."
,Recommended,394510,19578842,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Angrypinecone,The Starship Troopers game you never knew you wanted.
,Recommended,394510,32780462,Posted: 25 June,all,Wook,"To my delight and surprise, this is probably my favorite purchase of the summer sale thus far.  Some important highlights:1) This is such a great spinoff on the themes of Starship Troopers I’d say it might outshine the series itself, if that wasn’t heresy. The jokes are clever, & the game nails the absurd political/military dynamics. If the gimmicky lines get old, you can simply turn down the voice volume setting.2) At launch they took a lot of flak for being “DLC: The Game” which was completely fair. Now, however, I can buy the game, and all DLCs, for $20 – a steal, for all that it’s worth. I’m again pleasantly surprised to see the community hasn’t died even after 2+ years. Even outside peaks in the userbase (sales, etc) there are more than enough pubbies to grab a pug game with. Feel free to look up the stats.3) The progression is rewarding enough without being intrusive. Besides the cosmetic items common to every gorram game these days, there are upgrades for your existing weapons/abilities as well as more to unlock. The DLCs make this a great deal easier – which, again, they deserved a lot of criticism for after launch. Get it on sale, however, and you won’t worry about p2w locked items.4) The campaign map analog is, personally, highly satisfying. It boosts immersion, & gives you a sense of purpose in slogging towards one of three enemies’ planets. The progress is shared across the entire userbase, whether you’re playing solo, co-op, or matchmaking. I can see how it would feel like a grind, but to be honest, if you’re playing the game to grind/looking for a game to grind in, this probably isn’t it. Helldivers is clearly meant to be taken lightheartedly, & the progression is mostly here as a supporting feature. The DLCs go a long way to reducing your dependency on unlocks/making the game generally more enjoyable. So, again, be sure to pick this up only as a bundle on sale.5) Servers are stable and co-op is seamlessly integrated – with pugs & among friends. No issues personally, nor have I read of much. The game itself is thoroughly stable, & the graphics are accessible even to low-end PCs.6) While it is playable solo, most of it is a steep climb if you’re not in a group. This varies depending on mission difficulty and player skill, of course.7) As a small, personal aside: I immensely appreciate that you’re meant to aim for center-of-mass (headshots aren’t remotely as frequent in reality), and that reloading your magazine doesn’t magically keep any unused rounds from the previous one. This is another unexpected (and at least for me, pleasant) surprise – an immersive detail I haven’t seen in most other shooters I can think of.So who is this for? I’d say if you liked Magicka (or disliked it for certain stylistic reasons); are a fan of Starship Troopers; enjoy top-down squad-based shooters; cackle gleefully while dismembering enemies of Democracy, Liberty, and Super Earth; are looking for a casual to medium-core co-op game with friends; or some combination thereof.Well, that’s about all I can think of for now… I hope this recommendation helps. Bottom line: when it’s on sale, I’d give this game a 9/10 must-buy if even any of the features entice you. Go kill things for Super Earth! It’s great for Liberty, Democracy, and  FREEDOM! ...probably."
,Not Recommended,394510,19552212,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dr.Larry,"Don't let the big red thumbs down fool you. This game is great! It's a lot of fun, very challenging and it's got some really nice attention to detail but I have to give a ""Not Recommended"" due to the DLC practices and the lack of information on the way DLC is handled.Right now the base game is the game, the three free content ""expansions""(They didn't add much to warrant naming them expansions; three new unit types, three new boss planets/types, three new mission types and a new planet) and that's it. The DDE gives you all the DLC for an extra €10 which you probably won't buy considering you wouldn't think the DLC included in the DDE is 1. Every single bit of DLC on offer and 2. Wouldn't impact the game to make it significantly easier(Or P2W).The DLCs itself is a mixed bag. Some of them look pretty useless unless you really want the cosmetic gear but some of them seem like must haves and would make the game incredibly easy by comparison with those who have the base game. The only option to get what the DDE nets you other than buying the DDE outright? Well, if you look at the store page it lists all DLC for €43. Don't let that fool you, the devs cheekily hid the cheaper option that nets you all DLC for €20 called the ""Reinforcements Mega Pack"" and the only way to get to it is to check individual DLCs and scroll down a bit until the pack is viewable. Even at that, that's twice as much as the DDE would have cost you. Is there any option to upgrade to the DDE? Nope! None. Why not? Because they obviously want to get as much money from you as possible upon realising your foolishness in bot spending the full €30 on the game to begin with with little to no information(If you pre-ordered) on the DLCs on offer.It will only be after you play the game, get in and see how much needed some of the DLC is that you'll realise how screwed over you were and how the DLC makes the game P2W. It makes it considerably easier with abilities that give auto targeting to instant kill tank units where base ""Strategems"" require you to land these barrages on top of the target and time it to land within three seconds or so. Don't want the hassle? Pay for the Precision DLC pack: Anti-Tank/Armoured missiles will auto target the tanks or armoured units if they're on the same screen where the base ""vanilla"" DLC lands right on top of where you drop the beacon.How about Anti-Tank mechs or tanks? Well, for the price of €4 you can unlock an anti-tank mech, a massive overpowered tank and a two man motor-bike for funsies! Or you could have paid €10 extra before you bought the game and gotten EVERYTHING included. Pity... now your only option is to pay for DLC individually or pay €20 to get what the DDE would have given you.It's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially to those of us who pre-ordered and had no idea what the DLC was or how it would affect gameplay or how much easier it would make things or give you a massive boost in progression. You get a tank if you pay for it. You won't know it until you actually play the game for a while but there isn't a tank in the game. The DLC is the only way to get the tank!It's a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ practice and there should have been more information given to us when we were asked to pay up but they didn't. They just listed DLC packs, no information on them and gave the illusion that the pre-order bonus of the Ranger DLC was unique but it's not... It's probably the more useless packs in the game.The game is fantastic but if you're going to get it and think you'll love it just spend the extra €10 otherwise you're going to be feeling really sour about your purchase."
,Recommended,394510,19623321,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,rev,- You can ride mech- You can shoot friend in the name of democracy- Your turret can kill you- Your mech can kill your friend- You can dodge bullet by crouching- You can play solo- You can play online with local co op- You can drop nuke for liberty- You can contribute to The Super Earth- You can be a Legend
76561198066238151,Recommended,394510,19529590,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,KillAllCreatures,"Last mission,Stay alive till ship comes to pick us upP1: -calls a mechsuit-P2: -calls a mechsuit-P3: -calls a mechsuit-Tim: -calls in an unnecessary APC--mechs land close to each other-Everyone's running to their Mech suits-APC lands on top of Mech suits-blowing up all 3 Mechs-Plus the people who were running towards it.10/10"
,Recommended,394510,19490123,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Punished PsychoMime,"I have heard this game described in many ways. Some call it ""starship troopers the game"", some call it ""the ODST game you've always wanted"", some even call it "" a commentary on the bush administration and the effects it has had on us and the warnings of over-patriotism."" I personally describe it as the best top down shooter I have ever played. The thrill of waiting for the shuttle as enemies overwhelm you and the music rises to a crescendo is incomparable. The shame of watching your own turret team kill the last player is unmatched. The pride of being the last alive amongst your friends and bringing them back while mowing down hordes of bugs is like no other.I have owned this game and played it extensively on the PlayStation Vita. That being said, this is a tremendous port and definitely will become my preferred version of the game.tl;dr: best twinstick shooter, glorious moments, good port.9/10"
76561198062622824,Recommended,394510,23722718,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Private Snowballs,"I Enjoy this game, however it has many flaws.Pros:-Starship Troopers type gameplay-Good graphics and solid gameply machanics-Pretty good community-Fun in short burstsCons:-Extremely repeditive maps-Small pool of enemies per 'race'-DLC gives some OP equipment OR gives staight crap-Doing missions solo is hard and it turns into a grindfestAll in all I would recomend to buy with friends and keep it for when your bored and wana feel like your in a sci-fi movie, but the game gets repedititive after a couple hours. BUY WITH FRIENDS!!"
,Recommended,394510,20026419,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zelba,"Day 1:I bought the game.Seems to be pretty cool.Easy missions are a bore, but i actually found some people communicative enough and we worked as a team.Propably gonna get back to the game next day, so far so good.Day 2:Start the game.Well i just joined a team of 3 and they suggested we do the helldive mission (hardest difficulty).Why the hell not, but i thought i'd only slow them down.We freaking ace the mission, everybody escapes, every objective is done, we cheer each other up, telling how good it was and stuff.Some guys tell me how cool that was that i saved them all a couple times, while being almost dead myself.Feels pretty cool.So that's the true side of this game, huh?Day 3:I find even more people to play with and add them to steam.We go for some hard missions.Get our♥♥♥♥♥♥wrecked several times by the damn tank bugs, who circled us.Run around the objective wrecking hell and havoc around, ressurecting your buddies and throwing stuff around.I started noticing how i meet the same people which is kind of cool. Sure the community is comparatively small (about 2-3k around the steam + some people on reddit and other forums), but there's a charm in that, because you meet familiar faces who you've already fought along with and you go on new adventures and stuff.+ the voice-active fellas are a pretty common thing in this game and they talk mostly tactical or just fun♥♥♥♥♥♥ no trash-talk or anything. To be honest i'm yet to see one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who ruins the mission in this game, mostly it's just♥♥♥♥♥♥n'giggles that we die to.Day 4:Tried soloing some missions, did pretty good.Decided to buy DLC, because at least one is a must (the all-terrain pack, snow planets are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥without the boots perk).The price stings, but why the hell not, i'm having fun with the game.Join another group of guys and we complete a full Helldive planet and get the legendary cape.Feels good.Also we defeated the bugs homeworld and are about to capture the cyborgs.I decided to try out the cyborg planets as i was mostly playing the bugs before.Join the random game and feel the sudden urge to cry ""FOR THE EMPEROR"" as i spawn my mech and run around exploding tanks, butchers and other enemies.There is indeed a strong warhammer feel to that, just like there is a ""Starship troopers"" feel to every bug planet.Cyborgs are tough though, so we die a lot, but still manage to do this.After about 16 hours of gameplay i still have some equipment that i haven't got, which is cool.Day 5:So i woke up, did some stuff and decided to do a quick run.Oh boy was i wrong.I join a ""helldive"" server on cyborg planet.The mission is to kill 400 enemies.""Well that's not so tough. Tanks and robots might prove difficult but other than that we got it"".We spawn on the planet and that's where the fun starts.Tanks everywhere.Robots everywhere.The situation where you're the only one alive and you spawn your whole team happens literally every minute, because you all keep dying to stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like jumping in front of the rocket, or getting killed by falling tank or something like that.We fail the mission but the laughter is real.""Another try?""""Sure why not""We try again and fail again.And then another one.And another.We failed like five or six times in a row, each mission with it's own epic moments and tactics, like spawning our own tank and controlling the crowd, or spamming the static field that slows enemies and the artillery, while staying in the corner.But we failed every time and it was still so very fun.To be honest it's the most fun i've had with the game in a long time. People are working together and the occasional friendly-fire kills are more fun than frustrating.The game itself is indeed hardcore as the slogan states. Not too hardcore, but just enough to make it fun and not frustrating experience.The community is very friendly and fun, so you can find your place there. the ""war"" thing in the game helps too, as it unites people, getting them a goal to strive for.The price is a bit too high, so if you have doubts i'd recommend waiting for the sale and grabbing the game then.DLC are really optional. The only one that you really need, as i've already mentioned, is ""all-terrain pack"" because otherwise snow planets are really frustrating and slow.So if you're up to it, then join us and help spread managed democracy throughout the galaxy"
76561198084000741,Recommended,394510,28507956,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ripper,"Initially, this game is a lot of fun in co-op (especially with friends). The late-game (after 30-40 hours) is very lacking. Also, the pricing model is sickening. Overall, I feel the enjoyment outweighed the issues, so I'm satisfied with my purchase. But you should read the details (esp. the negative ones) below if you consider buying this.GoodA lot of fun with friendsCan be played soloCan be played with random people and the community is surprisingly well behavedInitially there's a lot of variety (enemies, environments, weapons) and the progression system is very enjoyable (you unlock new equipment or perks very often)Friendly fire is awesome in this game, realistic and funAmazing attention to detail and great use of realism to introduce difficulty - for example turning speed is lower when firing, you have to stop when you want to open the map (no persistent map overlay), you can't do any other action during weapon reload, you can shoot when bleeding on the ground but only from a small-arm pistol, etcBadOnce you unlock everything and play even the hardest difficulty missions (after 30-40 hours), there's little else to explore.The enemy variety is much smaller than it initially seems. You've basically seen everything once you played a difficulty 9+ mission.The environment has some variety (desert, volcanic, forest, snow, city), but they do not differ too much. For example I would expect shooting among and destroying the trees in the forest, or cracking the ice in a snow world. Nothing like that is there. The only visible change between the environment (except for snow/water surface) are volcanoes spilling lava.The objectives variation could've been higher. There are maybe 10 different objectives, which is fine, but I'd like to see more of them, more different, and some of them introduced just later in the game.The global war concept. On one hand, it's cool that all players contribute to a war, and it changes even without you playing (you come the next day and different sectors/planets are available). On the other hand, it prevents you from playing exactly the mission you want, and that's a huge disadvantage. The system isn't balanced properly, so one day the war ends, and on the next day it's not just that another war has started (that's obvious), but one of the factions might be already exterminated! Which means you'll be locked out of those missions (not be able to fight against that faction) for a few more days until a new war starts. Also, when we played Helldivers for the first time, we arrived at a point where only enemy home planets were available. So there were no missions where we could obtain new gear, which is essential on lower levels. This is very confusing for beginner players. I believe this game needs to give the player a choice whether they want to play the global war, or they just want to fire up a custom arbitrary mission with their friends, with no limitation.The pricing mode. Arrgh! This is as bad as some F2P titles on mobile phones. You can play the vanilla (no DLCs) version very well, initially. But later, once you're playing the hardest difficulty missions, you'll realize that some of those missions (especially the snow ones) are almost impossible to complete unless at least someone from the team has bought the right DLCs. As I and my 3 friends picked up just the vanilla version, we have basically just 2 options - decide to pay up just to be able to ""finish"" the game (complete the hardest missions together), or be screwed. To make this even worse, the developers decided to do a shameless money-grab from those who originally bought the vanilla version and want to buy the DLCs later - the vanilla game is €20, the deluxe version (all DLCs) is €30, but the DLC megabundle (available when you already have the vanilla game) is €20, so €40 in total (€10 more than the deluxe version). I extremely despise this, the only fair approach is to not put DLC players into advantage in a multiplayer title. This is the opposite -DLC players are in a big advantage, you're not even able to play some missions without DLCs, and buying the DLCs later milks you from more money than the deluxe version cost. I'm very angry about this. To be absolutely clear, I'm talking here mainly about All-Terrain Boots (snow missions are near impossible without them), UAV (makes equipment upgrading much faster), Demolisher Charges (much better against tanks than alternatives when soloing) and perhaps some other. My main gripe goes to the boots, though, because you'll feel cheated once you try snow maps on high difficulties without them.So, overall, a great game with a terrible business model. Lacking late-game content, but expect 30-40 hours of fun. And do yourselves a favor and buy the Deluxe version right away. You'll be less angry late game."
76561198067002281,Recommended,394510,30611621,Posted: 19 March,all,Myantro,"As a fan of this game developer's first game ""Magicka"" I was coming into this game with some very high expectations. Expectations that most games and/or movies normally fall short of having lost the hunger to make a truly great game merely coasting of the fame of their former titles or simply making a cheap clone of their first hit. Oh how ArrowHead Game Studios have proved me wrong. Apart from being a top down the similarities end there. Combining the level up system, multiple weapons & customisations to go with, perks, upgradeable stratagems, vehicles, planets & their different biomes, cooperative play, and the general system in which everyone from around the world works together to take control of the galaxy one section at a time... I have a very hard time considering any other top down shooter even half decent at this point. The developers took a genre and said we can do something better with this & took it to the next level. The depth they brought to top down shooters & cooperative gameplay on a global scale makes this game quite unlike anything else I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,394510,19865633,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TeeKay,"This game, despite having a few major flaws, it still pretty fun for a while. I wanted to write an informative negative review about something other than complaining about the DLC or controls, which is what almost all the other negative reviews are about.In my opinion, there are three major things wrong with this game:1.  On higher difficulties, the game revolves largely around avoiding being detected by scouts but the mechanics of the scouts are dull and sometimes frustrating.This is by far the biggest problem with Helldivers.On the higher difficulties, mission success is very, very reliant on remaining mostly undetected.  The map has wandering scouts, who call for backup if they are not killed within about 2 seconds of being alerted.  Their sight range is about half a screen length, so they can sound the alarm within 2 seconds of appearing on the edge of your screen.  This itself is not a problem, but . . .In multiplayer, all characters are locked on the screen and can not move the camera independently.  However, the scouts' alert range remains the same.  The result is that the scouts can sound the alarm from off-screen, unless the players are traveling in a tight group in the center of the screen, practically shoulder to shoulder, which is very hard to do unless you're playing with friends who are good at co-operating.  This makes the multiplayer awkward and frustrating at times.Because the game revolves so much around not getting detected, players must stop and press TAB to open the map every few seconds to try see the approaching scouts on the map before they appear on screen.  Some players bring lots of ammo (or a weapon that doesn't consume ammo) and shoot them off-screen.  This kind of gameplay gets very, very stale within a few hours, yet it's what you'll be spending 90% of your time doing if you play on the highest difficulty.As a result of all this, it's much easier to play the game alone, so your character is center-screen and scouts can never catch you by surprise.  You'll still be opening the map every 5 seconds, to make sure you're not facing the wrong direction when they come.  Playing alone gets boring.  A game that encourages playing alone has problems.This could be mostly fixed by making each players camera move independently, or completely changing the alert mechanics, preferably the latter.On top of all this, once you do start soloing, or playing with a group that's decent at killing scouts, the game becomes way too easy.  No one should be able to consistently solo the hardest difficulty within their first 20 hours on a game, yet after about 20 hours of play, soloing the hardest difficulty was so easy to me that it became boring.  I may have been able to do it even earlier had I thought to attempt it.2.  The controls are awkward.This is more of a problem for newer players, because you do get used to the awkward controls eventually, but it makes the first few hours of play much less enjoyable than they would be otherwise.  Also, because the scouts sound the alarm very quickly, being able to shoot them as fast as possible is very important, and the awkward controls add a very not-fun layer of difficulty to this.  Awkward controls shouldn't be used to add difficulty to a game, unless it's in a hilarous and fun way such as Magicka's spell casting system.With mouse and keyboard, the awkwardness comes from the fact that the cross-hair does not show up on the screen while the player is not aiming down their sights (which greatly slows your move speed).  The cross-hair also resets to the middle of your screen (or a few feet in front of your character, if you use that option) every time you stop aiming down sights.  The result is cumbersome and unintuitive aiming controls that frequently make you lose track of your cross-hair.  It also forces you to pick up and move your mouse a lot.  The white cross-hair is also difficult to see in some maps.A lot of players are suggesting that the cross-hair be always visible, which would certainly help, and it sounds like the developers are considering it.On a gamepad, it's simply difficult to know where you're aiming, and difficult to aim precisely.  Often you'll see gamepad players fire a couple rounds just to see where they're aiming, then adjust their aim on target and fire again, effectively using their first few bullets as a laser pointer.  Of course, you can run with the laser pointer perk all the time (and many gamepad users do this) but this limits your loadout significantly.  Aiming feels so much better with the laser pointer perk (and so bad without it) that I think it should be there by default and not take up your perk slot.3.  Some important (but not essential) items are sold as DLC.There are a few items in the DLC packs that are very helpful, although it's still very possible to manage without them.  I dislike when games sell important items as DLC.The items I'm referring to are the UAV drone, All Terrain Boots, and Exo-51 Lumberer Exosuit.  Most of the other DLC items are not game changing, and many of them are hardly ever used.At this point, I've probably made this game sound pretty bad.  Helldivers was still pretty fun for the first 30 hours or so, but the lack of difficulty and poor stealth mechanics make the game get stale much faster than I would have liked.  With some changes, I could easily see myself playing Helldivers for hundreds of hours and rating it as one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,394510,27796693,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WiseClock,"Remember, you can end your teammates to save them from being killed by the enemies."
,Recommended,394510,19607836,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,DocDrex,"On the surface, Helldivers is your stereotypical twinstick shooter that's been brought over from PSN to steam after being out for 9 months. Set in a scifi environment, you are part of an elite squad of soldiers, the Helldivers, sent forth from your home planet of Super Earth to spread justice, liberty, and democracy, to alien scum, etc etc. Now, it sounds pretty generic and B-rated movie nonsense, but honestly it shines as a strong co-op game that hinges well on good teamwork and coordination, while not ruining it for people looking for more casual fun too with the different difficulty levels of missions.However, the biggest point that stands out for the game is it's unique supply drop system, called ""strategems"". Basically, you can call down extra firepower or support by plugging in a set combination of directional keys and then waiting for them to arrive. While it seems simple, it can get very hectic to do so while under fire and being swarmed by the enemy, so it adds a fun challenging charm to an already amusing game.The small quips your soldiers make while fighting are humerous, the guns feel nice when firing, the aliens die satisfyingly, and you get a good sense of accomplishment when completing missions, especially if you can manage to do so without dying.Speaking of dying, this game was made by the same folks who thought up Magicka, so yes, there is friendly fire, and yes, you can in fact be crushed by the strategems you call in if you're not careful enough. so have fun with that, since it adds more to the teamwork dimension of the game.Does the friendly fire take away from the game? Honestly, after playing the game for a bit with a mix of pubs and friends alike, I can safely say that it really doesn't. More often then not, you'll be killed by the aliens or the strategems you called in, not by your teammates, unless they're actively trolling you. If that's the case, you can kick people being problematic from your game and continue on your merry way of spreading democracy in the name of Super Earth.I highly recommend the game to anyone looking for a good priced co-op shooter, and don't let the DLC fool you, you don't need all of them (or any of them for that matter) to enjoy the game. They just add some armor customization cosmetics and a few alternative versions of weapons you can already unlock by simply playing the game itself, only 2 or 3 actually make a noticeable difference and are ""worth"" getting (and I use the term ""worth"" loosely here)As a whole, great fun, totally recommend it, grab it with some friends and get to shooting!"
76561198052308999,Recommended,394510,20633153,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,NotJustHim,"Don't be a fool like me. Buy the deluxe edition. I ended up spending about 30 euros extra on the game, because I haven't. It is worth it. This is a challenging game with amazing co-op capabilities. Although, I have beaten the entire game solo, with only the ocassional co-ops for fun, it is still a hard-core game and is not a walk in the park.I couldn't thank arrowhead studios enough, for bringing a game such as this to life. Skill based games that challenge creative thinking are a rarity nowadays...All things considered, Helldivers is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,394510,19531358,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mikey,"So this review is based off roughly 100+ hours of playing this on PS4 combined with just over 3 hours of playing on PC to ensure the port is good... well it's not good.... it's♥♥♥♥ing GreatFor those who love a stick shooter, you should know nothing more just buy this game.   Get a group of friends and just roll with it, and you will be surprised at how much fun you have.PROSSteam integration seems fantasticgreat in game VOIP systemEasy to play with friends, and kick toxic playersGame runs very well on PC from low res window to 4k and it looks greatWonderful Humor, art style, etc... it captures both Murica & a starship troopers vibeGameplay has a lot more depth as you will continue to dive in.  Classes, weapon rolls, you will soon find out team composition mattersRewarding and challenging in the right waysFriendly FIRE is awesome and hilariousJust one of the best top down coop experiences ever createdCONSSome people might buy DLC right away, I would say wait as it's really made for seasoned players to hop back intoBest when played with friends.. so loners might not get the full experienceOverall, this game offers a lot and at a $20 entry fee, your money will be well spent."
,Recommended,394510,26397186,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Tons of unique weapons, vehicles, and moreFriendly fire chaos funWhat You Need to Know:Want to get this out of the way, don't buy if you want to play soloThis game is built around co-op and the difficulty and balance is built for it. Solo you have limited lifes vs unlimited on co-op. So it's not as funThe missions are all procedural in layout and missions. The maps are limited to 3 types, jungle, snow and city. With about 12 mission types to get.The game is a grind for upgrades, but you can get more upgrade points in mission, so that lightens the load.Enemy variety is very weak, higher difficulties almost require ap weaponsThe most fun you can have is laughing at killing your teammates with your drops, weapons, vehiclesMost of the DLC is worthless, some are op, so it's kinda pay 2 win. Just don't like how expense they are even bundledMy Score:BPrice:$24(deluxe edition)Completed in:20 hours (time to unlock everthing and upgrade the good ones)Games similar:MagickaEARTH DEFENSE FORCEAlien Swarm(FREE)"
,Recommended,394510,19622621,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Conkerkid11,"This is one of the most hardcore co-op games I've ever played.Be prepared for friendly-fire from your teammates, your teammates' turrets, your support drops, your teammate's support drops, etc... Everything deals damage to you, and the game plays like a couch co-op game when multiple people are in a game, where the camera is focused in on the host while everybody else moves around within the confines of that camera's field of view.Helldivers is an absolute blast to play with friends, randoms online, or even yourself. The game is balanced well in singleplayer, where you're given more than one life, but it's still best played online so you can experience the various unique mechanics that make teamwork as necessary as it is. It's not anywhere near as simple as evading enemies and spraying bullets all over the place like most twin-stick shooters. Instead, you'll find yourself picking your targets before firing, and ensuring that no teammates are going to get caught in the crossfire. Leveling up also rewards you with upgrade points and new gear to spend them on, allowing for an even more diverse group of helldivers ready to take on the game's strongest foes. There's also a lot of time management and cover fire necessary to throw out the various abilities you can select from, as they're cast with unique button combinations, and required for necessary functions such as reviving teammates and supplying your team with more ammunition.On top of the great looking visuals and audio, online voice chat quality is top notch, and there's text-based chat as well.You're getting a ton of content for your money with the vanilla version of the game. It's well worth every penny."
,Recommended,394510,19661161,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Doom Cookie,"You drop in with your friends, kill a bunch of aliens from 1 of 3 factions (crustacean bugs, cyborgs that are a bit like Warhammer 40k's orcs, or the illuminates that are based on the trope of super-intelligent aliens with their gleaming white robots), call in drops called ""stratagems"" and kill everything.The game works by generating a small map with several objectives (the number and type of objectives changes on higher difficulties). The objectives vary from just capturing an area to performing geological surveys to disarming minefields to escorting people from one point to another and so much more.Singleplayer is completely viable, which is very nice. But the game really opens up with multiplayer (up to four people total). And all bullets flying through the air are capable of hurting you, be they from the enemies, you, your friends, your turrets, your friends' turrets, etc. Going prone puts you out of danger from all that, and even helps you survive explosions. One possible objective of the game is to blow up a structure using a massive explosive that you have to call in and activate; jumping to prone right before it goes off and surviving is incredibly satisfying.At the end of every mission, after completing all the other objectives, you have to get to the extraction point, call it in, and hold out until the ship gets there. At this point, everybody pulls out their mechs and turrets and heavy machine guns, and all the enemies know you're there and you get swarmed. But it's incredible because everyone is firing like mad, and the guns feel powerful - it reminds me of how the Dawn of War games would be with big-scale shootouts and ridiculous firepower.On top of it all, there's a huge number of unlockables - weapons, perks, stratagems, upgrades - that you'll go hunting for. Some of them you get from leveling up, other times you get them as a part of completing planets (each planet has 2-3 missions), and all the upgrades you get from research points that you find in the map or from leveling up. There's so much to get, and none of it changes the game so much to make you feel pointlessly invincible.The DLC has some stigma because it was there on release. The thing a lot of people don't realize is that those were released slowly over time while this game was on the PlayStation, and it would be pretty unfair to get them for free when the PS players had to pay for them all. Also, none of the items are game-changers, and you can do without them. Furthermore, buying them supports the incredible Arrowhead.That said, they've already released 3 free content expansions during its time as a PlayStation exclusive, and from what I understand, they intend to make more. That means all the meaningful content like new planets, enemies, or mechanics aren't lost on people who don't want to pay extra for the game. They don't want to split their community, especially because it plays such a pivotal part of the central game. All Helldiver players everywhere indirectly take part in a universe-wide war with the three factions, fighting for territory or defending planets.TL;DR:Just buy it.The price might seem a bit steep at first, but then you realize that the game has so much there. There are no gimmicks or tricks, it's just plain fun. All in all, I have little to no complaints. The game is extremely replayable, fantastically fun, works well in singleplayer, and shines in multiplayer.Edit:There's some negative opinions about the game's keyboard and mouse controls. I've tried them, and I think they need a bit of getting used to but don't hinder the gameplay much at all. That said, the game does play better on a gamepad (it's called a twin-stick shooter for a reason) and even if the keyboard and mouse controls were 100% perfect it still would not be as good as playing with a gamepad. Gamepads are simply better controllers for certain kinds of games, and this is one of them. Just get a gamepad if you really mind the K&M controls :)"
76561197979890102,Recommended,394510,28604084,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dercius,If you know and like Starship Troopers this game delivers everything you need.
76561198021031479,Recommended,394510,20319318,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Xilia,"Almost knocked 100h in this game.Graphical 8/10 - Its very easy to look at, occasionally a graphical bug in the enviroment, cliffs, water, etc. But who cares about that. Overall the graphics are good. Nothing too fancy. It doesn't need to be anywayStory LIBERTY/10 There isn't much story behind this. You fight agaisnt 3 races over random generated mission on planets. The story invlolves about SUPER EARTH that has the only right way of life; DEMOCRACY, JUSTICE and LIBERTY. You as a helldiver must spread these only right ways to the galaxy.... While you are there on those planets. Activate those oil pumps so HUMANITY can trive. This is a total comical version of people seeing these values like an extreme version of America self-righteousness, with the goverment being always right and is unopposed, like North-Korea believes their leader is a god. I recommend readying and talking to the few npc's in the game. Because it is hilarious.Gameplay 10/10 This is the best part obviously. All what we love (and sometimes got frustrated with) in magicka returns!4 player co-op. Button comboing, and especially FRIENDLY FIRE. And man... Does it do a good job. Imagining you fighting back to back with 3 other players. Calling the evac shuttle after you done the mission on a HELLDIVER diffeculty planet. F*CK! BUGS everywhere! Stick close to each other to concentrate fire on the swarms coming for you! Alright.. 10 seconds left. Lets get in position for evac people!.♥♥♥♥♥♥.. More bugs and tentacles bugs block every possible way! You are stuck on the landing zone of the evac shuttle!. You fight withthe best of your ability. A man gets downed, you can revive him.. Shuttle is coming. You see it above you as it goes for landing. Screams are heared.. SPLASH! Mission fail.Overall 9/10Only real turn off is that the DLC is a must have. You are likely better off spending 10 more bucks to get teh Digital deluxe pack. ESPECIALLY THE DLC ENVIROMENT BOOTS. Why did the devs think it was a good idea? Fighting Illumy boss in a snow world without boots is ♥♥♥♥ed up. You will walk very slow in snow, unless you have these dlc boots.BUUUT.. The game is totally worth it. Worth all its dlc.. they add more on the already impressive amount of weapons, vehicles/mechs and support aircalls."
,Recommended,394510,19667064,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Deepeye,"HELLDIVERS is an incredibly fun game. If you recall Starship Troopers or Robocop (original) from Paul Verhoeven then you can imagine the exaggerated, ignorantly utopian world which is pretty much a satire for everything we know. This feeling has been delivered here by Arrowhead Game Studios in a game format, which is entertaining and addictive.It's an isometric action shooter for 1-4 players where you are an Super Earth elite soldier battling 3 alien races throughout the galaxy sectors, with progress being accumulated by every player's contribution by completion of objectives. Which in turn leads to additional, major events.Game has an incredible amount of weapons - from direct damage firearms, mechanized exosuits, APCs, tanks, to turrets, call-in airstrikes and technological gadgets. All of them can be upgraded by receiving research points from leveling or gathering special objectives (samples) in levels, opening new ways to use them or improve on weak points.HELLDIVERS has 12 difficulty levels divided by planets in sectors. Every loadout slot is a tactical choice and can either compliment team composition to be able to deal with all manner of threats or strengthen individual divers.Essentially it's an Alien Swarm meets Magicka game. Having very dynamic gameplay and challenges for all levels of skill and group compositions.If you decide to get it - buy the full dlc version as it will save you money on individual dlc purchases where some really great items are provided (perk boots, tank, solid mid tier walker, etc)."
,Recommended,394510,26950517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TeaJay,"Magicka meets Starship Troopers.From the randomised missions, to the chaotic co-op and not-so-friendly fire.This game starts out as a super casual fun twin stick shooter. But as you rise up trough the difficulties, the game really picks up. Teamwork starts to become important. Equipment and loadouts need to be tediously planned. Objectives and deployment zones need to be thoughtfully discussed. And as you finally complete the hardest missions, you'll learn that your biggest enemy isn't the Cyborgs, Bugs or Illuminate.The true enemies are your friends."
76561198006165471,Not Recommended,394510,19556347,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,iFruit,"Absolutely fantastic game, but the shameful monetizing policy that f*cks over anyone who just wants to upgrade their standard prepurchase version makes me feel righteousl  angry and I will firmly  recommend not to buy  until this is revised."
,Recommended,394510,19665766,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TheS0m3b0dy,Never before have I made so many friends and more importantly spread so much democracy in just a few hours.
76561198265152363,Recommended,394510,19577377,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Saucy Sausage,"More elite soldiers die from accidental ammo drops than actual aliens. You're gonna be one of them, no way to avoid that.10/10"
76561198055448351,Recommended,394510,23867944,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,chefcook90,"HELLDIVERS is easily the most fun I've ever had with a twin-stick shooter - If you're reading this review and the Digital Delux Edition is on sale, GET IT.There are a lot of reviews that go along the lines of ""buy with friends"" and ""the must-buy dlc detracts from the game"", so I'm going to toss in my two cents.1. So far I've been having a hillarious time joining randoms and having random people drop in on my games, and the solo play actually is actually pretty solid on low-medium difficulty worlds.2. On sale the must-have dlc packs only add up to about $4.50, so it's not much to complain about. Of course WHICH dlc packs are a must will vary from player to player so......I'll give a quick rundown of the DLC, IMHO;- Must-haves:Support Pack, Ranger Pack, Hazard Ops Pack- Definitly worth getting:Commando Pack, Defenders Pack, Weapons Pack, Demolitionist Pack.- I'll say it's Good, but Your Miliage May Vary:Pilot Pack, Vehicles Pack, Specialist Pack- Great, but HIGHLY situational:Terrain Specialist Pack, Entrenched Pack- You'll probably want a Refund:Precision Expert Pack- Absolute Crap:Pistol Perk PackFor the specifics on the content of each pack, check out the individual store pages for each DLC, or look up one of the excellent community guides over in the steam forums.Note: the DLC isn't strictly necessary to enjoy the game - everything you need to play on the highest difficulty worlds can be earned in-game; however it DOES add loads of fun contentent that will greatly enhance your experience.TheReinforcements Mega Bundlegives you the all of the good DLC + all of the crappy DLC for slighty less than the combined price of all the good DLC if bought separately, so if you don't mind shelling out $24 on DLC for a $20 game I would definitely recommend picking it up (it's a no brainer if it's on sale)"
,Recommended,394510,32819606,Posted: 26 June,all,Oh,Has ItGot ?☑Twin-stick shooter action☑100%able without dlc☑Cape physics (uUuuh)☑Fresh homemade democracy
,Recommended,394510,32091654,Posted: 31 May,all,KeeGeeBee,"I used to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Alien Swarm, and if you've played and liked that, get helldivers. There's your TLDR, so now lets move on to the actual review.When you start up the game, you're met with a cinematic explaining the setting and situation. Following that, you'll go into training, where you'll learn the basics of the game; including the fact that a small mistake can mess you up BAD. Following training, you'll be sent into the field to fight the enemy on various planets. starting off, you have only one gun: the liberator, as well as a sidearm. The liberator is a very solid weapon, and there aren't really any direct upgrades to it later on. Each of the guns is unique, even if some are far better than others. There are a few kinds of planets you can fight on, each having their own specific characteristics. snow planets will slow down your walking (except for a few small areas), forest planets have puddles of water that will slow you down, desert planets have wide open spaces and narrow canyons between mountains/hills, and volcanic planets are usually black rock with geysers of lava spewing out of them; which will damage you until you get downed. There are 3 enemy factions you can face, the Cyborgs: communist robot ISIS, the Illuminates: mysterious, technologically advanced monks, and the Bugs: starship troopers: electric boogaloo. each of these factions have different kinds of scouts, that function in similar but different ways. I'd say the Illuminates probably have the most annoying scouts, because they're really hard to see until they spot you, are un-impedded by snow and water, and can move quite quickly. Each of these factions also has different units that they send after you, with different ways of deploying those units (but each of these ways are functionally the same). The Bugs will un-burrow around you, the Cyborgs will drop in from low planetary orbit, and the Illuminates will teleport onto the battlefield. The enemies that are sent at you vary in how annoying and how deadly they are, as well as what it takes to defeat them (keep in mind that hellpods can kill ANYTHING if you time and target them right). When you're dropped onto a planet, you have a list of objectives to complete, which you can see in the map at the start of the mission. You're allowed to spawn ANYWHERE on the map, even right on top of objectives. So why wouldn't you? Because enemy patrols are more frequent around objectives, you're safer the farther you are from them. On very low difficulties, you should have no problem with spawning on objectives, but on higher difficulties, you're gonna want to spawn somewhere really isolated so you have time to get all your support strategems in. After your objectives are complete, you need to head to the extraction zone, where you'll activate a beacon that will call in a dropship to pick you up. You board this dropship simply by running into the sides where the doors are. After about 15 seconds, or when everyone is in, the dropship will take off, and you'll be treated to a victory screen, where all of your experience and statistics are tallied up, so you can jerk yourself off to how accurate you were and how many kills you got. At the end of these missions, you're sent back to the bridge of your ship, where you can spend the technology points you earn by collecting scientific samples on the missions, as well as customize you outfit and read information about the aliens you just shot, stabbed, burned, and exploded. You're then able to continue your missions on the planet you were just on, or abandon that planet, lose it's planetary reward, and move to a different one. One last bit of advice, if you see a ""retaliatory strike"" mission, do NOT go to that planet, no matter the reward. That kind of mission is basically impossible, and you will rage hard trying to beat them."
,Recommended,394510,19486424,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tazbutt127,"I gave up on Preorders until Helldivers happened. Holy crap this game is good. Works perfectly fine, no bugs, no crashing, etc. An amazing example of how to port a game. Buy it and protect democracy!"
,Recommended,394510,27518030,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Moneymunkie,"So I've always been the kind of guy who will buy a game and play it for a while before shelving it and probably never coming back to it again. However when I bought Helldivers a year ago when it (finally) got ported over to the PC, I can't help but find myself come back to it constantly and falling in love with it again and again.Helldivers is a twin-stick shooter that puts you in the shoes of one of Super Earth's most valiant defenders of freedom and democracy named, funnily enough, the Helldivers. Dropped right into enemy territory and using a wide variety of weaponry and artillery, you must traverse a randomly generated map (which can take place on a variety of different terrain like on desert, volcanic or even in huge planetwide urban centres) completing all the objectives before calling for extraction and standing your ground till your ride arrives.Each planet you liberate not only nets you some new gear or xp but also contributes to a meta-campaign that the whole community contributes to where humanity is fighting a war on 3 fronts against the Cyborgs, Bugs and Illuminate. Were it is possible to knock each race out of the war by a successful invasion of their home planet but were it is also possible for Super-Earth to fall should any of them push that far.Before you prepare to drop in you get to pick the loadout you drop in with which comprises of your primary weapon, a perk and 4 stratagems slots. Stratagems are various bits and bobs you can call in at any time during the mission which could be anything from a simple ammo drop to a mech to an orbital laser strike and so much more. The brilliant thing about this system is that there are no restrictions to what you can put in these slots and you can even put multiples of the same stratagem in different slots which allows for a large diversity in the number of builds you can create. Combine this with the different races you are fighting that have their own strengths and weaknesses and you will find yourself changing out gear quite a bit to best fit what you are trying to accomplish.The community in-game while not large is certainly quite friendly and helpful. Heck I've befriend so many people I even had to tag everyone I've met in-game as a Helldiver since they've taken a significant portion of my friends list! The reason why the community is in a good state is due in part to the cooperative nature of the game but also as the game features a commendation system. This allows you to commend people if they were fun to play with or report them if they are particularly malicious. If you get too many reports then you only get to play with others who've also been misbehaving.However despite the fact that I feel like I have to gush over this game every time I think about it, I will concede that there are a few things that people might not be so stoked over. Things like the shared screen that every player has do deal with can feel a little awkward at first, the war system can prevent you from unlocking some vanilla gear and fighting against your favourite race and the boss fights can be done using some cheap tactics and give way too much influence over regular helldive missions in my opinion.However, with all that said and done though I still have a blast when I pick the game up and dive right in. Whether its just doing some regular dives with randoms or grabbing some buds together and running a theme that restricts the equipment we can take. This game has never failed to entertain me and make me shout FREEEEEEEEEEEEEDOM in the text chat.I would totally recommend if you do decide to buy the game to get the Deluxe Edition, as getting all the DLC's will really expand on the number of tools you have at your disposal and for the most part are actually quite useful, even if at first they seem quite crap (you also get all the cosmetic stuff that came with each individual pack which to own in my opinion is more important ;)"
76561198000731909,Recommended,394510,26617783,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,BrainDps,"You like Starship Troopers?You hate bugs?You like coop adventure funtimes?You like upping your arsenal?You hate bugs?You want to spread freedom accross the universe?You hate bugs?You hate bugs?This game is great, and the galactic map where everyone in the game contributes to the war effort is a unique addition to the game.I hate bugs."
76561197970358346,Recommended,394510,19527415,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BlackjackGT,"Thrilling, unpredictable, drop-in/drop-out cooperative-play focused, sci-fi twin-stick action game from Swedish developer Arrowhead Game Studios (Magicka, Gauntlet reboot), with amazing graphics, animations, special effects, sound effects and music.It's like getting to star in your own hybrid Aliens and Starship Troopers movie at the press of a button, with a different plot and a different ending every time. :-) It feels different every time. Procedurally generated levels and mission objectives never let the game feel stale. Although if you find killing Bugs, Cyborgs and Illuminates repetitive in general, then maybe you'll find the game repetitive  -- however, I've never felt tired of its thrills. :)A couple gameplay movies are worth a thousand of my words (I updated these to videos posted in late 2016):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=789964778http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=794800061A diverse and fun-to-use and fun-to-watch-in-action set of weapons, hardware and stratagem attacks -- dive bombing runs, strafing attacks, multiple artillery salvos, land mines, turrets, the list goes on and on -- give you endless different loadouts for every mission.Endless humor intended (the game's Starship Troopers'-style politics and general backstory) and unintended - drop pods will fall on you sooner or later, probably sooner and a lot often. :-)As far as game comparisons, something like Robotron 2084, Smash TV, Total Carnage, and Alien Swarm with massive, procedurally generated outdoor environments and neverending combinations of mission objectives that prevent gameplay from ever feeling predictable. And even that description is lacking. Helldivers is really just... Helldivers imho. :-)Helldivers MomentsHere's some of what I've done in 18 hours+ play so far (I'll update the list later):Call in a Barrager artillery salvos strike (3-9 artillery salvos depending on upgrades) to break up a seemingly unbeatable Cyborg mass attack and gnashed my teeth when my squaddies ignore my warning and get caught in the blast.Jump jet my railgun-sniper leap back and forth over hordes of Bugs during a Retaliatory Strike mission, trying desperately to stay alive, and call back in squaddies by reinforcment pod.Call in repeated aircraft strafing runs in solo play to break up enemy rushes.Been squashed flat by reinforcement and supply pods repeatedly and never failed to laugh about it. :)Putting the ""C"" in Cooperative PlayOn the co-op side:Rushed under rotary cannon fire and falling grenades to help wounded fellow Helldiver players up off the ground, and had many people I don't know do the same for me. It's a simple gameplay mechanic, but it's a great feeling. :-)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=570653555The other night, my Helldiver was crawling back wounded away from onrushing Cyborgs, and a player squad mate rushed over to help me, and we both got wiped out by a pair of hand grenades. But like a real combat medic, you just want to help fellow soldiers/players, no matter the risk. :-)Been the only player left standing on a Cyborg desert mission, toss a reinforcement beacon only to see it bounce off a cliff into oblivion (!). Rushed to a safe zone and finally called in a reinforcement which gets everyone back on the ground, a rush feeling. :)Bonuses awarded at Mission's end for a low number of player deaths really motivate everyone to work together.Made lots of great new Steam friends playing this game so far. It feels made from the ground up for co-op, even with friendly fire in place, and it just makes you want to enjoy playing the game with other people. :-)Easy MultiplayerThe Steam co-op gameplay set up integration is seamless, and starting up or joining an existing game is easy:Graphical multiplayer game browser, which shows you a game's planet location, difficulty, objectives and number of players in the game.Separate tab lets you see any Helldivers games your friends are hosting or are in. You can join them with one click on the fly.You can right click on anyone in your Steam friends list to join his Helldivers game or invite him to yours.ControlsWhile I've ultimately embraced keyboard/mouse controls, I'm first to admit that a,w,s,d movement in overhead twin-sticks can be a bit klutzy at times. However, I've found the mouse crosshair aiming -- once I got used to it, and it definitely takes some time and persistence to do that -- much more precise than with  my Vita's thumbsticks. If the kb/mouse frustrrates you at first, and you're not a controller fan, please keep playing/practicing. I promise it clicks (at least for most) in due time. :-)Still, you may find controllers a better fit, which is its Sony Vita/PS3/PS4 DNA afterall, so that's great as well.Keybindings are fully rebindable, and controllers/gamepads are remappable.===============================================================For more information on Helldivers PC, please check out my Unofficial FAQ, which I moved from the Steam forum to Steam Game guide format:An Unofficial Helldivers (PC) FAQhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=569766067I only bought a PlayStation Vita back in March this year to play Helldivers. And am really glad it made the leap to PC. :-) I'd wrote more in this review, but I've put 18 hours into the game and need to get back to it! :-)Refreshing this review to see if I can get it to display properly on Steam store page again. :)"
76561198065406467,Recommended,394510,19484534,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Recider,"IMO one of the best co-op games 2015.Runs quite well on poor pc (AMD a6-4400m w/ 7600m gpu, high q. textures, 1366x768, fxaa on - 50-60 fps with random drops to 30fps), I didn't experienced any connection issues, keyboard+mouse controls are made well (remind that this game is a port from PS4)."
,Recommended,394510,20048313,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RekkiE,Hell Divers:1: Addictive - Check2: Fun - Check3: CO-OP - Check4: Difficult - Check5: Can't put it down - uhmmmmm Steam Winter SALE (Gdmmit)6: Buy - CheckNo seriously - game is a blast and you can die by turning your head away from the screen. Seriously only took a second.
,Recommended,394510,19579572,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DarkLord7854,A sci-fi & Starship Troopers version of Magicka. It's as amazing as you can imagine it to be.
76561198011139683,Recommended,394510,19595897,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Smiggetti,"If you dodge a drop pod, you can dodge a ball."
,Recommended,394510,21103920,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,thecrazyscotsman,"***REQUIRED DLC***Let's get this out of the way first. In order to really enjoy this game, you need at least two DLC packs with some essential equipment. (1)RANGER PACK- this unlocks an unmanned drone which is absolutely ESSENTIAL because it reveals sample locations when fully upgraded saving tons of time for farming. (2)TERRAIN SPECIALIST PACK- this gives you a perk which nullifies the slowing effects on snow and swamp planets...mobility is life. I would also recommend the optional (3)ENTRENCHED PACK, as it provides a useful anti-tank mech and barbed wire, which will save your life on retaliation strikes.Gameplay Videos:Solo Gameplay|Retaliation Strike Gameplay|4-player Co-op GameplayHelldivers is a top-down, cooperative action game set in a generic sci-fi setting. Up to four players work together to complete objectives during missions to unlock experience points, gear, and research points to upgrade their gear. Chains of missions can be beaten to conquer planets, which feeds into the Helldivers meta-game, which is quite clever. In the meta-game, humanity is fighting a war on three fronts (corresponding to the three alien races you’ll encounter). Each front is divided into sectors, and as you conquer each sector you get closer to the enemy home planets, which when defeated knock that enemy out of the current “war”. Every planet individual players defeat contributes to the point threshold in each sector, which is conquered when the required threshold is reached. Occasionally the enemy will go on the offensive, forcing you to defend planets (and ultimately Earth). If Earth falls, the current war ends and a new war begins in a presumably alternate reality.Helldivers requires a sense of humor. It’s designed to be played with four players, and each player is constantly calling in orbital bombardments, resupply drop pods, vehicles, and equipment. Each one of these can kill you when they enter the map. You’ll die if you stand in front of a teammate while he’s firing, if you’re too close to his mech when he walks, if you jump out of your vehicle while it’s still moving and it runs you over, if you jump off the side of a cliff, drop a grenade at your own feet, or die from the actual enemies in the game. It’s all part of the fun, but it presupposes that everyone is taking a similar, light-hearted yet directed approach to the game.In my experience, the community is fun and welcoming, for the most part happy to work together to collect samples and complete goals. All in all, Helldivers is tremendous fun and provides excellent value. It’s a shame that several DLC are considered essential to enjoy the game to its fullest, but I suppose you can always get those on sale.Read thefull review. You can also view my Lone Wolf solo guidehere."
,Recommended,394510,29731701,Posted: 5 February,all,[MOB]VinBeast,"Helldivers is a very challenging and addictive Co-Op Shooter.In Helldivers you play as an elite unit working together to protect the planet Super Earth from invading aliens and enemy races along with liberating their own planets.The game focuses on completing missions on different planets while fulfilling a set of different random objectives, these objectives range from killing a set number of enemies, to destroying and protecting equipment and even rescuing survivors.You can play solo or up to 4 players Co-operatively, obviously the more people you have and the more well rounded the team is, the easier the game will be on higher difficulties.After each successful mission you earn xp which will level your character up so you can unlock more weapons and abilites called Stratagems. Stratagems range from Turrets and Player controlled Mechs, to ammo drops and airstrikes. These Stratagems are integral in completing the harder missions so you need to think about which ones to take with you on each mission and the best times to use them.The Presentation is well-rounded with both crisp, clean graphics and satisfying weapon sounds and decent voice acting, the music is also catchy.There are a few issues with the game, for one a lot of lines your fellow helldivers say can get very repetitive, the game also often goes into a event where you can't complete certain missions or boss battles until it's completed.Overall though Helldivers is a very satisfying top down co-op shooter that requires a lot of teamwork but rewards you with plenty of replay value."
76561197999881494,Recommended,394510,19578610,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Foxon Spoopyfur,"It's like Magicka and Alien Swarm did the naughty face hugger and had a baby.40 dollars for every dlc released plus the game is pretty good, especially considering most Triple A titles these days are broken piles of overrated garbage. This is a top-down shooter gem, much like Alien Swarm was. If you like top-down shooters, Alien Swarm, or the old Alien Shooter or Zombie Shooter games (which are also here on Steam!),BUY THIS GAME.Buy this for your friends too. The amount of laughter, anger, and good times is best had with friends. There've been a lot of times where I've died, yelled ""♥♥♥♥!"" then started laughing because it was in the dumbest way... like entering a fresh match mid-fight and without having ANY control, landing on a guy's mech and destroying it and him. Or piling into a motorbike, APC, or tank and getting one hit by a heavy unit... or drop pod... or drive off a cliff... killing all 4 of you at once.Anyone that gives this a down review because of the DLC ""practice"" obviously hasn't played games with bad Free-To-Play models or any game by EA that gouge you for every penny (Ever play Evolve? Wanna pay $15 for one monster?).Get this game. The game is based around community goals so the Hell Divers NEED YOU! Dispense some freedom today!"
,Recommended,394510,29515573,Posted: 26 January,all,Aussiedroid,"Arrowhead Game Studiosare no strangers to the top down twin-stick shooter genre. Where I found Magicka's complex spell combos to be somewhat overwhelming & Gauntlet's authentic gameplay, although loads of fun, to become dullish over time, I foundHelldiversto hit that sweet spot between the two, while offering a much different sci-fi experience.Helldivershas a VERY strong Starship Trooper vibe, but it is used to good effect; while clearly taking its own unique creative queues. As a Helldiver, you are out to protect humanity from all manner of hideous alien species, in all the hostile planets around the galaxy. Each mission is randomly generated, offering different goals and layouts each playthrough. Along with this, there is also a number of different specific scenarios including some challenging boss fights in the late game plus a whopping 12 difficulty levels to choose from!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=590753025In conjunction with the design choices & combination of mechanics used,Helldiversoffers up some intense coop gameplay, that actually encourages team work. Design dictating behaviour; It is nice to see a commendation/reporting option built in to encourage the community to govern itself against troublesome players. The coop/team work/community focus is strong throughout.Levels being objective based, have tasks like bomb disposal, arming a missile silo, blowing up an alien hive or recover an important item. Each almost always requires team work to complete the task &/or to provide defensive cover. You also need to share ammo and supplies to best survive harder incursions.Many of the objectives also require you to input a series of directional presses in sequence and without mistakes to progress. These start off easy but get quite long in harder levels, increasing the pressure & punishing mistakes harshly. This combo mechanic is also used when calling down your personalStratagems(re-enforcement orbital drops). It is fundamental to the gameplay experience, and used in perfect balance with the shooter/action aspects of the game.Friendly fire is ON!One of the other key mechanics vital to the experience is friendly fire. Normally, unless playing with friends this can lead to frustration in online gameplay, actually turned out to be an absolute BLAST*pun intended*, offering up some of the most hilarious, calamitous failures & occasional epic recoveries I've seen. Lot of laugh-out-loud moments, such as the inevitable time when your team mate drops a reinforcementStratagemto revive your dead Helldiver, only to have the capsule kill them on your decent!Surviving your team mates can sometimes be harder than the aliens :)Controls via controller are responsive, precise & there are some challenging achievements to acquire on the side.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=602360106Another impressive element ofHelldiversis the great customisation over your loadouts, each offering something different, but well balanced in a way not to have a go-to loadout. This encourages experimentation, keeps things fresh & used as a reward/unlock mechanic as you level up. The DLCs offer a much wider range of weapons & outfits to choose from, not required by any means, or offering any distinct advantage, but would recommend picking up theTerrain Specialist Pack DLCwith the 'Snow Shoes' as that is necessary in the Arctic scenarios. Working with your team mates' loadouts can greatly enhance your survivability & becomes crucial on harder difficulties.The Mechs you can pilot are fantastic carnage inducing fun too!Aside from the high quality, detailed animations & environments, there are three alien species change up your strategies, all performing very differently from each other. My favourites are the Bugs, perhaps it’s the throwback to Starship Troopers, but I do find them the most fun to play against. Cyborgs get on my nerves with some of the blocking mechanics used & swarms of Illuminate can be hard.These alien species are tied into a rather unique community feature where there is a War fought by all players in the Helldiver Community. Each mission success accumulatively counts points towards victories against the three different alien species, ultimately leading to a campaign to conquer their homeworlds. If players do not work together & push the aliens back, then they can overtake our homeworld. I really like the way this works, offering something to keep you loading the game back up on a regular basis, but it does unfortunately have one limitation in that it can prevent you from being able to play against some of the alien species at some points in the war.You may log in and find you can only fight Cyborgs for example, which can continue for many days!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=598177503With all the variety in the levels, objectives, weapons & aliens coupled with the solid team oriented mechanics there is a lot of replayability to be had for the money, but ultimately as you progress to the top levels, seen a few wars & have everything unlocked the experience can become repetitive. Levels generally play out with similar tactics outside of the core scenario changes.With such solid foundation & super fun gameplay overall, I would love to see content expanded for veteran & new players alike. More map variety(towns/cities/underground/night), more level modes/sizes(A-B survival runs, stealth runs, vehicle only levels, multiphase missions, many more objective types), more aliens or some sort of a game-plus mode or campaigns. Perhaps in a Helldivers 2: Search for More Democracy?Although at time of writing this the online community(over a year since release)is still active, I have also unfortunately experienced many an issue connecting to games over my time playing. Does work 90% of the time, but some will simply not connect & dump you back at your ship. When it does connect, the game performs well.Best played with friends,Helldiversis well worth a look for any fan of coop games or twin stick shooters.For Humanity, & most important of all ..For Democracy!!If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,394510,19544871,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kei-chan,The greatest Starship Troopers game ever made.
,Recommended,394510,28807227,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Argo007,"I downloaded the game. Played a bit solo, 2-3 low difficulty missions. In the middle of joyful killing of dozens of bugs, comes a guy. Funny name, we start general gaming smalltalk. Smalltalk gets bigger. Good sense of humour. We play another one. After that, some talking. About half an hour elapsed. I find ourselves gazing at the bugs home planet from the spaceship, talking about deep life related questions sprinkled with some very well placed puns and jokes. What can I say. If I had spent my money on CS GO, at this point my mother would have been a well known woman according to fellow players. I would have been kicked out from servers, called a cheater, a noob or got my heterosexuality questionned. In this game however, these things did not occur. I really hope that the forthcoming players I get to kill bugs with will be half this good than that fine man was. This game is awesome, 11/10 for experience!"
,Recommended,394510,20052354,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MyMy,"I don't remember that much of emotion in Skype, it tops even Dota sometimes. What would you say to a friend who accidentally shoots you to death while in tank, then rolls over the gunner who was trying to get out to help and then killing himself because of tank's inertia?The game is quite expensive, so maybe you should wait for discounts. And I can't blindly recommend it to everyone. Be aware of hardcore nature of the game - most notably friendly fire and necessity to stay together (you share the screen) and be well coordinated.DLCs are expensive but interesting and offer some important pieces of equipment. EXO Lumberer and Tank (one driver and one shooter) are the most important ones in my opinion and I don't know ways to unlock them without buying.Hours into the game, I still want to play it, beat harder missions and unlock more stuff.TL;DR GOTY (2015) for online co-op with up to 4 people.P.S. Ok, that's too many GOTYs, just the best (2015) game in its category!"
76561198002567771,Recommended,394510,26364707,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Xenus Icelon,"Helldivers is a surprisingly well made semi-casual game (You can pick it up, do a few runs of 20 minutes each and then drop it, or play for hours) that allows for a decent amount of optimizing. Mainly group based, it has a good matchmaking system that lets you literally drop in on someone with a drop pod and get right into the action. Or you can make a pre-made group and plan out your entire mission before launching. All this, for Super-Earth.There are a large amount of weapons available, most well balanced and almost all viable, useful, and easy to use. (Point the loud end at the enemy), with plenty more called in 'stratagems' which range from defensive turrets to airstrikes, to supply drops. There is plenty of variety should you feel like playing with a different style for a change, and it's all viable. The only thing is that you may need to upgrade your items a bit before they reach their full potential.Upgrading items is easy enough, with the upgrades clear on what they give you, and not too hard to get. You find samples during missions and 10 of these become one research point. It's fast enough to be noticeable progress, but also slow enough that you don't get to just unlock everything and then ignore it.There are three different kinds of enemies, all with recognizable themes while their mechanics are different enough to be interesting in their own ways, requiring slightly different tactics or loadouts. The game's theme is excellent, with some small bits of humour in the over-the-top Super-Earth and the player character's zeal in spreading democracy. A few very well made one liners and a great overall wholesome fitting theme works well for pulling you in and giving the game a great identity that is worth coming back to.With missions seeming to be randomly generated, the ability to drop in on any game or to team up with friends while using a varied, well balanced arsenal puts Helldivers firmly in the category of ""Good games"". Without any noticeable flaws and gameplay that keeps you entertained, it is certainly worth it."
,Recommended,394510,19683930,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Coffeemancer,"Some days, you do everything right.  You drop some nukes down a bug hole, rescue survivors from a downed aircraft, and perform some geological surveys in the middle of a warzone.  You and your three squadmates feel good as the evac dropship makes its final approach.  Then the aircraft's starboard wing rips your buddy's mech in half as it comes in for a landing, causing an explosion that takes out two other helldivers in the process.  You have just enough time to realize how screwed you really are, before a swarm of giant alien insects rains down from the sky and promptly rips you asunder when your last magazine runs dry.But the war tosteal resources from Super Earth's neighborssafeguard the Federation's way of life must continue."
,Recommended,394510,28624436,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Absolute Madman,"Oh man. This game. THIS FREAKING GAME!After only two hours played I was COMPLETELY enthralled by this game. Follow me on this.I've been a long time fan of Warhammer: Dawn of War RTS and Alien Swarm, and this game is sort of a combination of both games.You play a single character from a top-down perspective like in Alien Swarm. But you get to use stuff ala Dawn of War series.This game is literally a combination of what made me fall in love with both games. For those two hours I was calling down the air ""strike"" pods to deliver me weapons in every mission and I was always ordering the, I guess the DoW counterpart would be the Heavy Bolter, machine gun. It wouldn't allow me to move, but hell, I was raining down death, destruction and FREEDOM over all the un-eliberated aliens.The gameplay is freaking solid, multiplayer is fun as hell. Freedoom and Democracy will rule you everytime you play this game. And just from those two hours of gameplay I could tell that I'll be spending hundreds of hours on this game, mark my words.I really, really, REALLY fell in love with this game. I can't recommend it enough.Definitely buy it."
76561198044204694,Not Recommended,394510,28102170,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[OG]Arkin,"I don't consider myself an avid game-critic. In fact, so far as I can remember this is the first time I've actually posted a review about a game on Steam, or ever, for that matter.Let me start by saying this: Helldivers is a truly amazing game. Really. I love the concept, the mechanics, the story. The moment I saw it I knew I had to have it. It really knows how to set you in the right mood: The Starship-Troopers-Esc cinematic in the beginning already lets you know you're in for a great time. The story is both simple to grasp and yet somehow pseudo-subtle in its criticism. The gameplay - everything you could hope for: varied, team-oriented, with emphasis on strategic planning before and tactical thinking during missions. The world dynamically changes, so there is a lot of replay value, and you really feel invested in everything you do.So then why, despite all the aforementioned praise, am I not recommending the game? Well because in my honest opinion the game fails to deliver on one thing. It's one teeny-tiny little nibble of a problem, and yet one that for me managed to soil all the great things I think of this game: The camera.Now this may be a very insignificant peeve to rant about in an overly convoluted review, but it really astounded me how such a small detail, that has so much impact in ANY proper videogame, was somehow overlooked. To be clear to those who haven't played this game yet: The camera in the game is always centered to the middle of the group of players in the team. It doesn't sound that bad, but the problem is once people start spreading out, even marginally, the camera doesn't follow them around, and so they become blind to whatever is outside the edge of the screen. This is especially a problem, given that a core mechanic of gameplay is to eliminate patrols before they spot you (which you can't properly do, when you can't see them coming). It also virtually eliminates any effectiveness of setting up a perimeter and guarding several enemy approaches, since you end up just limiting everyone's field of view, and getting taken out by enemies you can't even see (and enemies DO show up from multiple directions). The simple solution seems to be to just stick very very close together, which I gathered was indeed the developer's intention, only friendly-fire is also a core mechanic of gameplay, and with people running around trying to stay out of harms way, and with mech-suits that can squash you if you get in their way, this also becomes counter-productive and tiresome.Now, I know this has been an ongoing debate on the PC-port's community, and I know many advocates of this ""feature"" argue that it was intended to encourage teamwork and prevent people from splintering off and going solo. I understand and completely agree this game was intended to be played in a team, and that it should be encouraged and enforced in the mechanics, but surely there are better ways to do so without handicapping a group of people who are trying to play tactically: If the goal is to prevent people from wandering off then by all means tether players together - prevent a group of people from straying too far away from each other physically. That's only my opinion, and one idea of how what I consider to be a major problem could be solved, but there are countless other options.To the developers: All I'm saying is that it warrants at least some consideration. In Magicka, which I own and adore, the fixed camera works because it focuses on a scene, rather than the players, and its zoomed out enough to allow for flexability. On Playstation the higher screen resolution and couch-play works and probably complements the standard mechanic better. Please consider the fact that, given the core game mechanics, the camera behavior is a jarring juxtaposition that more often than not works against the common player.Thank you for your time."
,Recommended,394510,28093728,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rocknack,"As a fan of Alien Swarm, I am delighted to tell you that this thing is vers similar. Only that it combines the elements that made said game so fun for me with elements known from Magicka. The numerous ways you can kill yourself or your friends on accident are hillarious. The dialogue is also very similar to Magicka (although there is way less story in Helldivers.) The setting is brilliant, it mixes Starship Troopers with (not very) subtle criticism of actual political events from 20-10 years ago. Also you can ride tanks with your buddies, mechs and order airstrikes for days. Boy this game is fun and I haven't even played 30h of it yet. One last thing: the playerbase seems very friendly so far (though it is small, admittedly.)"
76561198013162115,Recommended,394510,20532255,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,CannonSong,BURN THE HERETICKILL THE MUTANTPURGE THE UNCLEANGLORY TO THE GOD-EMPERO- er- SUPER EARTH
76561198006324445,Recommended,394510,19567102,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Davey K,"Despite what a lot of the negative reviews are saying, there's a bundled DLC option that gives you all the packs for a discount, which compared to the collector's edition is only about $5 USD more expensive. It's not very visible on the main page, you can find it by clicking on an individual piece of DLC and looking at the related items. I definitely don't think this game deserves negative reviews for having a slightly misleading Steam page (may not even be the devs fault, and they seem to be extremely passionate about this game).That aside, the game is an extremely fun coop twin stick shooter, reminiscent of Left4Dead and Alien Swarm. I've been playing with random people and I've been having as much fun as I've had with friends (even moreso sometimes). It's unforgiving in its difficulty and it's a pleasure to play. Finding the right load out and strategies for the different varieties of planets and missions is a real challenge. The netcode is rock solid (compared to the cluster♥♥♥♥ that Magicka online was), and the developers seem relatively active in patching and releasing new content (it's been out for a year on PSN and has had two major updates, plus the DLC).Having a bunch of the content locked behind DLC is a little concerning, but I've bought a few pieces and it doesn't seem to give me a huge advantage over the base content. They're pretty much sidegrades, and anyone who hasn't bought the DLC will have a great and competitive time regardless. The top review (at the moment) cites the tank as something you can't get without buying the DLC. It's true, but the tank is also remarkably useless compared to other strategies. I suppose if you really really want to drive a tank you're stuck for options, but it's by no means a pay to win scenario."
,Recommended,394510,19570205,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Inspector Jones,"LIBERTY FOR ALL!Helldivers is a frantic 4 player cooperative twin stick shooter that lets you and your friends play the role of space marines fighting against swarms of bugs, cyborgs, and robots. Every aspect of its design is polished and it feels very responsive; and this is important because Helldivers is a very punishing game but rarely does it frustate. More often then not death and failure occurs can always be avoided; but mistakes and oversights will result in scenarios that can be both hilarious and frustartingly tense. At the same time, with coordination and planning it's possible to pull off satisfying high strategy maneuvers that can pull your team out of a dire situation and win games. There is a lot of strategy in this game, especially if you're able to find a few friends to coordinate with.Even at the base price, there is a satisfying amount of equipment avaiable from weaspons, perks, and a selection of special utility items called stratagems that help specialise and differentiate your helldiver from the squad. strategems can range from defensive items like land mines to automatic turrets; offensive items like orbital stikes and missle barrages; and specialized equipment like jetpacks and vehicles. Futher more, a satisfying progression system allows weapons and stratagems to be further improved by spending research points on them.Presentation and theme goes along away to making this game's feel as well. Weapons and vehicles look and feel as powerful as you'd expect them to. Helldivers themselves are heavily stylised and will shout out corny one liners while they relentlesslytear through waves of bad guys without questioning their ordersspread the glorious concepts of freedom and democracy around the galaxy. It's a fun universe to play in, even if there's not much in the way of story here (It would just get in the way of freedom anyway).The only caveat is regarding the DLC. Just know that when choosing to buy the base game, you'll be missing out on some cool equipment. While none of it is really needed to enjoy the game; some of the tools and weapons provided are very useful. I'd personally reccomend going with the Digital Deluxe edition if you can afford to because it includes all the DLC. It's not listed on the store page as of this review there is a DLC pack that offers all the DLC for $25 as opposed to purchasing it all separately. This is the only thing that is questionable, but I think for the amount of content you get and the gameplay at hand, $40 is a fair price."
,Recommended,394510,20924546,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Khârn The Betrayer,"The best non-Starship troopers starship troopers game. See new worlds, meet new people, encounter exotic alien lifeforms and kill them with the most advanced arsenal humanity has to offer. Enlist today and spread democracy to the stars. I'm doing my part, are you?"
,Recommended,394510,23890300,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tharkas,"This game is what would happen if Starship Troopers, Warhammer 40k and StarCraft had a beautiful, democratic babyA must in any libraryAutumn sale 2016, game nominated for the ""Democracy"" unassigned category!"
,Recommended,394510,27632126,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cuddletauren,"Excellent co-op game. Some DLC is worth it, but just getting the base game, especially at 60% off is totally worth it. You can put so many hours into this game and never get bored."
76561198034570847,Recommended,394510,19665533,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Vilvis,Fantastic game! The only way this game could be better is if it was set in the Warhammer 40k universe.
,Recommended,394510,19574426,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dirty Laundry,"I've recently seen a lot of the reviews for this game go downhill because of the over-all cost of DLC. I came from the PS4 to the Steam version to immediately support the game because of how much I enjoyed the experience on the PS4. I've played it since launch. Furthermore, I've invested over a few hundred hours into the game as it was my ""go to unwinding"" experience from League of Legends and between business trips.The gameplay is simple, with very few complications. Most people will opt to use the laser until they're familiar with the scope and trajectory of their favored weapon. The only issues and gripes I have remain with the controls, which can sometimes feel lacking when trying to move fast enough to avoid damage and in turn you're severely punished for something you cannot control. The deadzone for joysticks is disgusting and should be revamped and patched eventually. It feels more natural to play with a PS4/XB1 controller, so I've opted out of the keyboard. Regardless of those small complaints, I've yet to feel they hinder my enjoyment of the game.Onto the subject of DLC: On the PS4, the group I casually played with, we were at the top of leadership boards. It wasn't difficult to achieve considering most of us only had time for this game during transmutes. I was traveling from state to state, so playing a few rounds of this was much easier.The misconception that people MAY have about the DLC is feeling that it provides an unfair advantage. That is completely and utterly wrong. The best weapons in the game aren't unlocked through DLC. And, in fact, function better than DLC weapons because of their linear playstyle.Here is what you would use: SG 225 - ""Breaker"". An automatic rifle with high range after fully upgraded and high damage output. It's very good for mob clearing and tackling objectives whwile collecting samples. This is the BEST starting gun. You'll replace it eventually and situationally with AR 20-L ""Justice"". The highest damaging rifle in the game, bar none.Perks (in order of best to okay): Strategem Priority (REALLY HUGE GAME MAKER HERE) / All Terrain / Precision Call In.I personally stuck with Strategem Priority because the refund rate was astronomous when it came to clutch moments in helldives. The other ones are situational.Strategem (in order of importance): UAV (FULLY UPGRADE IT FIRST) / AMMO (SECOND HUGE UPGRADE) / ML54X COMMANDO (OR ANY BAZOOKA) /  ANGEL (UPGRADED) /Once you've acquired the amount of Research Points you want from Samples, it's perfectly fine to swap out UAV for Vindictor Dive Bomb. Vindictor Dive Bomb is the most important upgrade to have but it's the LAST upgrade you want. Bazookas will get rid of pesky and annoying giant monsters, which typically you'd want to carry with you instead of having a pug. An alternative to allowing a pug to have this is great timing with Grenades and swapping it for Angel. Ammo is self explanitory. You'll run out fast.Upgrade order: UAV - > AMMO - > Bazooka -> Angel -> VindictorIf anyone has noticed, most of these items are NOT DLC ITEMS. That is the BEAUTY of it all. You can mix and match the Strategems but the most essential ones are provided without DLC. DLC is completely optional and will not ruin your enjoyment of the game if you forego it."
,Recommended,394510,26139430,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,LarvaLounge,"I don't know if Arrowhead are geniuses or they got lucky with this one, I haven't played their other games... but Helldivers is, in my opinion, a masterpiece.It's a game about situational awareness, quick thinking, and self control.  It can be brutally unforgiving, but also allow you to pull a win out of the messiest of situations, which can be very satisfying.  It's fun when you've got a very tight squad flawlessly executing missions, and it's fun when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan and everything starts going wrong.  With full friendly fire, and tremendously powerful tools at their disposal, Helldivers can be their own worst enemies.The graphics are excellent, and the animations superb, with great attention to details.  You see your character (and your squad mates) crouch down to type strategem codes into their computer.  You see them stop and open their map to find objectives or check on enemy locations.  All of these little details not only add to the great feel of the game, but also communicate what your squad mates are doing at all times.  The use of Strategem Codes is quite clever and tests your ability to think (and type) quickly under pressure.With 3 very different enemy forces to fight against, a nice variety of terrains, and a big toy box full of fun stuff, I keep coming back to this game, and expect I will continue to do so for a long time.The game isn't flawless, however.  There are some balance issues, for example:1. Certain weapons and Strategems are used far more than others because they are simply better at their job.  Still, there are plenty of viable choices so that you won't ever be pigeonholed into using 1 best loadout.2. Bosses give way too much 'Influence' toward the war effort, compared to normal missions.  This leads to some people 'gaming the system' in order to get on the leaderboards.  While ultimately the fault of players doing it, it's supported and even encouraged by the game due to this massive imbalance.  I don't care so much about the leaderboards, but it kinda undermines my sense of contribution to the war effort to see players gaining 10x as much influence per time spent playing as I can do by just playing the game normally.3. Retalliatory Strike missions are much more difficult than normal missions of the same level, and there is no way to bypass them.  This can make solo play frustrating when a planet that you could normally complete on your own, comes up with a Ret Strike mission which is much harder to do alone.  Also, I find Retalliatory Strike missions to be less fun than regular missions.4. As enemy factions are eliminated in the war, they become unavailable to fight against until the entire war is over.  When I first got the game, it was several weeks before I was able to fight against the Illuminate, and also unlock certain gear that only the Illuminate offer.  It's a part of the game though, and I hesitate to even mention it as a negative, but it was a little bit annoying when I was a new player.5. I'm not crazy about the individual DLC prices.  I bought the game bundled with all DLC, which was a fair deal and I don't regret it.  However, buying the DLC one at a time will get very expensive.None of these issues are enough to spoil the game for me... but I thought I ought to mention them.Also, while the Helldivers community isn'talwaysthe greatest, I've seen some reviews here stating that the community is completely toxic.  I do not agree.  When I'm not going solo, I find plenty of good natured folks to play with all the time.  There are, of course, jerks like you'll find in every online game.  And Helldivers has it's share of elitists.  I've been kicked from a game for 1 'accidental' (killing a team mate) that I really didn't think was my fault.  But these are the exceptions, not the rule, in my experience.A few tips for new players:1. Learn the 'Reinforce' code (the one that brings back fallen team mates) and practice it until you can input it without thinking.  You can call in Strategems even while downed... but beware, they will drop to the ground if you die before throwing them.  This can be abadthing... if it's an Air Strike you just dropped on your squad.  This can be agoodthing, if you are the last of your team to fall and you are holding 'Reinforce'.... it will drop when you die and you will 'Reinforce'yourselfas well as your fallen squad-mates.2. If you buy only one DLC, get the Terrain Specialist pack.  The All-Terrain Boots are pretty much mandatory for Snow Planets if you are joining multiplayer games with strangers.  Youcando Snow Planets fine without them, especially if you use the jump pack, mechs or vehicles... but do not be shocked when you get kicked from a multiplayer game for showing up to a Snow Planet without the proper footware. (I won't kick you, but some people will)Personally, I bought the DLC Bundle with everything and I don't regret it, even though there are things in there that I never use now (there's a motorcycle?!?!).  I went through the list and by my count, 9 of the 14 DLCs have very good and useful items that regularly find their way into my loadouts.  If I had bought only those 9 piecemeal, it would have cost more than the Bundle.  I do like to mix things up, so you may find fewer useful items than I did, but then you probably won't know until you try them.3. Use your map frequently, to stay aware of enemy patrols even before they come on screen.  Against Cyborgs, thesmallerred dots are IFVs (tanks).  I only just learned this myself a few days ago.4. Don't fight what you don't need to.  If the objective is completed, move on.  There is no point staying to kill enemies, unless those enemies can keep up with the party (most won't be able to) or you happen to have a ""Kill X number of enemies"" objective on that mission.  There is no reward for killing enemies, unless it's an objective of the mission.5. Be aware of how the camera works.  All players in the game share the same screen.  The further you move away from your team, the more you limit everyone's view of their surroundings.  When you aim down sights away from the party, you further pull the screen in the direction you aim.  It's best to stay close together when possible, so everyone has a clear view of their surroundings, to spot those scouts and eliminate them before they can sound the alarm.I can't really take credit for all of these tips.  I'm sure I read at least some of them from other fans of the game... but I feel these are the most important things to know, going in.Helldivers is one of my all time favorite games.  I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I do."
,Recommended,394510,19540711,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Heliborne,>Teammate calls in reinforcements to revive me>Pod kills him>I laugh and call in reinforcements to revive him>Pod kills meNot a bad game.
,Recommended,394510,19596064,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,¿PROBLEM?,"Magicka, Diablo and Starship Troopers made this beautiful baby.Worth every penny and then some!"
76561198055928802,Recommended,394510,28969597,Posted: 3 January,all,allons-y mon chérie,Nothing is hotter than a cup of Liber-Tea.
76561198267653674,Recommended,394510,33113506,Posted: 1 July,all,tharrios,"Im really sad it took my this long to find out this game existed. Fun, action packed and stressful at times. With a good team and teamwork you can dominate.10/10 Got an achievement for doing 25 cape spins in the ship."
,Recommended,394510,30397448,Posted: 8 March,all,[EH/BW] Cy-Fox,"Your basic arachnid warrior isn't too smart, but you can blow off a limb and it's still 86% combat effective. Here's a tip: aim for the nerve stem, and put it down for good.Would you like to know more?"
76561198021778656,Recommended,394510,19765552,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,KungFuFingers,"when youre paired up with some guy with a headset who just has to be an absolute jackhole,you can oh so satisfyingly obliterate him/her with a shotgunStress relief like no other 100/10"
76561197970779265,Recommended,394510,23828091,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JaegerBane,"I've just 100%'d this game, and since the Steam Sale is on and it's on sale, I figured it was time to write a review. Given it's my most played game on Steam with 100+ hours.So, basically, a group of mad swedes got tired of blowing up turkeys in dungeons in their previous game (Gauntlet), and  decided to make a title about what would happen if Donald Trump took over the Earth and created a new world order dedicated to bringing freedom to the galaxy. Ever watched Starship Troopers? Ever read Starship Troopers? It's sort of a mix of that, but on a twin-stick shooter that emphasises team work and trains you to take Friendly Fire seriously.Gameplay is essentially drop onto a planet, accomplish objectives (which range from escort civilians up to blow up AA batteries), and GTFO. Sounds simple? It is. But it's done with so much panache and style that you can't help keep playing - case in point being my play time. Despite being a PS4 port, it controls perfectly with M+K and the engine used outputs graphics that look crisp and detailed, with hilariously cheesy (but effective) music. It can be played single player or co-op with up to 3 other players, and shifting between is seamless and slick. This game is the work of some exceptionally talented devs.While it has no story to speak of, where it excels is pretty much everywhere else. You have three opponent factions - the not-Zerg (Bugs), the not-Borg (Cyborgs) and the not-Protoss (Illuminate). Each faction approaches combat differently and they're all fairly satisfying to fight - you rarely get sick of fighting in this game as if any faction bores you, you have two totally different ones to face. Weapons and kit - particularly with the Deluxe edition with all the DLCs - are *amazingly* varied. The list runs basic machine guns and lasers all the way to toxic sludge throwers, nukes, mechs, drones and a host of things besides, you won't easily get bored.This game rocks. Get it. If you don't it means you hate freedom and are possibly a communist."
76561198285527601,Recommended,394510,32810548,Posted: 26 June,all,2spooky4me,"Helldivers is a great game that is best experinced in co-op. The game is rewarding and makes you determined to completed objectives for extra experience and adds to the tension when you also have waves of enemies rushing towards you. The multiplayer is well implamented as you must be carefull not to shoot, melee or crush your team mates, although you can always bring them back into the fight and redeem yourself. The weapon and stratagem upgrade system is well done as different buffs cost more research points than others and requires you to work hard for them. Helldivers is an amazing game and deserves much more attention from steam users as it is (in my point of view) a fun and original concept."
,Recommended,394510,23034432,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Nex,"Helldivers is a fun game from the makers of Magicka. It is similar to Alien Swarm, but it has randomly generated maps and more humor. Missions are short but get longer as difficulty increases, and there are clear moments of low and high tension which keep the game interesting. At the end of each mission is a 2 minute extraction sequence kind of like the equivalent of a Left 4 Dead finale.Each planet has a pattern of patrols crossing through it with some randomness. If a patrol spots you, you have a couple of seconds to kill it before it sounds an alarm and summons stronger enemies. It is technically possible to get through a mission without sounding any alarms, but I haven't done it yet.Like Magicka, human players are  very powerful, with each player bringing 4 ""stratagems"" to each mission. A stratagem can be airdropping ammo supplies or it can be calling in an airstrike, or almost anything inbetween. I personally enjoy bringing a Guard Dog drone, which flies around and shoots at enemies (it has a quick reaction time, which helps me against the patrols). in addition to the 4 chosen strategems, each player gets a reinforce stratagem that resurrects dead players and any mission-specific stratagems like a metal detector for sniffing out mines. Because of the resurrection stratagem, death in Helldivers is not a big deal, and most of the time a player is not out of the game for very long. Also like Magicka, a mission is failed if all 4 players die without calling for reinforcements, however.Two key differences between Magicka and Helldivers are:1) In Helldivers, it is relatively easy to know when and where your attack is  going to hit. Killing friendlies is easily avoided most of the time, and few of the attacks are going to wipe the party. This allows for more consistent, less annoying gameplay, imo.2) The writing of Helldivers has a theme with a bit of a smaller scope (making fun of Starship Troopers, mostly) but there are less references to internet memes.I consider both of these differences to be, on the whole, positive.Missions are randomly generated and each completed mission adds to the Community Influence in the galactic campaign, which is an aggregate function of all Helldivers' efforts in the war. As players spread managed democracy across the galaxy, they approach the home planets of 3 alien races: the Illuminates, Bugs, and Cyborgs. Each faction has its own sector of the galaxy, and the playerbase as a whole must balance their efforts to make sure that none of these factions gets too close to SuperEarth by completing missions in each respective sector.There isn't a ton of plot, but there is some lore to read up on if you're into that sort of thing, and the Helldivers occasionally spit out gems like ""Say 'hello' to Democracy!"" while blowing up a planet with orbital strikes or stomping on things in a Mech resembling the Dreadnoughts of Warhammer 40k. You also unlock cosmetic customization options as you progress through the leveling system, and some of them look pretty nifty. Your cape is the most important item in the game, as it will flow magnificently behind you as you twirl in place.Occasionally there are connection issues. A friend of mine seemed to be disconnected from the game any time we failed a mission. Other players have reported black screens. Once I saw, through a screenshot of someone else's game, an objective spawn outside of the bounds of the map. Personally i haven't experienced any issues other than seeing my friend disconnect, and I consider the game to be pretty playable in its current state (5/17/2016).If I have a major complaint it is that the game forces all players to share a screen. This is the era of internet play and I don't need that nonsense. I have died a few times because I got stuck around an objective off screen and couldn't see. It isn't a huge deal in terms of enjoying the game, it's just an archaic design decision that gets in the way for players who are not playing local coop.9/10 - shows improvement from the studio and fills the dark void left by Alien Swarm."
76561198056163631,Recommended,394510,25538141,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,olcon,"Got dropped into a pit of Tyranid xenos filth, slaughtered hundreds of them with the two twin 20mm cannons of a mech I called down Titanfall style, prepped for evac, ran out of ammo for the mech, got out, started firing my backup machine gun from the waist like ♥♥♥♥ing Rambo, cape fluttering in the breeze, while shouting things such as ""Say hello to DEMOCRACY!"", ""Freedom NEVER sleeps!"" and ""How about a cup of LIBER-TEA!"" all to gung-ho badass music booming in the background.Having this game in my library has made me a better human being.Final rating: SPACE AMERICA/10"
,Recommended,394510,19688237,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,[CPC] Froh,"A masterpiece in coop, less good in solo.Helldivers should bring democracy to the whole world.+ Hard but not ""roguelike""-hard. It's easy to die, and sometimes, kinda funny.+ Clever gameplay mechanics brings a lot of customization and strategies. And the combos of the differents planets + races reinforces the thinking needed for your loadouts.+ There's a lot of stuff to unlock, and a lot of things to master.+ Very Arcade feely+ Mechs... Mechs everywhere...- Music becomes repetitive kinda fast, even if it's a good one- There's a good universe but not much story- Leveling/Getting science points can become grindy after a whileCommunity is actually rather fine, and I met a lot of people who didn't troll the game at all.One of the best surprise in the end of the 2015 year. I didn't even know it existed on PS4 before.Let's hope the devs will continue to add content, now that it is on PC."
,Recommended,394510,19862308,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kobra Kommander,"Everybody fights, nobody quits. If you don't do your job I'll kill you myself. Welcome to the Helldivers!"
,Recommended,394510,19489404,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,labuchness093,"This is review is on point (I have played the game for 100 hours + on the PS3, I am a lvl 27 helldiver). THIS GAME IS AMAZING! A 9/10 easily. Lets start with graphics and sound. Both the graphics and sound are flawless. The aliens sound and look like aliens should for their particular race. The explosions/dust particles/weapons fire/environments/planets themselves and all other aspects involving graphics and sound are fantastic. I have ZERO complaints about that!Now, lets talk about the gameplay. The gameplay mechanics are for, without a doubt, hardcore coop players. If you are not a team player, you will find it difficult to make it through the game alone (but it can be done). Friendly fire is 100% and can NOT be turned off, the game was designed this way for intense fights and epic battles where you and your team have nothing but coordination and cooperation to survive the mission. THIS GAME IS NOT EASY! Enemies are endless and will constantly spawn. You do not get xp for kills. You will find a large learning curve when you first start out. However, you will enjoy it as you can't help to admire the beauty as your entire team struggles to make it out of certain, impossible situations alive. My one complaint about the game is the strategems. Strategems are how helldivers call in equipment/bombing runs/defensive structures/ect from space. These take time to arrive (some are faster than others) and you WILL ABSOLUTELY USE THESE! ALL OF THE STRATEGEMS ARE AWESOME! However, my complaint rests with certain strategems eventually becoming useless or out of date. Do not let this discourage you though. That is just my opinion. EVERYONE will find a strategem they feel is pointless but other players will use quite often because everyone is different in how they play the game. It is important to know you need to pick your strategems based around the objectives and what your team is choosing to use. Another mechanic that is worth discussing is the weapon stats and description. THERE IS NO SUPERIOR WEAPON IN THIS GAME! WHICH IS AMAZING! Every weapon has its pros and its cons and the statistics on the each weapon are to the letter. If a gun has low stability but heavy power, it will perform as such. If the gun has high rate of fire but long reload time, it shows in the game. This mechanic is very well done and worth highlighting as other games have weapon statistics but sometimes the weapons all the feel the same (a good example is *cough* EA battlefront *cough*).Now lets talk about story (my only real complaint): There is very little story.... AH WHO AM I FOOLING! THERE IS STORY!!! You are helldiver spreading democracy and FREEDOM! AND LIBERTEA!!! but thats about it. But in reality, that is all you need. The missions you go on with your best friends and how you survived a near death experience will create stories. Those are the best kind of stories in my opinion. I enjoyed discussing over chat on how we were completely surrounded without our backs to backs and we still made it out by the skin on our teeth.In summary: this game is fantastic, buy it and get your friends to buy it. I RECOMMEND IT 100%!Good luck recruits and to the veterans of PS3 transferring to PC, I""LL SEE YOU ON THE FIELD FOR FREEDOM!!"
76561197984090964,Recommended,394510,28604362,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lawman,Magicka with guns.This game is awesome.  It's the game that should've been made following Starship Troopers
76561197986357134,Recommended,394510,19568344,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mr.Coffee,Imperial guards simulator 2015
,Recommended,394510,19547718,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,psybreeze,"If you think you know every curse word from the dictionary and more, just enable voice chat and drop an APC on your teammates. Next, grab a pen and piece of paper, because you are about to learn all the words missing from your collection."
76561197997900000,Recommended,394510,30307351,Posted: 3 March,all,chase1018,This is my go-to game if I want a quick n dirty shoot fest (used to be battlefield 2 for the longest time). I love the 'magicka' type power-ups (called strategems in game) and the ability to just leave and find another group if your current run is abusive/ill-mannered/poorly executed.I'd really like to see this turned in to a Dawn of War type game - add a couple ship wrecks and some genestealers and your good to go!
,Recommended,394510,19544176,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MajinBoolin,What Happens if you mix StarShip Troopers + Magicka = Good Times 10/10
,Recommended,394510,23984213,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Murk,I love almost everything about this game except for the fact there is no 4-pack on the Store Page.
,Recommended,394510,21898191,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Ophelia☆,Say Hello to Democracy!
76561198042145666,Recommended,394510,19550820,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Tigurius,"Great coop game, way deeper than it looks like. Tons of fun with a squad of friends, though very playable with pubs if you don't mind getting shot in the back a lot.PC port from PS4 with all the expansion included for free, I only wish they included the already released DLC for free rather than sell it like they do on PS4, but eh. Can't be perfect.Still a no brainer since it's pretty much the only game in its genre (tactical squad focused twin stick shooter)."
,Recommended,394510,23438144,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Skampus,"This game is amazing with friends. It's a hardcore (very hardcore) twin stick co-op shooter that pits you in space against hordes of enemies on deadly planets. Thus the name Helldivers. If you got friends that will play and the ability to withstand heavy grinding like mmo's, then buy it. If not, you might wanna look elsewhere."
76561198017663146,Recommended,394510,19493393,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"For liber-tea!!A properly enjoyable twin stick shooter. With tons of friendly fire mayhem.Easy to pick up and play.Its my most played game on PS4 for a reason. Buy it!!(Also, 2-ish FAQS I might as well throw in here:""Can I play it solo?"" Yes, you can. You can do all content solo and/or offline, but its more fun with others - usually!!""Do I need the DLC/is it OP etc"". No, the DLC is not overpowered. The items cannot be unlocked via gameplay. They dont render base items worthless. You wont be left behind/out if you dont have them. They are variation focused and a whole lotta fun XD Yes they are worth it. Bundled is cheapest."
76561198059647604,Recommended,394510,28655275,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,⎛ζ͜͡Steveanderly⎞,Been killed more times by my friend than the enemy...Keep your friends at a safe distance and your enemys closer!10/10
,Recommended,394510,24585992,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The Littlest Snowflake,Amazing game and great community! A definite buy.
76561198017561364,Recommended,394510,19837463,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,"starship troppers spec ops with mechs, tanks and a ton of other stuffbloody amazing"
76561197992001686,Recommended,394510,28775360,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Piasharn,"It's like Warhammer 40k, Starship Troopers, and Magicka had a baby, and it was as horrible, beautiful, and tragic as you might imagine.Best played with friends. You will accidently kill them. A lot. In hilarious ways. Maybe not always accidently.The online community is largely pretty cool too. I've been able to plan loadouts with random people so we could more efficiently tackle higher difficulties.If you have a sense of humor, and you like shooting things, you will probably like this game."
76561197989161915,Recommended,394510,19590697,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Emilio64,"Very very good game  17/20good points:- cooperation local or internet or both!-very simple to play, its for everybody- very funny to shoot ennemies with stratagemes and actives it- very funny difficulties, we must try and try again sometimes and be togetherbad points:- no lot of weapons- sometimes play with stranger people is bad but we can meet good players- solo , very bad no interessting to play alone- no much planets- to much repetitivBut very good game to play with a friend or other people il like it very mucha kind of game like that with the world of Halo and they can make a very good gamesorry for my englishEnjoy"
,Recommended,394510,19576654,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,silentw,"Did you like Starship Troopers (the movie or book)? Did you ever Want To Know More about how YOU can fight BUG MENACE?Good news! Now YOU TOO CAN JOIN THE FIGHT! Fight for SUPER EARTH and vanquish the ALIEN MENACES that stand in the way of DEMOCRACY! Enlistment Guarantees Citizenship!Use HUGELY OVER-POWERED ORBITAL-DROPPED WEAPONS to splatter Bugs, scrap Cyborgs, and turn the lights out on the Illuminate! Fight with your friends! Fight your friends! ""Accidentally"" kill your friends with GROSS NEGLIGENCE!Drive tanks, robots, motorbikes, and more! Burn enemies to death or COMMIT WAR-CRIMES with the toxin thrower and Railgun Strike!Remember! SUPER EARTH is counting on YOU!... and the several million other Helldivers that we've thrown into this warzone with 60 seconds of training and a head full of propaganda..."
,Recommended,394510,31930797,Posted: 24 May,all,ChiggenBifi ☁,"This game is a 3rd-person shooter (in its way). You have to aim at the enemy, you´re gonna die very much, especially in your early hours of this game, but it is very rewarding when you eliminate houndrets of enemies later on, without dying. I would especially recommend this with friends, but i also would´nt becouse the community is AMAZING. I have quite a few hours in this game after i played it on PS, where it is originally from. I have encountered either people that just dont say anything, or that are friendly, thanks to it costing money so not everyone who doesn´t care at all can flood this community.The sounds are amazing, the voicechat helps you communicate eazily with your teammates but it is not necessary as you have 4 easy accessable commands that help to express what you want to do eazily and are translated to each persons language. One more special thing about this game is that you´re able to write in a chat, that is clearly visible and eazy to read becouse you can scale the size of the screen in the menu as you desire.In conclusion i would recommend this game to everyone who wants to have some fun in videogames, becouse this really is very fun. The gameplay is very smooth, the actions you see on your screen by yourself are always correctly executed. the ONLY thing that i have to criticise a little bit on this game is that the missions and planets get repetitive over time, especially if you play in one difficulty over extended periods of time. This is a cost for the smooth gameplay, awesome graphics and a friendly community i´m willing to take, you too?"
,Recommended,394510,22230004,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,[|WRATH|],Knock knock!Who's there?DEMOCRACY!10/10
76561198125574711,Recommended,394510,19642010,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FireBat,"I love the game. fun how you can just join someone at anytime.Why I like it: you can call in air strikes, a H.U.G.E. and even a turret. If you ask me this game is amazing."
,Recommended,394510,20015646,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fart of Presto,"An adrenaline-fueled, absolutely kick♥♥♥♥♥co-op shooter!"
,Recommended,394510,19679747,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,S'AraisVanu,Basically magicka if it was W40k.
,Recommended,394510,31773656,Posted: 15 May,all,ShortAge,"Amazing game. They only IP Arrowhead should be proud of, and never abandon.But they did for no apparent reason. The concept is endless.Buy it with DLC to enjoy it to the maximum."
,Recommended,394510,29304362,Posted: 16 January,all,Lars,"Superbly entertaining online co-op game for up to four players from the developers of Magicka.  Also lets you play local co-op in online sessions with other people, something seen far too rarely.Feel like complete bad asses with your friends when you perfectly execute challenging, procedurally generated missions.Make mortal enemies of your friends when you stab them, grenade them, get them killed with your turrets or drive over them with your tank/bike/walking robot thingies, thanks to Helldivers' full friendly fire.Stuff that's not so hot about the game include a vast amount of gear locked behind paid DLC, some of which is arguably necessary for tackling the highest difficulties.Much like Magicka, this game's probably a rather lonely and sad experience if you want to play it singleplayer.Also if you're a graphics afficionado who demands your €2000 PC get a full work out running your games, this is not the game for that.  It wouldn't hurt to have some options for higher resolution textures and quality lighting and such.  (You rarely have time to stop and really reflect upon this between the battles, though)"
76561197962101917,Recommended,394510,19796687,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Schteampirate,"(TL, DR at bottom, no spoilers)This is THE best game I've played in long time. It's unforgiving and the co-op is SOLID.12 levels of difficulty that suits people who either have never even touched a computer and those who likes to constantly suffer for 2 hours, and still not complete the mission. Even on higher difficulty the game never gets boring if you got 3 good team mates to play with, which you will find regularly even when joining random games.I'm not gonna lie though. You WILL die. Hilariously often even. And mostly of stupid mistakes too! Or because drop pods sometimes seems to home in on friendlies.So all in all, this game fits everyone who enjoys a nice community, lots of unlocks, stupid deaths, solid and thought through co-op gameplay, Starship Troopers, occasional mutilation by drop-pod and soulsucking defeat for a single mistake. <3TL, DR:You will get killed by friendly drop pods. EVERY. GAME. 10/10 would play again though."
,Recommended,394510,24668978,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ArcticPenguin,Best w/ Friends. Good Game overall.
76561198015025950,Recommended,394510,31547418,Posted: 4 May,all,Kash,"I love this game. No other way to put it. I wasn't even into twin stick shooters but Helldivers is easily one my top games ever. Right now I can't think of many games I had this much fun in.I'll give you my short version of what I think of it:It's like I'm a kid again and all my favourite toys came alive in an epic battle. Tanks, bad♥♥♥♥♥machine guns, RPG's, C4, flamethrowers. You just call them in from space by punching a code in and BOOM you got a new bad♥♥♥♥♥toy to spread some democracy with.  Very easy game to get into, with lots of room to get better at it.I'm 99% sure the game is being sarcastic but whenever you get a few kils your hero yells: How about a nice cup of LIBERRRRRRTY.I thank whatever force controlls the universe for the existence of this game."
,Recommended,394510,33781540,Posted: 25 July,all,✪ H1tScAn_LΣO9999 ✪,"HELLDIVERS is a top down shooter. It has been meant for the PS4 but then came on PC.Set in a future where earth is a big alliance, under control of a managed democracy, this game already promises well. So let's see thePROS+Great backstory. I won't spoil it to you.+Intuitive controls, and original support call system: You can call for resupplies and fire support using a peculiar key combination system, like cheats in GTA.+Well-made weapons: There are quite a few weapons, and they all have their pros and cons, sometimes you are forced to change weapons because your current weapon isn't suited for the mission.+Teamwork. A lot of it. The game offers quite a few ways to put your team to good use. From choosing complementary equipment, tanks, and assist-reloading heavy weapons, teammates are invaluable. Best played with 3 friends.+Unforgiving friendly fire: Yep. There's friendly fire. And a lot of it. Your teammates are squishy, and so are you. See that giant heavy caliber rifle in your hands? It oneshots enemies. And so does to teammates.+Good unlock and progression system.+Democracy is lifeBut, not everything is good in HELLDIVERS. There are a fewCONS-Too many DLCs. I get that the devs need money, but there are way too many, and adding stuff that is REQUIRED in some cases. Plus, the DLC equipment is all available from start and is not to be unlocked.-A few bugs. There are few of them, but this few can easily be gamebreaking. Although rare, a bug could end your mission.-Stealth could've been better: Having a suppressed weapon won't change anything, you can't go stealth.--Verdict--HELLDIVERS is a nice game, and strangely doesn't suffer from the port from console to PC. It will deliver a lot of fun with friends, and it will make you swear a lot. The pricetag is quite high and difficult to justify, because of the so many DLCs and the age of the game. If you want to buy, i suggest you get the digital deluxe to fully enjoy it, and buy it from external sites at a lessened price."
76561198129402969,Recommended,394510,20924554,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,N-Word Oliver,"This game emptied my bowels many times, and had me crying even more.We tried one mission seven times and died each time, it was the hardest thing I ever had to doWe finished it an hour later, cheering and celebration,and then........it was on the games version of medium♥♥♥♥ ME"
,Recommended,394510,19492425,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,JiNiJa,"probably the best game i played here on steam.i've never seen any other co-op game with co-op mechanics as effective as Helldivers. teamwork really is key in this game.lots of features to encourage teamwork - you help a downed ally get up, resurrect them from death, provide them with ammos, gears, mounts, and more. enemies swarm you from all directions so you better back them up or die.there are no personal achievements at the end of the game and xp/loots (for research points) are shared so that players can only focus on teamwork.there's also Arrowhead's trademark permanent friendly fire to spice things up and adding more fun to the game.levels are procedurally generated so replayability is not a problem. lots of weapons/gears/skills available to fully create a distinction between your character and the others. controls on both kb/m and xbox controller are fantasic showing that Arrowhead/Playstation did not rush bringing this game to PC.need i say more?!again this game is probably the best game i've played here on steam. it's so good i already pre-ordered Helldivers 2 and 3.FOR DEMOCRACY, FOR FREEDOM.████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████────███──────█████████████████████─────███───────███████████████████───██████───────████████████████████████───██───────███████████████████────────█──────█████████████████───────────█──────███████████████─────────────█─────█────██████████──────────────█────██────██████████─────────────██────█──────█████████────────────██─────█─────██████████──────────███──────█─────█████████───────██████──────██─────██─██████───────██████──────█─────██───█████────────█████─────██─────██───█████──────────███─────██─────█────█████───────────██──████─────██───██████────────────██──███─────██───██████─────────────██████─────█────███████────────────██████─────█────████████────────────██████───██────█████████───────────█──████████───██████████───────────────███─█████████████████───────────────────█████████████████─────────────────────███████████████────────────────────███████████████───────────────────█████████████████─────────────────██████████████████────────────────███████████████████──────────────█████████████████████─────────────██████████████████████─────────────██████████████████████─────────────██████████████████████─────────────██████████████████████─────────────██████████████████████─────────────██████████████████████─────────────██████████████████████─────────────████████████"
76561198010520494,Recommended,394510,19544238,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mr Pumba,"Hello folks.So anyhow I will try to be as short as possible.This game is very good, the graphics are amazing and I have not found any form of performance issues, Except that you should not run this game in original fullscreen. Go with borderless or windowed or it will complain about drivers and want to revert your colour scheme to W 7 Basic.So the game runs flawlessly and now I will head over to gameplay.The gameplay is fun, challenging and really gives that panicking feel when you are the only one left and a swarm is chasing you down in the deep snow.  The game gives you alot of varietys when it comes to equipment and you do not unlock all of if too fast.I have 4 hours played so far, so not much but I'm lvl 10 and I'm loving every second.  It's not hard to play with others either as the multiplayer is fast connecting and east to find games.The only thing I might point out that will bother ppl after the first 10-20 hours hype is the mission system. It is really excellent, but it's risking of getting repetetive is there. But I have not made it that far yet =)Edit: I've always loved games like Alien Swarm and such and if you ever played/play that game. (It's free) Then I will say that this game is even better, similar but better. it may not have such a developed story, but still it's not even close to as streamlined and you have to work together to a very good extent if you want to survive in the higher dificulties.So far the number of accidentals that I see is sky high. Ppl just panick when 4 behemoths are storming your extract location ^^Easy 9/10 on this game.EDIT 2: 20 hours: Still in love with this game and I'm looking forward to many more hours spent. If I where you I would make sure to either find some friend in the game or bring your olds ones. That will ensure you have alot of fun. Game is still good in alone, and even possible as a single player.What ever you do get the Digital Deluxe if you buy this game, it gives you all the dlcs. The price difference is 10 euroes from normal to digital deluxe, and all dlc cost ALOT more then that.Also it gives you a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of new toys to play with. This is a very good game."
,Not Recommended,394510,22130700,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lowtax,"Initially I did not enjoy this game because it was very monotonous and grindy.  Then I enjoyed the game for a brief period of time, shortly before I stopped enjoying it because I had somehow forgotten it was very monotonous and grindy.  I do not know why I failed to remember that.  Perhaps a wizard put a spell on me.  There are approximately 3 different missions in this game which you will repeat over and over and over:1) Fix a dumb computer which is located in the middle of a hostile alien planet for reasons unknown2) Pick up somebody's luggage and carry it to a hut because space luggage is very important and needs to be in its space hut3) Kill thingsOh also there's escort missions where you guide a pack of slow, dim-witted morons across the map and watch them get killed halfway to your destination because instead of having brains, god installed putty in their heads.  The only good part of the game is when you call in equipment from your spaceship and it lands on your teammate and they send you mean chat messages in whatever weird foreign alien language they speak.  Also there are capes.REVIEW SCORE: 2 out of all the numbers"
,Recommended,394510,19725589,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MittenMarauder,"Exterminate hostile beings to defend peaceful Super Earth.Would you like to know more?- Lots of kit options means there are plenty of variety in playstyles.- Co-op provides lots of entertainment, both from ""accidental"" deaths and smashing enemies.- Infinite enemies means that no matter how many things you kill, there's always more coming.- War in different sectors provides incentives to cooperate, while making the game feel more ""alive"".- Plenty of tools to deal with those that can't play nicely, while commending those that do.Would you like to know more?- Some of the earlier missions can be repetitive, but that can be avoided by going to harder difficulties.- There might be a few that get offended at the satire, but then they should learn to take a joke.- Getting yourself killed is relatively easy, so might frustrate some players.Would you like to know more?Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone that wants a strong co-op experience, but not have to feel like they need to invest a lot of hours into a group to achieve anything. This is definitely a good pickup and play type game, while not tying you down for too long as most missions can be relatively short."
,Recommended,394510,21403818,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cryp710n,"Feels like Diablo with guns, i love it!"
76561198256643545,Recommended,394510,24617691,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,EKTWR,"For me the best co-op game out there, Helldivers it's fun anytime."
,Recommended,394510,30405801,Posted: 9 March,all,{TGC}Fr33,If you want to feel like a starship trooper then buy this now played a solid 2hour no break and it brings the one more game into play
,Recommended,394510,34839646,Posted: 9 September,all,EmP,"It was a desert planet, I think. I don’t recall being slowed down by untouched snow drifts, nor being routinely boiled alive by the gushing magma that volcano worlds like to troll you with, but the actual planet-type itself escapes me. We were there to capture it, and while we certainly weren't attempting that feat on the hardest of the twelve mission difficulty settings available, it was up there in challenge. There were three of us; I’m certain of that much. There were just the two of us at the start of the first mission, but a third jumped in mid-way through and, while we were nothing special, we were competent. We dragged each other through that first invasion with just a few hairy moments and a narrow escape when we finally completed all our objectives, suffering the most when forced to hold ground until a dropship arrived to evacuate us. But we dug in, weathered the last of the storm and then unashamedly ran like frightened girls toward the ship when it finally arrived. Two of us actually made it.Mission one of three down, we ploughed on. Completing a full set of missions isn’t obligatory, but you soldier on for the prize at the end, be it a fancy new weapon or a fat experience boost. This time, our war was waged against the bug army. There are three distinct enemy races in HellDivers, but the bugs are by far the best. There’s nothing wrong with the robot or cyborg forces, both of which wield superior tech the giant insects don’t possess. Robots teleport in and cyborgs drop from the sky, but bugs come at you from under the ground, burrowing in from anywhere. Should one of their scouts spot you, you’re flooded with snapping claws, acid spit and near-unbreakable carapaces. One second you’re alone with nothing but the swirling sands for company. The next you’re, well... not. It doesn’t take very long at all for a screen to fill with homicidal bugs.But we were making good pace, confident enough to leave the beaten track to try to hunt down hidden specimens that are used to slowly upgrade you Diver’s arsenal of weapons. We reactivated SAM sites and held off the herd that appeared to destroy it; we nuked insect nests and liberated strategically important sites. Our resource use was slim and slow, saving the big weapons for the eventual end when we called down that shuttle and the entire planet would turn up to try and stop us. But we were all good. Then the fourth character fell from orbit, and everything went to hell.The new arrival was ten or so levels behind the current team’s average, but that’s usually okay; a decent team can often carry a rookie through harder planets that their default, unleveled equipment shouldn’t allow them to endure. The three of us were battle hardened; our chosen pulse beam rifles, sub machine guns and shotguns all fully researched to their most powerful apex. Even if our new member did minimal damage, it’s better than none at all, right? At worst, it would be a boon to have a new person ordering equipment from the ships in orbit above us. Even if they chipped in now and then with the odd ammo refill or a revive when one us fell, it would make for a better team.In theory, anyway. Dear, sweet, elusive theory...Full Review //http://www.honestgamers.com/13523/pc/helldivers/review.html"
,Recommended,394510,19818134,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[LLJK]Lobsterboy,Get 3 of your friends and play the hell out of this game.
,Recommended,394510,19570395,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Morningwood,"Great game.  Very challenging. Nice progression (you get new weapons as you go, new perks/abilities for you weapons as you go, new abilities for you character you utilize, you get new perks that you unlock (can use one perk .. so choose wisely)Multiplayer is smooth.  With friends easy to find and hook up with from you Steam friends list.  Also if you want to PUG then there is a nice list of persons with public groups to load into and play with.And the overall game is made up in a way that EVERYONE is fighting for the human race .. SUPER EARTH .. vs the computer.  Each mission that you do adds to the score of the human race to try and beat the other three computer factions.  There are many levels of difficulty.  The easy missions give you easy and low exp and the hard ones are hard and you gain more exp.  Leveling up opens SKINS .. PERKS .. ETC.  Many things to upgrade in this game.Mouse and Keyboard is easy enough to manage and there are key bindings you can mess with.  Its obviously made for a twin stick .. but with good communication with your friends you can succeed.Good music .. clean graphix (like starcraft) .. lots of progression and upgrades .. really fun game (especially with friends)10/10"
,Recommended,394510,19538387,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,KT_Extinction,"HELLDIVERS™ is an amazing experience. Essentially Starship Troopers: The Game, this is a well polished, balanced, and ultimately just plain satisfying experience. Twin stick shooters have been popular since, like forever. There's something elegant and pleasant about the simplicity of the controls, and everyone loves mowing down tons of bad guys while moving through an environment at a leisurely, god like viewpoint in the sky. However, the simplicity of the gameplay belies a really deep experience within HELLDIVERS™. You play as a faceless Orbital Drop Shock Trooper fighting a bloody war against many extraterristrial foes for an ultra nationalist, almost fascist like government of SUPER EARTH. For Liberty, Freedom, and Democracy! The world building is delightfully light-hearted and comical, despite the somewhat desperate backdrop. It creates a setting that anyone who enjoyed Starship Troopers will feel right at home in.Originally a PS3/PS4/PS Vita title, the port runs fantastic, however this isn't really surprising considering the somewhat pedestrian graphics. The game looks good, but nothing amazingly beautiful pops out. The firing/ weapon effects are something to be commended; the landscape lights up with pretty volleys of bright, fiery torrents of bullets while you shoot various weapons. There are plenty of cosmetic customization options for your soldier, unlockable through gameplay. The deep gameplay I previously mentioned comes through the nonstandard interpretation of what most twin stick shooters are composed of. Ammunition is relatively rare, and you can't religiously reload after only firing a few shots because your soldier will discard the entire magazine, forever losing the rest of the ammo. Friendly Fire is ALWAYS on, and it doesn't only pertain to gunshots and grenades either. Calling in helpful equipment slams crates falling from space into the ground, but if you happen to be under the landing zone you will get squished immediately. The sweet dreadnaught-like mechs that you can drive will crush your teamates if they run underneath your robot feet. Your own gatling turret will also riddle you with bullets if you happen to be in the way of their view to an enemy. I can't overstate how great the Friendly Fire aspect is. In other twin stick shooters, even cooperative ones, I could easily hold down the fire button while spinning in a circle like a madman, with not a care in the world for running out of ammunition or hurting my teamates. HELLDIVERS™, with all of its dangers and challenges creates a more tactical, slow paced experience. Positioning and aiming are so important in this game, I honestly have never had so much restraint in firing in a twin stick shooter before, but due to the Friendly Fire in this game I'm constantly trying to avoid hitting my teamates. It's great stuff, I get a really Magicka-like vibe from it, which makes sense because I believe the series shares the same developer.In addition to all of this, there is a huge selection of weapons and strategems (equipment/ support) to unlock, and you can choose which kinds of weaponry/ tactics to upgrade and specialize in. There are some neat team-work elements, such as being able to help a teamate reload a recoiless rifle or cruising around in an APC together. Calling down a strategem isn't as simple as pressing a button either, there is a nifty little DDR/Guitar-Hero like minigame to call in support. I actually loved this, it's a lot more challenging than just mindlessly pressing a button. It's pretty difficult to keep calm and collected as the hordes start to breach your position while trying to call down a life saving weapon/ artillery strike. There is a fantastic meta-game going on in the background as well: the Galactic Campaign. Every mission you complete, you add influence to a community pool which helps turn the overall greater battle towards a certain direction. Areas of the galaxy become unlocked over time and eventually we will be able to engage the enemies on their homeworld. There are also defense missions where one of the enemy factions will attack an area where you can join in on the defense, and I haven't played these yet, but I hear they are pretty difficult. Speaking of factions, I was under the impression that there was only a single faction, the steretypical Starship Troopers ""Bugs"", but there are actually three distinct factions! The technologically advanced Illuminate, which uses shields and weird zappy laser things, the rebellious human Cyborgs, which are heavily armored and have weird ♥♥♥♥ed up robotic attachments and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the ravenous Bugs, which are essentially the Zerg/ Tyrannids. These factions all require different tactics to deal with and lend an extra layer of strategy to an already brilliant package.This is one of the best twin stick shooters I've ever played and has surprisingly made it into one of my top 10 games of the year. You should definitely pick this game up if it sounds like something you would be into, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,394510,19546675,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,COLONEL FEUERBUSCH,"From the people that brought you Magicka 1 comes HELLDIVERS,""90% of all recruits get killed during the training"", shoots you in the face 2 seconds after he said that, and hell the achievements...DANCING QUEEN, if you enjoyed the humor of magicka im almost certain you are at the right place,this time you are part of the Helldivers, a squad of four commando units (or four M.orons, which isnt too bad either) which travel from dust planets filled with bugs, old battlefields which wear the scars of war alongside with deadly cyborgs lurking from every corner to jungles which are filled with spiritual shrines and other relics from the iluminate, its up to you to use the weather conditions of the planets to your advantage or die while fighting against them (for example: snow slows down players).exploring Areas makes sense , Some missions require the player to look for certain objectives which start of hidden on the map, besides that you are also able to find ""samples"", with these you are able to upgrade your guns and your equippement, like additional rounds, a bayonet, armor piercing ammunition, a laser guided nucler warhead and many more.You will fight three factions, bugs, cyborgs and the iluminates, each of these sides have their strenghts and weaknesses,for example, the bugs wear the most resistent armor and are trying to overwhelm the player with their numbers but are only able to attack in close quarters while the iluminates rely on medium/heavy shields, fast movement , slowing and stunning and light armor.There is no reason to be afraid, your weapons go from casual assault rifles or rocketlaunchers to arc cannons, flame throwers, acid spitting guns or rail cannons,equippement from mortar strikes,turrets, jetpacks (jump packs) and tactical nukes to armored mechs, vehicles, to use these you will have to call them in via air support by pressing long or short combinations of buttons, if the strategem has ""more impact"" on enemies the cooldown time and calldown combinations are much longer compared to ""less impactful"" strategems which isnt a bad thing since it encourages players to keep enemies of each others back, ultimately missclicking could result in your death.The aunthenticity of the game is incredible, from voice comms on the ground to your own ship with drop pods to enter, every detail screams that the developers care,before the start of each mission you will be in the cockpit of your ship and open the tactical map, it will show you the galaxy with the available planets/ factions and events, after picking a planet you are able to choose wich mission you want to play and where your squad will be deploying, all of that is up to you (do you want to dive into the enemy base or take it slow by beeing far away from the next objective).Once you reach a planet your goal is to do objectives some are always able to complete (for example, capture the outpost kill the boss) and others are once in a time objectives (for example, protect the convoy, defuse the bombs)  and then end the mission by calling for extraction,The way you engage these objectives is up to you, every mission starts in stealth until you let your enemies know that you are present by walking into a patrol, the map shows you objectives and enemy patrols which are close by, strategems, dead patrols and objectives draw the enemies attention so the player has to look out for enemy patrols, Patrols have to be immediatly shot on sight otherwise they might become a threat to the squad by calling in reinforcments such as armored infantry, agile bugs, support enemies, or far worse.So what are you waiting for soldier? Enlist today, explore the galaxy, become heroes."
76561198008502936,Recommended,394510,34186707,Posted: 12 August,all,<ALC> Zee,"Starship Troopers the sim. One of my favorite games of all time! Brutally hard, but rewarding."
76561198107846602,Recommended,394510,19955335,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Maestah,"""Only Good bug, is a dead bug""11/10 would Starship Troopers again!"
76561197993322464,Not Recommended,394510,30306892,Posted: 3 March,all,FwuffyBear,"If you didn't buy the ""Terrain Specialist Pack DLC"" for this game, don't bother playing.  You'll invest many hours in an, otherwise, great game, only to find yourself being booted from parties for not having these in snow/swamp levels...The LAS-5 Sickle [edit] is superior to all other weapons in the game and almost feels like Pay2Win; once you get to the end game, you'll notice that over 60% of players use it.If you don't mind either of the above, it's a great game to play and definitely one of the best twin-stick shooters I've ever played.  But I can't recommend a games where the endgame promotes microtransactions."
76561197996253540,Recommended,394510,25780346,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Andro,"200+ hours and i still love it.this is a very skill based (your personal skill and performance) twin stick shooter.and this game provides you the freedom to choose the difficulty, from very easy to very hard. the difference in the difficulty is not the amount of health and amount of damage, like most games do, but in this game the mechanics of the game get more and more complex, on hardest difficulty you have to be focused at the game and perform well. also this ame has perks and strategems, this is equipment you are able to call in missions, at the start you can choose 4 out of 40-50 ish. also there are different weapons which you can choose, this way you can try out different things and the game changes with different equipment, i mean different equipment need to be used in a different way, so you need to customize your tactics, some may seem harder then others, but you can find something that suits you to have a HELL lot of fun.in this game exp doesnt say anything, yeah ofc you see that low lvl players only started, so you can expect them to perform bad, but as i say this game is skill based and you need to train your skill to perform better.Let me say something about tactics:health numbers and damage numbers dont exist, death can come very suddenly, you cant see when someone is going to die untill he dies (well maybe 1 second before sometimes), same can happen to you. if you die, game isnt over, you just loose a bit of your reward which is exp which doesnt matter in the game anyway, but my biggest reward is the fun i get to complete the challenge in this game.so everybody who likes that kind of ""active play style"" like i do, should really buy this game.also, what i like aswell is: there is no PvP in this game... even if i would be the best player, i dont like PvP."
,Recommended,394510,23971209,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Disodium,"Do you dislike games where basically everything can, does and wants to kill you?- Do not get this game.Great team coop shooter where even the ship coming to pick you up will kill you.. if your friends don't first..Progression is pretty simple but the basics are..You choose a planet with a set of missions that reward you with the item you want/need.Complete said missions on that planet and you get that item for future use.You can further upgrade things by leveling up and collecting 'samples' that reward you points that can be used to upgrade said unlocked items.The game is comparable to Magika in its lethality and potential for things to go horribly wrong.Highly recommended if you enjoy this style of game and it is on sale."
,Recommended,394510,33495374,Posted: 12 July,all,Zorbaz,"I have a hate, love, vengeful relationship with helldivers. This game is an exercise in will power and human ability to overcome challanges. You will die, and you will curse the effer who was dumb enough to hit you with a drop pod, shoot you in the back, or push you off a cliff. When your not busy dodging your own incoming ""Firendly"" fire, you are busy dodging bugs, bots, and lightbulbs. Each enemy faction has a unique flavor about it, some armaments will succeed well against one faction and get you plastered on the floor against a diffeent faction. TEAMWORK, LOTS OF AMMO AND BIG EXPLOSIONS ARE KEY! There is no way you will finish some missions with this trifecta. If only the review could end here...I really dislike the pricing scheme the extra DLCs and most especially the few DLCs that are almost ""required"".One thing to keep in mind as a grunt on the ground, you need a solid Anti-Tank solution, your pop gun just doesnt cut it. Another thing is bring the ammo drop everytime. There is nothing worse than dropping in, killing bugs taking names and realizing aw hell, I forgot the ammo call in. ""Last Mag!!"" - Famous last words...Overall Review 4 of 5 - Solid Game With Lots Of MayhamPricing Review 2 of 5 - A poor DLC centric game, but it is possible to play with out DLCs.Fun Factor 4 of 5 - If you like a spaceship troopers vibe, this nails it pretty well.All of my Reviews are based on a 5 point scale. For referance 5s would be something I would remember five years from now. 4s are above average, and I would play them a lot. 3s are average, meaning I got some enjoyment out of it. 2s are just sad and 1s should never have been designed."
,Recommended,394510,20960626,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jenilya,"BackgroundHELLDIVERS is a 4 player co-op ""twinstick"" shooter. It was originally released on PSN (Playstation Network) and received positive reviews. Its PC port is no exception, and is a wonderfully fun action game to enjoy alone or with others. Although the true fun of the game comes from 4-player co-op, when you can tackle harder missions. I would place it in the ""party game"" and ""couch co-op"" categories.SummaryThe game takes place in the local galaxy, in a distant future with space travel. Humanity resides on ""Super Earth"", as a very technologically advanced race. Humanity has united under one super-power, that believes strongly in democracy, freedom, and liberty (space murica'). During our expansion we have come to war with 3 races; Bugs, The Illuminate, and Cyborgs. All with their own reasons and backgrounds for going to war with us.GameplayThe main goal of the game is to push back and defeat each race, and conquer the galaxy in the name of Democracy. There is a large galactic map where you help fight the war and push back each race, and eventually eliminate them from the war. This is done through Influence points, which is gained by completing missions, higher difficulty missions give more Influence. However, they can push and fight back as well. If the players lose battles the enemies can retake sectors, and eventually lay seige to Super Earth. If Super Earth is lost the war is over, and the players lose. In either scenario, victory or defeat, a new war is started afterwards. The cycle then repeats.Friendly fire is enabled which leads to some frustrating, and hilarious, moments. This forces coordination, checking firing lanes, player skill, positioning, and caution. The game is based as a twin stick shooter, and can be played with a controller. However my fellow PC users do not worry, the game plays absolutely fine with keyboard & mouse. It's a solid PC port with important PC features such as: Text Chat, VOIP, and Steam integration.The game's difficulty scales from 1 - 12. 1 being the easiest (Dive in the Park), and 12 being the hardest (HELLDIVE). As you go into higher difficulties more enemies appear, and more difficult ones with them, but the rewards grow too. One key to playing the game is to keep moving, as the enemies will never quit coming. Patrols alert their allies, thus calling in more powerful enemies. It is imperative to kill these patrols quickly before you are spotted. You can likewise avoid patrols entirely, stealth is an option though difficult. Playing online can make it frustrating when one player is hanging back and not moving with the team, preventing everyone else from moving forward; the screen is locked, and all 4 players are stuck on it.Fighting on planets earns XP and new items for the players to use. These items are called Strategems, which are drops the player calls in during missions. These can be anything from an airstrike, a heavy machine gun, a sentry turret, landmines, and even tanks. Be cautious though, these drop-pods can crush you and your allies (and enemies too!). There is character customization, althought it is light. You can change your outfit, cape, and select a gender (female is slightly skinnier looking, it doesn't affect gameplay). Expect your character to shout plenty of liberty, freedom, and democracy lines and puns, which gives a good laugh.ClosingOverall the game is a fun action romp that will make you laugh, keep you focused, and have a good time. It's best played with friends, or people online. Solo players may find it difficult to unlock all the items, and do higher difficulties by themselves."
,Recommended,394510,23896672,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mighty Max,"tl;dr This game is awesome if you like online co-op and are willing to pay for some DLC.1. The bad part: the base game is fine for a brief bit of co-op fun, but if you want the game to have any lasting potential some of the DLC isessential. In particular you will need: Ranger, Pilot, Demolitionist, Entrenched, and Terrain Specialist. The game is playable without these, but you will really struggle on the harder difficulties. I think that's a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the developers to do, but if you're okay with the extra cost then it's definitely worth it.2. For some reason when I bought this I assumed that this was a linear story-based action game like Magicka. It is not. It's more like Left 4 Dead where you just jump in for a few standalone co-op missions. You can play it single player, but it's really not as fun. The game sort of has a structure with its ""galatic war"", but that has almost no impact on the game other than deciding which enemy factions are available to fight.3. The online community is surprisingly friendly and helpful. I've had almost no trouble with toxic players or trolls. At first I only played single player and local coop because I generally find random internet people annoying, but now I always let random players join my games and it pretty consisently leads to fun experiences.4. The unlocks are a bit of a grind. Judging from my progress so far and from my friends who play I'd estimate that it takes about 120 hours to unlock everything (if you have all DLC). The saving grace is that you choose what to unlock first and the list of ""essential"" unlocks is actually pretty short, so it really doesn't impact the game that much. I'd estimate that you can unlock all of the really awesome items by about 40 hours, but most of those are only essential at the highest difficulties, which you'll need to work up to anyway."
,Recommended,394510,34332705,Posted: 18 August,all,Trejur Goblin,"This is a fabulous, fabulous game. Its only major hindrance, in my opinion, is its DLC implementation, though I have found this to be the case for many of Arrowhead's games. Many DLC weapons and stratagems are fun and extremely useful. I personally do not believe that any of the DLC is NECESSARY. Even the all-terrain boots aren't necessary because wearing a jump pack gets you around just as fast, in a different way. The all-terrain boots are even a trade-off since you give up another perk.If you are looking for a great cooperative experience with tons of opportunities for you and your friends to step on eachother's toes this is it. A satisfying shooter with a massive amount of potential viable loadouts and many different kinds of weapons. Great variety of enemies and how to combat them in the three factions. The game takes place over a large meta-war where you fight a three-front war against Cyborgs, Bugs, and the Illuminates (high-tech aliens). The war is divided into three branches for each faction, and you fight within a sector in order to gain enough community points to take over the sector and advance your war. At times the aliens will fight back and may gain territory back depending on if the community fights back hard enough. A small issue appears when two factions are defeated in a meta-war causing the remaining players to be forced to fight the remaining faction without an options to fight the others for variety. Not too big an issue since I believe all three factions are uniquely fun to fight, but can get annoying when you're burnt out on a faction.You will enjoy firing projectile guns, explosive guns, lasers of many varieties, pilot vehicles, mechs, stationary turrets, call down artillery, bombing runs, FLAMING NAPALM WALLS, you will kill your friends by accidentally landing a drop on them, you will kill yourself by accidentally landing a drop on yourself, you will kill GIGANTIC ALIEN INSECTS BY PURPOSEFULLY LANDING A DROP ON THEM (git gud). You'll unlock pieces of equipment for purely visual customization of your male or female Helldiver (helmet, armor, and cape). Pub games are pretty fun, too! text and voice chat, and a friendly community (tends to happen with cooperatively focused games!). If you enjoy cooperative games with a hard focus on friendly fire, a jovial attitude, and some good ol' democracy, you'll love the hell out of Helldivers."
,Recommended,394510,24143760,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Shplay,"This is the best local/online co-op challenge since Spelunky. Like Spelunky and Dark Souls it teases you with difficulty. The online co-op is really seamless and works beautifully. Easy drop in/drop out is a must for co-op to be fun and not inhibiting and this game does it better than any I've played. Only caveat being that if you suck you'll probably get booted. But who cares? Start your own game with your own friends.Communication and coordination is key to not getting slaughtered. This game really lives up to the ""tough but fair"" gold standard. Highly recommend, especially if you're a PC gamer who likes playing with friends rather than being on your lonesome."
76561198040189617,Recommended,394510,24174189,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Opner,"Best co-op and twin stick shooter I have ever played. Selling point is pure gameplay and despite its repetitiveness, it is endlessly fun."
,Recommended,394510,19489264,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Goodnight,"Pretty good! Optimization is THE BEST! Playing on my old low spec laptop and it gets 30-50 fps ( GForce 520m GPU )It has some light rpg elements like leveling, collecting gear, upgrading your gear and etc.Yes, the game is SOLOABLE but it could be pretty challenging on the later stages.It has no traditional story campaign but is replaced with Galactic Campaign where Super Earth ( human players faction ) battle against 3 ai factions in a conquest to dominate the galaxy. Everything you do contributes to the progress of the Galactic conquest.NOTE: there is FRIENDLY FIRE and you'll often find yourself get killed by teammates accidentally or perhaps intentionally."
,Recommended,394510,19524033,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Scrub,Do you want to know what it's like to be an imperial guardsman in 40k? Or maybe in the mobile infantry in Starship Troopers? Then get Helldivers!Find out what its like to fear your own air support. Get dropped with malcontents who will frag you as often as the enemy. Get murdered on distant worlds by eldritch horrors.Would you like to know more?
,Recommended,394510,19483576,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Geoff,DEMOCRACY OF THE YEAR
76561197994408157,Recommended,394510,29679267,Posted: 3 February,all,DrFetid,A very fun and tricky 4-player co-op fighting against overwhelming odds in the name of Freedom.
76561198035643328,Recommended,394510,22658227,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Naxarro,The Only Good Bug is a Dead Bug!10/10
76561197978131107,Recommended,394510,24579535,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Superbeef,"The creators of ""Magicka"", ""Magicka: Marshlands"" and ""Magicka: Holiday Spirit item Pack"" asked themselves ""What if we took everything that made Magicka a kind of interesting experience for both gamersand consumersand redid it with a PS4 interface in mind, removed the time consuming storyline and interesting locations, and set it to the theme of L. Rob Hubbar's Starship Troopers"". Then they outsourced the whole thing to their low paid interns and let the Magick happen, if you'll pardon the pun.The imaginative result of these mad lads is sure to cinch this year's Nobel prize for literature. Let your mind conjure up this scenario:In the far distant future, mankind battles among the infinite expanse against ruthless enemies whose only goal is our eradication. In this forward-thinking hellscape, wars are won not only with space laser guns, but more importantly by escortinguncountable numbers of space briefcasesto their space bunkers, across millions of worlds and at the expense of billions of lives. Sometimes, just to mix things up, you will be asked to perform a geological survey which involves standing next to a flag for a minute. Other times, you'll be asked to capture a point which oddly also involves standing next to a flag for a minute. But both of those are ancillary and only to facilitate the more expedient delivery of future space briefcases.If this sounds too good to believe, trust me. Because one really interesting feature is that the game tracks the global number of bullets fired, lives lost, enemies killed, and ""space briefcases securely delivered"".The real question is not how fast you should buy this game, but how much of the DLC you will buy. My suggestion is to take out a second mortgage immediately. You only Yolo once, as the kids say."
,Recommended,394510,20969309,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Bottom bunk turtle farm,"I bought HELLDIVERS a short while ago thinking that it'd be a sort-of tongue in cheek Starship troopers themed top down shooter. Oh boy was I in for a treat..I'd like to share with you a short mission log. My, first mission to be exact. *shudders*Mission log 01: Bug territory.So I had decided that when purchasing the game that i'd convince my friend to buy and play the game with me.Regrettably, I was successful..We began by making comments to eachother about how cool the mission select interface was because you were actually inside of your ship in real-time selecting a mission to run on the galaxy map and then dropping into the thick of it! cool huh?Well, that's what we thought.. we were so, so wrong. *shudders*We began with a distress call from one of the ""Bug"" planets which had become in danger.We orbited the planet, climbed into our drop pods and we were on our way to the bug hunt!After landing on the planet's surface we had no need to aquaint ourselves with the controls as the game had already given us this pretty cool boot-camp esque experience as a tutorial upon logging in, and so we set off to the nearby ""SAM Site"".Upon reaching the ""SAM Site"" we began reactivating the consoles and that's when we noticed the ""Bugs""..They were small, crab-like drones if you will.We gunned them down with no hesitation and that was it.. We finished reactivating the consoles and had no trouble from any other bugs, which seemed odd.And so we proceeded to the next objective which was the retrieval of a ""Black box"" which must then be delivered to and outpost.Easy enough huh? well.. I found what was left of the previous carrier and proceeded to take the ""black box"" and began walking toward the outpost, with my friend in front to defend me from those pesky crabs.The planet's surface was volcanic and had many treacherous drops into lava and so he had to tread lightly upon the ash-strewn surface.We were almost at the outpost when something happened.. something that changed me forever.We proceeded onward with my friend infront of me, my friend had been playing around with the dive mechanic and joking about by shouting ""get to cover!"" for no reason at all.He, huh.. he ran ahead and shouted ""get to cover!"" and leapt onto the ground a few feet away from me..There was a magma vent right next to him.. I had to watch as my fellow helldiver was encoated in volcanic material and dissolved infront of me.. screaming. My fellow helldiver, my friend.And so I just called in another pod and he was back because the game works like that..We killed some bigger bugs, one of which was able to plant it's tendrils into the floor and pop them out of the ground to assault you, and that was it.Time to go to extraction! and only one death!We proceeded to the extraction site and activated the beacon, calling the dropship to our location.However, we had to hold out for a minute whilst the ship arrives, which is fine. Who doesn't enjoy a good firefight eh?We held back the alien horde with automated turrets and strafing runs until at last the ship was arriving.The relief that we were finally going home! it was overwhelming!And so we ran to the ship as it was docking and were crushed by it in the process.> GG WP 20/10 Would get flashbacks from a fictional war in a videogame again.You weren't there."
,Recommended,394510,20009619,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DHart,Best game I've played in a long time.Pros:FunFastHardCons:Teammates shooting youTeammates throwing your spawn point by a tankTeammates not running away
,Recommended,394510,21079279,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Staid,The dogs in this game are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561197964798094,Recommended,394510,21046985,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MadAsAHatter,"We ride together, we die together. This is how co-op is supposed to look like. Work as a team or die trying. Don't even try alone..."
76561198056086814,Recommended,394510,20939168,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,oliperrier,"An excellent game so far, nice graphic and the coop style of it is perfect."
,Recommended,394510,28933434,Posted: 2 January,all,FT.Lauars,"It's a game need each players pay more attention to your pantners and the corporation is the most essential part in this game. Even one player can challange the entire game, play with your friends is more funny and more fabulous!"
76561197971541823,Recommended,394510,19582842,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,thelinus,"Perfect game to pick up and play with friends, magicka meets warhammer fighting starcraft factions. Not sure why anyone complains about 15 dlc's costing 10 euros extra, 30 euros is still a cheap game for the amount of hours you get out of it if you like it.My only regret is wasting all those research points when I got started!"
,Recommended,394510,24341070,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Major Neddie,"Someone asked me once if I knew the difference between a civilian and a citizen. I know now. A citizen has the courage to make the safety of the human race their personal responsibility, to helldive.Helldivers is one of the best multiplayer games of this decade, a fun and challenging cooperative twin-stick shooter. Developed by the same folks who brought you Magicka, Helldivers takes that hectic and often self-destructive action, refines it, and mixes it into a cynical science fiction setting. You're trapped on one screen with your fellow divers, and absolutely nothing is safe as you helldive to one planet after another, handling missions for the future of Super Earth!Would you like to know more?Your bullets, your bayonets, and your hellpods do not distinguish between friend and foe. One moment you can be gunning your motorcycle, the next you might slip into a crevasse. Your enemies are three different species - Cyborgs, Bugs and Illuminate - and each of them will challenge you in a different way. When you land, you're fighting for Super Earth, and by the time you're waiting for pickup, you're fighting to survive.Each Helldiver is entitled to their own loadout, which consists of a primary weapon, a stratagem, and four skills. These skills afford different pieces of equipment or ordinance you can call from space to assist you in combat - you might request a flamethrower, an ATV, or a tactical nuke. The requisition system is the special sauce, forcing you to input command sets at tense moments to get what you need, including recalling Helldivers who have fallen, often before your own bullets.The core game has had a number of free updates, and provides a good selection of equipment, but the DLC just take it further. Different DLC focus on different specialties, so you can pick and choose what enables you, as a Helldiver.If Helldivers has a fault, it is that the game is both challenging and social. The active player base is modest but strong, and they’re eager to meet new recruits! You can play it with your friends locally, or online, or even mix the two.This is for all you new people. I have only one rule. Everybody fights, no one quits. If you don't do your job, I'll kill you myself!Welcome to the Helldivers!"
,Recommended,394510,24259449,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,maxleresistant,"Good game, really fun and addictive. Two problems though, it's quite repetitive and there is too much griding.Also, those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, yes, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, made it so that your character will be really slow when walking in water or on snow, but wait, there is a solution, in the form of a 3€ DLC pack to get boots... You will NEED those boots, like really...One of the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥move I ever saw in the history of gaming. The guy who decided that should burn in hell, or even better, we should get him, put 30 kg weights on his ankle and force him to pay back everybody who got screwed over buying the boots, and then make the boots part of the main game.♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,394510,24659250,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mudokon,"Played this a ton with friends over multiplayer but you can also do local co-op.The point is to take over various areas and get off the planet, the enemies never stop and the maps are all procedurally generated.Enjoyed for a few weekends then moved on."
76561198009765546,Recommended,394510,19976652,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fox,"Helldivers' focus on the cooperation of a small team looking out for each other against oppressive waves of enemies elevates it from what would have been a fun and challenging shooter, to a game that now sits at the top of my list of how I plan to spend many future evenings: with a gun in hand, my allies at my back, and a broad smile on my face.a must buy for any top down shooter fan ,long live Helldivers"
,Recommended,394510,22717482,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Krispin Wah,"Great game. Thought me a very important life lesson. Do not, under any circumstances, exit a moving vehicle."
76561198038522376,Recommended,394510,29689722,Posted: 4 February,all,Moykkis,Fun with friends but bit dull alone not too easy
,Recommended,394510,26032736,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,"Well, not bad. Like the chaos created by collateral damage. A little more stories and hilarious references like migicka could be better. :D"
,Recommended,394510,34793903,Posted: 7 September,all,MadMax,Pew pew pew..hit teammates and resurrect them again..do that again for sure.Nice game anyway
,Recommended,394510,19594560,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,J1mBlack,Libertea has never tasted so good.
,Recommended,394510,19495205,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,iWaNN,"Lots of fun (yes, death is fun too) and Starship Troopers atmosphere... this is a best top-down shooter i have ever played. Oh! And a little bit of tactical gameplay here :)"
76561198063416574,Recommended,394510,19495536,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Big Bad Wolf,So Many Way to kill your friends ;-)11/10  Best PS4 Port Of The Year
,Recommended,394510,19514917,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Saberia.Aria,Triple kill when you join a team.-10/10
,Recommended,394510,19666211,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,playerone,This is a really great game.  Not sure I needed the dlc tho.
76561197985016922,Recommended,394510,29062132,Posted: 6 January,all,Grumpy Nic,"Have you seen the movie Starship Troopers? This is it, only way better.So let me get this straight, you find yourself on a spaceship, climb into a pod that is just big enough for you and are being shot down onto a planet crawling with enemies. And this is where the party starts.Things you can do:1. Choose a main weapon, projectile weapons, laser weapons, plasma and electric guns2. Choose stratagems, which are basically things your mothership throws down onto the planet and usually tries to kill u with. Ever been crushed from a Mech that just fell down from orbit? Soon u will be.3. Choose a perk, like better armor, better regeneration or improved cardio, etc.4. Shoot5. Reload6. Run7. Yell9. Be crushed by support drops10. Be killed by friendly fireOne thing I havent mentioned. You cannot just call in supply drops such as ammo, vehicles or larger/heavier guns but also tons of bombs, strafing runs from some nearby fighters, missile and artillery barrages and nukes that will obliterate the whole screen, including your friends. And the list goes on, minefields, barbed wire, stationary guns...I dont wanna spoil all the nice things you can have, best find out for yourself!"
,Recommended,394510,20213163,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,P O L Y G O N,1. Your friend fall on the ground.2. Press A to help him to get up.3. The bugs hit you and you fall on the ground.4. Your friend ran away like a boss.5. You died.#Friendship 10/10.
,Recommended,394510,19592784,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Entomologen Ernt,"The Disconnects, oh margard!Steam keeps disconnecting all of the 4 man crew"
,Recommended,394510,23598933,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sigel,"Great game but short on content. Definitely meant to be played with friends. Some of the DLC packs are a must buy which subtracts from the value of the base game.NOT meant to be completely played without any friends. Even when I soloed Helldive difficulty, it was solely so I could twirl the cape in their face."
,Not Recommended,394510,21621597,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"Helldivers has a great soundtrack, it has fun mechanics and it has good art direction. The weapons are almost universally fun to use, the mechs and tanks really give you a kickass feel, and there are few equipment options that are downright bad.So why am I not recommending this game?The camera. The goddamn camera. It was designed for a hot-seat/friends-in-front-of-TV multiplayer situation, meaning that it just settles in the rough center of the group of characters. This keeps everyone together, which is good, however, the view area is painfully tiny, which is bad, and it is consistently the least fun mechanic, because the view area is so TINY that big enemies can barely fit in it alongside the player characters. When you die, it'll rarely be because you got outflanked or screwed up, it'll be because you got sniped by an enemy literally outside of the field of view or because you ran afoul of the view area and got trapped in a niche somewhere while enemies dogpiled you.The camera works fine for singleplayer, but the game ramps difficulty too high for most people to play singleplayer beyond the very earliest and easiest stuff. If there's a patch saying they've improved the camera by the time you read this review, ignore it, get the game, you'll have fun. If there's not, heed the warning and don't buy it."
,Recommended,394510,19531378,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,iGolf,Let's bring democracy to the bug!
76561197997470422,Recommended,394510,25631253,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Suma,"How about a nice cup of LIBER-TEA?!!!Helldivers brings me back to the great old days of the original Left 4 Dead. Tense, challenging, and action packed. Full friendly fire, and need for high levels of cooperation.9/10 if you have at least one friend to play with, locally on your PC or online"
,Recommended,394510,29208311,Posted: 12 January,all,Redbeard,I died more to my own teammates helldrop pods (Support drops) than I did the enemies.11/10 will play so much.
,Recommended,394510,19707352,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Seelvor,"I could say a lot, but essentially what it boils down to is; You can spawn an APC with an anti-tank cannon on the back, 2 MGs on the sides, and barbed wire laced around the front bumper. Then you can cruise around the map for 10 planets, bro-ing it up with 3 total strangers until you form an unspoken bond of blowing the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything and acting like lunatics. After all, you can't get a DUI in space."
,Recommended,394510,20281422,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,White,SO much fun... the P2P system is quite annoying got disconnected a lot of time pls fix this...Overall one of my Fav game
76561198024434045,Recommended,394510,20702446,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Exania,Pure addictive love in a good way with tons of fun and frustration :)
,Recommended,394510,33064152,Posted: 30 June,all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,"The game has tons of fun. It is old but certainly one of my best recent purchases.The game is difficult, you can play alone, although it is not so fun, and it's true that only certain difficulties (the missions have an indicator where you can see the enemies and the difficulty) high difficulty missions are impossible to face alone. When you overcome missions and objectives you gain experience to raising the rank of your character and then unlock weapons, stratagems (request support, orbital attacks, vehicles, mechs, yes mechs!...) abilities, visual elements ... this things can also be unlocked with certain objectives, like conquer a planet. You can also upgrade weapons with new features. The thing is you have many things to continue playing.There a galactic map and every battle of  every player count to an online global, when some number of battles are won the player can access to a bigger battles against epic bosses.The online community is active, and by far a very nice one.You can play coop or online or mix both. And you can play with various controllers and keyboard/mouse in the same computer at the same time (for the coop)The game is a twin stick shooter, it's very easy and smooth to play with the pad but you can play it in the same way with keyboard and mouse. Visually is practically identical to Diablo III, and the concept remind me to that game, but without the role element. There isn't a proper story or something, and the little it has is for parody the game itself and all those histories about human trying to impose its law against alien species.  you get enough to create a context and then shoot and blow up everything time after time... no need for more."
76561197982950406,Recommended,394510,19558956,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Vamandrac,"Do you love liberty?  Would you like to spread democracy across the galaxy?  If the answer is yes then Helldivers is the game for you!  Made by the developers of Magika and Gauntlet, Helldivers puts you in the boots of a space marine in charge of fighting a three front war in order to defend Super Earth and bring freedom to the galaxy.The game features plenty of weapons and perks that allow for great customization within a squad.  Although the game can be played alone it truly shines when you invite some friends along for the ride.  If you enjoy top down stick shooters you should not pass this one up.There has been a lot of issues made over the amount of DLCs avalible, their cost, and if they give players an advantage over the default weapons.  While there are some packs that have helpful weapons or items, none of them are really a must have unless you see something that fits your playstyle.  If you are going to buy a DLC I would suggest picking up the Ranger Pack for the UAV to find samples and the Terrain Specialist Pack for the all terrain boots for snow worlds."
,Recommended,394510,28838946,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,metachr0n mk.I,This game is one of the most fun multiplayer games to be had.  Definitely recommended.Pros:Loads of great unlocks.Loads of play styles to be had.Loads of fun.Cons:You have to grind a bit to get good gear or get all the DLC.
,Recommended,394510,33089830,Posted: 1 July,all,Snow,"One of the best CO-OP games out there. What best way to unify the galaxy than bringing war to other planets. In Helldivers,  you serve democracy with an awesome arsenal of weapons and gadgets called stratagems. Fast-pace twinstick action shooter, great with friends. Friendly fire is always on, which will result in game sessions of yelling at your teammates for messing up. Democracy strikes back."
,Recommended,394510,19554691,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,lOrD gHoSt,"""accidentals""my kind of killcount!and:buy the Deluxe, because... more stuff to blow up your friends! :D"
,Recommended,394510,19555371,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RhoDawg,"Bought this game on PS4 for $15. Loved it, played about 30-40 hours on it. Heard it was coming on PC. Bought it here too. Yes its that good that I bought it again, Plus I actually like the mouse/keyboard controls better.Its a lot like playing starship troopers. You can jump in and out of missions playing for 15 minutes at a time if you want to (thats what I tend to do while at work haha).There is an overal global strategy which is nice.The game doest get repetative as far as missions go, but the strategies are always different and continuosly evolving. I definitely recommend it, you'll get at least 30-40 hours out of it."
,Recommended,394510,34046849,Posted: 5 August,all,Negi-sama,"This game is downright brutal when you get to the really difficult (and important) missions.The easy missions allow you to get a feel for the game. As you move up to more difficult missions, it'll become very clear that you need your fellow Helldivers to accomplish the objectives.TEAMWORK is very important. As such, it is a MUST to always respect your fellow players to have a great experience. The community is very much alive and helpful, so learning how to survive and spread managed democracy becomes much easier.FRIENDLY-FIRE is also a very important concern. Always be mindful of your aim and the whereabouts of your team.The game is pretty simple. Drop in. Accomplish Missions. Extract. That's it. There are many weapons and stratagems (The Helldiver's bread and butter) to upgrade and learn how to use. Once you've upgraded everything, you may choose to wipe your slate clean and start over.All in all, the game is fun and satisfying when you finish missions and see how hard you've suffered to finish it but without multiplayer, it becomes almost impossible. So going solo is not a very productive option."
,Recommended,394510,19582945,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Glæ,"imagine magicka with stabile multiplayer, working net code and stuff with starship troopers theme. lots of fun!"
,Recommended,394510,19579486,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,WeaselBiggs,"I might add more to this later, but I'll be painfully obvious and say this is Starship Troopers: The Game. That means guns, lots of guns, lots of in-your-face and entirely assumed corny jingoism à la Robert Heinlein (DEMOCRACY!), and bugs. Not as in ""janky gameplay"", mind you - bugs as in ""giant chitinous mothers who want nothing more than to serve you a nice, steaming cup of MOIDAH."" Yes, murder.Helldivers pulls no punches. It's Magicka without Green Magic Beams of Healing Friendliness, so be prepared to learn to shoot. Accurately, that is. You can't barge in there like TF2's Heavy, blanket the State or province in lead and wake up to the sight of your comrades smelling like the proverbial rose. The supposedly optional right-trigger laser sight you start out with?Don't replace it. Keep it, if you value your co-op funtimes.Seeing as the game frames a persistent galactic war, expect plenty of procedurally generated maps and objectives - which means you'll quickly start to get Warhammer Lite vibes from the setup. Most maps have plenty of natural cover or are large enough for you to hoof it out of dicey areas, but most objectives are constantly pulled out of the same shallow pool. You'll disarm minefields, bomb bug hives into oblivion, raise flags over supposedly significant areas, reinitialize S.A.M. batteries or escort civilians to safety, among a few other things. You'll see the game's overall palette of objectives within two or three hours. Past that, drudgery sets in, unfortunately. The only thing that might keep you going could be the thrill of unlocking more ordnance or upgrade parts, or maybe you'll actually derive some pleasure out of grinding an upteenth faceless mook of a character.So honestly, this is another grinder's paradise, at least up until you do unlock gear that complements your playstyle. Once you do, it's a lot easier to just let jolly co-operation happen and shoot mooks with complete strangers.A bit like Magicka, you practically have no reasons to play this alone. You can, of course, but your personal ship and home base comes complete with four ""hellpods"", a constant reminder that you could be boosting that XP meter much faster.If anything, I'll mention there's nothing quite like accidentally killing a buddy with an item request. Or enemies, for that matter. Death by Supply Drop. Isn't that fairly ironic?"
,Recommended,394510,19574233,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Boxes,"Leader chooses objective site for drop zone.2/4 Helldivers crushed immediately by other 2 Helldivers drop pods.Survivors haul♥♥♥♥♥ call in Mechs, rampage through enemies.Go on to win with 3 gold stars.10/10 would crush friends to start the game all day.EDIT: Just read a bunch of negative reviews only giving negative because of the DLC structure and/or not knowing what the DLC was during pre-order stage. This game has been out on ps4 for a year now, it took me about 5 minutes to research and find out that the Deluxe Edition would be WELL worth the double price. It still only comes to $40 canadian. I've bought games far less entertaining from big budget developers for $60-$70 just for the base game; throw the $30-$50 season pass on top and wow this game is a god **** steal for the amount of brilliant entertainment you'll get from it. If you're REALLY unsure, buy the base game, try it, you have two hours gametime on Steam to return it (typical easy missions are 10-20 minutes) & buy the Deluxe edition."
,Recommended,394510,19606951,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,starmix,"Awesome game, good strategy + shoot em up!Would recommend eyes closed."
,Recommended,394510,19570844,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Chill,Like Starship Troopers ? Like co-op ? Like being crushed by your own package ? You'll love this game.
,Recommended,394510,19574758,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,LemonSoup,"Had to give this game a good review because of all the misinformation surrounding the DLC practices.  Firstly, it is not 'launch' DLC because this game has been out for a long time on Playstation systems.  Secondly, you do not have to buy all the DLC separately if you failed to buy the DDE, you can get the reinforcement pack (yes it's hidden, the devs had no control over this, that's down to steam) and this will only cost you $5 more than if you had got the DDE.  $5 isn't much, just a slight insentive/bonus for people who got the DDE right off the bat.Regarding the P2W aspect of the DLC.  This is nonsense.  Nothing in the DLC is objectively superior to anything in the vanilla game.  Arrowhead have done a great job at balancing the packs without being P2W and it's a shame that one of the few companies to have a reasonable DLC policy is getting such bad press due to misinformation.The game itself is great fun and I cannot recommend it enough.  If you like twin sticks like alien swarm then this is definitely a must-buy!"
76561198045723336,Recommended,394510,33141975,Posted: 2 July,all,Souldawn,"Helldiver is great fun, and can only be recommended.It's good with random people, and awesome with friends.You get to unlock lots of different weapons, vehicules and airstrikes, each representing a new potential way to kill your team mates.And also it seems EXTREMELY optimized !!! I had some problems with my dedicated gpu lately, and the intel integrated graphics card ran this game without any problems whatsoever !10/10 will drop mines near objectives again."
,Recommended,394510,30422802,Posted: 10 March,all,Spookghetti,"Me and my friends wanted to get a lazer canon, and the one friend thought it would be good instead to do a ""Impossible"" difficulty mission for a stop watch. 10/10 would za warudo again. I hate him."
76561198066337960,Recommended,394510,30419931,Posted: 9 March,all,"[21st Infantry] ""Sarge""","Another gem of a twin stick shooter from the makers of Magicka. Gameplay that stays fresh game after game, tons of ways to mix and match perks, guns and gear to slaughter your enemies in new and messy ways, and tons of panicked friendly fire that's equal parts hilarious and annoying as all hell. Bring some friends and grab a few drinks, you'll have a good share of stories to share afterwards. Keep your enemies close, and your friends... way the hell away from you."
,Recommended,394510,19513334,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Harmony Sly,"This game has trusted a good chunk of my night bro-operatives over the past six months (on PS4), and I am glad to see it coming to PC. Very good port, lacking a few graphical options but can run very well on a modest configuration, and that's everything you should ask for a game like this (besides, the DoF effect is definitely nicer than the PS4 counterpart, and overall the game looks sharper and smoother than on consoles).My main gripe is about the price, since I purchased the game on Playstation at Day One, and I had to shell out a few extra bucks for the DLCs, I had hoped the game would have had the whole package for a little cheaper. Still, tremendous value for money, if you have three buddies to go along with, perfect balance between instant gratification and a steep learning curve (the game is pretty easy to pick up, yet the difficulty ramps up fairly quickly and you have to be on point with your teammates to survive).The music is amazingly pumping, the feeling when you wait for that damn chopper and everything goes crescendo is unmatched. You can remap controls, even switch between toggling or holding certain commands (map, sprint, stratagems, cover), which can be a lifesaver depending on your playstyle. The netcode is stable, fast and reliable matchmaking, the game supports any combination of local and online players, with drop-in drop-off. If you're keen on games like Broforce, Red Solstice, Magicka, Gauntlet, or any top-down twin-stick shooter worth a damn, and if you're not some terrorist xeno-commie scum, you ought to give this game a try."
,Recommended,394510,19506391,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lockehart,"Starship Troopers meets Gauntlet is the most appropriate comparison I've heard.  Co-op play is where this game shines, with friendly fire being a large part of the game's fun/frustration.  A good choice if you're looking for something challenging to play with friends."
,Recommended,394510,19498149,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lamb,"Holy Libertea, it's finally here.HELLDIVERS™ has finally been ported from the PS4 to the PC.I've spent countless hours liberating planets and shooting alien scum back on the PS4, and now it's all here for the steam community to enjoy!The principe behind HELLDIVERS is very simple. You are tasked to liberate planets from three different invading forces with their own units and strategies. You can be joined by three fellow players for co-operation. And don't worry, the kicking system is fairly solid. And you can always report players who are out to only do you harm!Players with too many reports will eventually recieve a bad standing on their profile, which only allows them to play with other bad standing members. (You still have a chance to redeem yourself, don't worry!)Is it worth it?If you enjoy solid four player co-operation with plenty of stuff to unlock and upgrade, this is definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,394510,19511976,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Be Preying,"Mostl of the DLC contain 3 items: 1x Costume, 1x weapon and 1x Stratagem.- Costume: Personalisation items only, no impact on gameplay- Weapon: Don't remember any of these being game-breaking, just more visual flavour and options- Stratagem: You select 4 at the beginning of the mission. They are deployable skills. Stratagem vary from airstrikes, weapon/ammo drops, support turrets, extra co-op player respawns and so on. The DLC ones are just variations on a few fixed themes (offence, defence, support, ?????). You might find one you think looks cool but you don't need them to succeed.It runs very well on my crappy PC.It is a console port but looks nice enough. It may be a bit too simplistic for a lot of PC vets but there is enough nuance in the game to make it entertaining.No doubt co-ordinated Helldiver squads could♥♥♥♥♥♥all over most of the harder content but it is good for a laugh and even with unforgiving friendly fire it can be amusing in PUGS."
,Recommended,394510,27942542,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,R3d_Dawn 4D,Awesome Gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BmaPmo-EM8Its That Intense
76561198042081391,Recommended,394510,25423457,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Alphadroide,This Shoot ’em up game is really great. You can play in multiplayer-mode with your friends! This is a lot of fun! While playing you're always under pressure and you have no time to relax! Great!
,Recommended,394510,24194532,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hashashin,"Quem curtiu o filme ""Tropas Estelares"", vai se amarrar nesse jogo!Um game perfeito para jogar com os amigos, seja online ou no mesmo PC com gamepads. Mas atenção: ele tem uma jogabilidade bem realista (hardcore) para a maioria dos players! Quer saber o por que?Análise COMPLETA sobre todos os pontos do jogo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUJMaP-VISo"
,Recommended,394510,19567935,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,November [KONY-III],"One of many games I've been hoping would come to PC. Bought the DD edition not for the unlocks, but to do my part and make sure more people are encouraged to port their games.It's a nice blend of Alien Swarm and Magicka, brewed into a nice hot cup of LIBERTEA."
,Recommended,394510,19507318,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Viper123_SWE,"""How about a cup of Liber-tea?!""Helldiversis a top-down four-player drop-in/drop-out co-op shooter with heavy online elements.The game has no story or campaign per se but instead it relies on a community-driven system where the Helldivers, the players, complete mission to gain territory for Super Earth.The game features friendly fire which is, just like in Magicka, always on and alot of humor.It's advised not to take this game too seriously as it is everything but a serious game.All in all its a awesome game where everyconquestliberationof a planet grants you new equipment to use.I definietly recommend this game, especially for people who just wants to cause some mayhem with their friends."
,Recommended,394510,33905944,Posted: 30 July,all,Mara Jadewind,"This game is about sending a message.....a message that is so clear !!HELLDIVERS will come in hard and kick all the front door of every Bug infested, Badass Machinery and even AI dominated planet; of every corner and nook of the galaxy in order to spread the wing of Democracy ! Freedom !! LIBERTY !!!  And Freedom will never sleep !!!They will gonna sit tight down their a$$ and have a cup of LIBER-TEA !!!"
,Recommended,394510,23620349,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,GHEIST,"A fun top-down shooter playable in  co-op or alone that has a lot of similarities to starship troopers in terms of aesthetic and satirical tone. It has you dropping onto planets to perform random sets of objectives of increasing difficulty as you progress from planet to planet to unlock more gear and gain experience. The game lacks in longevity but entertains for long enough considering the price. Both controller and mkb will do.If you do decide to buy, buy the deluxe edition on sale, as it contains some fun new items and a bunch of cosmetics."
76561198012396330,Recommended,394510,23194969,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Sureshot,"I couldn't recommend this game more highly. Starship troopers is obviously a huge influence but there's just so much to the games design, mechanics and feel that are purely unique and inredibly rewarding. 10/10"
76561198005726016,Recommended,394510,35258814,Posted: 28 September,all,Ice,"Best (sadly non-licensed), Warhammer40K game made to date."
,Recommended,394510,19536116,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NikaSharkeh,"Magicka. Starship Troopers. Top-down co-op games like Alien Shooter. Republican Space Rangers show from GTA.If you like any of those 4 things, then trust me, you will absolutely fall in love with this game. Chaotic yet hillarious gameplay of Magicka with full teamfire on. You will die to teamfire A LOT, but dont worry, as game is not punishing death. Amazing hillarious parody atmosphere of Starship troopers or similar movies, fighting for all of humanity(corporations), spreading ""managed"" democracy, getting rid of brutal alien bugs(totally not cuz their planets have lots of oil) and evil cyborg terrorists (totally not cuz theyre communist). Another take on sweet good-olde top down co op shooter gameplay, with lots of ways to customize and upgrade your equipment, with many combinations of roles each player can take.If you've been looking for another sweet, fresh new co-op game, look no further."
,Recommended,394510,19820960,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Lavarius,"1st day,Get smacked by drop pod.Get smacked some more. Nay Nay Nay *SMACK*Burn bugs, burn more bugs...+50min OH GOD WHY SO MANY BUGS!!!Ow Cyborgs this will be fun....+30 min......RUN THERE ARE 5 TANKS THERE!Ow some alien shinanigans....+50min...............PRONE FOR YA LIFE!!!!Use lazers,cover your team mates, be awesome. And call reinforcements you big nerd!10 OF 10 Hell Marines"
,Recommended,394510,30966152,Posted: 5 April,all,Billheim,"This game is a wonderful thing to play, The multiplayer teams are not always the best, With some having over 10 deaths per mission. But when you get a good team it is like you are doing well. Don't solo a retaliatory strike on Helldive difficulty."
,Recommended,394510,20059862,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Matric,"Do you enjoy your Freedom?  Do you find joy in the Liberty and Justice of Super Earth?  Then look no further, soldier; time to join the Helldivers and spread managed Democracy throughout the galaxy!  Seriously, get this game."
76561198211715507,Recommended,394510,25311608,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Supreme Wizard Lionel J Holmes,"Freedom and Liberty, spread them to Foul Xenos, and Heretics alike, all in service of the God Senator of Mankind, from his mighty Golden Throne on Super Earth, the God Senator of Mankind is working on using his own Supeior DNA to form twenty sons, to lead the Helldiver Legions on a Great Crusade to spread Liberty to all the Galaxy.The RacesRace 1: Tyran- I mean BugsThe Bugs, the race that will always have the Most Players fighting them, the Bugs are a horde race with loads of Armor, pretty good for starting out.Race 2: THE FOUL TRAITORS! (Cyborgs)The FOUL TRAITORS are also pretty easy to fight, although they have one thing that no other race has, a Tank that can call the alarm. If you see run, its too late, its already seen you and has called the alarm.Race 3: The T'au aka the Illuminatethis race is my personal favorite, like most races their strength comes from numbers, unlike most races, they have powerful shields, and I mean powerful, able to take a nuke and live kind of powerful.Race 4: THE MOST HOLY OF ALL THE GOD SENATORS FORCES, THE HELLDIVERSThats right, Helldivers aka YOU like all races the Helldivers have a Homeplanet, the most Holy of all Planets in the universe, SUPER EARTH (must always be capitalized) SUPER EARTH is the planet that you will fight on if you didn't do your part and Kill the Mutant, Purge the Alien, and Burn the Unclean. When such foul monsters reach our most Holy Home Planet the most important day of your life happens, the fight to save SUPER EARTH.All in all, buy it. 10/10 would Serve the God Senator agian"
76561197999416881,Recommended,394510,19854891,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Apocalypse,"An outstanding game! This has been one of the most fun, intense cooperative games I've enjoyed throughout my entire game library.Character & Equipment customization is great! I bought the Deluxe Edition which came with a fair amount of equipment, vehicles, and srategem already unlocked. I've been enjoying the ability to customize the look of my character and enhance the equipment I'm using through research points.Player Loadouts (Strategems). I really dig that you have to put some thought into which equipment you deploy on missions. With only 4-strategm slots, its vital that players conduct some assessment of their mission.Cooperative gameplay is wonderful, and I've had some great cooperative moments. From my experiences, this is a great community. This is the only community where I see players congratulate each other on being promoted in-game. I've seen guys risk their pixel lives to save other players, and there really seems to be a community effort. Also, I'm not sure how the overall campaign works but from what I understand it is also a community effort to defeat each faction.Intense gameplay is intense! The AI is a little gamey in how it spawns, but it isnt impossible (maybe some of the mother-planets) and can be beaten with a dedicated and coordinated group of players.Glad I picked this up, and glad I dropped the extra cash on the deluxe edition. I've been playing this more than anything else lately."
,Recommended,394510,19628185,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Accelerated Momentum,"For a long time i have been looking for a game which gives you the feeling of a space marine.This game has it, fighting 3 other races, the freindly fire and the difficulty of sucseeding a mission while overrun by enemys.Events like defending the home planet and attacking the enemys' home planet requaers the effort of everyone in order to defeat a single race in the current war"
76561197990546446,Recommended,394510,28557335,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,strigoii_mortii,"This masterpiece easily made it amongst my most favourite games. Fast, intense, unforgiving action with incredible possibilities, several unlocks, awesome gameplay mechanism and really great co-op (definitely one of the best coop games I´ve ever played). Supports up to 4 people couch co-op which makes it a superb choice for party gaming...Grab it while you can, you won´t regret it.Pros+ very nice visuals (considering the game size)+ adrenaline-pumping action+ unlocks system+ huge arsenal of weapons and defensive/offensive support+ solid variety of enemies+ tactical hardcore gameplay+ procedurally generated gameplay+ hours and hours of fun (yeah, and ""accidental"" deaths as well)+ drop-in/drop-out system+ controller supportCons- not very noob friendly (but this feeling will pass quickly, don´t worry) :))Some people complained about camera. I think that camera is placed well to provide adequate battlefield overview."
,Recommended,394510,19531159,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DarkMachine,You may apply to HELLDIVERS if you meet one of the following:Do you enjoy freedom?Do you wish to spead democracy?Do you want to complete the mission?And.....Do you like liber-Tea?Welcome to the HELLDIVERS than!!!
,Recommended,394510,19724692,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Danyaell,"Best of 2015! Fun, addictive, great multiplayer and Galactic Campaign is very exciting!FOR DEMOCRACY!Voted for ""Test of Time"" awards in 2016."
,Recommended,394510,19594401,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Cipher,See the galaxy!Save the galaxy!Enlist into the moblie infantry!Would you like to know more?
76561198011910364,Not Recommended,394510,28405251,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MegaFaggot,"Never buy this game full price, gameplay hyper repetitive, there are some items and weapons but you'll end up using always the same ones... Plus when you finally find some cool people to play with, you get disconnected for no reason. For me its 6/10... barely"
,Recommended,394510,33715427,Posted: 22 July,all,mechajinkun,WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE?
,Recommended,394510,20079493,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lil Boogie,friendly fire simulator 2016
,Recommended,394510,21937871,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,-kc,It's a fun game to pick up.
76561198008366475,Recommended,394510,24027579,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Phobos,Probably the best game I ever bought to be honest.
,Recommended,394510,28749971,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[EQRG]SoanoS,"Starship Troopers meets Magicka.This is quite a fun action game with emphasis on action and fun. You are a Helldiver, an elite strike team member, trained to launch from an orbiting battleship in a Hellpod and to rain death on the alien enemy scum.Your strike team will consist from 1-4 helldivers, depending on how many players join the game, and the action takes place in one single screen that scrolls with the squads as you complete objectives in missions.You will be facing a cadre of faitly typical enemies. Bugs that are of the typical aliens/starship troopers variety and remind of Zerg, Cyborgs hellbent on ""improving"" themselves trough modifying themselves and Illuminate, an advanced alien race using shield and stealth tech and energy weapons. These all have their individual weaknesses and strengths which adds some tactical element to the game in form of loadout selections.Speaking of loadouts, you are not left wanting in variety.Assault Rifles, Anti-Tank Rifles, Battle Rifles, Grenade Launchers, Laser Rifles, Machine Guns, Plasma Cannons, Railguns, Rocket Launchers, Shotguns, Sniper rifles, Tanks, Mechs, Drones, Automated Turrets, Decoys, Supply Drops, Air Strikes, Orbital Bombardments, Tactical Nukes, Jetpacks, Personal Shields, Mine Fields, Strafing Runs and all sorts of goodies. Some of these come in form of stratagems or calldowns in other words. You hold down a key and perform a key sequence to dial the item, drop your beacon and wait for a few seconds.Which brings me to the interesting part. You perform battlefield actions such as interacting with objectives and using calldowns by using keyboard combinations such as up-up-down-down-left-right-left-right, which completes a sequence and does what you request. This is sometimes nerve-wracking as you try to call down the extraction pod and enemies are getting closer to you, which adds quite a lot to the excitement.Death can come in many forms on the battlefield. A bug chewing your face off, A cyborg burning you to a crisp. Or the most likely cause of death: A careless teammate mowing you down from behind with their machine gun by accident.Death in this game is not permanent, and you can always be called back into the game with a reinforcement calldown, and the action can continue. It is not worth getting upset about. Dying in this game is very easy. Ger overrun by a tank, wander under the landing zone of a shuttle/supply pod, falling into lava and so on.The game has community-based star campaign progress which resets and begins anew when a ""war"" ends (20-30 days). During these campaigns you unlock and upgrade better arsenal such as better tanks, better mechs, bigger guns and tactical nuclear strikes to lay waste to alien scum.The community for this game has been quite nice so far what I have seen.There is also a commend/report system will ensure that griefers and rude players who get a bad standing will only get to play with other bad players, and well behaved and nice players who get commended by their comrades get to play with other nice players which is a nice touch. The bad reputation is not permanent so if you end up with a bad standing you can eventually get back to the good side if you change your ways and don't get more reports for a while.Would I recommend this title? Yes, I would. Definitely worth grabbing on a sale."
,Recommended,394510,33063615,Posted: 30 June,all,Bill Cipher,"Great game, lot of fun. The player system can be kind of annoying sometimes as I do lose my character but you will get used to it, I have. Best of luck 9.7/10 should buy. (Those damn squids are annoying af)"
,Recommended,394510,33201705,Posted: 3 July,all,Harry Osborn,Democracy is enough reason for genocide!
,Recommended,394510,33510182,Posted: 13 July,all,Ki77erIke,"This game is the essence of maddness... You can play by yourself and enjoy what this game has to offer. Very fun and compact gameplay with a small rpg element that keeps you playing. Really like the style and humor that the game has to offer. LETS TAKE OVER THE GALAXY by destroying all life on other planets to spread democracy. :DOr you can go online with up to 3 other people. If you like your friends now... Then don't play this game with them. You might just change your opinion. You will die in some of the most stupid ways know to man (mainly drop pods). The frustration you will feel when you decide to walk on water like Jesus and your whole team gets slaughtered from every which direction known to man. Gotta love this game. But seriously give it a try, very fun and interesting game."
,Recommended,394510,19681883,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Welkin,"The game is a very polished shooter with great local coop features and a large variety of customizable loadouts that keeps the game feeling fresh!Largest complaint is the DLC model, $3 for two ingame items and some cosmetics. Not the most expensive price, and most items are fairly balanced so it's not strictly pay-to-win, but some of the best items are dlc only."
,Recommended,394510,19680235,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,WOLF,"Great game for $20. You get leveling,unlocking,cosmetics. Random maps, your never playing the same one. If your on the fence, dont be pick it up."
,Recommended,394510,20463030,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MeStation,"good. but, some time crash problem."
,Recommended,394510,20211790,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,javiersm96,"A seriouly addictive, epic action co-op in which you take the role of a Helldiver, a highly trained soldier deployed in hostile planets to meet the local lifeforms and enlighten them with freeedom and democracy helped by the latest weaponry technology.What are you waiting for? Join the Helldivers and help us spread democracy throughout the whole galaxy!"
76561198106240124,Recommended,394510,20626600,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bittersweet,"I was a really big fan of alien swarm, so I had a lot of expectations when I heard about this game.My biggest concern was the PC version control... witch appears to be okay but needs polishing.Putting that aside, this is a really cool game with a lot of variety and things to do.The co-op working great and become very challengeing as the game go on.If you like this type of games, buy it!8/10 great game."
60456927816048303,Recommended,394510,20926598,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ashford Thunder,"OMG,this game is FREAKING AMAZING. This game deserve a try and is a MUST buy for co op lovers. Seriously just buy the game and try it out you wont regret it."
,Recommended,394510,22775909,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Castor Li Delta,"Think magicka with a futuristic design, but still have friendly fire. It replaces spells with strategems which u can call down from your ship to call in supplies, bombs and more. Also did i mention there are laser guns, shotguns, rifles and rocket launchers? The enemy is robots, cyborgs and bugs and they each offer their own special troops requiring different tactics on killing them.I love this game a lot, best to play with 3 of your friends and enjoy some good old trooper action"
,Recommended,394510,19789203,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Conman,Remember your training and you will make it out alive!
76561198145123105,Recommended,394510,19838462,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,╠4th╣ Marksman | Vanclâd,"Do you see that 41 hours of gameplay on my steam? I have, like, 40 other games but this one, this freaking game is awesome. Basicly, you are a minion of democracy who tries to liberate BUGS, CYBORGS or THE CREEPY LASER MANIACS.You will kill your teammates accidentally most of time. You will realise that your turret is also your enemy. You will realize that if you don't rescue your friends, they won't rescue you too. When the tanks invade and you got stuck in the middle of map, you don't have ANY, literally ANYTHING as your friend except your wingman. 4 Of you, against the whole package of BUGS, THE ♥♥♥♥ING CYBORGS and LASER MANIACS. They will try to rip you apart, they will try to blaze you into the ground, they will try to blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you as you try to achieve objectives to liberate their planet.They will assault on cities of humanity, you will assault their homeplanet, and as a HELLDIVERYOU WILL DRINK SOME LIBER-TEA WITH BUGS5/7 Perfect score, would buy and play again."
,Recommended,394510,19936546,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Envision,spehhs marines
,Recommended,394510,19928538,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Broadsword,Verm's very first grenade he ever threw in the game killed me.10/10 for reminding you why you never trust that one friend with grenades. EVER.
,Recommended,394510,19639137,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ulrich Strudelberg,"One of the best co-op experiences I've ever had. Really really worth getting, especially when you have some friends to play with."
,Recommended,394510,19977519,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,"Helldivers is a hell of a game. That is, as long as you don't have a social anxiety problem. Much like Arrowhead Game Studios' last few games, Magicka and Gauntlet, Helldivers is best experienced with other players. The game takes place in a sci-fi universe similar to that of Starship Troopers with its focus on patriotism and civic duty. The Helldivers are tasked with spreading democracy throughout the galaxy primarily letting your bullets do the talking. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW.https://youtu.be/uEUVmDSYz0w"
76561198053877292,Recommended,394510,19955571,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BanditCorp,DEMOCRACY!!!!
76561198121358197,Recommended,394510,31052140,Posted: 9 April,all,EnViOuS,It's a good game btw even though that I may not finish the mission I keep doing it because Democracy never sleeps and a cup of liber-tea can makes HELLDIVERS fight for double freedom :DSorry for bad english :(
,Recommended,394510,28946708,Posted: 2 January,all,Jaden,bought it when it was on sale for 12€ (complete pack) Totally worth the money! id have also payed the full price. a must-have for people who love coop based games which challenge you and your team.
76561198051907021,Recommended,394510,28745360,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nesquick,Very good game. Evan if you can play single the intent is for two to four players to cooperate on missions to enemy-controlled planets. Helldivers is a isometric squad-based sci-fi shooter. It's not story rich but you have a lot of equipment to unlock and many missions variations so fun is guaranteed.If you play Galactic Campaign and go offline (lost internet connection) your progress will not be saved (i write for PC version) so you must be online all the time to play this game.I would reccomend this game to everyone who like this type of game and who like co-op games. You will have a loots of fun! :)
76561198047640255,Recommended,394510,28779782,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,K C,"Brilliant game, but it has its cons.Let's get the cons out the way first.Cons:- I can't find my crosshair.- May get repetitive after a while.Mediocre:- Okay character customisation.Pros:- Runs smoothly. Stable 60fps no matter how crazy the scene gets.- Character animation and graphics are nice.- Addictive gameplay. 'I will just play 5 more minutes.'- Satisfying audio 'Brrrrt' #A-10- Easy-to-learn gameplay mechanics- Teamplay orientated (4 players co-op)- Lots to unlock, like.. a lot.- Nice varying options of upgrades (for both weapons and strategems)- Eases you into very challenging missionsSee you in hell.9/10"
,Recommended,394510,28790611,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rycanto,30 hours of gameplay and so far no one has told me to kill myself.11/10
,Recommended,394510,28916276,Posted: 1 January,all,Zadok_m,"Helldivers is one of the most intense game I've ever played, especially with other people. It's fun to play singleplayer but if you get a friend or two in there with you you're going to have so much more fun. Seriously the amount of times you stand there back to back shooting into crowds of enemies makes the game so tense and enjoyable, waiting for an opening to run to an objective or waiting for that last second for your extraction shuttle to show up.It's got similar gameplay to games like Magicka and maybe a little bit of Diablo. Top down, aim in the direction of your mouse or controller kind of thing where you just get to mow down enemies with your weapons and abilities. One of my favorite parts is the ability to call in airdrops of different supplies and weapons. You press a bunch of buttons in a different order in the middle of a firefight that could ressupply your ammo or give some sort of tactical support to give you the upper hand in a fight. This is also the way you respawn your teammates. You can use these airdrops to kill enemies (and teammates) as well. Speaking of which there is in fact friendly fire and if you're not careful you will either die a lot by your friends or kill a lot of your friends. Personally though I like it because it can add to the intensity and make it so you actually have to aim instead of just wailing into a crowd of bad guys.There is pretty much no story to this game aside from a little bit of backstory at the beginning. It gives you four different alien races to fight against, each with their own differen weapons and abilities. The game seems to have an almost infinite amount of missions to do as well and a lot of different objectives to cover. You would be able to play this game for a very long time.However some of the objectives do get a little bit repetitive and you sometimes see duplicates of them throughout different missions. The difficulty scaling seems a little bit broken as well; the higher the difficulty basically just means it adds more objectives to do just in a single mission as well as make enemies a lot harder. I feel like adding a repeating amount of certain objectives isn't much of a difficulty increase and more just make you take more time to do something. There are a couple objectives you get later in the game as well that don't really tell you how to do it. I remember there was one where you had to defuse bombs in a small zone but apparently they were underground. I had to fail the mission a couple times before I realized that it added a strategem for that specific mission that gives you a special item to find the bombs. I would've liked a bit more of that advice in the game instead of having to research and look through every single ability i had.Overall I think Helldivers is a solid game. I'm not sure how many kinds of missions there are so I don't know how long I'll last through the game but it's still really fun and especially worth it on sale. And it's so much better when you have people to play with. 8/10EDIT: Forgot to mention the soundtrack to this game is fantastic. Not sure if that's going to sway any opinions but it's something I really wanted to mention"
76561198041730617,Recommended,394510,28920897,Posted: 1 January,all,[Sexy] #TeamMesa Reborn,"Join the Helldivers today. Make the protection of your family a personal responsability and the preservation of our culture your full time job. Travel trough the galaxy expanding our way of life, our lenguage and our money. Protect your loved home from all the non-democratic aliens who wants to erradicate our freedom. Become the light of our people, the legend of our army, the guardian of our world. Go to your closest recruitment center and start creating your legend.Remember, democracy never dies, freedom never sleeps.For the glorious Super-Earth!"
,Recommended,394510,28947265,Posted: 2 January,all,Havel,good
76561198169040962,Recommended,394510,28580683,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,wait I can change this?!?,"Play this game! Do it for Democracy and Super Earth!Travel the galaxy seeing interesting sights and meeting interesting people, and then Liberate them!"
,Recommended,394510,21650538,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TJ McWeaksauce,"This is one of the best multiplayer games I've played.The game's harder difficulties really encourage team work, a basic understanding of the game's wide variety of weapon / gear options, and awareness of how the other players are equipped and what they're doing.  Yet, somehow, it does all this without being overwhelming or intimidating.  I learned enough to stop being a team-killing rookie within the first few hours of play.Another thing that anyone looking to buy this should know is this: even though single player is an option, it isn't really feasible beyond the easiest missions.  Because enemies can attack from anywhere, and because characters cannot turn around instantly, 3- or 4- person teams are required to effectively cover multiple angles.  This isn't like MAGICKA, another game developed by Arrowhead Game Studios.  I was able to solo much of MAGICKA.  But in HELLDIVERS, I got killed within a minute of trying a medium-difficulty mission.Thus far, I've had minimal experience with jerk randoms.  A majority of random players I've encountered have been helpful and skilled.  The downside of this game's multiplayer is, like any multiplayer, you're at the mercy of public game availability.  During peak hours, finding a game is easy.  But if you're like me and your friends don't play this game, and you have a hankering to play at 3am or something, you're out of luck because there won't be any public games up.Overall, I'm happy with this purchase, and I can see myself playing this game for a long while."
76561198060788677,Recommended,394510,31851752,Posted: 19 May,all,www.fb.me/BERUANGPUTIHGAMING,Really Fun to play with Friends~
,Recommended,394510,20114481,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Menel,"Incredibly fun game.Skip the DLC, DLC off the bat for weapons and game tools? F that, don't support it. Entirely playable without. Level 22, and kicking but on boss levels and helldives."
,Recommended,394510,19587520,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Exinjeru,"Good PC port, a year's worth of FREE and paid DLC brought over from the playstation release. All the paid DLC was created specifically with feedback from the community on what they wanted.A solid game, everything is procedural, so if you're looking for an in-depth campaign you're not going to get that. The good part of the game is the dynamic situations that can happen based on what equipment you have and what objectives you end up with, and the moment to moment events of the dynamic missions.The music is great, the controls are great, and the style of the game is great.It could get repetitive for some people. And your ability to play alone is limited to the easier difficulties unless you become very good at the game."
,Recommended,394510,19562044,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Reinskidoo,"Almost didn't come to work when I discovered this game. I understand that there's some stuff about DLCs. But this review is about the game, It's awesome and fun period."
,Recommended,394510,19562709,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CaptButtbeard,"Probably the second best game released this year (after Rocket League) in my opinion. Extremely addicting and deep gameplay mixed with tons of weapons, vehicles and equipment make for a fun experience whether you are playing alone or with others."
76561198208030403,Recommended,394510,33649442,Posted: 19 July,all,Humphrey,Very addictive. Don't usually go for top down shooters however helldivers is the most fun game I've played in a while. Give it a chance - you will loose sleep.
,Recommended,394510,30846416,Posted: 30 March,all,Col. Creamcheese,"Wanted this game for over a year and eventually got it in a sale but didn't play it because I thought I needed friends, oooooh was I wrong. The online community is great and incredibly active for a game like this that was released two years ago. While there are a limited number of objective types the environmental hazards and general insanity on each mission keeps the game fresh. Also, the higher difficulty levels are freaking hard so beating them feels very satisfying. This is also what keeps the trolls at bay. Killing your friends or random people online is only fun so many times, then you get sick of losing the mission and feel the need to actually start trying. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,394510,19567188,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Greyfox86uk,"A fantastic game. It's like Team America + Braveheart(freedom) + (Starship Troopers)2 = Lots of Team Killing, Mechs, explosives, epic tense battles, massively awesome co-op (PvE) and leveling/progression.Loving this game"
,Recommended,394510,19579949,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dr.Phil,Let's play!
76561198006690931,Recommended,394510,19570897,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,JTrill_TRAPGOD,"It's a fun twin-stick shooter. I think without friends it would be quite boring. However, it is fun to unlock new guns and throw lots of pods/upgrades on the map. The only thing I dislike so far is the fact that there are lava pockets that can kill you if you aren't quick to get out of the way. It's not necessarily a big deal, it's just a stupid feature that doesn't really do anything other than annoy you or kill you for not paying attention to your pathing."
,Recommended,394510,19573918,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,[(PI)] Wolvaras |NL|,Great co-op fun at a great price!
,Recommended,394510,28684105,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tearalum,"With great humor and even greater gameplay Helldivers offers me the chance to once in a while offer all the filthy aliens a great can of♥♥♥♥♥whooping with a hot drink of liber-tea. Bomb, shoot and squish everyone to managed democracy!Splendid.Good progression and easy to unlock most of the many items available."
,Recommended,394510,30396736,Posted: 8 March,all,vecima,"One of the few co-op games I keep coming back to.  My profile play-time is not high because I play it a lot at my buddy's place, and steam doesn't support multiple profiles in one game.  The controls are tight, the graphics are good and the setting / story is mildly humerous.  I probably wouldn't play it on my own, but 2-4 players is a great time."
,Recommended,394510,28708312,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Source of the Mist,"A buttery smooth twin-stick, space shooter with a very nice community of players (save for a tiny percentage of max-level players you might come across during your multiplayer adventures...).Learning curve, while steep at first, becomes much easier with each deployment.Sound design and art direction are top-notch.Sadly, there isn't any officially-backed modding support that I know of.Bottom Line: 9.5/10Consider, getting it on sale so DLC bundles might be grabbed also without putting a hole in your wallet. I purchased mine with all DLC included, which greatly enhances the experience."
76561198155714909,Recommended,394510,19500944,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ripn Hello,"loads of action, Action Packed, Brain Damage Yeagh! i played 6 hours and hit level 10 it was Easy, and that was day #1 and the menues are so smooth, between action its such a Nice Ui, almost perfect with a Xbone controller the keyboard still works for Seemless chat, and built in Halo stye teamspeak, Plays like Smash Tv, looks like Diablo, 4 man Halo Squaed powerd SUPER EARTH STARSHIP TROOPERS, online is Bumping Party boy Disco Lazer Lights @Wiki-Wub Wub Wubstep too Blow your Whole Load Raining Body Shots on Split Strung Young Tired Yolo Bottem Downtown San Fransico Holla at ya boy i got That Hung-9 you always wanted:rate 9 inchs out of Ten 9/10*"
76561198040394324,Recommended,394510,23882608,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,rulmeq,A highly replayable top down twin stick shooter. Easy drop in/out mechanics and the ability to mix local coop with online coop make for some great fun!
76561198011704498,Recommended,394510,19586899,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SovietCoffeeFox,"I kept getting kicked out because I dont have a mic, so Im very sad about that but I understand its due to teamplay oriented gameplay. But it was fun, love the graphics and unlocks and the whole idea of conquering areas of galaxy through missions. Only complaints I have is the camera is too close for my personal taste and sharing the same screen with teamates makes u stand on a ledge of the screen so u cannot really see that well around u.Get the game if u have a mic!"
76561198073684600,Recommended,394510,30509377,Posted: 14 March,all,Pandi The Panda,"Very Immersive, you feel like you are the person shooting dem aliens#Great Stick-Shooter"
,Recommended,394510,24791029,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mayoringram,Democracy has never been this sweet..
76561198048353220,Recommended,394510,19572681,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,𝓓𝓡𝓔𝓐𝓜 𝓕𝓔𝓔𝓣,"Beautifully crafted for a port. Straight off the bat, this PS3/4 port looks crisp, runs flawlessly, and controls amazingly. So far there isn't anything I can see wrong with the controls or the game itself. Took a longass time to release on PC, but it sure did make a difference. It also saddens me that nearly all of negative reviews are based on not knowing what the dlc does, compared to the game itself."
76561197996457533,Recommended,394510,19700509,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Moonbat,"Played this with my best friend until dawn.  I haven't been this in love with a game in so long.It's everything every major AAA disappointment of the past five years was supposed to be - for $20.  I would write a longer review, but I want to play more."
,Recommended,394510,22072989,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sleep,HOLYDIVERS
,Recommended,394510,28531331,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Akogishi,"One of my favorite cooperative twin stick shooters. Community is still active, is decent, and you can usually find a fun group who fit your play style. There are a good amount weapons and gear to upgrade to customize your Helldiver. Although helpful, the DLCs are not necessary. Deaths are often hilarious and some ""dives"" are just doomed from the start.  Definitely worth buying.Edit:Basically, there are four factions; bugs, cyborgs, Illuminati, and the humans. There is a galactic war of sorts and Helldivers are the human soldiers. This is YOU and up to three other comrades. You travel to different planets (swamp, snow, dessert, urban) and complete missions, or try to. Whoever is in charge of the ""dive"" (host), chooses the faction/location you are fighting, difficulty, and where each mission will start on each map. While completing missions, you are given the opportunity to collect ""science"". Ten science equals 1 coin. Coins are used to unlock weapon and equipment upgrades. Whether you complete missions or not, the most important part is to stay alive and to make it back to the ship. Some objectives are just not worth doing. Once a map is completed and a team is extracted; experience is gained, science added up to coins, and it all totals to some sort of gain towards the overall galactic war that never seems to end. After each dive you can spend coins for better equipment/weapons etc. Rinse and repeat... rinse and repeat. It is a lot of fun and the developers nailed it.A few pointers for new ""divers"":1. Try to stay with your team but watch fire lanes.2. Take out patrols before they sound the alarm.3. If the objective is going to get everyone killed, keep moving.4. Two players with launchers and ammo can destroy a lot of stuff very quickly with buddy reloading. USE IT!5. Wait for a good opportunity to call in equipment and such."
,Recommended,394510,21450558,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mars Attack,"As a player that likes to only play games that let me have short bursts of fun, I heartily recommend this game. The action is awesome, the missions are short, the level of challenge can be adjusted, and it offers a true sense of accomplishment, even if you only complete a couple of missions at a time.The game is about dystopic earth that is constantly at war with three alien races. Helldivers are commando units that accomplish short missions to advance in our fight for democracy on distant worlds. It can be to nuke a bug nest, reactivate a SAM site, defuse mines in a minefield, rescue some survivors. You get in, accomplish one or more objectives and get out. It can get repetitive if you spend hours of your day playing Helldiivers, but for people my age that have to do grown up stuff, it is perfect. The game reminds me of the old NES Guerrilla War, but this time you can kill your partner and ask for special equipment or artillery fire to be delivered wherever you want.Helldivers multiplayer is great. People are nice enough to let you ruin their game without being too rude. Yeah, sorry about that guys, but I´m a slow learner. However, the game is not hard to master, and you can serve of great support once you learn how to use stratagems and not to kill your friends.It lets you play cooperatively on your computer, which is a plus for me because I play with my GF and my kid without affecting the game of others. We have a blast with this game.It also runs smoothly without being too demanding on hardware, and it still looks awesome.I recommend this one for people who do not have the time to dedicate hours to a long campaign, and want to start killing stuff in the name of liberty within minutes. Some DLC are decent, the Terrain Specialist DLC is a must, do not whine about it not being included and just get it, you will need it."
,Recommended,394510,21352186,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MroTralisk,Fun game.  Been waiting for it to come to PC ever since I saw it on PS4.  This is what Alien Swarm would have turned into if Valve continued to work on the game. 9/10
76561197967346265,Recommended,394510,24271190,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Deja Vu,Definitely recommend for anyone that is a fan of top down shooters or Starship Troopers. It's not just a twin stick shooter either - strategy is definitely needed to beat the harder levels.
,Recommended,394510,20963840,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sir Cum-A-Lot,"A game in which entire premise is to horribly murder your friends by ""accident"" while pretending to spread diplomacy through superior firepower."
76561197967778193,Not Recommended,394510,30363780,Posted: 6 March,all,Grey,"This game looked interesting.I wish I could have experienced it.You see, the game itself goes by a principle of 'your game is affected by other people'. That is, there's a small galaxy map, and as people blast through the levels, they eventually get 'completed' (conquered) and then those levels are CLOSED OFF until the next 'round' (which resets everything).Each time I logged into the game to try to play it (about every 2-4 days), the 3000-4000 players that i kept seeing online had blasted through EVERYTHING and were at the final enemy homeworlds, thus locking me out of all of the other content. This happened 3 times in a row.I am not going to pay for a game that I cannot play unless I sit in front of my computer all day waiting for the game to roll over on a map restart. There are better built games out there than this."
,Recommended,394510,22860127,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,JHORDEE,"One of the best Coop-games I've ever played, if you like Alien Swarm, get Helldivers, it's like Alien Swarm, just with 200% more content."
76561198042026980,Recommended,394510,20295715,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Shift,"Though I may not be familiar with Arrowhead's works, but from what I heard, their games involves a lot of teamkilling. Especially Magicka.In Helldivers, there are a lot of ways you can get yourself and your teammates killed.Be warned, death is inevitable. You are basically diving into hell.All I can say about Helldivers is that it is a game where you can have a lot of laughs with your friends... For example3 friends and I just dropped into a mission, one of us purposefully deploys 2 sets of Anti-Tank Mines in the area as we were calling in our Equipment...Realising that there's mines in the immediate vicinity, we have to navigate around the Mines to retrieve our equipment.That friend started running around triggering the mines and it blew all of us up... except him.At the end of the mission, there are stats that the group can review.He had 5 accidentals...My verdict for Helldivers is a solid 7/10A very well made above average game that I would recommend to my friends. It has a lot of replayability, but the game gets repetitive quickly.All I'm saying is that you can take this game seriously, but half the fun is fooling around with your friends.Also, you should pay attention to the tips in the loading screens, they help."
,Recommended,394510,19551789,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Synarchyx,"All the possible equipment in a sci-fi shooter, in a simple top down Magicka style twin stick shooter. Mix of hardcore realism with fun and hilarious outcome in random generated missions.IMO best co-op game experience.Enlist to fight for Democracy for Super Earth!EDIT: You don't need DLC to enjoy the game and its best to play the game without using the DLC first."
76561197971489229,Recommended,394510,19662334,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Abra,"Oh, noble Emperor, what a great game. Rejoice, fellow Space Marines. This is a joyride thru the gates of hell.When you frag the ALIEN and burn the HERETIC COMMUNISTS, you are doing THE EMPERORS WORK!Prepare your Bolters and your Armor and fight for our humble goal of ruling thy Universe!Listen!It will be a hard hunt sometimes, but with our DEMOCRATIC BRO ARMY we shall smite the scum of the Galaxy.Some of you Gentleman might die, but with THE POWER OF THE DEMOCRATIC EMPEROR we are relentless!Keep on running!Keep on shooting!Keep on fighting!We shall make this Galaxy great again."
76561198171146322,Recommended,394510,19561720,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Steve_Taro,"I have been looking for the amazing game with a new game play. Helldivers answers the point that I'm waiting for. After L4D2, I have never been interested in any games because almost of the games are produced as FPS. When I saw Helldivers first time, I thought this game was gonna be dump like many games. However I started playing this game recently, I changed my mind immeditely. Game play and lever system are elaborate and attractive. You don't need to spend whole day to study what you should up for skill. I would say it is the great game in this month. Plz if you play it add me as your friend."
,Recommended,394510,19567863,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Salty Foxy Bees,"Bought it 9 hours ago. It's not bad at all. Some may argue it's P2W with the DLC. My response. You spent $20 on the damn game, now suddenly $3 is your life savings? You already had to pay for the game. The non DLC weapons are just fine, and the DLC wepaons have their drwabacks. . The community is pretty good, so if you get a ""DLC wallet warrior"" in your group, they are very likely to help you out. It's a co-op PVE and you all share the exp. Navigating the star map can be confusing at first, but peopel will explain it to you. I bought this on a whim, and I am glad I did. It's like Destiny meets WH40k, and the music reminds me of Jet Force Gemeni. Good stuff, buy it."
,Recommended,394510,19561658,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,mitspieler,"It's an ugly game, a BUG game!"
,Recommended,394510,19541399,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Leveuille,"This game is so dope once I started I didn't even want to quit.BTW I love ranking up, unlocking new gears, coop with other players, discovering new tactis and dying from times to times just to verify them, sticking together with team mates even they suck sometimes cuz we all suck sometimes especially in such dynamic and fast paced game play, and ofc, the last and the most important, spreading democracy liberty and prosperity.I gotta go and slay me some more enemy of super earth.Ciao."
,Recommended,394510,19561217,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Efra 'iRSX' Efendi,"This is for all you new people: I only have one rule. Everyone fights. No one quits. You don't do your job, I'll shoot you. Do you get me?BEST WAR 2015.. WILL DEPLOY AGAIN..10/10"
76561198064785884,Recommended,394510,19581196,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MOMO jeans BOY,"Addictive and Hillarious, anyone who likes this genre would love this game. just get it!"
76561198041080089,Recommended,394510,30402384,Posted: 8 March,all,Daddy Warbucks,Liber-Tea is part of my daily diet now.
76561198059924542,Recommended,394510,34217356,Posted: 13 August,all,Nukekid,"well i played this game for a couple of hour now.and its a damn good game.you can shoot alien bug and pretend you are a soldier under johny rico commands,or fighting terminator-like cyborg,destroying souless droid,or even shooting your fellow super earth soldier, in the name of democracy of course.i just hoped the developer keeps on updating theese and not abandonning the player :)ah and sorry for the bad english, i tried my best not to confuse my reader"
,Recommended,394510,23811648,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CoreX64,"The only flaw of this game is that you don't have friends to play with. No matter how hard you try convince them to buy the game, they won't, they either stick playing DOTA2 or Tree of Savior.The good news is, however, you can find online friends in the game, cuz there're 1000+ players in the online sessions.So far so good, no curses from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players like we got in DOTA2,I'll come write more of it later. No promise, though."
,Recommended,394510,34484924,Posted: 25 August,all,Papawash,Awesome COOP system. Awesome gameplay.
,Recommended,394510,30419554,Posted: 9 March,all,Nesano,"Note: This review is based on lone wolf gameplay using gear from the Ranger pack.Helldivers is a twin stick shooter originally released for playstation, then later that year ported over to PC. As a result, it is a game that was designed with console in mind. Thankfully, the PC port is great, as I use keyboard and mouse and love mostly every minute of it.When you first get into Helldivers — with the exception of the tutorial, of course — you are on your ship. From your ship, you can use the Galactic Campaign screen, where you launch missions from; the Armory, where you upgrade your gear; and the Encyclopedia, where you'll find information on enemy types you've encountered. The Encyclopedia doesn't really tell you anything you don't already know. You can also talk to your crewmembers, but they're even less useful than the Encyclopedia and are mainly just there for flavor. This part of the game is much like Warframe.As mentioned, you launch missions from the Galactic Campaign screen. This is the part of the game that feels a bit like Planetside 2. The map is separated into thirds. One third is the front against the bugs, one third is the front against the cyborgs, and one third is the front against the illuminate. Each faction has their own types of units, so you'll have to use different tactics for each one. Once you select a faction, you're given a selection of 12 planets, one for each difficulty level (difficulty goes from 1 go 12.) Fret not, for when you complete a planet on difficulty 3, for example, it will be replaced with another planet of the same difficulty. There is also a boss planet that you can assault if you gain enough influence (Influence is gained by conquering planets as mentioned.) On this map, the community is working together to complete missions, push the enemy back to its homeworld, and eventually win the war. The enemies are periodically pushing towards our homeworld as well. I don't know what happens when the war is won or lost, but I don't think it really matters that much.Your lobby settings can be set to Private, Friends, or Public. On Public, any player in the game can see your in-progress game and join in. You may be thinking, ""Uh oh, griefers."" but I haven't seen a single griefer so far, so I wouldn't worry about that. What I will tell you to worry about is being crushed by a player when he joins in because they drop out of the sky in hellpods. If you set it to Private, joining your game is impossible, even if you deploy an SOS beacon, which apparently makes people more likely to join your game.Now to get into the actual gameplay.Gameplay in Helldivers is a LOT like Alien Swarm, which is free, so if you want to get an idea how the game looks and feels, Alien Swarm can give you a general idea. The way missions are handled in this game is AMAZING. I've never experienced anything like it before. The way it works is, you are dropped onto the planet you selected, you have a few objectives you need to take care of, and the enemy doesn't know you're there. Each map is procedurally generated, which adds replayability. You select the place in which you'll drop, and the further from the objectives you drop, the less patrols you'll encounter. That said, you'll want to drop far from the objectives, especially on hard missions, so that you'll have time to deploy your strategems. Strategems are support you can call in while you're on the ground. These are called in by holding CTRL, entering a code, and throwing a beacon to designate the drop zone. You can bring up to 4 strategems with you. For example, my standard loadout is Resupply, Humblebee UAV drone, LIFT-850 Jump Pack, and EAT-17.Here'sspecific information on each strategem. I mentioned the fact that the enemy doesn't know you're there, well this game has a bit of a stealth mechanic. As mentioned, the mission area has patrols. Patrols are generally pretty easy to avoid if you're either by yourself or with a good group, but they're also pretty easy to kill before they can call for help. The stealth mechanic in the game goes as far as not alerting patrols, which is pretty fulfilling in its own right. If a patrol calls for help, the alarm doesn't last the entire mission, it only results in a short — but generally annoying — confrontation with enemy reinforcements.The general theme of the game is hilarious. It's basically a spoof of the ""Freedom, democracy, kill dirty commies"" trope. I mean, your home planet is Super Earth. One of the loading screen tips will tell you to report your neighbor if they lift because that is suspicious behavior and they could be a cyborg. You'll often find your character yelling things like, ""HOW ABOUT A NICE CUP OF LIBERTY?!"" and ""FREEEDOOOOOOOOOOM!"" when killing aliens. It's pretty hysterical.Now to get into the problems with the game.Helldivers is a great game. It does what it does very well and the following are mainly just knitpicks. The game's multiplayer features a shared camera, which means that your entire squad of up to four people are on the same screen, like in Magicka (Made by the same developer). This is great in that it forces the squad to stick together, however, this is also terrible in that you'll find yourself being spotted by patrols that you can't see despite them being practically in melee range. It's good that the squad can't separate, but it's terrible that your view distance suffers as a result.The other problem I have with the game is that there is a good amount of weapons and equipment behind a pay wall in the form of DLC packs. It didn't concern me, because I got the Ranger pack and that had pretty much everything I wanted (Sniper rifle, UAV, and the Ranger outfit). The thing is, even though I would have probably gotten the pack just for the Ranger outfit, the sniper rifle and the UAV should be in the base game. I mean, that sniper is pretty much the only genuine sniper rifle in the game. The only other weapons in the sniper section of the weapons menu is a WW2 weapon and a got damn rail gun. Also, the UAV is too damn useful to be behind a pay wall. The UAV dramatically increases your sensor range and can be upgraded to detect objectives andsamples, the latter of which are very valuable.Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go bring democracy to the alien scum."
76561198006569746,Recommended,394510,20053511,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,!|  Xen,Yes.
,Recommended,394510,25520437,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,V3RTIGO,"I bought this game cross-buy on the Sony platforms, and again on PC.My reasons?Simple:You can kill your friends for funYou can kill aliens for funYou can kill yourself for funDeath has never been this exciting ladies and gents, so put on your capes and fight for LIBERTY!(hint: get the DLC on sale ALWAYS)"
76561198080465018,Recommended,394510,19580253,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Old_Starlight,索尼大法好!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,394510,19557455,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NEWater,"""We have reason to believe the Illuminates [totally not Iraq] have Weapons of Mass Destruction, capable of destroying entire planets"" stated house representative Powley Colle [not Colin Powell]. ""Every statement I make today is backed up by reliable sources.""10/10 My sides are in orbit."
,Recommended,394510,19570280,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Xero,"First, to those thinking that this game is a giant cash grab due to the DLC, IT IS NOT. This game has been out on the Playstation 4 for 10 months now, and the devs have been getting feedback from the community on what they wanted in the game, and have added it.For me, I only purchased the base game and still have a blast with it, and I suggest you do the same until you have a grasp for the game, and understand what YOU would want added to it, and see if that is in the DLC. I already have 31 hours into it, and still have a lot to explore. The best way to describe this game is that you pod drop into a map as strangers, and come out as brothers. The difficulty can get very real later on down the road. However, with the correct amount of skill and correct load out choices even the most difficult of missions can become trivial.If you are looking for a GREAT Co-Op game that has you fighting tooth to nail, is extremely hectic, and that will always have you on your toes then this is the only game I could reccomend for that. All of that with a very nice progressive upgrading system that doesn't go easy on you. You get 1 research point per level-up which is nice to start off with, but once you hit level 15 the experience gain won't keep you afloat on everything that you'll be unlocking that you want to try out. In turn, the devs have added ""Samples"" which, after you collect 10, will net you a research point to upgrade your equipment. These samples can be found scattered around the map and offer a risk-reward type of system for exploring the zones.The graphics hit home with the aesthetic, the game doesn't take itself too seriously with some light-hearted puns. You aren't going to be thinking by the end of the day how you wish you could have that cool DLC item that Random Shmoe had, you're going to be thinking about that time where he called down a Mech that landed on a friendly that wasn't paying attention, or him falling down the same hole TWICE in the same mission because it wasn't apparent, or running away for your dear life from an army of Cyborgs, or even that time you got that sweet revive off just as you were the last person to be killed, reviving all four of you.This game you play for the experience, and my experience has been nothing but positive even with just the base game.Pros:- Great Co-Op- Hilarity in Deaths- Good leveling up system- Wide variety of equipment- Excellent difficulty curveCons:- Difficulty eventually becomes trivial (For high skilled players with the correct load-out)- Forced to play Multiplayer for most of the unlocks"
,Recommended,394510,23011910,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SD-[Inc],"This game keeps getting better and better.  Been playing for months and I can't put it down.  There are plenty of great touches that make the game a classic.  I love the overall campy/Starship Troopers feel to the game.  But, instead of just bugs you also have to fight the technology of the Illuminate and the gun-toting armor of the Cyborgs.  It is a war against 3 races in a number of interesting environments (forest, snow, desert, and volcanic).  You play the game as a team of up to 4 players.  Your mission is to complete several multi-objective missions in order to secure a planet and help all Helldivers gain a foothold against each of the enemy races in an overall war.   If the community neglects any one race, it could quickly overcome Super Earth and the war is lost.  But drive forward through multiple systems and the Helldivers can conquer the home planet of any of the races and knock them out of the war.  Knock all 3 races out and the war is won.  Along the way, your player gains experience and unlock stratagems and weapons.   Stratagems can be called down throughout the battle.  They can provide support or devastating attacks.  But calling down a stratagem is no simple tasks as you need to complete a series of up-down-left-right key combinations to call it.  This means taking your eye off the battle with possible fatal results.  Losing focus isn’t the only way to die.  Your teammates can accidently shoot you, a drop pod can land on your head, a volcano can dump its lava all over you, or you could fall off the edge into many of the bottomless pits on many maps.  At times there seems like a 100 different ways to die.  This can be tough on players new to the game.  But, this is indeed where the real challenge lies.  There is nothing more satisfying than a perfect Hell Dive accomplished with an experienced team.  The community has been great.  A game like this lives or dies based on the number of in-game idiots.  But, my experience has been very positive.  I’ve added more Steam friends playing this game than any other in the last 5 years.  Finally, the graphics themselves are plenty adequate for this type of game.  But the sound quality is EXCELLENT.  Environmental sounds and weapons fire are extremely well done.  The cinematic score does an excellent job of building up the excitement when the action is hot.  I don’t ever remember a game where the musical score did such a seamless job of building suspense and excitement.  This game tastes better than a “cup of LiberTea!!”.  Don’t miss it!!"
,Recommended,394510,19518918,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Feindfeuer,"This is one of the Titles that made me contemplate getting a Console again when it was first released, but now we got a PC port, and a good one at that. The Resolution can be customized to whatever you need, the framerate seems good and the controlls are perfectly adjusted to be used with mouse and keyboard now.This is Magicka 40.000 - Starship Troopers Edition; you get the franktic, team-killing heavy co-op experience of Magicka set in a star ship troopers (movies, not the books) inspired future rounded up with the magicka typical humour. Of course there is no magic and spell mixing, instead the frantic button pressing comes from interaction with objectives and calling in support drops (which you'll be doing a lot), those are done with WASD input string.Unlike Magicka, you don't get a story campaign; instead you liberate planets by going on procedural generated missions to help the overall war effort; securing victory for Super Earth over the two alien and one heretic faction. The victories and failures of every Helldiver is collected and applied to the online campaign map with special siege and assault missions getting unlocked as the Players lose or gain supremacy over a system and either push forward towards the alien homworld or get pushed back towards Super Earth. Once every Enemy homeworld is destroyed the war is one, and you get a victory cutscene and a trophy, or Super Earth falls and you lose and you don't deserve nothing for that.There is a progression system. For each mission you gain XP to level up your alter ego, unlocking new weapons, perks and visual customization in form of armor parts. You also gain new Strategems (call downs) by liberating planet and you can further upgrade all those weapons and strategems by using research points you gain from leveling up or collecting scraps of research related stuff during missions.BUT there are some things that people might not like:- turning isn't instant, your turning speed depends on the weapon (or vehicle) you're using and if you're currently firing a weapon and what weapon. Some people dislike this sometimes sluggish feel, but I like it as a way to differentiate weapons and balance some of the heavy toys- you'll die a lot, and sometimes your teammates will be at fault or, even worse, you yourself screwed up. Some people get easily frustrated by stuff like that and this game is certainly not for them.- calling in Strategems and interacting with objectives can feel like a QTE, especially if you're doing it while a hoard of bugs is charging you and your team is all lying dead on the floor. For me (and only in this case) those add tension and challenge to the whole situation, others just get annoyed by that so be warned."
76561198135338297,Recommended,394510,19596946,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,fort,Game made me realize how much I like twirling around in a fabulous cape.9/10... only because it doesn't have gwent.
76561197985900743,Not Recommended,394510,30317139,Posted: 4 March,all,daster771,Fun little game. Like Alien Swarm wich is free but do not have many players left.I do not like the global progression system.From my point of view :Day 1 : Only the main world of the illuminate is left.Day 2 : Log in and ... Victory! End credits. (well that was something...)At least everything will be restarted... oh already 60% illuminate completed and only their faction is available.
76561198080728842,Recommended,394510,23447942,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,M. Corleone,"Awseome game to play with friends or join some randoms to play online, pretty fun how you can manage a lot of teamkills, accidentals of course. If you want to pick it in a steam offer do it, but buy the full package don't buy the game only, because the stuff you get from few more bucks it worths."
76561198005720127,Recommended,394510,19622983,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,darkR4V3N,"A really cool game with potential for epic missions. Lots of weapons and equipment to unluck, equip and upgrade. The only downside is the somewhat lackluster number of objectives. This is however very often counter-balanced by the frenzied fighting to secure those objectives, which is where the game shines the most.Also, I'd advise getting the Deluxe Edition. It contains all DLC, basically providing 1-2 weapon and equipment each, some of which is really helpful, as well as additional comestic upgrades."
76561198075942705,Recommended,394510,19493548,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,The OG,I only have one problem. Where are the dlc that I purchaced?
,Recommended,394510,19703000,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Commissar1032,Starship Troopers meets George Bush's post 9/11 America but instead of a war on terror its a war on all...
,Recommended,394510,28286222,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Exostenza,"Fantasitc couch co-op game. I haven't played single player nor have I played multiplayer with people online. What I can tell you is that this game is fantastic, frantic fun playing with a few buddies sitting on the couch with a nice HDTV. If you like twin stick shooters with progression this is a fantastic choice. I got it on a huge sale, It was $15 CAD for the game and all the DLC and am absolutely loving it. SO much shooter meyhem and tons of customization options to be able to make the perfect character suited to your play style. Highly recommended.7.5/10"
76561198020781657,Recommended,394510,23277501,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mist of Majora,"One of the best and most under-rated Co-op games I've seen on Steam.  Worth every penny even at full price - just make sure you buy the dlc with all terrain boots as well.  The community base does seem to have died down a bit (there's stil plenty of people playing though), so it gets even better with friends!!!"
,Recommended,394510,29916339,Posted: 14 February,all,Michael Action,"Insanely fun and difficult, 10/10 will kill my friends again with friendly fire. You will aswell, trust me, I know stuff."
76561198019550271,Not Recommended,394510,30530359,Posted: 15 March,all,obstructor,"I quite like this game but:  I hate that there is no offline campaign mode for this game.Why?- Your actions mean nothing, the 'community' is what conquers the galaxy.- You can't fight certain races if they aren't in the campaign or they are already conquered.- You can't fight on the planets you want if it happens to be on the homeworld.- Homeworlds only give xp not the upgrades you need.- You will log in one day and ""You Win!"" What?  I didn't do crap.- You will miss most the events as the 'community' conquers half the galaxy in a few hours and then fails to hold anything for the next 3 days.I guess some of these can be solved by: unplugging the internet and deleting the save files from your computer before you play helldivers.  That seems a little extreme an option for I ""just want to play a local galactic campaign instead of the global one."""
76561198115369194,Recommended,394510,30255112,Posted: 28 February,all,Dr.ArousedNipples,"This game is f**king great.This game is for sure the best top down twin-stick shooter on the market today. We need more f**king games like this. I thrive for a ♥♥♥♥ing d**k for this game.This game is not going to hold your hand each step of the way like a ♥♥♥♥ing toddler. This game is so damn hardcore it feels like being on abuseteens18. It is so ♥♥♥♥ing brutal that it gives no damn about you or your friends. The game gives no mercy to the weak or the strong and that is one of the reasons this game does so well, It's difficulty. It's adrenaline pumping, sweat inducing, exciting, stressful, you name it, its got it.It starts off as a basic marine with basic weapons (Which are still good, mind you) on it's way to defend Earth from three different factions (Aliens/Cyborgs/Illumanti). And from there it's all you, whichever planet system you want to go to out of the three go ahead, play solo, play with friends, it's all there.One of the gameplay elements is when on the battlefield you can call in a ""stratgem"", there stratgems offer assist when on the field (Airstrikes/Mechs/Mines/Mini-Nuke/Ammunition/VariousofGuns/Vehicles/Etc). The game doesn't give you these for no reason and to ♥♥♥♥ around with (only sometimes, haha). These are given for the sole purpose to wipe out any ♥♥♥♥ing opposition to Super Earth.I strongly emphasized that this game should not be taken as a joke and it's so damn brutal. Just for example, when you order a stratgem (I.E- Stratgems come down in mini-shuttles [Like in Halo:ODST]) and it comes falling down, if you get under the simple shadow of it, it will kill you. That can go exactly if you get near the LZ when the extract ship comes down (See trailer). Friendly-fire has to be one of the most frustrating and brutal elements in the game. When you have a HUGE F**KING TANK MOTHERF**KER SPRINTING AT YOUR TEAM WITH A THRIST OF BLOOD AND 30-50 LITTLE SH*TS AS WELL AND YOUR TEAMMATE ♥♥♥♥ING SHOOTS ONCE, ONCE MIND YOU AND YOU GO DOWN AS BAIT AS HELL AWAITS FOR YOU, Can be very frustrating and depressing.TL;DR- Nice hardcore top down twin-stick shooter. Adrealine rushing, Cursing Assure, Gut-Grenching, Sweat-Indusing, and Democracy/Liberty assured as well. Great game to play with friends/strangers (4-Player COOP & Solo). Frustrating and hatred (in a good way of how difficult it is) just playing it. If you really like hardcore top down shooters get this game now."
76561198063210675,Recommended,394510,22805471,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,K',"／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) do you even lift?　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡ﾉ..Demolish the dumb Super Earth citizens and Make Cyberstan Great Again!"
76561198237053180,Recommended,394510,30606881,Posted: 18 March,all,BDWayne,The game is really amazing but for some reason its starts crashing and makes a loud screech.
,Recommended,394510,19553768,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,¹Łoνє Kñives,Great game. Alien Swarm meets magika
76561197981588125,Recommended,394510,19550400,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Te_Master,"When everyone is dead except you, and you crawl on ground to rescue shuttle ,shooting back with pistol where swarm of bugs rushing towards you and made it and... just get the game ok"
,Recommended,394510,19515763,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,HonoluluBoy,Game is GUD!Diablo meets Gauntlet meets Starship Troopers!
,Recommended,394510,19587126,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Tomak The Bus Driver,"This game is actually really good. I hadn't heard of this game whatsoever until one day before it came out, but I was bored so I just bought it. Man what a gem though, a team based game that does not hold your hand, its hard but satisfying when you do well.This game requires teamwork in order to do well, I have found that the majority of the community are quite good at the game though, and just jumping into a random game ends quite well usually.Customization is great, there is a leveling system with unlocks, and you get points to upgrade your gear. I won't lie though, the best gear is dlc only, and I have found for the harder missions, I don't think I could have gotten through with just the vanilla gear. THe dlc's are generalyl good priced I would say, adn there already is a lot of them.THe only negatives I have to say about the game is it is slightly buggy, but not enough that it takes away from the game so much. Things like a drop pod landing near me but it killing me anyway.This game is great, I really do reccomend it, I also roccomend just going for the deluxe edition if you plan on playing this a lot. Im about 16 hours in and I still love it."
,Recommended,394510,19557515,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kurogami,Majicka and Starship Troopers had a baby.
,Recommended,394510,21691569,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,KnowledgeableAnt,"This game provided me and my friends a great time. HOWEVER, I only recommend this game if you have people to play it with, either online or locally. Otherwise, it's not worth it. Great fun though. Wait for a sale."
76561197960535857,Recommended,394510,19600763,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,RapZack,"Fun, intense and fast gameplay.Overall a decent game BUT!Aiming on the PC is uncomfortable to say the least, Unlesss you use a controller.Half of the total amount of items and stratagems in the game are acquired by paying up front.Atleast 1 Stratagem is no longer available and can only be obtained by pre-odering the game.Alot of the DLC vehicles and weapons are simply cooler than the unlockable items.You will enjoy Helldivers IF you can accept the paywall!"
76561198041099372,Recommended,394510,19704181,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,VainGloryBe,"If you ever wanted to feel like a mix between an ODST from Halo and a Mobile Infantryman from Starship Troopers, look no further.No game makes me feel more like a commando."
,Recommended,394510,19508272,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,cajun_kev,"Excellent example of what a twin stick shooter should be. I love the fact I can play local co-op with my buddies and also have random people join in. I would say this is a must have for any game library and even though I own an extensive steam game collection this seems in one day to take priority of anything else I own. Excellent port from PS4, I purchased the deluxe edition and highly reccomend others join into the fray. FOR DEMOCRACY!!!"
76561198022585340,Recommended,394510,23992491,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KillsForThrills,"Tons of fun for the first 40 hours, after that point it became a little repetivie. Recomend playing with friends."
,Recommended,394510,20981308,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hellhound,"Arrowhead Game Studios have delivered another very good game.I already played Gauntlet and enjoy that game a lot.This game is pretty challenging! It looks really nice and the gameplay is very good!I buyed the deluxe edition, and I don't regret it."
,Recommended,394510,29387429,Posted: 20 January,all,HunterXCooL,This game needs a lot of improvement to be made...First of all the games becomes too easy in the late game... we need improvement on bug and illuminate being too easy... easy as the scout can be killed too easily and the games just become finishing quest without fighting at all... It's boring...We need new enemies and maybe new difficulty to make this game much more interestingOverall this is a good teamplay game... U need to play with friend to get the most of the best experience...
76561198055749252,Recommended,394510,27899097,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Viss,game is obviously designed as MULTIPLAYER and should have had removed single-player from its description because it is almost unplayable for single person
,Recommended,394510,19555122,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SirusTheMadDJ,"Basically a SciFi B-movie take on the Magicka system. Get 2 to 4 players on the same screen, have no friendly fire protection, then have practically every action capable of killing your own team-mates.The enemy types are different enough from each over to make things interesting, and there's a novel take on the campaign map screen that does hammer home the feeling of being in an ""elite"" army ""fighting against hostile invaders"" that ""threaten"" Super Earth.And yes, the Starship Troopers style mockery of the action is funny, if it does get a little grating after a while. There's only so many times you can snicker at deploying a ""Truth Trainsmitter"" and knowing full well it's a mind control device.As for the weapons, there's a fairly good spread of the standard fair. The DLCs does add to the pool with some intriging takes on the base loudout, but certainly not as ""game-changing"" as the forums are currently alight with. But I digress.Multplayer runs fairly well. There's a tech in game that can bump you up the matchmaking list if you badly need another Helldiver to deploy to the squad, but finding the time to do this mid-mission when you're better off focusing on actually staying alive is a tad tricky. Aside from that, Arrowhead's love of not allowing players to hide behind turning off friendly fire brings it's usual bundle of backstabbing, accidental or otherwise, as well as all the wonderful ways to troll the party. For those that might be concerned by this, there's a rep system which will allow the more ""helpful"" players to find eachother, as well as a kick system. Of course, there's also the option to limit the Lobby to Friends only or to a Private session as wellSolo play isn't that ideal, but it is possible. Basically you're automatically respawn upon death, but only once at the start, then another chance is added upon completing an objective. It's certainly less enjoyable than dodging your team-mates fire as well as your own turrets and the enemy, but it's there for those that want it.Overal I've been enjoying my time with it. The only real change I'd like to see is more of a warning when dropping large vehicles down to avoid ""accidentally"" dropping another pod on top of it. Granted that might remove some of the fun, but it's a tad disheartening when a badly placed ammo drop is timed beautifully to explode that APC you were putting your hopes on.That, or I guess we can Get Gud, right? d=)"
,Recommended,394510,21578182,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ramo,"Alien Swarm done well!Randomly generated maps, strong progression systems, interesting hooks to keep players involved, and lots of cool mechanics to master. Thank you for giving me something worth playing!"
76561198027506023,Recommended,394510,19509817,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Guardian,"Have you ever wanted a starship troopers game? Ever wished Alien Swam had been more than one level? Or that ""The Red Soltice"" wasn't so disappointing? Then you need to pick up HELLDIVERS. It has all the fun of magica but with less worry about perfect key combos every 3 seconds and more thought about tactical play.10/10 in my book so far."
,Recommended,394510,19543171,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NexAngelus *Fortnight*,starship troopers ;) its so much fun. try not to kill each other to much though. and if you join me try not to land on top of my mech! :P
,Recommended,394510,19496710,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Vandre,Alien Swarm + Starship Truppen + 40k Weapons + Filthy Xenos.Best little gem that not many have heard about.Also Super Earth.Worth it.
76561197991527543,Recommended,394510,19595670,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Max Kadmus,Feels like I just joined the Imperial Guard! Enlist today!
,Recommended,394510,27904558,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GambitHollow,Quite a good game
76561198032899923,Recommended,394510,19640749,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheIronDruid,"Strangely addictive, is how I'd sum up the game in two words, for me at any rate.Definitely a ""party"" game to be played with friends but definitely serviceable as a ""single-player"" experience with you being able to drop in on the public games of others playing around the world. If you have a broad group of friends who enjoy this kind of game then I wholeheartedly endorse this as the perfect game for you.It has a sort of depth, in terms of the Weapons, Perks and Strategems - unlocked by levelling up in some cases, completing a series of planetary missions or, in the case of weapons and such, using Research Points to unlock upgrades.The only down side is that you could get right to the end of a mission only to find that you get kicked back to the main menu from connection issues, making it all for naught and effectively wasting 5+ minutes of your gaming time.All that said, I will continue to play and look forward to friends buying the game and playing with them and I think that you'll find the same sense of enjoyment."
,Recommended,394510,24596499,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SonOfSkyrim22,"This is one of the most fun and challenging co-op arcade style games I've ever played. If you're a fan of Gauntlet and Dungeon Siege, and you want to step it up, Helldivers is the game for you."
76561198004443943,Recommended,394510,21018210,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Brown Cow,Great with 4 players
,Recommended,394510,19538326,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,El Sofa Fuerte,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing neat game. When you first play the game you will wonder ""Where are all the enemies"" and after you hit rank 4 or 5 you will join level 7+ games and get mauled to death by bugs or dogs, and get killed by friendly minigun turrets.Would you like to know more?"
76561198043710637,Recommended,394510,19496863,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,doctorkickass,Fun co-op play. Never forget those moments where someone tosses a grenade by accident and everyone scatters.
76561197968386853,Recommended,394510,19543614,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TheTwerp,"A great game that captures the essence of Star Ship Troopers and big action movies.Would you like to know more?I picked this up after playing a little on the PS3 and despite worries of a bad port have found my new favourte chill out game. At least I thought I did till I got more in depth with the missions and stratagems. This is a game that can be both casual and deliciously hardcore.If you are not attentive you can trip over a friendly players mines, get stomped by a mech, get shot in the back by someone not looking, so on and so forth. The only tips I can give is try not to get angry at Teamkilling.Its going to happen a lot.The game is essentially a group of mini-missions that can be completed with freinds or alone to conquer a planet for the glory of super earth. You must attack, defend, escort a series of objectives on a mission and then extract. The fun comes in the powers availble such as airstrikes and deployable turrets. All of these have big boom firepower that can devastate your enemies and your freinds.Whilst playing alone is a bit of a poorer experiance it is possible and can be a quick bout of fun but the real deal is doing the higher tier missions with a full team set for extreme combat.I cannot recommed this game enough for the price and the fun factors with friends."
,Recommended,394510,20499326,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,The Flimsy Fox,Its an incredibly fun twin stick shooter. It requires more than spraying bullets in every direction. It requires strategy and team work for the upper teir missions. The learning curve isn't too steep. Anyone can pick up a controller and enjoy themselves. Using a controller is highly recommended.The only complaint is that sometimes the connection cuts out for no reason every once in a while.
,Recommended,394510,20885740,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DigitalVulpine,Easily the best top-down shooter I've played since Alien Swarm.  It's the Starship Troopers game I've always wanted and never got.Liberty/10
76561198070004093,Recommended,394510,21249335,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,AceTrooper,"AWESOME GAME, i love this game, it is challenging, you REALLY need to work as a team in order to achieve victories, really fun and funny to play. 11/10"
,Recommended,394510,24981785,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Phirexon,"Super fun game to play with friends, but with serious server problems, it's hard to make online all the missions in a planet without being kicked out for no reason."
76561198144175905,Recommended,394510,21248643,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,KicherKeks,This is the best Starship Troopers like feeling game I have ever played and so far enjoyed very much.I never had so much fun being randomly killed.The game itself is just fantastic and lives from skill and teamwork.That being said is what can ruin the fun: bad teamwork.The only thing I start missing is some late game content. After level 25 of 50 there is nothing more to achieve. And just grinding XP for XPs sake is not that enjoyable in the very long run.But the game still makes fun to play and I will thoroughly enjoy it while it lasts.Maybe we can hope for some DLC with a new enemy or maps or new achievements or even better all of those.
,Recommended,394510,19931724,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,My name is not important,"I would love this to be cross-platform.I hate that a third of the unlockable content can be locked if the assault against the enemy homeworld is started.I love the hijinx and shenanigans that happen spontaneously as you play.I hate that one person can derail what you're doing if he's obstinate enough.I love the tech tree and unlocks.All things considered, I don't regret my purchase one bit."
76561197987612212,Recommended,394510,19927532,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,(HKM)Atomic Amish,Friendly fire filled starship troopers universe? Yes please.
,Recommended,394510,22031527,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jovanis,+ Intense game+ Great for co-op+ Light and impressive graphics+ Light software+ High Interaction- It needs more scalability.
76561198023322903,Recommended,394510,19558244,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MaximumPowerGamer,"Helldivers!Simply Fantastic!This recently released single player and 2-4 player co-op shooter from Arrowhead Game Studios is simply great fun!To see Helldivers Beta First look, click here:https://youtu.be/nlTjcxQU5KE"
,Recommended,394510,19551562,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ghostbroker,"This game is a twin sticks shooter similar to Alien Swarm, albeit with much better graphics and gameplay. Friendly fire is on, so you need to be mindful of where you're firing, tossing grenandes, and calling in your air support and drops. It's entirely feasible for your entire team to be killed if they are standing under the extraction zone when the dropship comes flying in... and it happens more often than you might think if you're not mindful.As a console port, it works very well out of the box. I play with m+kb and haven't had any issues with the controls. They are intuitive and work flawlessly. Ingame VOIP works better than most other games I've used it in. Weapon types so far seem pretty varied, and there are many ingame costumes and different types of support you can call in.Overall, HELLDIVERS is a fun game. You can go at it alone, with friends, or with randoms. If you find a good team, you will have loads of fun waging war for Super Earth!"
,Recommended,394510,21165376,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ephemeral,This game have all kinds and ways of killing your friend (and yourself) and still revive them to do some more.Recommended.Pros:-Addictive-The stratagems are awesome-The stratagems' arrival looks cool-Great graphics-Global effort achieving one goal-very fun coop gameExtra opinion:-Great game to kill your friends-Every SINGLE thing in this game is DANGEROUS (even extraction shuttle can kill you)-audition's mini game-my GOD! mechs XD
76561198097153176,Recommended,394510,23909328,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Quizno the Russian Refugee,"9/10 Would RecommendGreat game but the DLC is kinda annoying but understandable.Play while listening to ""It's a good day to die""."
,Recommended,394510,24467423,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Aexenotheist,"10/10   *Absolutely fantastic game, with a great mix of strategy and explosive action. Recommended for all those who dare enjoy strategy or democracy!"
,Recommended,394510,24346029,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Q(F)M,"This game is fun!While going solo is straight non-sense, playing it with friends in local multiplayer is great fun.I've been playing it on a friend's ps4 and then bought it, playing it over the internet with random players is fun. Vocal chat is good enough and people are there just to have fun ^_^Did I say this game is F U N ?"
76561198047004397,Recommended,394510,20985624,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Maxstokes,"Pretty good, gameplay is simple yet dynamic enough to keep you interested no matter how much time you have already put into it.I played on a controller which felt better than mouse and keyboard.Fun party game, DLC make it more interesting and cut down on dificulty a bit, but not as much as having friends to play with."
,Recommended,394510,24446253,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,"It's a twinstick shooter that strives as a co-op adventure on the cheap. The campaign is a bunch of stirke missions that play very similar. The fun is not in the game mechanics, but the cooperative elements. Grabbing this game on sale was a good choice."
76561198100944461,Recommended,394510,24699108,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr. Jitters,if you don't have this game buy it. for you own good.
76561198008837866,Recommended,394510,22342612,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,richiy283,awsome game might eat alot of your time if you let it great value for the price
76561198064584111,Recommended,394510,19728429,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hello I am MAD.,"Possibly the best twin-stick shooter I've played. The sci-fi commando setting plays perfectly into the point-and-move backbone of a twin-stick, and it's 4 player co-op. It's also generally less 'bullet hell'-esqe than some twin-stick shooters tend to be, but no less difficult on higher levels.Similar to Alien Swarm but with noticeably less connectivity issues and a ridiculous amount of Starship Troopers references. Recommend with a hot cup of liber-tea."
,Recommended,394510,21620889,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DragonDoz,An amazing game. Much fun with friends.
76561197967009993,Recommended,394510,20976777,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Smokens,Arrowhead did it again.Best co op game.Dont hesitate just spend your money.
,Recommended,394510,19608196,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Lim-Dul,"This game surprised me to no end. I played Magicka a bit but it bored me after a few sessions, for this game I just keep going. Over 20 hours in 5 (working) days...The game is frantic non-stop action with a high skill ceiling and varied gameplay.What stood out to me the most (if I have to focus on one unusual thing) is the attention to detail in the animation department. E.g. how the Helldivers enter various vehicles. A lesser dev might have just made them pop in and out of the models but not Arrowhead! The Helldivers enter and exit through hatches on the models with a corresponding unique animation – which has a function from the gameplay standpoint too since the vehicles can burn up and explode and you have to take the escape time into account.Or one could provide the example how they made all vehicles control differently on purpose – the motorcycle controls like something out of a racing game with the RT serving as the accelerator while the bastion tank destroyer controls, well, literally like a tank with each stick moving one tread (push both up to move forward, push them in opposite directions for quick turning)."
76561197964564496,Recommended,394510,20348582,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,helmetguy,"I've been playing this game on my PS3/4/Vita for as long as it exists and been loving it ever since! Very versatile in terms of gamestyle: the weapon diversity, so many perks to combine -- you can basically apoint each player to a specific role (healer, tank, supplies, etc) if you want to. Best co-op couch game I've ever played (playing this with xb360 controller on PC). A MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,394510,19969773,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FvckIt,fun to play with friends
,Recommended,394510,20536038,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SnarKs,"Finally after over 1300 posts of discussion, the devs added an option for an always visible crosshair/cursor. Before this was added, the crosshair would go invisible and be reset to a default position, causing aiming feel very odd. The new option still isn't what I would call perfect, as the devs decided to make it so when the player is not aiming, the crosshair becomes a very faint dark gray circle. Even so, it feels way better now that my right hand has something to stay in sync with.Link to forum discussion -http://steamcommunity.com/app/394510/discussions/0/492379439676798252/Also, the game is fantastic, I highly recommend it. Best cooperative, objective focused, top down shooter(Hur Dur, it's a  Twin Stick Shooter)"
,Recommended,394510,19526827,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Xristosx★,"First of all this game was made by the same developers of the original magicka game. So they know how to make a cooperative experience both hilarious and compelling.If your looking for coop game you can play for ages then this is the game. It has a lot of variety of weapons and Items that you can call down to help you use on the battlefield which can alter your strategies for tackling the varies planets you invade. This is a team focused game with friendly fire which teammates will die if people dont think about what they are doing or watch whats going on.This game has singleplayer but its basically what the multiplayer component is with limited lives, and its pretty frustrating trying to do any of the missions solo as a lot of the mechanics require someone or something to cover you while you do them(usually with a minigame of arrow presses or holding), But with that being said the multiplayer i've come across so far is excellent and had barely any connection issues, people can just drop in and out of your missions seamlessly via droppods(that can also kill you if they land on top of other players which will happen sometimes).From what i've played theres no major glitches that i've seen yet which is a pleasant surprise because of arrowheads past they have released buggy games on launch, Yet this prerelease is great.Get the game if you want some good coop and bring democracy and liberty to alien planets. Become a hell diver."
76561197991235059,Recommended,394510,19518586,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Taylor,"Easily the most fun I've had with a co-op game since the original Left 4 Dead.HELLDIVERS is a top-down squad based shooter (or Lone Wolf if you are into that) which has you conquering planets in the name of Freedom!You'll be earning badass stratogems which can let you call in air-strikes, ammo, weapons and even a giant robot with a minigun and rockets :DBuy this game and defend Super Earth, HELLDIVERS!"
76561198016112638,Recommended,394510,32968483,Posted: 28 June,all,Napkin,A game you cannot miss out this year period.
76561198042277097,Recommended,394510,27896782,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Don_Dakota,Some of the best Co-op experience you can have.
76561198043300872,Recommended,394510,30451565,Posted: 11 March,all,ViperClaw,"Welcome to the HELLDIVERS elite infantry unit, recruit. We are the personification of humanities greatest accomplishements. Listen closely and maybe you will survive your very first mission!-We are the good guys! - A wonderful sense of humor in the fashion of Paul Verhoeven (Starship Troopers).-Grow and learn! - A progression system that gives you new character skins, weapons, perks, stratagems (airstrikes, heavy weapons, vehicles, tools like attack- and repairdrones etc..) and upgrade points to enhance your favorite play toys.-Adapt! - No classes, just pick your loadout before every mission. Look at your comrades equipment and take the stuff your team lacks. Or just play your favorite and most effective build which suits your personal playstyle most.-Be proud! - Individualize your HELLDIVERS elite soldier with tons of helmets, armor and capes.-Know your enemy! - Fight 3 different factions: Cyborgs, Bugs and Illuminates. Each with their very own units, different strategies, advantages and such.-Be percise! - The game controls just awesome no matter if you use M+K or a controller (The game detects every controller just fine and lets you rebind keys).-You are equipped for every invironment! - Procedural created levels with several bioms and a big variety of different objectives (finding buried mines with a metal detector and disarm them, reload a giant mortar cannon, repair and fire it, steal alien technology, or escort survivors to the safety of a bunker and many more).-Watch your step, watch your aim! - Friendly fire is always on - Everything is able to kill you. Everything!-You are the veterans of tomorrow! - 12 different difficulties for a challange. The higher the difficulties, the more teamplay you need to be succsessful. The game is pretty well balanced. Almost every mechanic is a risk/reward one of some sorts.-Work together to save humanity! - Up to 4 ppl local + online coop (at the same time if you want). Join a running mission on the fly by grabbing the mouse/controller. Or invite/join ppl via steam. It's pretty quick and easy.-Do your duty, soldier! - Take part in an actual war. Every single player has the responsibility to change the tides. Take back the galaxy bit by bit as a whole community.-Nobody will be left behind! - A really decent and friendly community. During all my time playing this game i've just met 1 toxic troll and very few ppl who play bad on purpose. Most veterans are very helpful to newbies and often help them doing missions for fun."
76561197970739339,Recommended,394510,23879178,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"Helldivers is a one-to-four player, top-down twin-stick shooter that cleaves itself from average title in the subgenre with its heavy emphasis on squad tactics, careful aim and preperation. It's a slower, more methodical kind of twin-stick game. You have a large degree of control over your character in-game beyond just moving and shooting: you can sprint, dive to prone, use simple voice commands (yes, no, wait and go) and even pick yourself back up when you are downed if no one else is nearby. Allies can shoot over you safely while you are prone, and you will avoid incoming fire and some explosive damage. Careful management of your resources is necessary: You have limited reloads for your guns and you even lose the ammuntion left in a magazine if you reload before one is empty. This PC version of the game is an excellent port, adding text chat, better netcode, and other quality-of-life improvements not present in the original Playstation versions, and includes the three free content expansions.You are part of the Helldivers, the elite shock troops of the comically imperialistic federation of Super Earth, deployed via drop pods behind the lines of a galactic war to spread ""managed democracy"" to humanity's enemies: the Bugs, the Cyborgs, and the Illiuminate (in ascending order of how annoying they are to fight). The game lacks a true story mode, instead being based around procedurally-generated levels with a random assortment of simple objectives, such as capture a point, escort civilians, or destroy a key enemy structure. While on missions, you can find pickups that add to your ""research count"", every ten adds one point that you may use outside missions to purchase permanent upgrades for your weapons and gear. Once all objectives are complete, or at least resolved, an extraction beacon becomes available that once activated, will bring in an escape shuttle after a set timer.Helldivers has a whopping twelve difficulty levels, from ""A Dive in the park"" to ""Helldive"", with each level increasing the number and types of enemies you face, as well as the number of objectives to complete, research pickups to find, and experience earned. You have a considerable arsenal at your disposal thanks to a number of DLCs and unlocks earned by leveling. You can carry a pistol, primary weapon, one perk, and a choice of four ""Strategems"", call-ins activated through directional button inputs, almost in the manner of a fighting game move. I'm not too fond the input mechanic, but their variety and effectiveness is unquestionable: support weapons and equipment that you can pick up and use, artillery, air and orbital strikes, deployable bombs, vehicles including mechs and APCs, and defenses such as automated sentry guns and minefields. There are so many loadout options that each player in a game can equip a completely different setup. Some cosmetic customization is available in the form of different helmets, armors and capes, and you may also choose your diver's gender: this effects only voice lines. You are always grey with yellow trim however, to contrast your enemies: greenish with orange highlights for the Bugs, dark greys and red for the Cyborgs, and whites and blues for the Illiuminate.Much like Arrowhead's Magika series, friendly fire is an omnipresent problem and accidental team kills are commonplace. Not only can you be shot by your teammates, but you can also be crushed by incoming drop pods and even the escape shuttle! Most of the time it happens so suddenly that it's more comical then anything else, though there is a report function in case people are doing it deliberately. You always have an extra Strategem available that will respawn any currently dead squadmates via drop pods. Watch where you're standing at all times!There is also a sort of metagame wherein each mission you complete with all objectives completed, all players escaped, and/or minimal deaths adds to a score taken from all players in the game, counted towards control of galactic regions. When the players reach an alien homeworld or when the aliens attack a regional capital planet or Super Earth itself, a special timed event begins where the players can take missions on that world for double experience rewards. If the players earn enough points in the alloted time, the aliens are defeated and their world is taken, knocking them out of the war for its duration, or a human world is sucessfully defended, preventing loss of a region. The war restarts when all three alien factions are defeated, or if the aliens conquer Super Earth. It's not a huge deal of a mechanic, but it's a nice extra layer."
76561198027242456,Recommended,394510,32497526,Posted: 17 June,all,Verin,Perhaps one of the best couch co-op games. I spent most of my time with this game on PS3 (60+ hours). Definitely a challenge on higher difficulties and teamwork is absolutely key. A classic in my book. I can always go back to play this one.
,Recommended,394510,29502693,Posted: 26 January,all,DanO,"super fun, arcade style, over the top shooting game. Real fun to play with up to 3 friends. Things get a bit hectic, but that's where the hillarity starts.Pick it up, worth the bucks..... The Terrain Specialist DLC pack is a near must.... you'll see when you try to run through the snow!"
76561198127366964,Recommended,394510,33217596,Posted: 3 July,all,Vam,Stupid fun with a Starship Trooper vibe.
,Recommended,394510,33172175,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr Tweetums,ye
76561197982810452,Recommended,394510,33470406,Posted: 11 July,all,T & A,"Good fun twin stick shooter from the same studio that did the recent Gauntlet game, decent online community for the most part.GOODLots of varied gameplay that makes you think hard about the tools/weapons you bring to the maps which change up your play style allot, if you like gentle shooters that hold your hand the whole way then don't get this game, this is coming from someone who played a few games from the 90's that were unforgiving (and I like that).BADDLC's should be about enhancements and aesthetics not for unlocking basic functionality in the game like the terrian boots, thats very deceptive and bordering on some shoddy buisness practices."
,Recommended,394510,28642395,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bradenfontaine,"The whole game is amazing, even the trailers are great."
,Recommended,394510,33359840,Posted: 7 July,all,Sovereign Star,"This game is basically a better version of Alien Swarm, and Alien Colonial Marines we never had. You're a special operative designed to make a bright future for your Democracy Motherland, Super Earth, which is under attack by vicious Cyborgs, Zerg-like Bugs, and Protoss-like aliens.The tips constantly claim this game is difficult when playing alone, however, I must debunk it. It's actually easier if you play everything alone. If you're spotted, just run for your life. When running, try to mow down those sentries on your way before they can sound the alarm to call in more reinforcement.Also, playing alone is another good thing, since most of time players don't want to spend time looking for samples that can give you research points every 10 sample collected. It doesn't matter what kind of samples you collected, just pick them all up everytime you see them.Research points is like the backbone of entire game. Don't spend it on just weapons, sometimes, it's fairly important to upgrade your strategams. From calling down ammo supply, to air strikes, they can be a game-chaging potential if you do it right. I suggest you save up all the research points, and don't spend any before lv 10. If you are in need of research points, then just go ahead and collect samples, but that'll be time-consuming and boring.Now, if you wish to play Co-Op, be careful where you're aiming, since this game is fairly hardcore, that is, you can actually kill your allies even if you really want to help them take out the blasted aliens that are licking their faces. Don't ever do it. Keep in mind, this can happen to you as well, if aliens are very close to you? Just run and reload, so your allies can eliminate the threats.However, I must say... this game is kind of just ""That's it"". Really, just that's all the game it can offer you. You're there to do the same things over and over, just RNG give you different objectives. But it's basically like this, Host looks for a proper landing zone, then finish the objectives, then survive about 1 and half minutes for extraction, then hop on aircraft to end the match. That's pretty much it all about.If you ever want to feel the excitement of being overrun, gun and run, then this game is for you. Double the excitement, or even triple it or maybe quadriple it, if you got friends to play with.And yes, this games has a tons of meme of Star Troopers. Get ready to filled with puns and fight like hell."
76561197964266304,Recommended,394510,20277804,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Finity1,"I was making my last stand, severly wounded and lying on the ground, blood oozing from my hole-ridden armor, firing my pistol between my legs with my last magazine as the hordes came running at me.  I had almost given up.  Then a voice came over the comms, telling me the extraction shuttle had arrived to take us away from this hell.  There was hope.And then the shuttle landed on me.  I was instantly hooked.I don't play twin stick shooters, but I bought this on a whim after hearing some positive coverage on it.  The sci-fi is clever and funny (like Starship Troopers, but so much wittier), the graphics and effects are satisfying, and the gameplay itself is incredibly fun and can be oh-so-derpy in the best way, especially with four people playing.  The community is very friendly (I've only played with random players so far).  I hear this game is much easier to play with a controller but I've been able to play just fine with good ol' mouse and kb.  As far as a port goes, the developers have done an excellent job and I must say, I'm very impressed.  And again, this is not a genre that I ever thought I'd enjoy... and I'm addicted.Get this game, Join the forces of Super Earth and plus-up the Helldiver's ranks!  We need you!"
76561198143474378,Recommended,394510,33551322,Posted: 14 July,all,Potadoge,"I won't lie when I say this game gets repetitive fast, because it does. But that's the beauty part about this game, it's something to play when you got some time to kill. So if you're into mowing down alien scum in the name of Super Earth and democracy, buy this game."
76561198134306890,Recommended,394510,24095725,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,deus_extrem,"Ive found my new favorite game. I feel like im in a starship trooper movie spreading  Democracy with overwhelming firepowerr!! Theres a persistant  universe so each planet you liberat counts towards a hole community. The first and only twin stick shooter youll need.  The firefights are hectic and fun. Bugs coming at you from every direction. You have to watch out for supply drop cause they can kill you, friendly fire can kill you, litteraly everything is trying to kill you. But when everything is coming at you and hell is breaking loose theres nothing but a smile on my face.  Multiplayer makes everything even more fun. I would recommend this game 100%"
76561197992568802,Recommended,394510,27019556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DittoMarth,"This game is amazing.  I keep coming back to it.  If I have a few minutes to kill, there is nothing that offers this much raw enjoyment.Your load outs offer so much depth to the challenges you face, and interacting with your enemies and allies with them is always a blast."
,Recommended,394510,28609697,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tiny,Really gives me Starship Troopers / Warhammer40k vibesYes.
,Recommended,394510,29156684,Posted: 9 January,all,Zellith,"Bought this game few days after it came out.contemplated a bit whether I should buy it or not.so without further ado here's my review on whether you should buy it or not:Gameplay:The game is a hardcore top-down twin stick shooter if you're the same as me the ""hardcore"" part probably turned on that lightbulb above your head. so I'm going to summarise the gameplay in a way that'll let me vent my anger and frustrations, my tears of sorrow and happiness.""YOU WILL DIE"" so many times that you'll grow tired of it but keep coming back because your a masochist and you know you love it but on a serious note the game is straight up true to their word when they say hardcore.You'll die when your friend accidentally shoots you with his shotgun close range. you'll die when your friend and you argues about whether or not to get that nearby research point. you WILL die when your friend or that random stranger just threw a Nuke near you didn't notice. the game makes teamwork near essential with the end game missions.Next is the aiming system. you may find it hard  at first to target anything especially your friends when first playing the game. the game was specifically designed for a console so you may have to adjust to that a bit but in all honesty the port is done right, with a few performance issues here and there.TL;DR ""YOU WILL DIE A LOT!""Story:The story? there's none well at least none that your hoping for if your looking for a story.Graphics:It's not rocket science but it's good it's the type you'll expect from a console game not too bad not too realistic it's just right.Should you buy it?> depends, do you plan to play this with friends?  if yes then buy it.> if not don't the community died at of this moment public matchmaking is near null. so good luck looking for people to play with in the ""helldive"" difficulty missions.> Are you a masochist who likes to prove to the world that I can play this ""hardcore"" game solo? by all means buy it.Overall I'd recommend this game for people who likes a mix of RPG, and Diablo-esque style games with that tinge of Dark Souls feeling of achievement."
,Recommended,394510,28973172,Posted: 3 January,all,Shi,"I would to say this game is very fun. Only one DLC is like to force you purchase it, but quality game that compare with price is not high. I highly reccomend to buy Deluxe edition, because DLC improve fun for playing."
,Recommended,394510,23880572,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tinkylubit,Great game that is simple but very difficult and at a great price thanks to the summer sale.
,Recommended,394510,21547386,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kew,awsome game!
,Recommended,394510,28064883,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fight for Xianya,"It reminds me of some old games, and dialogues sound like Im in the Starship Troopers."
,Recommended,394510,28009175,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Croomar,"HELLDIVERS is a game that shines in many ways. For once, the great sense of humor, the great gameplay, interesting setting, top-notch co-op action as well as the challenging missions. All together resonate in a great feeling of satisfaction with every move, every shot, every kill, every objective, every successful mission and war.You play a fairly good-looking member of an elite unit of space warriors to defend your culture and spread democracy upon alien races with your guns and stylish capes. If you haven't pressed the buy button by now, something is either utterly wrong with you or you're just not a fan of capes.Every mission starts off with a selection of weapons, perks and stratagems, which are essentially supply drops in various ways as for example an airstrike, ammo, defense drones, mechs, tanks or other vehicles, turrets and many, many, many more. Your arsenal is almost as vast and endless as the waves of enemies you may or may not slaughter with while stylishly swinging your cape around after having been shot out of your ship in a landing capsule.As for the missions, they come in different difficulties, although you won't find yourself going over medium ones too often. They are composed of a variety of different objectives that need to be completed in order to be allowed to extract from the mission, stylishly swinging your cape around while you wait for the ship. You can choose where to land in your mission and in which order to complete your objectives. After you've completed your mission, you get a reward and community influence depending on your success and difficulty.The influence is used in the galactic map. After enough influence has been collected by the players, you take over a sector from the aliens and are able to attack the next one until you've taken or lost them all. Paired with the unlockable weapons and stratagems, upgrades, encyclopedia entries and capes, this makes a great possibility to keep up motivation and fun over longer terms. You'll find yourself coming back to the game again and again, even if it's just to swing your cape around.Another reason to come back is the great co-op action. Never have I enjoyed friendly fire in a game this much. Whenever I have friends over, I'll show them HELLDIVERS to play together. With up to 4 people, things may get stressful, especially if one of them is a jerk who gets a kick off killing his teammates, another one is a pyromaniac who enjoys napalm strikes and volcanoes a bit too much and the last one may enjoy his cape a little too much. But even if it doesn't work out in the end, and it rarely does in these cases, you'll still have had a great time laughing together. Often enough, even with online players.And if co-op isn't for you, there's still a ton of things to enjoy besides the capes. HELLDIVERS has awesome mechanics, just randomly running around and firing into armadas of enemies can be fun, achievement a creative and unlocking them requires you to be creative, too. Approaching missions in different ways, collecting upgrades, unlocking weapons, doing boss runs, there's a lot of potential for everyone here. It's well worth it's price, even with the DLCs.A definite recommendation for everyone who enjoys either games or capes in any way.Also, capes. And democracy.But mostly Capes."
,Recommended,394510,28152939,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,NinjaQuail,"The thing I'm most impressed by is how much flexibility HELLDIVERS packs into its fairly simple premise. You can really iron out your own particular playstyle via your loadout, and the co-operative mechanics of the game are fluid enough that you can drop into (almost) any game and contribute to the group without regretting the weapon you chose.By the time you reach level 20, you'll have seen everything HELLDIVERS can throw at you, but it won't be boring. A lot of the game's staying power is in how it controls its chaos, and each 10-20 minute mission has a satisfying balance between ""Okay we can do this,"" and ""WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE.""BTW, I haven't bought ANY of the DLC and I'm still having the time of my life."
76561197997194702,Recommended,394510,24238999,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The Manrammer,"This is a good game, there are some powerfull dlc items, such as the entrenched pack. Overall this game captured the style of Starship Troopers, a fantastic political satire sci-fi action comedy film, and as such this game is a fantastic political satire sci-fi action comedy hardcore twin stick shooter."
76561198069594946,Recommended,394510,24489607,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,TitanShadow12,If you don't buy this game you're a democracy hater.
76561198000339287,Recommended,394510,28267458,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,CmdrLegion,"Funny,challenging and lots of replay value,HellDivers is one of the best co-op games i've played in the last few years,a bit on the expensive side if you get it at it's normal price,but very much worth it on a deal for the complete pack with all DLC's. Still,for all that is great in this game,connection issues are a thing that happens way too often,just like it did in Magicka,but if you're lucky,unlike me,you might have none of these issues,so don't let that stop you from enjoying one of the more unique co-op games to come out in forever. Get it and spread managed democracy throughout the galaxy!"
,Recommended,394510,28728795,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,EmoMelon,"Had lots of fun while playing it and all the sudden things got repetitive and lost interested now it's ""collecting dust"" in digital space, somehow."
76561198065921679,Recommended,394510,29068192,Posted: 6 January,all,PRT | kämystäjä,Pros:-good multiplayer-many levels of difficulty-weapons and upgradeability-a great party game-local and internet multiplayer works great together-worth of buyingCons:-there's nothing really to do after everything is unlocked-how the war in multiplayer works-DLC
76561197976353012,Recommended,394510,27655173,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ediobear,"Looks easy, but yet difficult. Death is only part of the gameplay. Your man will keep rise up from the dead and keep fighting until the day of end."
,Recommended,394510,21595172,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kanata.Верный,"He was just a rookie trooper and he surely shook with fright.He checked off his strategem and made sure his pack was tight.He had to sit and watch those awful beacon lights.You ain't gonna dive no more.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to die.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to dive.Democracy, what a helluva way to die.He ain't gonna dive no more.""Is everybody happy?"" cried the Admiral looking up.Our hero feebly answered, ""Yes"", and then he got into his pod.He dived unto the evil planet, while a new beacon was thrown.And he ain't gonna dive no more.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to die.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to dive.Democracy, what a helluva way to die.He ain't gonna dive no more.He counted long, he counted loud, he waited for the shock.He came out his pod, he saw the beacon, he felt the awful drop.His teammate just called in a mech, the drop spot was on his spawn.And he ain't gonna dive no more.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to die.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to dive.Democracy, what a helluva way to die.He ain't gonna dive no more.The mech hit him, the sound was ""Splat,"" his blood went spurting high.His comrades they were heard to say, ""A helluva way to die.""He lay there rolling 'round in the welter of his gore.And he ain't gonna dive no more.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to die.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to dive.Democracy, what a helluva way to die.He ain't gonna dive no more.There was blood upon the exosuit, there were brains upon the pod.Intestines were a-dangling from his helldiver suit.He was a mess, they picked him up and poured him from his boots.And he ain't gonna dive no more.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to die.Gory, gory, what a helluva way to dive.Democracy, what a helluva way to die.He ain't gonna dive no more."
76561198014682424,Recommended,394510,28543508,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HRX,"Fun game must say !!! , at times fights are very intense specially when your full squad gets surrounded by enemies !!! You will definitely love it !! requires concentration at time do YOGA to master it hahaha :/Go buy it. Save Super Earth. You will love boss fights they are epic in this game!!"
76561198025183433,Recommended,394510,26858119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxolo,Good game to waste some time with your friends
76561198028118199,Recommended,394510,25192284,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wankerdoodle Bananahead,"Just jump in online/MP when you feel like it and kill stuff, simple, quick - beautiful, love it!!!Hope they make a number 2 with -1.) More new stuff to kill.2.) Bigger, more powerful weapons to kill stuff with.3.) More mission types and environments, i.e orbital space hulks, alien motherships to assault etc.4.) Keep Co-Op central/core to misson success/game mechanics.Just buy it, you'll love it!"
,Recommended,394510,25224674,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Little Baby Man,"As a vet helldiver, seeing the new breed of recurits is amazingand knowing that one day they will become the vetsit brings a tear to my eye everytime i think about it.also this game gives me helldive flashbacksso to all those vetsRemember when we didn't have the Trident Laser shotgun?Those where the days :D"
,Recommended,394510,24132414,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,xRedRose,Buying this game was probably the most Democratic thing I've done since I registered to vote.
,Recommended,394510,20140402,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Etheras,HIGH MARKS FOR IDEOLOGICAL SOUNDNESS. THIS GAME SUPPORTS DEMOCRACY AND FREEDOM IN WAYS I NEVER KNEW EXISTED.SUPPORT SUPER EARTH AND JOIN THE HELLDIVERS TODAY! (Just one easy payment of $19.99 . Operators are standing by)
,Recommended,394510,19806236,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,RaVeN,I love that this game allows me to spread my seed of undue freedom-ness.
76561198041822638,Recommended,394510,19506058,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Azrael,Great Game had fun from the start....still a lot to unlock
,Recommended,394510,19541696,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hazmat☣,Threw a nade by mistake near the extraction shipall my teammates got murdered by mei was the only one who made itworth the nade thoBest Friend killing simulatori r8 teamkilling/10
,Recommended,394510,20128925,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jaymis,"Silly fun Starship Troopers re-enactment engine.Remarkably tense when running missions solo, and the joy of a random player dropping in to save the day can't be overstated."
,Recommended,394510,20152162,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nasty nae nae,"A fantastic game. It's even fun with strangers and I hate playing with strangers. If anyone of my friends sees this, plz buy the game I'm alone ;-;"
76561197993103190,Recommended,394510,20109749,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Throbin Wood,"This game is awesome in every way. I love that there isn't really an end, you can just keep helping the community war and such. My only suggestion would be some sort of Lightsaber-esque melee weapons lol. I feel like this game could use some melee oriented weapons apart from the Bayonet attachment.10/10 for me."
,Recommended,394510,20115640,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Coffee 'n' Joe,"This game is like Starship Troopers and Warhammer 40K and Halo: ODST combined into one Super combo breaker, I cant recommend this enough. Its easy to pick up, friendly community, and Potato computer friendly. Its well worth the 20 bucks, and dont get discouraged by all the dlc you need none of it, dispite what people say about the all-terrain boots.11/10, would Play again, and again, and again..."
76561198006761699,Recommended,394510,20560455,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Daddy Cool,Fun intense game with no pause( scratch your balls in a battle and you're dead )
,Recommended,394510,20268678,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Crushfield,"What this game lacks in narractive it totally makes up for with kick♥♥♥♥♥co-op gameplay. Help defend Super Earth and spread your freedom accross the galaxy by means of brute force. 3 main aliens races (Bugs, Cyborgs, Illuminates) Tons of different strategy avenues to take based on which race your are fighting.  Level up, unlock new items based on level and mission completion. From there you hone your strategy and upgrade the weapons and strategems you enjoy most. Persistant friendly fire makes things even more interesting. Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561198031737157,Recommended,394510,24097317,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Parapsyche6,BEST GAME FOR CO-OP!!!!!!BRING IT ON ALIENSSSS!!!
,Recommended,394510,24123518,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Fracie,"5 minutes in to giving multiplayer a try I blew my team mates head off with my sniper. Crushed them with my supply drops and even crushed them when calling a dead player back in to the game. (revive) I don't know what to be more afraid of. My team, myself or the enemies."
,Recommended,394510,21947640,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Darhned,"Game of the year. 10/10 Don't wait, bring freedom and democracy to our galaxy"
76561198021987694,Recommended,394510,19585182,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,HC307,Im doing my part! Are you?Join theMobile InfantryHelldivers and save the world.Service guarantees citizenship.
,Recommended,394510,19496730,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Red Ball Express,"It's basically Star Ship Troopers, the game. No bugs, no crashing, just DO YOU WANT TO KNOW MORE."
,Recommended,394510,19556431,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ToKaSmOkA | LSG,Who doesn't love blowing their friends to pieces to get an epic heavy enemy kill screaming SORRY! While your buddy is screaming you team killing F           U           C            K TARD!
76561197993174997,Recommended,394510,19650182,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,QT,It's pretty much scifi Magicka. Good times to be had with buddies.
76561198053070059,Recommended,394510,19587635,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Keln,"What's dangerous isn't the foe , but your friend coming above you.Democracy comes in all forms and colors, from the tiny 9mm bullet to the tactical nuke.Only con: no online friendlist. Steam servers."
,Recommended,394510,19872623,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Nanami_Chiaki,It's A Good Day to dieWhen you know the reasons whyCitizens we fight for what is rightA noble sacrifice!When duty calls you pay the priceFor the Federation I will give my life
,Recommended,394510,19664469,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,phil66,dive into hell
76561198115924832,Recommended,394510,28601795,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jacket.,"The best kind of coop game ive played since a while, this is a 100% worth it investissement.Ask friends to play with you -> no disapointment.some details like the customisation of your player and the reward details at the end of missions (which is waaay too long) are for me the only probs' in this game.9/10"
,Recommended,394510,21688015,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Des,tip: throw your reinforce strategim at the enemy.
,Recommended,394510,19554247,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PaulRPG,Really fun game. There are a bunch of good coop mechanics and friendly fire is a concern. On release I've not had much of an issue with the community - people have been fairly friendly and want to push for objectives.
,Recommended,394510,20775646,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,LesPaulMaster,"I recommend, Very funny game!!! In the beginning you may have some difficulties, but just go to low or medium planet levels to practice more. If you want to evolve faster, bring your friends to play and go to the hardest levels of the game, sure a better way to evolve and to have fun."
76561198069248203,Recommended,394510,28978957,Posted: 3 January,all,Bread,"FUN!First entered, killed my team with a shotgunDLC makes it easy but hardcore is still hard!"
76561198081011979,Recommended,394510,23959885,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Action Trash!,AWEEEESOMMMMEEEEEEE GAME
,Recommended,394510,29436908,Posted: 22 January,all,ShankTheNoob,"Did you enjoy Starship Troopers?Do you like killing people, slaughtering aliens, breaking things?Do you giggle in the face of always-on friendly fire?Look no further than HELLDIVERS!A game I originally played on Playstation, I picked it up on PC and it's just one of those games I can't get enough of. Awesome weapons, great loadout options, procedural missions of varying difficulty, and a community that remains active, campaign after campaign. There's always parties to find, great communication in teams, even if just via pre-made responses. The community, now, is disciplined on the trigger, so friendly-fire is rare, but still comical when it happens.4-player co-op with a true focus on teamwork, HELLDIVERS is a game that will keep you coming back for more!"
76561198015673002,Recommended,394510,27076740,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rave Johnson,"Grab a friend or (preferably) 3 friends, some time, and a nice hot of liber-tea, because oh man, this game is great. And hard. Playing this with friends is an absolute blast"
,Recommended,394510,28678704,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Snorp,GOOD GAME. GET IT.
,Recommended,394510,28800902,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"Pat ""The POWER"" Morin","Refreshing, fun game especially with a party of friends. You won't play it forever but it was worth the price."
,Recommended,394510,21293855,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Alson,"A teammate drives a tank behind us and run us over accidently , spawn us , run us over again .11/10 would get run over again"
,Recommended,394510,19558106,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Roxby,"This is a fun game,  very challenging, lots of good CO-OP play.   I wouldn't recommend it for single player,  if you have a good group of 4 guys who want to have a blast running each other over, and squishing each other with ammo.. This is the game for you!"
,Recommended,394510,20135630,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TotallyALesbian,"FREEDOM. LIBERTY. KICKASS TOP-DOWN SHOOTING.God, this game rules."
,Recommended,394510,21011103,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,呉の素敵兵器ユキカゼ,"They are doing their part, ARE YOU?Join the Helldiver and save the world!Service guarantees citizenship.WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE?"
76561198075752805,Recommended,394510,20993535,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FROM ZERO,COOLEST RUN AND GUN EVER!!!!!!!!THIS GAME NEEDS MORE HELLRIDERS TO DEPLOY!!!FOR THE DEMOCRACY!!!!!
,Recommended,394510,21309146,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Flubba T. Waffle,Convinced me so strongly about the importance of DEMOCRACY that I'm voting for Trump.  Make Super Earth Great Again.
,Recommended,394510,20947665,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Willem Van Oranje,"A very fun twin stick shooter. Great with friends graphics are great.You should buy this game.Stop reading...Buy this game...Honestly , Best twin stick shooter I played in a while."
76561197980712210,Recommended,394510,20943161,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Devildog1054,"Stop reading now and just BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The game is a blast...Think Smash Tv but with leveling weapons, unlocks, skills, and lots and lots of friendly fire :)"
76561197979815321,Recommended,394510,20921050,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Bloodbag,"You, citizen. You want a chance to prove yourself before the might of the Federation? Of course you do.Everyone does.This is your chance. In HELLDIVERS, the latest combat sim from Fednet Systems, you will face the merciless enemies of the Fed in a state of the art combat arena. You will be tested, and you will be made a champion.Helldivers is no mere civilian sim. This is war, and this is hell, son. You will be diving into it.But you will not be alone. No, you can fight alongside your friends in glorious combat against an onslaught of varied foes. You'll fight, and you'll win. For the Fed.The graphics are state-of-the-art. You want snow footprints? You got snow footprints.You want fast paced combat? Try white-knuckled ""daddy I dont wanna play the scary game"" combat.You want weaponry? You got mechs. Tanks. Cars. Bikes with treads. Your friends ride with you. Your friends ride over you, from time to time.You want humor? Helldivers has humor, son. All the subtle movie references you can handle.There are no sims better than helldivers, son.None.10/10"
76561198044914667,Recommended,394510,28962001,Posted: 2 January,all,Gamermax,"I don't review games nearly as I should. I love this game. Totally amazing! I would say run out and buy it asap! It's a top down shooter, done right. I love how hardcore it is. I love the challenege. I love all the content. So many games out their are either lacking in conetent, or lacking in challenege. It's just point and shoot, and who ever wallet warriors the most wins. In this game you can all the items, if you suck at using them, you'll suck in the game. It's all skill. The game gives you no forgivness. I love it."
76561198260779475,Recommended,394510,28970005,Posted: 3 January,all,爱睡觉的小骷髅,当你入手后才会发现为什么会有这样一部让人十分满意的作品呢？你一定会为自己当初错过这部作品而后悔，值得一试！
,Recommended,394510,28967658,Posted: 2 January,all,sv_cheats_turbo,its cool yes?
76561198011488842,Recommended,394510,28167937,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,John,"bought it on sales...similar to alien swarm and red solstice but with rewarding the invested gaming time. When u advance u get to unlock perks,weapons, outfit appearance etc. Another difference with the mentioned games is that u meet 3 kind of enemies. Bugs, Cyborgs and Aliens called illuminati (who look like protons?)"
76561198045705992,Recommended,394510,20001414,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ornstein,"Go grab yourself a cup of liber-tea, sit down and have a read.(I may not have the most hours in the game at the time its being typed, but I've spent over 200 hours on the PS4 version.)Helldivers is one of those games where its best played with friends because if not, you are going to have a bad time.So what Helldivers is about is you are cleansing the galaxy of 3 different races, the Bugs, Cyborgs and the Illuminate. Once each smaller system has been cleansed after gaining enough influence, is you take on their home world and everyone has about 30 hours (Correct me if im wrong, since ive never seen higher) To wipe out the remaining on their home worlds and once thats done, they are out until every other race has been taken out, then it all resets and its a new war again.Some of the great moments I've had is when you keep accidently dropping pods on one another by accident, its always a laugh and it never gets old, the gameplay is a lot of fun and it tends to get quite tense once the alarms have been raised (On the higher difficulties) due to having to face some tough enemies. With the right gear and team (Or randoms who are very team based) Any difficulty can be done. To me both keyboard and mouse and controller all work well. (I recommend a PS4 controller if you own one)So, from my time I have been playing it on PC, I recommend using windowed fullscreen since a few of my friends and I keep crashing while using standard fullscreen."
76561197976932040,Recommended,394510,19595921,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,GreazyGill,"20$ for a game with decent graphics, very optimized, seamless co-op local/online, great mechanics,difficulty ramps to a limit most won't achieve.  First night played till 3am.    Get it for yourself, buy some copies for a couple buddies,hey it's christmas.  Grab an ice cold glass of liberty and enjoy."
,Recommended,394510,32953216,Posted: 28 June,all,DJ Flea,"This game is awesome.  If you love starship trooper movie, then you must play this game :D"
,Recommended,394510,25314665,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,WeeWee,Fun game to play with people. Can be difficult if your team mates don't watch their fire.
,Recommended,394510,32783265,Posted: 25 June,all,blate11,"Definitely a fun game, I was first introduced to it on PS4, but I think I prefer it on PC. Great game if you're looking for a challenge and to yell FOR DEMOCRACY! Levels can get intense quickly which is fun. Definitely would recommend for people who want a challenge and want to spread managed democracy."
,Recommended,394510,29459700,Posted: 24 January,all,Biggles-nosound,pretty good
76561198020659189,Recommended,394510,20884080,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Idaho Man,"Extremely good game, especially for co-op. This is defintely one of those games where a team of players working together is far more powerful than the sum of thier parts. Works great online and on the same PC. If you are looking for a game to play single player you may want to look elsewhere. Helldivers is still good alone, but the game really shines when you work with others.This game is also way more playable with a mouse and keyboard than a controller."
76561198112470549,Recommended,394510,32882304,Posted: 27 June,all,Night Hunter,"Good in single-player.Fun as HELL with friends. So if you have 2 or 3 who you can play with, you are in for the time of your life."
,Recommended,394510,32795924,Posted: 25 June,all,Doominator,"apparently, when the current war ends, thats just it for your game.it plays a cutscene, and the credits, and boots you out of the game onto the title screen.im sorry, i just wanted to play the game a little."
,Recommended,394510,27927290,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Damian,Awesome experience
76561197972511898,Recommended,394510,19545102,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Desert Punk,fun as hell
76561198071694485,Recommended,394510,33080915,Posted: 1 July,all,kisevalter325,This is a great game that works on ultrabooks without a hitch!  Smooth gameplay with a multiplayer lobby readily available.  The community is helpful and cohesive.
,Recommended,394510,26206860,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,A7L3S,HOW ABOUT A NICE GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING CUP OF LIBER-TEA
76561198006941857,Recommended,394510,19677200,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Nemytis,"This is one of the best ports I've ever played. It's fun, challenging and you get some really hilarious moments. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,394510,21001972,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sonofsono,Warhammer 40K and Starshiptroopers had a baby.
76561198308632127,Recommended,394510,25065099,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Little Wing,DO NOT HESITATE!!! JOIN HELLDIVERS NOW!!!
,Recommended,394510,26879040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GRtist,"Good with people, better with friends.When you first hop into the game, especially at lower difficulties, you may find cooperation unecessary, but once you get up to 6+ difficulty levels, not only is it mandatory, it's fun.Objectives where chaos is frequent (my personal favorite is the minefields) will require teammates to coordinate and communicate to overcome. This culminates in extraction, where you fend of wave after wave of the enemy hordes while waiting for a pickup.All in all, the community is pretty small (as it is with most games this old), but if you've got a group of friends you can play with regularly, I promise you'll have a blast."
,Not Recommended,394510,21221840,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jmomo,"The fundamentals of this game are great, but the stupid issues that won't ever be fixed means you need to wait until this title goes on sale for $5. The devs have abandoned the game and/or don't seem capable in fixing some problems that are well-known, like the invisible cursor, matchmaking, and more.The post-mission screen takes way too long and you have to spam the E key to get past it. The user-interface in general needs work, but it won't ever get fixed because the game is done and the devs are gone.I've seen some CRAZY desync moments in this game. Flying space robo dogs. This is usually due to the horrible matchmaking where you often get matched with players on the other side of the planet. Ping times are completely hidden from the player, probably because the playerbase is small and they don't want you to think the game is dead already (it is).There is no single player. Playing alone is somewhere between not fun and impossible. You must have a party to do most missions and there are no CPU players. It's all online. When this game goes out of style, nobody will be playing it because nobody is playing it.Don't buy the DLC. Some items are basically Pay2Win, like the all-terrain boots, but most of the important stuff you can earn in the game, and it's more fun to learn to use what you've got before you get new stuff anyway.The current PC release price of $20 is a too high considering the game has been out on PSN for quite awhile now, and as far as I can tell, there won't be any future content development for the game.Beyond my complaints above, this is a great party game with some weird/scary jingoistic humor. You, unquestionably, play the part of the good (bad) guys as you desperately fight to expand your liberal (oppressive), freedom-loving (exploitative) democracy (totalitarian empire).Much laughs will be had as you do a supply drop over your party or run yourself over with your own tank, but it won't last long. Once you start doing the higher-difficulty missions and start running into the matchmaking issues, once you've waited the two minutes after each and every game is over while spaming the E key, and once you realize the game's development stopped before it was even release on PC, the fun will be over and you'll move on to something else.Get it on sale. Skip at full price."
76561197991567031,Recommended,394510,19731554,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,kRUTCH,"Great game. For twenty bucks you cant go wrong. You really only need the Ranger DLC to get the UAV to farm samples, after this youll have all the research points you need to get your equipment up and running.The complete DLC package is not a terrible deal, certainly not a waste of money at all."
76561197976180566,Recommended,394510,29135755,Posted: 8 January,all,GizmoMechanic,tough game at first.need to have a dedicated friend base to playpretty graphics.no nonsense gameplay
,Recommended,394510,29217893,Posted: 12 January,all,Polkaroo,"Awesome squad twin stick game (running and aiming are independant) with friendly fire, chaos, and lots of weapons/gagets/vehicles/mechs/turrets/airstrikes/etc to upgrade and equip (if you can get the combo completed before an alien removes your intestines!)The tongue-in-cheek premise, a global campaign that changes while you sleep, and great drop-in multiplayer (literally) makes this a great game to play for a few minutes or a few hours at a time. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,394510,19561210,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[FFS]Echto,It's Magicka with aliens... and guns... and CAPES! oh wait
76561198019486645,Recommended,394510,19565637,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,L.H.,Magicka meets Broforce within the story of Starship Troopers.
76561198025810490,Recommended,394510,19570482,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Freedoms Pride,"An awesome mix of StarShip Troopers, Starcraft and a whole lot more all smashed into a twin stick shooter what more could you ask for!?"
76561197984851121,Recommended,394510,19575726,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Zaltark,"If youre a fan of AlienSwarm, and Magicka, GET THIS GAME! Its awesome btw. I love the way they did it, and it is really challenging (if you go to the right worlds)."
,Recommended,394510,19576923,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Richard,"Extremely fun top down shooter, a must play with friends(up to 4 people at the same time), don`t have any friends? don`t worry i assure you that you will make some, the community here is top notch ."
,Recommended,394510,19577151,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cyberboss,"Love the difficulty range, you can have a♥♥♥♥♥♥around with frineds 5 or go full try hard on 9 or have a death wish at 12. Theres something for everyone."
76561198007363286,Recommended,394510,19579925,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mrmode,Have a nice cup of Liber-tea!!9/10 would drink againoverall a really fun game with loads of ways to complete a missionIf you like tanks mech walkers an not least .. nukes then this game is for you :)allso use set nuke to kill your team cause they are too close to the bughole :D
,Recommended,394510,19560421,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cashewcat (♥*Kitty*),Good game. Made better by the chaotic multiplayer. Worth the low price tag too. The DLC isn't necessary but does add to the game.
,Recommended,394510,19561409,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Samurai Jack TH,"Get over all the dlcs people, it will cost 89.99 dollars more if it is from EA"
,Recommended,394510,19568952,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Gannon,"What can i say I love this game. Its a co-op game of the highest caliber it takes teamwork and some knoweledge of your tools to succeed well that and luck lol. You can play it all in SP if you want though the higher difficulty worlds will require other divers. The community seems great haven't ran inot any asshats that team kill everyone wants to win. thats another thing i've had times where my team gets killed or fragged accidently and they laugh it off and proceed. The devs plan to keep growing the game and there are lots of things to level up and unlock as well as weapons and tools to master. did i mention there are mechs yes mechs and they are fun as hell. also folks are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the controls they are fine they are perfect, the way it works is if you have a LMG you can't turn as fast as a shotgun or a SMG, I think it makes sense and makes you use your brain when fighting swarms."
76561198045933923,Recommended,394510,19579291,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,markgilby12,"I would like to preface this by saying that I am not a huge fan of twin stick shooters, and I never really bother to post reviews of things.This game is awesome, the amount of customisation of your character is equal to a lot of RPGs, you can change your armour(cosmetic only), main weapon, and all of the different aids you can drop in during missions. You can also upgrade all of the weapons and aid drops that you unlock.Your character will die really fast if you aren't careful, and you will kill teammates and yourself if you aren't careful where you are aiming, which makes the game really fun when playing with friends. Running out of ammo at an awkward time can also be a problem, as a badly timed reload can mean death.Would deffinately recommend this game if you are a fan of challenging coop games."
,Recommended,394510,19580507,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Demos Awesomus Maximus,C'mon you apes! Do you want to live forever?
,Recommended,394510,19561883,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Kachiko,addicting! fun to play with friends
,Recommended,394510,19572827,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TheMTC,"Good game but too many ""bugs"" :3"
76561198008049929,Recommended,394510,19574005,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jki4,"Super fun, if you have friends or can solo, dont pug jesus christ. 10/10"
76561198079484396,Recommended,394510,19560983,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Valkyrs Bane,Join game.Immidiately drop and kill entire team.Try not to dieDie.10/10 Games funny as hell
,Recommended,394510,19571110,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,serun15,Fun
76561197983682353,Recommended,394510,19562257,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,einsquared,"Up Down Right Left Up..I played the hell out of this game on the PS3 and the Vita with the same account. I guess my only issue is I wish my account transferred but I don't mind. It's actually really easy to level up, just don't shoot at your friends. Or throw grenades on them... or drop a pod ontop of them... or nuke them... that's usually bad.Pros+ Easy connection+ Easy controls+ Character customization+ Upgradeable Strategems+ Upgradeable Weapons+ Intense cooperative missions+ All-out cooperative war based on stastistics+ Players can drop in and out of missions+ Weapon reloads are realistic+ Multiple ways to fight enemies+ Three worlds to fight in: protoss, zergs, and orks...Cons- No 4 Pack purchase- No crossplatform with the PS3/PS4/Vita- DLCs but mostly cosmetics and items you don't even need- 720p if you're whiny about that- Music is meh after a while- Might get repetitive, especially if everyone keeps losing"
,Recommended,394510,19562713,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sluipkots,"Excellent co-op game, if you've been looking for a really good game to play with friends look no further! :D"
,Recommended,394510,19564556,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,George W. Kush,Awesome online or local co-op! Pretty good single player. Lots of tense fun!
76561197997637416,Recommended,394510,19565688,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Soryujen,"Great Shooter, Community is nice too !"
76561198026119879,Recommended,394510,19568918,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,SirJubs,"Join the Helldivers. I mean it. DO IT! And here is why:As a warning, this game is not a walk in the park. The easy missions are pretty easy but as soon as you hit about mediumdifficulty the game gets much harder. Paired with the immence amount of friendly fire that is involved in this title thisgame takes getting used to. But it is perhaps the funnest time i've had in a long time. The twin stick shooter is pairedwith an airdrop system that is interactive, fun, appealing, and actually has a skill curve to it. The game is community wideand everyone participates to compleate objectives. There are plenty of ways to customize your character and while i'veseen people who aren't great at the game, I  have encountered very few people trolling. Get the game. Its worth it."
,Recommended,394510,19562449,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pontooz,"In short: Awesome game, don't forget to buy the Digital Deluxe Edition. It's pretty much required."
,Recommended,394510,19567902,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RedDog,Pure Fun!Democracy Shall Reign!
76561198117099001,Recommended,394510,19563572,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,NsR,It's really good game worth buying
,Recommended,394510,19565415,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sumimachine.,Playing this game with my friends made me feel like stormtroopers.....BADASS ARMOR and HIGHER PERCENTAGE OF NOT HITTING ENEMIES......
,Recommended,394510,19561073,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,]NS[SkkyHigh,Buy it.It's AWESOME!
76561197986784831,Recommended,394510,19563619,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,mikiemnm,sooooo addicting
76561197993706088,Recommended,394510,19564607,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dance Commander,"Best Heinleinesk dystopian totalitarianism simulator this year so far, 10/10 would dive again."
,Recommended,394510,19570630,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cent,"Pretty much all the negative reviews focus around the DLC model. Most of the DLC is trash anyway, so only those who love (inferior) variety should think about getting the bundle packs. Purchase selectively if you want. Best DLC are: Demolition's Pack for satchel charges, Support Pack's laser carbine if you liked the standard beam weapon, and the Vehicle pack for the anti-tank mech. So, overpriced or sleazy or not, the DLC isn't even a factor.The rest of the game is simple, casual fun. It's basically a fleshed out Alien Swarm with a grindy community-metagame tacked onto it. There are more items/weapons/vehicles/gimmicks, but the game plays and feels the same. You drop into procedurally generated maps of varying difficulty with randomized objectives, blast everything and exfiltrate. Replayability comes purely from trying different combinations of loadouts, affecting your call-down abilities and starting kit.The game is really quite simple and fun, and has the content and replayability of a $15 game (the store descriptions of '100+ hours of gameplay' and 'hardcore' are... too optmistic), so I'd say that the only legitimate complaint is that it is only slightly overpriced right now."
,Recommended,394510,19569845,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Xander Ford,"Great game, but imo get it on sale. I have no idea how long will there be peeps on online multiplayer but so far I've had great games with random peeps."
,Recommended,394510,19563687,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BurnsRed,"Its a good game, if you buy the digital deluxe edition. Otherwise try and find the hidden gem that is the Reinforcements Mega Bundle for $25."
76561198015592396,Recommended,394510,19571477,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,🅴🅽🅴🆁🅶🅸🆉🅴,yes.
76561198036542032,Recommended,394510,19560430,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Nate,Shooting digital bad guys has rarely been this fun.
76561197996654455,Recommended,394510,19573293,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Kilajamaro,Excellent fun. Dropping pods on each just makes the game so entertaining. Then you realise you really need the teamwork to kick and you start wasting the bad guys. Definitely recommended for co-op!!
,Recommended,394510,19575972,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sheckley,get it
,Recommended,394510,19576409,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Breath_Of_Ice,Freedom and democracy! This game has both of them in abundance. And you've got to share with aliens!
,Recommended,394510,27898162,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wolfhelm,"Do you love democracy?Do you love spreading freedom with an iron fist?Do you love Starship troopers?Then this is the high octane, team killing, freedom spreading death run youve been looking for."
76561198006835216,Recommended,394510,29172555,Posted: 10 January,all,Khorne Flakes,"Only 10 Hours in, but a great fun little game, very replayable despite being quite pretty repetitive.Multiplayer is both hilarious and frustrating, but it's fast-paced and forgiving of mistakes."
76561198040542743,Recommended,394510,29465601,Posted: 24 January,all,Cat Vader_AUT,10/10 would die again
,Recommended,394510,28111771,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Danny Darko,A hot cup of Liber-tea!
76561198055136190,Recommended,394510,19501725,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,GigglingHyena,"The game has plenty of weapons and loadouts to choose from (even without the DLC's) to give it a good variety.  Despite only playing the game for a little over an hour, it's clear this game is a must buy (especially for it's price).  Even though the game is still good in single player (at least for the easy missions), it is a game meant to be played with friends, or online, to really fulfill how the game was meant to be played."
,Recommended,394510,31213249,Posted: 17 April,all,xenovorous,"At the beginning, you and your friends will flail about, and get turned into paste. In the middle, you will be fielding hard-earned new tools, and barking now-familiar terms. At the end, you will be in sync, moving as one, calmly cutting down swarms of enemies, taking objectives amidst hails of shrapnel, and fading away as reinforcements arrive to crush you.The music, visuals and attitude are infectious in a darkly sarcastic way. This game understands Verhoeven's Starship Troopers, and adds a dash of far-out Warhammer style.There are so many good design decisions. Many things are unlocked by filling your XP bar, but strategems, the most significant, are behind sets of missions that you must complete - you actually have to accomplish something.The controls are unbelievably polished for a top-down shooter. The turn rate and easing, the acceleration and momentum, it all gives your character weight. It's remarkably natural to take off the laser sight, and start aiming by feel. The vehicles are fun exaggerations of this.The gear progression is cleverly laid out like an invisible tutorial. Whether from experience or from missions, new stuff arrives in a logical order, slowly increasing the skill, risk, and reward. And for the most part, it is skill and risk that rewards you - the overall power progression is fairly flat. You do get more powerful, but only if you can use your ever-more dangerous tools competently, and in combination. Entry-level gear never gets obsolete. That makes the co-op extremely flexible between new and experienced players.The DLC is well-crafted and fun, but very optional. I find the core content still gives the most meaningful tactical breadth. And the snow boots feel like cheating."
,Recommended,394510,29595651,Posted: 30 January,all,Tom Hunter II,Starship troopers. Enough said. Buy it.
76561198086486110,Recommended,394510,19657696,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Chaosangel209,"Helldiver can easly be a 10/10 but there is one thing that holds the game back for me, that thing is the anlien home planet missions. they are just normal maps with normal objectives. one would think that a final battle to destroy the enemy for good would be some sort of special map, or some mission specific objectives, but no, just a 2x exp boost. Overall great game, that was my only complaint."
76561198008499096,Recommended,394510,19527684,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dalebee,"If Warhammer, and Srarship Troopers eiffel towered Majica this would be their baby :D Its alot like majica with machine guns, and bayonets."
76561198072545648,Recommended,394510,30422224,Posted: 10 March,all,mceachmny,Better than thought it would be. Very fun.
,Recommended,394510,28085791,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GunnarRoxen,"Starship Troopers, the game! Excellent fun in coop - it combines the best bits of Magika with the best bits of Starship Troopers for a great experience with many really nice touches."
,Recommended,394510,28310106,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CptJack[DFUE],"Except for the inbalance between Controller and Mouse/Keyboard - latter has advantages - this is one of the most balanced games I know. The controls feel good, the game-mechanics are well balanced and make sense, the gameplay is kept simple and it's great, the UI is straight forward, the humor is like you'd expect it from Arrowhead. It's fun solo and scales well with additional players. The strict friendly-fire gave me some of the hardest laughs. It's a simple game, that is not easy to master. When you fail, you fail because of yourself.Btw: One of the rare games with fair DLCs."
76561198223309056,Recommended,394510,28337678,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,FriendlyFryer,"I played this game for quite a while, and I've gotta say its a blast, even w/o friends. DLC is optional, and goes down a lot when a sale comes around. I havent spent anything on DLC content and im having the time of my life. PC or PS, its a great multiplayer experience, and i dont regret a single cent buying this gem. 11/10 would restart over"
76561198242846536,Recommended,394510,28602086,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,darkr478,"This real super game, but have mins-bags... This mini-bags do game some FUN :D"
,Recommended,394510,34947770,Posted: 14 September,all,Dave! Yognaught,"This game is so good!Play alone or play locally with your friendsKill some aliens.., or your friends. xDEither way, this is a must buy...so stop reading reviews and just get it already!!"
76561197969386272,Recommended,394510,19536246,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Jack Denham,"Starship Troopers, the twin stick shooter.Would you like to know more?The good:-visuals, love watching the bullet tracers-rock solid performance-little to no lag-fun co-op gameplayThe bad:-no singleplayer, maybe? Sure you can play missions by yourself, but there is no solo campaign.-short tutorial"
,Recommended,394510,20352763,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,[rs2.fi] Basso,"Awesome game with randoms, even better with friends. Needs deadzone adjustment for controller players. 9/10. Buy it now and begin to share democracy!"
,Recommended,394510,19533292,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ayphverus,"10/10 Would liberate the galaxy again, oh wait the game has no end, KEEP LIBERATING!"
,Recommended,394510,23900898,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cipher,It reminds me very much of Magika with a warhammer 40k feel.  Fun game so far. Hope they add more maps or DLC for simple skirmish missions.
76561197973989047,Recommended,394510,24181215,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Luxx_Jorge,Very fun twin stick shooter.  Magicka meets Starship troopers...
,Recommended,394510,23898043,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wright_Hear,Gaunlet-esque gameplay with fun customization for different playstyles and many different missions to grind through. This game can get incredibly difficult and they fully embrace the friendly fire.
,Recommended,394510,24209532,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,girinmobo,"we play game for fun, and i found this game.pros :- good gameplay 3rd person shooter multiplayer- best sever- always bring your friend who want to play more level (team work is needed)- almost no found, trash talk player (even you sooo canot be relied on)this game can more be great if ;- need more suit custom or something (no DLC)- need more mission , storymode or something- CROOS PLAY WITH PLAYSTASION PLSSS.... !!! damn i will buy on my Vita to if this will happen, no matter what the price... (really?) hahaconclusion :this game if WORTH to buy and play , buut still need more big update for new content :D"
76561198263992208,Recommended,394510,35281681,Posted: 28 September,all,TKmaster,Such a great fun multiplayer game! I enjoyed it so much with my friends
76561198050050239,Recommended,394510,28554253,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,bregard031,"Very inclusive to new players.Very challenging for hardcore gamers.The player choses difficulty level from mission to mission, ensuring a proper challenge for each kind of player & each team size. Enemy numbers scale for every joining player.Very adaptable to all levels of involvement.Missions are time frame blocks. A mission takes around 10-20 minutes to succeed, allowing you to casually play one as an interlude or chain them all day long, if you will, as downtime between missions can be so limited!Nice and modern multiplayer support.As it is Steam-supported, you can be in a mission with your friends in no time. Players can drop ""SOS-beacons"" in order to be reinforced in the middle of an underestimated mission."
76561198005079239,Recommended,394510,35309857,Posted: 29 September,all,ParaMedicGer,"Great fun with friends, I just would wish there was something like a story campaign."
,Recommended,394510,21384406,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BreadedSam,"Helldivers is a top-down twin stick shooter from developer Arrowhead, on the surface this description is underwhelming but through a combination of diverse enemies and addictive gameplay it has the potential to be the very best in its genre.On starting the game you are greeted with a slick recruitment video giving you all the motivation you need to drop into enemy territory. You are a Helldiver and that means making the safety of Super Earth your personal responsibility, using a huge range of weapons you will spread “managed democracy” across the galaxy one bullet (or laser or toxic goo or missile or fire etc…) at a time. It takes a very satirical approach to the messaging reminiscent of 1998 masterpiece Starship Troopers.First up is the graphics, they are not genre defining and by no means the selling point of the game but Helldivers is pretty to look at. By utilising vivid colors and an almost cartoon quality Helldivers is easy on the eye, throughout my time with Helldivers I experienced no graphical or frame rate issues. Most impressive are the weapon effects, each weapon handles very differently and you can plainly see the time and effort that has gone in to the various animations. Bullets from a LMG spray across the screen with smoking shells flying and laser guns overheat with smoke rising from the weapon, it is this attention to detail that really gives this game an edge. The only weapon that left me slightly disappointed was the flamethrower, the first spews out in a steady stream rather than the sustained wide destruction you would want from such a weapon especially as the effects on all other weapons are done so well.Sound next, whilst lacking in variety the score is a perfect representation of how quickly things can turn bad for a Helldiver. As you land on the planet and are exploring you will be treated with a quiet mellow tune, this will quickly change when you are greeted with waves of enemies. There is nothing like standing back to back with your squad awaiting extraction as dramatic music reminiscent of final battles in big budget Hollywood movies plays, again it is these moments that set Helldivers apart from other top down action games.Now the gameplay, this is where Helldivers really shines and this is what will keep you coming back to play it again and again. The premise is simple, you with up to three others drop on an enemy planet and you are given a series of objectives that you can complete or fail. Failing a single objective does not fail mission, you will still get the chance to extract but will be penalised when it comes to receiving XP. Helldivers is simple on paper but I cannot stress enough, this game is addictive as hell! I can’t remember the last time a game completely consumed me and I have not been able to put it down since purchasing it.You will face three different alien races as a Helldiver. The Illuminate are an advanced bunch, capable of futurist feats and able to kill you in a single blow with a shot from one of their laser cannons. Next are the Cyborgs, these guys are heavily armed and to face them you should be to, unless you want to end up as roadkill underneath one of their hulking tanks. Finally, my personal favourite, the Bugs. These come in all shapes and sizes and can prove quite deadly to an inexperienced squad.How you tackle these three enemies differs massively, having a single load out will simply not cut it. Take the time in the lower difficulty zones to see how the enemy operates and find their weaknesses. This should adequately prepare you for what is to come but you can never be sure and believe me when I say everything in Helldivers is out to kill you but more on that later.There is simply so much to this game that completionists will easily be able to squeeze 100 hours of gameplay from Helldivers. You collect research points which allow you to upgrade weapons or stratagems, you get these by either collecting samples found in the map and by levelling up your character. When you have collected enough you are presented with so many options it can be a tough choice. Do you upgrade your machine gun to hold more rounds? Do you upgrade your APC to give more protection to your team? The list goes on but it is important to say that all of the upgrades have meaning and will change the way you play, nothing feels tacked on for the sake it.It is a good idea to make your character strong as mentioned previously everything in Helldivers is out to kill you. Not only is friendly fire always on but the pods your teammates arrive in, defence turrets, mines or vehicles will instantly kill you if you are not careful. Even trying to play the game defensively can quickly end badly. Death for a single  Helldiver is not the end of the mission however, as long as one teammate is alive (and the stratagem isn’t on cooldown) your dead teammates can be dropped back into the action…just be sure to not stand underneath them when they do.Helldivers does a very good job of making you feel part of an army with the galactic war set up. The war is fought on three sides representing the three different alien races, as you complete missions and secure planets in a particular zone you will eventually reach the alien home world. This will start a timed event calling all Helldivers to focus their efforts to defeat the enemy. Alternatively if there are not enough Helldivers fighting the alien scum the war can reach Super Earth, much like reaching a home world all Helldivers will be called to defend their home.Besides the small selection of music and underwhelming graphics the one major downside to this game is not capitalising on its humorous tone and Starship Trooper inspiration. Whilst your character will occasionally shout hilarious comments as they fight the enemy this is all we see, I would have loved to see more cutscenes and perhaps be introduced to interesting characters within the universe.Helldivers gets a score of 90/100. Besides its lack of story content, uninspired visuals and relatively small selection of music the gameplay easily makes you forget all of that. In fact without those minor issues Helldivers would be a perfect game. Helldivers provides some of the best white knuckle co-op action I have ever played and there is no better feeling than making it off a planet swarming with enemies with your whole squad. This game is definitely worth a full purchase as you will want to keep coming back…and bring friends, it gets dangerous out there!"
,Recommended,394510,21334952,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Krusty,The only good moba. In my experience.
,Recommended,394510,21439295,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Orange Juice ✅,It's pretty fun
76561197993286900,Recommended,394510,21504769,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,theskinnyboy,"This is a great game if you like Gauntlet-style overhead gameplay, this is your game.  It's got great graphics and quick and easy gameplay.  It also has a great sense of humor.  I recommend it!"
,Recommended,394510,21439553,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MaxxKorn,"If you liked Magicka, you'll enjoy HELLDIVERS."
,Recommended,394510,21490530,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KuroiBlazr,The only problem I have is that I can't link my playstation account with my steam one. Kinda sucks having to go back through and re-unlock weapons and stratagems.
,Recommended,394510,21333537,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,KING OF THE MOON,"Joined a mission. Once I got there my drop pod landed on an APC with all 3 of my teammates in it, killing them instantly. A swarm of angry cyborgs slaughtered me less than a second later. Mission failed.That's right, I ruined a whole mission just by joining.10/10. This game is excellent."
,Recommended,394510,21353152,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Saul,"DEMOCRACY IS NON-NEGOCIABLE!The most fun I've had in a Co-operative game in a long time. Brilliant and addicting, non stop fun. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,394510,21357284,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,HaxorBob,"Good game, takes a bit to get into"
,Recommended,394510,21380659,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Stainless,Do you like Starship Troopers? Do you like Sgt. Johnson from Halo?If yes then you already love HELLDIVERS!
,Recommended,394510,21495851,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,CC | Zeffie,Simply amazing strategy
76561198275965878,Recommended,394510,21506844,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,KC_EDI Desert Monk,Hell of a lot fun and action packed!
76561198040905761,Recommended,394510,21388543,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BobNilsson,Very fun.
,Recommended,394510,21392837,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Dragux,"Join the Helldivers™ they said... See the Galaxy they said... Get droppoded,shot,mauled,Crushed,Crunched,Chewed,gobbled,cut,stabbed, and Electrocuted all in one session they said...Helldivers, The game where friendships get destroyed faster than you can say ""RELOADING!""9/10 <lost one point due to the shared screenIt is a game that really is a must have, the makers of magicka sure have outdone themselves!"
76561197964265262,Recommended,394510,21487060,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Maniac Mike,"God damn this game is GOOD. If you and some friends are bored and searching for an entertaining title to play, look no further. I was reluctant to purchase this due to the whole over head camera view, never really been drawn to this style of game. I noticed it had full controller support so I figured I'd give this a shot before keyboard and mouse.Bottom line, get a controller for this game. Not only will it make it more enjoyable, you will absolutely need it when you start taking on the higher difficulty setting. Oh..and if you don't have a controller, it's worth a purchase solely for this.HELLDIVERS provides you with some of the most intense, white knuckle moments you will experience in a game out today. It takes only 1 of your team mates to not be completely focused to bring an entire mission into shambles. Team work, strategy and communication is KEY. Higher difficulties are not for the faint of heart. Never have I experienced such a sense of accomplishment after finishing a difficulty I didn't think was possible beating. This game will push you and your friends to your absolute limits, it's one HELL of a ride, or should I say dive."
76561198059879379,Recommended,394510,21329071,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,GMO \[T]/ Quinn,"Great game, I just wish the dlc cost only 20 dollars for all not 44."
76561198122742011,Recommended,394510,34512846,Posted: 26 August,all,"Sombra, the last immigrant","HELLDIVERS is a great game that promotes teamwork over skill. though you might be able to clear some of the higher difficulty missions alone a team is pretty much requierd if you wish to grab those sweet rewards available at the hardest difficulties. The friendly-fire mechanic in the game requires you to focus alot on team coordination and not just shoting at the first enemy you see, aswell as causing some rather hilarious situations.Also no worries about running out of missions sense each mission will have a new set of randomly chosen objectives forcing you to come up with a new plan for every mission.However the game doesen't come without it's downsides, one of them being the way the in-game campaign works. Sure it's fun working together with the community to gather enough points to conquer a piece of the enemies territory. However the problem lies in the fact that once you defeat and conquer an enemies home planet you will not be able to play against them for the rest of the galactic war (usually lasting for around 2-3 weeks). This leads to for example the ""bugs"" being defeated within week making it imposible to play against them for another 1-2 weeks which can be quite discouraging at times.Next is the science point system which honestly is one of my favourite parts of the game. during your missions you have a chance of coming across samples on the ground, gather ten of those and you get a science point. These points are used to uppgrade/unlock weapons and stratagems but they are far to easy to aquire and the uppgrades are way to cheap. This causes higher level players to walk around with tremendous amounts of science points they have no use for. I dont like the fact that the hole idea of running around the map searching for samples is just rendered meaningless once you get far enough into the game.Still though, no game comes without it's flaws and i think this is an amazing game if you want to team up with some friends and just have a good time."
,Recommended,394510,20443562,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,☠฿₤₫¢₭₲±Ø$₮☠,Drop in to save the day instead wipe out the whole team 10/10
,Recommended,394510,20442910,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Redstorm,"Are you really going to give up that easily, HELLDIVER?"
76561197984242788,Recommended,394510,20434384,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Jinglez,"I was surprised by how much I liked this game once I discovered it.It is a brutal action packed experience, which is meant to be done cooperatively.Difficulty ranges from: barely trying to impossible. Good, attentive and cooperative team mates make all the difference here especially because It is very easy to slaughter your comrades, through pure accident, or neglect. and equiping yourself properly before each mission is also a priority, as ammunition is limited, and certain foes require that you pull out the big guns.Positives:Beautiful Graphic style.Explosive, and very fun gameplay.Team-tactics and strategy is made very dynamic by the Stratagen system, and unique enemies which force you to fight with more then just small arms fire.Simple, yet intuitive GUI.Community based campaign with randomly generated maps and missions.Expansive progression system.Negatives:Repetitive voice overs.limited number of objective typesSometimes it is hard to find a suitable multiplayer match.The filter/public lobby join menu seems buggy at times.Score: 8.2 / 10"
76561198007014290,Recommended,394510,20963249,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Svarog,Great 4 player cool top down action game.
76561198039776545,Recommended,394510,20404493,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BattyRoy,Nearly perfect game. Maybe you all will learn some tactics and stop killing each other on accident. Friendly fire isn't.
76561198032831783,Recommended,394510,20962765,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Vrl.MrgnlFrq,"Our armor operator prepares to call down a Heavily Armored Vehicle to keep us from getting blasted by cyborg tanks... meanwhile I'm in the corner trying to throw fire on everything with a pulse. Enemy flanks us right as I go to drop a firewall, and downs me mid-throw.. my beacon drops right at my teams feet. As this is happening, three tanks and some heavily armored jabba the hutt show up and start shooting rockets and 5mm rounds in every freaking direction. The HAV beacon finally goes off, while all my teammates dive out of the way to avoid the napalm I just condemned them with. I'm already dead, so I get a front row seat as ALL THREE OF MY TEAMMATES DIVE ONTO THE HAV BEACON, ONLY TO BE CRUSHED TO DEATH AFTER A 35 MINUTE MISSION.It was fun. I'd do it again.10/10"
76561198250073178,Recommended,394510,20398786,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,THE_MARTIAN,"If you like starship trooper and the way they deal with their opponents then you're in the right place.Though be warned there are a few things to keep in the back of your mind while playing this, things that bugged my buddies when I had then try it on my PS4 when I had one.1: No auto reload (Always have to relaod manually)2: Vulnerability when prone (can't fire any form of weaponry when prone)BUT those are what I find makes the game more ""challenging"". whenever you're facing a swarm of tuff enemies and your clip is out, the reload time can get you killed so for that time it right.I've played maybe over 100 hours of this game back on my PS4 and was one of the reasons why I kept the consol. Good game, fun, great art (if you like the cartoony kind of look).Question: ""Is it worth the 20$""? ... Yes but maybe NOT the 40 dollar one, You're probably not going to use half of the DLC anyways. Pick what you ultimately need because if you pick what seems the ""coolest"" equipement then the enemy will tear you a new one. Now get out there and spread MANAGED DEMOCRACY!!!"
76561198096961328,Recommended,394510,20400835,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dragon knight,I don't like  it but I LOVE IT 10/10 best game ever well spent I will love this game even more if it will come to xbox one I will be amazed if it does come
,Recommended,394510,21292088,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Saber_Alter,"L'enfer, c'est les autresHell is other people他人即地狱----------------Jean-Paul Sartre"
,Recommended,394510,19867223,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[СCСР☭]Gasmask mun,"""Prepare for be ♥♥♥♥ed by a long♥♥♥♥♥♥of Democracy you aliens ♥♥♥♥s"".... what?"
,Recommended,394510,27226805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Melko,Every single hour playing Helldivers has been a blast. The game does everything right in most fun ways. Looking forward to playing it again when possible. Pick it up on sale with all DLCs and try if you never did. Be sure to download mouse pointer software for comfort. Enjoy!
76561198042206645,Recommended,394510,31536378,Posted: 3 May,all,Ravingrabidmoose,"Fun game, especially with friends. Don't be put off by all the dlc, the best loadouts are stock anyway, the only exception being the all-terrain boots, but those are interchangable with the jet pack anyway. You're always outnumbered and out gunned, so it really forces you to work with your teammates. Very challenging, but also satisfying."
,Recommended,394510,21081658,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Teot,"Bought this to a friendNever played with me10/10  coop partnerotherwise, game is fun"
,Recommended,394510,20945453,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Wolfe [13JTF],liber-tea/10
,Recommended,394510,19895144,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Broken,"จะมีอะไรสนุกมากไปกว่าการได้ดูตัวเองและทีมตายซ้ำตายซากถ้าคุณคิดว่าคุณคือผู้ล่า...คุณคิดผิด นี่คือเกมวิ่งมาราธอน นี่คือเกมลอบสังหาร, ทำภารกิจแบบเงียบๆจงอย่าให้พวกมันรู้ตัว จงฆ่าหน่วยลาดตระเวนของพวกมันให้ไวที่สุดเท่าที่คุณจะทำได้เพราะถ้ามันส่งสัญญาณได้เมื่อไหร่... ความสนุกจะเริ่มเมื่อนั้น10/10ไม่ต้องคิดไรมาก ราคาเต็มหรือลดราคาก็คุ้ม"
,Recommended,394510,19548299,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PunkZedB,I'm doing my part.Are you?
,Recommended,394510,25064704,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Rippy,"A fantastic exploring game, going around and exploring different planets, gathering intel, scenery and doing geo surveys.Game changing terrains from snow covered planets, hot molten volcano, sandstorm, rain, lush jungles, deserts, wasteland, grass plains, swamps, mountains, underwater and even urban areas too.Clean, green and unseen would be the words to describe Helldivers.Great game for explorers and adventurers type players."
76561198118614815,Recommended,394510,28779641,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shatterstars88 (Bumblebee),My friends told me not to use the motercycle so i did and then i killed them and got them very angry.Im not allowed to use the motercycle anymore.
76561198049721593,Recommended,394510,30665428,Posted: 22 March,all,Maroullos,Amazing game!
,Recommended,394510,30663318,Posted: 21 March,all,kiDŌ,You just have to fight for super earth.
76561198024554741,Recommended,394510,27202010,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SneakySquid,LAUNCH YOURSELF INTO THE DEPTHS OF HELLBATLLE THE HORRORS THAT THREATEN YOUR HOME AND FAMILYLIBERATE YOUR FOES FROM THEIR BODIES WITH THE ARMS OF DEMOCRACYFOR DEMOCRACYFOR SUPER EARTH
,Recommended,394510,20238003,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[V-M] Proteus,"Absolutely fantastic.If you liked Alien Swarm, you'll love this game. This is also the best (albeit unofficial) Starship Troopers game I've ever played and I played Terran Ascendancy!Definitely pick this one up on sale and make sure to get the digital deluxe edition, gives you all the extra content such as sidegrades & cosmetic items.Easily an 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,394510,19915454,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,M3rcer,"DLC controversyYes the game has ""Day One"" dlc. The game also came out earlier this year on the PS4. Every dlc was sold first on the PS4 then ported to PC. There is a digital deluxe edition you can buy which contains all the dlc. Make of it what you will.TL:DRDecent game with friends. Pub can be nightmare sometimes with inexperienced players. Single player is boring most of the time except for farming samples. Buy it if you want fast paced shooter where you can ""accidentally"" teamkill another player.StoryNot much to say. Earth is united into Super Earth. The government is done through Managed Democracy where you answer some questions and the computer votes for you as to not make uncertain and ""wrong"" votes. You take to the galaxy ""spread"" managed democracy and ""secure"" needed resources. You will meet interesting people including cyborgs, bugs, and the illuminati. If you think this is spoilers well tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously the lore is there, story not so much.Also the ""lore progression"" is done by having the entire community helping each gain influence and launching an assault on a homeworld. And so you conquer the race and win/lose wars. It is possible to lose a war. At current rate I would say that time is not really near, for winning or losing.GameplayI started playing this with a controller. Had trouble consistently aiming with weapons that require precision, such as the ""Justice"" assault rifle. I switched to mouse and keyboard and never had trouble aiming ever again.Friendly fire is on; always. See the trailer how you nuke your own team? Or when the shuttle that was supposed to evac you out crushed everyone? Yeah that can happen. You can teamkill; or what they call accidentals, very easily. Casually spamming your laser ""Sickle"" or that shotgun and suddenly your teammate runs in front and gets gibbed.Your loadouts consist of Perk, Primary Weapon, and 4 strategems.Hp is a bit different than most other games. For the Helldivers (you/players) if your hp goes below half you will be incapacitated. You can still move slowly. You can shoot with your pistol and reload it if need be. You can get yourself up by holding the interact button. Note that the enemies can still hit you while your incapped. Also some attacks will outright kill you.Vehicles generally have a lot of hp. However, if it goes down below a certain threshold it will become unusable and slowly take damage until it explodes. There is a repair strategem you can use to heal it back up.Strategems are like items you take with you into a game. But they have to be activated after you're in the game. For example. There is a resupply strategem which contains ammo, grenades, and special ammo for certain weapons. You call it down to the map by holding the strategem button and pressing the up,down,left,right combinations. You will then hold a beacon which you can aim and throw it a certain distance. Now depending on the strategem. You will either drop in a hellpod; which can kill your teammates/self, or some kind of damage.You unlock Perks and Primary Weapons through leveling up. You unlock Strategems by completing planets. To complete a planet you need to finish the missions. You start with 2 missions per planet and increase to 3 at higher difficulties. Each mission has 3 objectives and increase to 6 at higher difficulties.You can not upgrade Perks, but you can upgrade weapons and Strategems using research points. Research points are earned every 10 samples. Samples are collected during missions. For this reason I highly suggest buying at least the Range dlc. The sniper ""Camper"" that comes with it is so-so. But the UAV drone strategem that comes with it is essential for farming samples to upgrade your gear. Fully upgraded it can detect the samples. To fully upgrade it costs 4 research points or 40 samples. Relatively that is a small investment compared to the time it would take finding samples without it.SingleplayerBoring as hell sometimes. You would do it to farm samples or get certain achievements. But it gets real old real quick.Coop/MultiplayerThis is where the game is meant to be played. With people. Sometimes you join a random game and everyone knows what they're doing. Everyone clicks. Other times you join inexperienced people and get slightly frustrated or laugh as hellpods land on everyone.VerdictBuy it for the fast paced shooter with coop."
76561198037155450,Recommended,394510,20496798,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,McGooley,Great enjoyment!
76561197998020861,Recommended,394510,32850016,Posted: 27 June,all,dogfishpaws,Dropping a pod on your friend in the chaos - most fun I ever had in multiplayer.
,Recommended,394510,19553393,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bangcat,"Fans of the Aliens, Starship Troopers, and just about any similar franchises, will find good fun here. The control methods may seem different for some things at first, but then make so much sense and work well to the atmosphere and design. A bit of dark humor liters the scene with a parody of social commentary that can be appreciated our dismissed at will paints the atmosphere well.More importantly it's even more fun than you think it is from the videos.Those harping on the amount of DLC, it's because this game has been out for a long while on Sony systems and makes for an easy pick and choose purchase design and you can still be plenty effective without them as you unlock the plethora of gear by simply playing through your adventures with friends and new friends.The game's truly, and literally, drop in and out gameplay means you'll rarely ever lose progress. People who lost connection usually won't stop the rest from rolling. Lost connection but made it to near the end before your rewards could be listed? relax, the game let's you know you didn't lose your hard earned rewards.Died from a friend doing something daft? All part of some of the most funny moments you'll witness and the reinforcements calls often come flying to bring you back in.Don't let the starting Controls and deaths scare you, this one makes a lot of sense, really fast, and thigh Magicka 2 didn't quite deliver, this one has for some time and does so greatly with STEAM's help of feely connecting people so well.Rejoice for everyone from mech pilots, tank crusaders, combat medics, weapons specialists, and those who like to help heavy weapons speed lad from behind will find smart ways to play and enjoy some hilarious moments when done of it goes wrong and in ways you can understand why.In short, it's like a Warhammer 40K Imperial Guard Specialists simulator and some how the Captain of your ship is a certain luck riddled Commissar who decided to drive you where the fleet things you won't mess up to bad and the administratum are happy to throw you access to new gear for throwing yourselves into the teeth of xenos and tech heresy.Not a short enough version? This game gives you more in game play than you expect too, and entertainment is inevitable."
,Recommended,394510,32894237,Posted: 27 June,all,JayFig,I love democracy
76561198071596671,Recommended,394510,33328896,Posted: 6 July,all,Ansatsu,"So basically this game its the result of a world where America takes control of the earth and then they are spreading democracy and liberty all around the galaxy.911/10 The game still amazing.Good job Arrowhead, incredible co-op game"
76561197965064364,Recommended,394510,28889669,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,X_Light_Guy,Can't.... stop.... playing....  must ..... neglect.... family..... for freedom!!!!!
,Recommended,394510,28640133,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The Knight of The Abyss,"I saw that I had this game in my wishlist so, i descided to wait 24 hours till i could descide whether i wanted to get it, because i mean its  steam sale, you got to look at other options. plus i read the reviews positive and negative. The negative reviews I dont really understand about them complaining about closed screen area, so it was a bit questionable, but after i bought it and played my first mission, it was fun to have other players just pop in unexpected, I was confused about them popping in, but after they all poped in, then the fun began. I recommend this game to anybody looking for online multiplayer fun and singleplayer fun."
,Recommended,394510,19542807,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[♫] ZnC,"Epic game to play with friends, even great with random players.A+ Would die again."
,Recommended,394510,19568271,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Seebaaa,American Galaxy The game : Freedom edition
,Recommended,394510,19571564,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,This game's pretty good.Freedom/10Liberty/10Democracy/10
,Recommended,394510,28633800,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shiretaro,">be me>join co-op 3 man squad>start landing phase>my landing port accidently slammed a comrade>reinforce back the squad while calling supply drop>""A NEW HELLDIVER READY TO DEPLOY FOR COMBAT"">get slammed by new Helldivers while calling11/10 would slammed and be slammed by comrade.P/S: It would be nice if we could get custom voice from Samuel L Jackson or Terry Crews for this. Just like X-Com 2."
76561198028324254,Recommended,394510,28924957,Posted: 1 January,all,Pu Pu Pratter,"I have been waiting to play this game for quite some time to fill the void left by Alien Swarm and finally picked it up when it was on sale for $15.99.  For the first few levels this game is fun.  Until you realize the 3 MAJOR design flaws that you will be fighting with every single time you play.  Bear in mind that I am playing with a mouse and keyboard.1)  You are tethered to your allies and CANNOT ZOOM OUT.  Many of your weapons can fire off screen... there is NO WAY to spot off screen and if you look at your map when there are enemies around 50% chance you will be dead soon.  I understand that this is done to ""increase teamwork""  or ""strategic gameplay"" but it is a terrible handicap that you will be forced to die for over and over and over and over.  THERE IS AN INVISIBLE BARRIER THAT YOU CANNOT MOVE PAST.  This is what is really happening, you are being forced to stop by an arbitrary obstacle that is completely made up.  This is WORSE than Alien Swarm the game from 2010.2)  Your aiming mechanics (with mouse and keyboard) are sluggish and poorly designed.  If I am on foot I can move the mouse around but until I aim, I will not look in the direction I was mousing over.  However, when I am in a mech the aiming is linked to my mouse cursor location.  This is totally inconsistent and stupid.  It obviously should always follow my mouse cursor like in the mech.  Why this was overlooked is idiotic.  This is WORSE than Alien Swarm the game from 2010.3)  Your cursor is barely visible until you aim (with mouse and keyboard).  Yet, when you aim you slow down.  This makes something as simple as running from a group of enemies and turning around to shoot them sometimes too clumsy to pull off... as you will still be aiming in the direction that you were running when you try and turn around to fire.  This can sometimes take 1 to 2 seconds which will kill you if you are running from cyborg dogs for example.  Because your cursor is barely visible until you aim, you will lose sight of it on a regular basis.  The option that states cursor is always on does NOT make your crosshair on all the time and therefore the option is completely useless.  There is no option to change the color of the crosshair or make it so that it actually IS always on, or even change your crosshair type.  This is WORSE than Alien Swarm the game from 2010.I do still recommend this game as it is a lot of fun and the multiplayer is great.  Unfortunately, this game could easily have been the greatest of its' genre, but it is reduced to merely above average due to EXTREME flaws (or incredibly poor game design whichever you believe).  For some reason Helldivers insists on making walking around and shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥unneccessarily comlicated and somehow manages to be worse at it than Alien Swarm despite knowing EXACTLY what made that game so awesome.  This game does offer more replayability and options, however in the game mechanics department this game is not as good as the 6-7 year old Alien Swarm in the game and that is both sad and pathetic."
76561198003481674,Recommended,394510,19559965,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Gojosin,"Are you ready to protect the peace and freedom and liberty of SUPER EARTH?!  If your answer is no, please report to your local 'Adjustment Advisor' for being a commie cyborg sympathizer.  If the answer is yes, then join the HELLDIVERS!  Meet new people, then shoot them.  See new places, then blow them up.Be the hero, nay, the LEGEND that SUPER EARTH needs!-----------HELLDIVERS(TM) is a game about Orbitally dropping onto random alien worlds, completing objectives, then extracting while killing massive amounts of aliens and spending untold numbers of bullets.It's a twin-stick shooter (Mouse and Keyboard work fairly well, actually) from the good people who brought you things like Magicka, only Sci-fi and as non-serious as normal.  Lots of cool weapons and stuff to unlock makes this a great game. Just remember, if you're down and not going to be able to get back up, call a resupply as quick as you can."
,Recommended,394510,19569335,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,819Gaming,"Pro's+ Great fun to play, (I imagine its even more fun with friends)+ Three different factions all play differently enough to be interesting+ Doesn't take itself too seriously, gives me the odd chuckle now and then+ Great graphics for a top-down game+ Great gunplay+ Fun choosing you're favourite selection of strategems+ Progression always feels rewarding+ Unforgiving levels makes teamwork a vital+ Community driven galaxy campaign gives meaning to playing the gamefor a ""greater good""+ Cool references to films (Expected from Arrowhead Studios) like Starship TroopersCon's- Typical Arrowhead Studios DLC strategy (but still not acceptible)- Game can be frustrating at times- Limited resolution options- Game goes from Fullscreen to Windowed on Alt-tabbing- Can get repetitiveOverall I'd give this game an 8/10"
,Recommended,394510,19561066,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SeriousSam,"This game's like if Alien Swarm (UT2K4), and Crimsonland had a baby. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,394510,30419923,Posted: 9 March,all,GGaM,"Let's start this off by saying: At the time of writing this review I have NOT had tons of time playing the game, only 4 hours.But 4 hours is enough for me to recommend this game to anyone who loves brutal games.HELLDIVERS™ is a top-down shooter about fighting cyborgs, aliens, and giant bugs. You have two weapons: Your primary and secondary. There is an abundance of different guns in the primary section but unfortunately not a lot in the secondary section (as far as I know). But the guns in both sections are unique in their own way and are very fun to play around with. Oh, and one more thing to describe the game: This game fits the name very well. Because you are literally making your way into hell. This game is relentless on how difficult it can get, even with simple base troops. I once did a WWI run through a level and got pounded into the dirt numerous times, and was only saved at the end by a player who joined me. Speaking of players joining, it's completely optional. When playing in a mission you have the option of putting down an Emergency Beacon, which is just saying you are now welcoming people to join your game. It can be incredibly helpful if you find yourself in a tight situation. The only thing I can really say I don't like about the game is the trolls who linger in the servers or find yours. One time I had gone into a mission where you simply get a certain amount of kills to win and I summoned a mech (Oh yeah you can summon mechs and vehicles at your will, but only once per mission.) and someone summoned one directly next to it, meaning after mine spawns, his will destroy it and he'll take his. 3 times this happened in that mission (With turret/sentry emplacements) before I gave up and didn't summon anything. But it's not much of a dealbreaker knowing those trolls will not be in EVERY server. Another thing I find difficult and annoying at times (But it is of course part of the fun of this game) is the fact that friendly fire is always turned on, meaning you need to watch yourself for enemy attacks/friendly attacks, watch your fire so you know you're hitting an enemy and not a friendly, watch your emplacements so they don't kill you or your team, watch your teammates to see if they eyeball you funny, and watch where the enemies are coming from so you know where to shoot. Other than the little nicks that can get irritating, I find this game incredibly fun and I recommend it to anyone who loves a challenge."
,Recommended,394510,19576997,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mushu-Wu,"If Sony now releases their games on Steam, then perhaps Bloodborne..."
76561198296341775,Recommended,394510,23754785,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Azari Zen,"One of the best twin stick shooters (can be played with keyboard and mouse, too) I've ever played! Not a fan of every aspect of the game -- I don't like the retaliatory strikes or enemy boss battles (way too hard and boring, imo) -- but this is a must play for lovers of twin stick shooters. It's meant to be played co-op -- which you can do with up to 3 others local or online in any combination -- but a good chunk of it can be played solo (even the retaliatory strikes, if you're good enough). I very much like the Starship Troopers movie influence. I recommend it wholeheartedly!EDIT: The DLCs are highly recommended for some powerful weapons that make playing the game solo easier and the All-Terrain pack is pretty much a must have. Without it, you move at a snail's pace in snow or water."
76561197980023871,Recommended,394510,34470536,Posted: 24 August,all,SandmanCan,Awesome COOP
,Recommended,394510,28807735,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dr. Kush,Very unique concept and very good map design.
,Recommended,394510,28382786,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,venom158,"Support this game.It has 96% (time of review) positive reviews for a reason.P.S Demolistions DLC is Completely broken, buy it if you want to breeze through most high level missions.Is that a bad thing?? I'll let you decide that for yourself."
,Recommended,394510,19576073,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sir Spinxington,"I bought this game as I heard of it briefly in the past with its PS4 release but never really saw gameplay. I bought it as I was bored, stumbled across it on the steam store and thought yeah that looks fun. Half way though the download I realised how much I definately didnt want this game as it seemed like a basic game someone had thrown together for abit of money. I played it abit thinking we'll see how it goes. Normally Im a £1 per hour gamer with unknown or some games. However 8 hours in I can see Im going to get my £25 worth of enjoyment from this game in all its Digital Deluxe glory.The almost constant threat of death or failure or letting your team down or KILLING your team makes almost every second a insanely fun dash to survive/win/excel. With all the weapon or stratagem/air drop upgrades and combo you need to learn your playstyle and the enemies. As well as your teammates.My only real issue (its a personal one) is that the DLC is just there. You just get it I wish it was level unlocked so I would work for it but to be fair they are average weapons no better or worse then the core game ones and you have to unlock research points to upgrade so really you still have to work for it.Great Game look forward to playing the hell out of it."
,Recommended,394510,19575368,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Litanah,"Well, what are you waitin' for? You apes wanna live forever?!?!Go buy it already - CHAAAAAAAAAAARGE!"
76561198038110780,Recommended,394510,24574697,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Alex,"The Only Good Bug Is A DEAD Bug... and Cyborg...and Illuminate..The lovechild of Starship  Troopers and Halo, that is what this game is.  The game has an infinite story, meaning you will always be fighting, be it in a squad or Lone Wolf style.  The most basic difficulty ""Dive in the Park"" is without a doubt the easiest the game will ever be. On the contrary, the ""HELLDIVER"" diffilctuy is the most difficult, and in my opinion the most fun. You are able to play solo  online throught swuad privacy settings, or set it to public and allow randoms to join the eternal fight to spread Democracy throughout the Galaxy. The game is great for people looking to relax with freinds, or act out a Space Soldier fantasy made popular in so many of the great sci-fi hit movies. Some things to note however if you do consider purchasing this gameThe Ranger DLC is highly recommended, the UAV is essential for quick collection of research samples and finding hidden black boxes across the mapThe Terrain Specialist is pretty much required to complete any of the snow planets, or forrest planets with large swamps. The DLC should be free but that is another story for another timeIf youre looking for a game that involves grinding, look no further. To be fair, you recieve unlocks every time you level up, up to level 30. After that everything is merely bragging rights, and trying to get that ellusive level 50 Admiral Armour.Each DLC is $2.99, but you can get them all in the Digital Deluxe Version of the Game for $39.99, whcih I highly reccomend, becasue as of now, you save about 10 bucks, if you were to buy them each individually.As stated above, HELLDIVERS is a great game wether you play with freinds, randoms or solo. I would give this game a 9/10. Its an all around great game for the price, regardless of which version you buy.And remember#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIts Us Or ThemSee You In The Field Soldier"
76561197960336623,Recommended,394510,25003589,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,[JiF][AARP]Grimp,We have nicknamed it Cape Dancers.Purchased it specifically to play with Steam controller and Steam link. As it was a console game it plays very well with the controllers on the TV.The game itself is fun to play especially with a group of friends who can take a TK or two in stride. Maybe 5 or 6 TKs.While waiting on the bridge try playing musical pods if you have already received your Dancing Queen achievement.Give me liberty and give them death!
,Recommended,394510,30455152,Posted: 11 March,all,GmodBrah,i found friends
76561198155382606,Recommended,394510,24795677,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ronald Reagan,"A twin-stick shooter with a lot of character and fun. Start off with nearly no firepower but then you get airstrikes, nukes, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥LAZORS. In short the game is easy to get into with its good community, but dlc is a little P2W."
,Recommended,394510,27365865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DCello,Perfection.
,Recommended,394510,28790478,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Punisher,Amazeballs.
,Recommended,394510,19560304,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Miporin,"tl;dr""It is refreshed to see a decent console port. It can be challenging, and fun to play. Although it may NOT be suitable for anyone.""Here is my full thought:Graphic and FXNothing extraordinary to see here, though, they have done a good job making it fits nicely with the gameplay. There are some improvements over its console part, and clearly, it runs with decent performance on my medium-tier rig.AudioSurprisingly, there are more to the in-game audio than it seems (for this kind of game anyway). There is a little difference when shooting in different locations / areas, which give the sound a little more dynamic touch than hearing the same sound fx over and over again.The Helldivers' responses are plenty, can be funny, can be annoying, and at times, it suits very well in the heat of the fight for survival. You can actually play the game without having to talk on the mic, as most of the time your avatar will says what you are doing out loud.The basic command radio is there (Yes, No, Stop, Move) to help coordinating with your team too, which is more than welcomed for this kind of game, and it is quick and simple, no going through clumsy UI during gameplay.GameplayI won't be going into detailed gameplay since you can find them easily already, though, I will be mentioned on certain aspects.The tethered-screen gameplay, shared screen, locked screen, or whatever you may call it. It is NOT a bug (there are people asking the dev to fix this), but a design choice to encourage teamplay. It fits the gameplay nicely, though it can be VERY annoying when you have those deaf, blind, and selfish trigger-happy player(s) on the team. (not that many since those kind will get frustrated, and stopped playing, then start complaining)The game is OBJECTIVE-BASED, not KILL-EVERY-ENEMIES, kind of game, so most of the time, your goals are to complete them (or fail them on purpose) and extract. You won't get anything out from keep on shooting enemies, unless the objective says so. (apart from steam archievement)Here is the interesting part, the game feels a little bit likes sandbox-type game, where you are given things to play with, how you play is yours to be decided. Your loadouts play a huge part in how you play.You can make it simple, or challenging at your own pace. The base game offers a number of equipments, support items, and etc., which offer different playstyles without having to rely on DLCs.The DLCs are more of what they already offered in the base game, thus, they give you more of the flexibility than owning only the base game. however, most of them can be used by others, who do not own the dlc, which is a nice touch. At first sight, they may seems to be OP, but really, no, it is not. Just because you unlocked it right from the start that it feels OP when you start playing, not that it over-shadowed loadouts from base game.The control needs a little practices to get used to, but overall the game do a good job for KB+M, while giving the game a unique control.You can actually kb-input chat on PC for this game, that's a positive for me (and in my local language too, though it is not perfect but more than enough)OverallIt is a nice game for coop play, it can be soloed too. Recommended getting the deluxe version for more gameplay flexibilities."
,Recommended,394510,20429603,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Red Ocean,"Godspeed, you'll need it."
,Recommended,394510,20424297,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Frost,"GREETINGS CITIZEN!ARE YOU ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY, UNDOUBTEDLY, SUPER-EARTHLY READY TO ENFORCE DEMOCRACY! FREEDOM! AND HOT, FRESH CUPS OF LIBER-TEA?!Then I mean, ok.. you should probably like buy this game I guess, geez calm down.It is also the best team killing simulator I have ever run across10/10, Like TF2 hats but with capes!"
76561197981137691,Recommended,394510,20391612,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Crestic,Complete and utter hysterical chaos. There aren't many adequate words.Just get out there and do your part.FOR FREEDOM!!!
,Recommended,394510,20438592,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,WaitStopIhaveCookies,"Democracy comes at the cost of sacrifice...so.much.sacrifice.Expect to die, a lot... but it's fun. Clutch wins, epic last stands, dropping into a multiplayer game squishing people...all for democracy.11.3/10 Will laugh again at the next person I drop onto."
,Not Recommended,394510,26938827,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Danova,Short and sweet;Great graphics. Great combat. Repetitive. Only 1/4 of skills can unlock unless you BUY new ones. ♥♥♥♥ this.
,Recommended,394510,19646049,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DJ of War,Such a fun game with or without friends.
76561197976828176,Recommended,394510,19517389,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dan,Made me re-watch Starship Troopers - 10/10
76561197982167745,Recommended,394510,19490962,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,red_enferno,If the new Gauntlet and Star Ship Troopers had a baby it would be Helldivers. It is cooler than Gauntlet and funnier than SST.
,Recommended,394510,28684667,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DeLiiRiuM,Get it and I promise you will enjoy it.
,Recommended,394510,19511668,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ReLLiK_pt,Starship Troopers and Alien Swarm made a baby and they name it helldivers
,Recommended,394510,34053503,Posted: 5 August,all,__,The Magicka formula perfected
76561198087078354,Recommended,394510,19601693,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,D0lphinM7,"Pretty much if ODST's from halo and starship troopers had a baby, which means BUY IT NOW"
,Recommended,394510,27432002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cora,Fun.Loads of fun.And funny deaths.And friendly fire.But tense and fun nonetheless!
,Recommended,394510,20488766,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ChuChuWah,"Magicka as a top-down-view twin-stick shooter.Except more fun than Magicka.It's easy to pick up, you got endless revives, and as host you can kick anybody you like at any time, so the trolling is minimal.And it's also p2p, so it's not a throw-away game like a lot of EA titles after a couple years (there are no servers that can be shut down... except if Valve goes bankrupt [yeah, right...])."
,Recommended,394510,23231961,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Reznov,Pretty fun game. Better with friends.
76561197983155062,Not Recommended,394510,30472963,Posted: 12 March,all,Shmok.,"Bought the game, having fun. Soon arrived at the Enemy Capital world to slay a boss. Movement halted to a crawl in the snow because I didnt bought the DLC Boots. ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198031432242,Recommended,394510,32658166,Posted: 22 June,all,DisgruntledCoffee,My favorite Co-Op title of all time. Happy diving everyone!
,Recommended,394510,32650534,Posted: 22 June,all,Kdansky,One of the best couch co-op games ever made.
76561198046219182,Recommended,394510,30331356,Posted: 4 March,all,Dreadmofo,4 words for this game;ASWDATAKE COVER
76561198079965319,Recommended,394510,29367179,Posted: 19 January,all,BurgerBuddy(マスター),"This is the Starship Troopers the video game, the experiance!!Simple up this game is amazing!!"
76561198063234908,Recommended,394510,19624271,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,The Sheriff of Paddy's,"At first, I was hesitant to purchase this game... I had only about $100 bucks in my account until the next week. After all the glowing reviews for this game, I decided to just take a chance and man... I don't regret it at all. Buy this game! It is an utter blast with an incredible amount of depth. I definitely see myself playing this much more and if you're on the fence like I was, just take that leap. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,394510,28560874,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ocfos,"I had a chinese guy on my team once, who only ever equipped nukes.In all four slots."
76561198115503354,Recommended,394510,33937724,Posted: 31 July,all,Green Eggs and Lamb (Peter),"It's a really good game. Simple and fun to play for a little while, but after that point the small flaws become big ones.Like shared screen, for example, has not only challenged my friendship with some of my closest friends, it's killed me and several other people more than the overwhelming enemies themselves.It's absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that the devs thought this was a good idea in an online multiplayer game. It would be unrealistic to expect 4 players, each with a different plan in their head, to expect to know where the other is going and what they're doing.If a Helldivers 2 is ever made, please, for god's sake, DO NOT bring the shared screen back."
,Recommended,394510,22836294,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,BobAlpha,so much fun. love the Friendly Fire. Has local play which is amazing
76561198042900441,Not Recommended,394510,28088283,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Disco,"If it wasnt for the janky camera in co-op play, this game would be pretty much perfect.Consider this more of a warning than a downright ""not recommended."""
76561198023929841,Recommended,394510,19639512,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mercer,"So, i bought this game 4 times... Is it something i regret?No, not having friends yes."
,Not Recommended,394510,26238425,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kavrick,"Cant recommend this game, as much as i want to, this game is tons of fun and has a lot of replayablity with friends. The reason why i cant recommend this game is simple, the developers brought out £16 worth of dlc about a week after the game itself came out, no warning or anything like that. The dlc gives you a huge edge with tons of new weapons and this costs the same amount as the game itself, their excuse was terrible, just saying that they were moving over the dlc from the ps4 version. I'm sorry but with the £16 that this game costs it should cover most of the dlc, at least the weapons, the dlc should be just cosmetic, The fact that the dlc includes more content than the game originally had says something about the developers."
,Not Recommended,394510,23708038,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Pandax,"It's cute and fun at first, before the unprecise gameplay and repetitive randomly generated but all-samy missions remind you that this game is not the great 4 player coop experience you were looking for."
,Not Recommended,394510,26740364,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Palerion,"I absolutely love this game.  Some of the most fun I've ever had.  But honestly I have trouble even continuing playing knowing that the developers have no intention of continuing to develop and support the game.Yes they roll out very small bugfixes and patches every so often, and they released a silly gun and some capes for ""Liberty Day"" this past month and a new shotgun back in march I believe, but they have explicitly stated that they will not be adding new ""content"" of any sizeable measure.  This means new enemies and planets.  And while the game is very fun, with gameplay that cannot be found in any other game, all this potential is being wasted by developers who refuse to continue to support the game.This is especially sad since the game has been criminally underrepresented due to a lack of advertising.  The game deserves to be popular; the gameplay is incredible.  With some substantial content updates and advertising it would be a game that would last for years and years with a devoted, hardcore player-base.  Why can't they add new content though?  A recent statement by game designer Patrik in response to a reddit post asking ""Will be there any chance to add new monsters/boss?"" said ""Probably not, we are starting to reach the technical limits of some of the consoles.""So, because this game was ported from consoles, the PC version is getting shafted.  No more content worth speaking of.  And the player-base is dwindling because of it.  So while I'm not prone to advise people against buying games because the games are dead and/or dying, I fear that this one will be irrelevant in no-time because the developers are moving on and leaving Helldivers in the dust.  And it makes me incredibly sad, as experiencing this gameplay was phenomenal.  It was something that I wanted to master and share with a large, thriving community for a long time to come, and to be excited about when I could have new content to introduce new challenges and possibilities to this incredible gameplay.  It's a shame, but I can't recommend the game.  Especially not at this price tag with developers who are jumping ship."
,Recommended,394510,27346282,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SethSamson,epic game ... it is like no other ..it is relaxingand fun .. also it is hard .. so every thing u need to just enjoy oursefl after hard day ..
,Recommended,394510,19889951,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Apex Assault,I just love this game! The online co-op is great!Help spread some FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY!
,Recommended,394510,26939364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,"Carl: We thought there might be a Brain Bug on 'P'.Carmen: You knew and still you sent them?Carl: We couldn't afford to launch an operation if there wasn't one.[both Carmen and Johnny look at Carl with contempt]Carl: You disapprove? Well, too bad! We're in this war for the species, boys and girls. It's simple numbers. They have more. And every day I have to make decisions that send hundreds of people like you to their deaths.Johnny Rico: Didn't they tell you, Colonel? That's what the Mobile Infantry is good for."
,Recommended,394510,27090922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Geruhn,"This game is awesome!Starship Troopers (movie, not the game) meets Magicka meets Awesomeness!A lot of fun to play with randoms but even more fun to play with friends in local co-op or over the internet! And I'm amazed how good communication works even without VOIP or chat.So fight for Super-Earth today!"
76561197992083855,Recommended,394510,19607080,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Matyvalien,"Awesome game! i can't even stop playing to write a review,just try it, i tried using gamepad but it sux for me,keyboard mouse combo is really good after you play for a while and get used to it, endless replay ♥♥♥♥ tons of fun, 9/10"
,Recommended,394510,19556136,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TastySalad13,"Tasty makes a reivew while drunk!!Love Starship Troopesr?! Buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game!Don't love the Starship Troopers =?! M8 you didn't even see that movie, didn't you?!Great game, great experience. Gonna deleter this review when i remember abot it."
76561198028756102,Recommended,394510,23516262,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,tenore_mau,A very fun and addicting little shooter; seems like it'll be a bit of a grind but worthwhile and great with friends!
,Recommended,394510,20902588,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Chronologist,"Pro:* Great team play* Friendly fire on* Weapon variety* Democracy* Cape spinning (equivalent to town sitting)Con:* Shared camera (Some people say it's good for team play, it's pretty much the opposite)* Sample farming* People who kick everyone out at evac (Host your own solves this issue)* p2w DLC* In-game encyclopedia wording does not match wording on guns/strategems* Hackers who edit their own profile data"
,Recommended,394510,19589421,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Offiz Worka,"Love the game since I first saw it on Gamescom 2014 in Sony press zone.Smart, simple and funnny, makes you really feel like you're aim with that rifle, feel that machine gun is actually heavy and hard to control - and it's a twin-stick shooter! And, most importnant, makes you feel like brainwashed fanatic in the service of fascist regime - all with a smile on the face. Arrowhead realy outdone themselves with this one, it's a shame we had to wait for so long for Helldivers to be released on PC - it belongs here."
76561198031871704,Recommended,394510,25192681,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,rAgainst,best couch fun up to 4 players 10/5
76561198055328165,Recommended,394510,25133380,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Eden,"We shall bring justice and democracy to the galaxy ! Fight for the Super-Earth and defeat the ennemy of FREEDOM !(And be really careful, sometimes, your allies will be the one to fear...)Oh and better grab the full pack, more funny gadget ;) (just wait for the sale)"
,Recommended,394510,21547393,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,nagy,"Learning curve lies solely in unlocking and mastering the different calldowns, mainly figuring out which are viable and which are not. One part completely viable and up to personal preference, three parts never seen or used with minimal effect, if not burdening the team.Cooperation necessary. Twin-stick shooter, one camera for the whole team: if you're bumbling about in the other corner and/or not with the bulk of the group, scouts from off-screen will spot players uncontested.Once all calldowns are unlocked, replayability plummets quickly. Maxing out the levels of preferred calldowns will be complete by level 20 or so with decent pickups of research samples every game. Max level is 50 and with exponential experience point requirements - personally, game got boring after the level 25 achievement, with no incentive to play beyond that. Despite this, still finding myself playing a few public sessions once in a while.Extremely fun with friends, caveat of them being willing to learn fast and adapt especially if new to game."
76561198023035754,Recommended,394510,33128402,Posted: 2 July,all,Heathcliff,I like
76561198030778236,Recommended,394510,32753919,Posted: 24 June,all,Whygee,"Prosperity, liberty, democracy - Our way of life. Why not make it your personnal responsibility to defend Super Earth? Enlist today!10/10 will have another cup of Liber-TEA."
,Recommended,394510,33208143,Posted: 3 July,all,♥Jade Merrydown♥,Don't need to say this but don't bother getting this if you don't have friends.
,Recommended,394510,19594590,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Johnekaiser,"I never even heard of this game Until like 3 days before it was released on Pc.looked at the review on IGN saw they gave it a 9.0Took the risk of getting the Ditgital Deluxe Edition and i am happy to say it was worth itIf you love some Co-op fun and screwing your friends with funny ways to kill,squash or just melt them with a @#!ing Acid gun buy this game you wont Regrate it"
,Recommended,394510,31532355,Posted: 3 May,all,🍀MacBirdie🍀,"10/10 Best ""Spread Democracy Simulator"" i have ever seen!!!Honest review: This game is great, i never get tired of it... whenever i feel like i just want to shoot stuff while listening to my favorite rock music i play this game, tho the soundtrack is amazing, one of my favorite soundtracks from games. A great game, and best if bought with all the dlc's."
,Recommended,394510,28920364,Posted: 1 January,all,Mahdi313GG,F-U-N
76561198042586255,Recommended,394510,27696342,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Drewin,"How about a nice hot cup of liberTEA? Gather your friends and fight for Super Earth!This is an amazing game with great atmosphere (if you like Starship Troopers).I don't like how they split the game into several DLCs, but you can buy a pack with the game and all the DLCs which sort of takes care of the problem."
,Recommended,394510,33287541,Posted: 5 July,all,[HALAL] Lord Touch Me,We're all in the same game; just different levels.Dealing with the same hell; just different devils.
,Recommended,394510,30727762,Posted: 25 March,all,moragos,Even after all this time this game is still a lot of fun to play with other people.
,Recommended,394510,25019735,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SK1RM1SHER,Dont text and dive
,Recommended,394510,25373978,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,EvilDavid,I played 18 hours over the past 2 days. Please send help.
76561198113675713,Recommended,394510,24857886,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gondii,"Helldivers is pretty fun and can become very challenging in terms of strategy and gameplay. It's a good game!But for me it's just a casual game, I don't get long-term motivation out of it.Still, I like it, it's definetly worth the money."
76561198031329924,Recommended,394510,25465775,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Fadeshade,"Dive into the viscious hellscape of you fighting off hordes of everything not human while trying to not die by your friends panicking while fighting off hordes off everything not human. Clamber into your mechs, grab your jetpacks, and get in the apc! I have no idea where the objective is, but I hear LIBERTIES CRY!tldr: s'pretty good twinstick shooter"
,Recommended,394510,20316496,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A Well Dressed Man,I'm doing my part.
76561198060149473,Recommended,394510,20268708,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mayhemzen,"why is there no 4-pack for this game? its great.the only thing i would change for pc is getting rid of couch style camera. no need for it if everyone is using different screens and its damn annoying. i doubt that it will get fixed though, as that was the style of game it is. thats the only thing i hate in this game. its awsome"
,Recommended,394510,20253561,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lemth,Yes
76561197961643421,Recommended,394510,20217476,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,incz,one of the best coop game :D
76561198026871294,Recommended,394510,19544807,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hellzcatz,"Went with a  friend to the bug jungle, just to show and tell about FREEDOM.They looked nice, well fed. We traded some spit and powder.Everything went well.Except for the last bit.You see, as negociation experts, we plan ahead, but not everything goes exactly as we wanted. No plan survives a new client, right?  So we lost our walkers in the swamp. No big. We are grown ups.But when the bus just made landfall, we were not much more safe than babies, and tentacles sprut around and killed us, a split second from victory.Just one more day in a galaxy that has to be shown more JUSTICE, I guess.I Would (and will) die for DEMOCRACY again!11/10"
,Recommended,394510,19544751,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NalPeanutButterKid,Wanna be a Legend for my family.10/10
76561198047540285,Recommended,394510,21752629,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ciome,"pro:- nice graphic- hilarious shouts from the characters- integrated voice comm- nice mechanics- really fun equipments and carnages- wide variety of enemiescons:- some the most cool stratagems are part of the DLCs. some of them are also useful (anti tank mech and turret)- the damn shared camera. You'll often die just because you were moving to the left while your team was going to the right. Alien Swarm was a game left to die, but at least you could play without that annoying camera.- lately, I can't find anyone to play with (don't buy it to play alone). There are a lot of people playing on really easy maps, but almost never someone that plays on the hard ones- after level 25 there's no point in leveling up... really, I don't know why you can reach lvl 50.- since it becomes really slow to lvl up already from lvl 15, in order to improve your weapons and stratagems you're forced in every mission to run around the map to gather samples and after some rounds like that it becomes boring.- the hardest maps (lv 12) and bosses don't have decent rewards (the hardest planet gives a skin, the bosses only xp)"
,Recommended,394510,19537632,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dutchoper72,"Helldivers, more like Imperial Soldiers from 40k.Best game ever 2015...and beyond!This was written after i drank a nice cup of Liber-tea!!"
,Recommended,394510,22619817,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bluejay117,Teamkilling in the name of democracy!
,Recommended,394510,22793586,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Horus,"Awesome gaming experience, and great team play with it's co-op system. I recommended it to all my friends."
,Recommended,394510,28780829,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[TE] Keasby,"StarShip Troopers, meets George W. Bush Propoganda"
76561198260613959,Recommended,394510,28791260,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CstotK,AWsome
76561197973454156,Recommended,394510,19594752,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dr. Pepper,hi
76561198019786728,Recommended,394510,32943240,Posted: 28 June,all,Lonely Pilgrim,I get the feeling this game is going to be relevant again pretty soon
76561198029519307,Recommended,394510,28308476,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dr.Zimmer-550,This game made me...A TRUE AMERICAN !!! 10/10
,Recommended,394510,32311189,Posted: 10 June,all,Cap'N Knuckles,"Good game; except that it whenever you play with your mates, if your friends connected to your game and you are hosting, they will crash after every mission"
76561198041586175,Recommended,394510,22734862,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kyle,Pretty lit
,Recommended,394510,26234310,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DanJ210,"This game is SOOOO fun. What makes the game is the teamkilling, the teamwork, making the way you play the game extremely important and strategic. If you are going to go lonewolf or you want lonewolf, you can do that but this is not the game for you. If you're not into team playing then you should not be playing this game.If you are into team playing then you will get an amazing experience with this game. Not only is it just plain fun but the graphics look great and the weapons/abilities are just off the chain awesome. 10/10 Fun. Oh and the DLC is a must so plan on that if you do want this game."
76561198052279210,Recommended,394510,19685573,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,UnapologeticPunster,"A fun and challenging game, you shouldn't have too much trouble finding matchmaking right now but later the community driven main game may fall off. Can get repetetive and kills are not the focus in the least - it's all about the objectives. Once you start playing difficulty 6+ you'll notice things are alot more intense and interesting (for reference, there are 12 levels of difficulty).Grab some friends and dispense democracy on the alien scu- I mean misguided natives."
76561198065708287,Recommended,394510,21061984,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,PooPoo PeePee,this video game is a pure classic troll #epicfail lol
,Recommended,394510,24003954,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ICE,I should buy this product sooner. My friends get angry at me for dying repeateadly... :D
76561198042813800,Recommended,394510,19553277,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,baddie,"oh f*ck. this is a good one. unexpectedly hilarious, and just a really well crafted game."
76561198080161294,Recommended,394510,19744861,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kintaro,10/10 would democratize alien worlds again.
,Recommended,394510,26422166,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fudge,It's f*cking awesome and the music is EPIC.
,Recommended,394510,19543061,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Iced_Eagle,"Great game by the people who made Magicka. Lots of action, strategy, close calls and unintentional comedy caused by mistakes.Would you like to know more? Enlist today."
76561198068320634,Recommended,394510,19542470,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Stay Away From My Peanut Butter,"Amazing game which kinda feels like starship troopers, you can fight bugs, cyborgs and robot things lol. It's probably the best co-op game I've ever seen/played because you really need to watch out for your team mates and you stay together at all times (the game basicly forces you to.) Friendly fire is 100% so you really need to watch where you're deploying and shooting. Theres a ""war"" system in this game where when you complete all missions on a planet the system gains influence, and when it has enough influence (which takes hundreds or thousands of players to complete planets) you take the system, eventually leading up to the capitalof the system that you need to do a final assault on, which if you succeed in you have completely defeated the enemy until the war is over. I honestly rate this game 10/10"
,Recommended,394510,26242386,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Whale Biologist,"I calls em like I sees em, I'm a Whale Biologist. The game is fun if you like Twin stick shooters and gibbing your friends."
,Recommended,394510,19582708,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Alfix,Game of Pods!
76561198040447048,Recommended,394510,30391312,Posted: 8 March,all,Максим,"Fun twin stick shooter with high replay value. However, the player base is almost non existant."
,Recommended,394510,32717113,Posted: 24 June,all,Uncle Hank,Brought democracy to Zegema Beach.Starship Troopers + Halo ODST + Alien Swarm + a little Mando here and there = Helldivers.
76561198278429557,Recommended,394510,22217267,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,HyperionFIN,"Dark Souls of twin stick shooters, and possibly the best twin stick shooter ever!+ Procedurally generated maps, adds replayability+ Meaty gun sounds+ Everything supports team work, from vehicles to other weapons+ Hard and challenging, but not frustratingly so. Unless you try too hard planets as a noob+ Friendly fire always on. Adds challenge+ Very well thought out design. It's evident everywhere+ Lot of guns, vehicles and gear to unlock, that have unique uses- ... but lot of it is paid DLC. However, the best gear is mostly in the base game- Most weapons are not useful in high tier planets, however still fun to use in early game- Could use more enemy / mission types. After 70  hours I need a break, to not get tiredMacigka wasn't great, but this game is far more refined and thought out vision. Almost perfect.Imo there still could be a slight balancing. Siccle is a bit too ""meta"", bullet firing guns that need reloading, should be superior, because of their limited ammo. And mechs have too much ammo, when fully upgraded. They are not good against heavily armored enemies, but until that, with them the easier planets are a cakewalk.Hoping there will be Helldivers 2, with a bit more content it could be a full priced game. It's already better than most full priced games."
,Recommended,394510,33022300,Posted: 29 June,all,Luka Millfy,FOR AMERICA. AND FOR FREEDOM.
,Recommended,394510,19560129,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Jinkory,Surviving from allies is much harder than saving the world.
76561198041188554,Recommended,394510,19573782,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nova Alcor,Most fun ive had with a game in a long time.
,Recommended,394510,19581249,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Nova,"What can I possibly say about this?For a twin stick shooter, this is nuts.From the moment you launch the game there is a very obvious nod to the cheese and awesomeness that is Starship troopers, the game is punishing, especially on higher difficulty and you definitely need teamwork and people who can work well in groups.Keyboard or Controller works. I prefer keyboard personally and seriously...the game is just fun as hell.Pick it up, if you enjoy top down cooperative shooter type games or dual stick shootes, try this."
76561198008064577,Recommended,394510,19566496,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ButterBread,"> Super Addicitive> A lot of live events> Endless replay> Cool armor customizations> Super cool weapons> THERE'S A FREAKING WALKER.> Oh yeah, there's plasma guns.> FEELS LIKE MAGICA BUT MORE PEW PEW WITH GUNS> Also if you are good at Audition, you will be good at this game too."
,Recommended,394510,20205249,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dip,The game I've been searching for since I was twelve.
76561198065545583,Recommended,394510,30309700,Posted: 3 March,all,tom.m,"OK. This game rocks. It has a little learning curve, but I really appreciate the strategy. The graphics are great. It's funny too, I kept laughing the entire time. Amazing entertainment value with your friends. I can see it not working as well solo."
76561197970524761,Recommended,394510,19601967,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,d0rian,"Its a sweet game and must buy if you like tossing lead at bugs and cyborgs.A  ""warhammer 40k""  kill team clone with a better implementation.yea, it's made by magika devs.  I never quite liked it, and really did not like multiplayerBut this game is so much better.fights are intense!  I like the interface, actions have time and stress consequences.Originally a PS game and we got the whole dump of dlc and expansions on steam.DLC users can be annoying at game start (DLC should unlock gradually, not be available at level 1)This game isnnow one of my favorite steam games this decade and I look forward to seeing it grow on steam (workshop perhaps?)"
,Recommended,394510,19673600,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SwordedGun,'Murica in space simulator 10/10
,Recommended,394510,19572305,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Spooky Pleb,zumfg
76561198011010968,Recommended,394510,19540398,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Korsarro,"After searching for a nice and fun top down shooter I just stumbled upon this gem:It feels absolutely great and reactive (if i want to blow something up with my rocket launcher I want to see a big♥♥♥♥♥bug-explosion!), and especially the multiplayer is really connective, fast and reliable.Since I got noone to play the game with i my friendlist (damn you CS:GO) the multiplay er sets you up real nice to get into immediate contact with other fellow Helldivers, it's just easy and fun as hell.The artstyle is really decent and does not overcommitt, the game is keeping it simple, also in the controls, you are never overwhelmed by the supplyorders for example. If you need immediate ammo you are gonna sweat to get the right combination, but apart from that the controls are well done!Since english is not my first language I apologize in advance, also is this my first little review, and by all means, this game deserves to be the first one!BUY IT, ENJOY IT, see ya in hell!"
,Recommended,394510,19540054,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CyroN,"I've been envying PS4 owners solely because of this game! And finally its on PC! Played only about 4 hours at the point I write this review, and I can't seem to be able to stop myself from playing! its so fun!Being able to play online with others while SIMULTANEOUSLY playing with a number of local players too! Probably the best couch coop experience I've had the pleasure of experiencing for the whole of 2015 when it comes to having 4 players at the same time playing.If you like twin-stick shooters, friendly fire, solid game mechanics, diverse map environments, and a plethora of different mission objectives, then this game is for you!A definite MUST play even when full price. I say I'll get my money's worth and then some. Invite some friends to play to experience first hand trolling and wacky moments!EDIT: After playing even more, one gripe I have though is the instant disconnects. The game will not even bother to try to recover your connection to the session. If your internet dies for a second or two, you will be sent to the main screen without hesitation."
,Recommended,394510,19525495,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,potato_man,i luv this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198011947472,Recommended,394510,19534959,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DeadlyGrub,"Difficulty scales well, Co-operation is a high prority the only downside is if you have a bad team with no co-operation which the game punishes insanely hard."
76561198100435257,Recommended,394510,31592599,Posted: 6 May,all,GeneralClayman,Step 1 : Buy + Download + Installed the game.Step 2 : Finished tutorial and started online matchmaking.Step 3 : Annihilate everything with a heavy machinegun.Step 4 : ???Step 5 : Win> America in a space war simulatorRecommended for anyone who wants a cup of liberty.
,Recommended,394510,28643994,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hoset,Better than your mums♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,394510,19591708,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Neintendo (HEWE),100% will team kill again.
76561198028659394,Recommended,394510,19560863,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,I just cant recommend this game more. A simple concept of where freindly fire is ALWAYS present and teamwork is your best weopon against enemies without number. Things get chaotic and fast if you dont work and stick together. And the way you can use an ammo box as the most aggressive way to one off a tank? Satisfying.Just make sure you dont pancake one of your buddies along the way. I hate having the clean up that mess.Oh and remeember that this is co-op. The community is pretty good! But of course its always just a bit more fun when you are working alongside your freinds.Liber-Tea anyone? (Quote From the game)
76561198064619249,Recommended,394510,19580357,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Wulffy09,"Two people on my squad chatting about friendly fire, I typed ""speaking of which"" I then proceeded to shoot them and I succeeded and I laughed hard."
,Recommended,394510,19562425,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Conger,"DO YER WANA LIVE FOREVER?All in all this is a great game to play with your friends, for the teamwork and camaraderie, requiring some planning to survive some of the more challenging planets, even the easy ones at times.Even if you hideously mess up (Pods.) you'll be having a blast of a time dying from laughter of your own ♥♥♥♥ ups.10/10TL;DRBUGSKLENDATHU DROPFOR DEMORCA- THE FEDERATION.(Oh theirs Aliens and Cyborgs to shoot too.)"
,Recommended,394510,24443493,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Groove Engineer,"You were raised to be a soldier, a soldier of hope to the people on Super Earth.Your task every day is to go out on the wasteland of a battlefield, to risk your life for the sake of Democracy!With your comrades you might have a chance of repelling the threat, the evil factions that wants nothing more then to annihilate Super Earth, but yet many have fallen..Many go out to the field themselves, many succeed, many die in the process.. But you, you will be different!Hope you enjoyed my little ""drama piece"" for this game, Helldivers is a really cool and interesting game to play both alone and online!I really recommend it, it's lika a über-updated version of the source game Alien Swarm, if you liked that game, you'll with no doubt enjoy this game 10x more!So with that in mind, I give it 10/10, have a continued good day folks!"
,Recommended,394510,19537535,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[Toxic] Sharingun,"Trump simulator 2015In all seriousness this is the best twin stick shooter I have ever played with the smoothest gameplay and animations it makes a revolutionary statement that even top down arcade style shooters can look beautiful but do not be pushed away because its arcade style its one of the most inovative ones out there and has a huge variety of mechanics and very detailed  environments and many different types of enemies to blast away ranging for futuristic water guys, CYBORGS, and straight out of Starship Troopers BUGS! also a great feature that a lot of games are missing is it is local multiplayer online crossover meaning u can get your buddy and hook it all up (ps4 remote works perfectly) and just go online and play with up to 4 people its quite amazing with all those things aside I would make this review longer but I want you guys to experience the rest of this game for yourselves and let you have your epic adventure that we all wanted in a video game and it can be done here. 10/10 would play FOREVER!"
,Recommended,394510,19517798,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mojave,"Love this game! Great action, Lots of variety on weapons and stratagems, and it's a lot of fun to play co-op with friends... I swear I didn't see you there when I called in that ammo drop..."
,Recommended,394510,19538063,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,:3 ♡F@rrön♡ :3,WAIT IT'S OPTIMIZED?!
,Recommended,394510,19534809,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Viquel,"I have died more often to my own stupidity than by enemies. Teammates are a close second though (I excluded the incidents where I deemed it a good idea to run into their bullet-stream from this ranking). Exiting a moving vehicle may kill you, You may spawn doomed, when your character gets out of his pod and you see the teammate's pod incoming. I wondered: will it kill me? Which is a stupid rquestion in this game. Yes, of course, it will kill you.If a map has structures that kinda look like bridges over a canyon: yes, they are bridges, and yes, it is deadly to step beside them.When your teammates die, you can call them in as reinforcements (witha cooldown). If you are not carefull - you guessed it - their drop-pods kill you. However, you would also kill any big bad monster that happens to be below the drop-pod...That sounds like teammates are bad - but it's really fun. I totally failed about 10% of the missions (5 out of 52), but the game lets you attempt the stage again. Some objectives are really hard to understand, but right now, it's challenging with plenty missions."
,Recommended,394510,19554536,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Druel,This game is awesome.*pew pew*
,Recommended,394510,24890469,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Das Nordgesicht,Online coop with big guns and friendly fire. What could go wrong?
,Recommended,394510,24900310,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,weeb trash (^・ω・^ ),Democracy is life itself.
76561197991819196,Recommended,394510,25767816,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,T5unam1,Great coutch game. The game can be a little buggy when dealing with the 360 controller but all and all would recommend for anyone who loves Alien Swarm and other co-op games.
76561198040667336,Recommended,394510,19625154,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Carrot,Hell of a game. It's been tons of fun playing this
76561198102147590,Recommended,394510,19634888,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zillmerilic,"This is a very good game.  A lot of game play and the rating on difficulty for the levels is great.  The online is a little glitchy, but still very good."
76561198003692207,Recommended,394510,27998408,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DuckShield,"Still one of the best top down shooters around. With the best implementation of local + multiplayer coop I've seen to date. Plenty of equipment to collect and unlock, a reasonable challenge you can tailor to your taste and quick snappy gameplay that lets you get right into the action.The DLC adds a lot of gear that provides alternatives to the in game unlockables, you can play the game just fine without them but the DLC does allow you to diversify your strategy by providing alternative solutions."
,Recommended,394510,22929010,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,The Rickest of Ricks,"I got this game when it had been out for a month and i had an absolute blastI love this game, its fast paced, tactical, shoot-em-up, everything you could want from a twin stick shooterits acutally suprisingly complex, enemies will flank you, terrain will slow you down, bosses are hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥not just because they have high health but their attacks are hard to dodgetheres a great leveling system and tons of awesome upgrades that really do give you an edge, and no 1 upgrade is simply better than any others, they're all very well balanced so you can have your own play style and not be left behindunfortunatly the servers are all but empty now, if you're just starting this game, good luck finding anyone else playing anything other than hardcore and boss levelsstill, if you have a couple friends who like twin stick shooters its definitely worth the money (for $20 bucks its practically a steal)11/10 would die from ally dropping reinforcement on me again"
,Recommended,394510,30368806,Posted: 7 March,all,K,This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥8==========D
76561198106456793,Recommended,394510,20074633,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jangonett,"Ironside ""RICO YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO!!!""Rico       ""YES SIR!""       *calls down droppod*10/10"
76561198110502186,Recommended,394510,19760316,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Spanza,my review=u can shoot ur teammate xD100/100 -satan
,Recommended,394510,30418028,Posted: 9 March,all,稳如哈马比.7up#,Good game
,Recommended,394510,20685037,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vorala,Love it.
,Recommended,394510,32711300,Posted: 23 June,all,Lew,10/10 would kill my teamate with a stratagem again
76561198152782503,Recommended,394510,34624320,Posted: 30 August,all,rexnorth31,HAVE A NICE CUP OF LIBERTY!!! 10/10
,Recommended,394510,20317030,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Axe-Lotle,"epic, definatly multiplayer, if you play single you will probably die until you level up"
,Recommended,394510,19488430,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ghoul,Basically combine Magicka and Star Ship Troopers and you get Helldivers
76561197985631837,Recommended,394510,23755894,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tabuli,"There is no such thing as ""friendly fire""...Best applied with three friends! Really fun, but seems to be lacking some end-game content."
,Not Recommended,394510,28086483,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AssistingKnight,It's a fun game to play with friends but whats holding it back is the horrible camera system. It trys to keep everyone in frame but instead just limits your periferal vision causing you to be spotted and often leading to your death (that and accidentally killing yourself).If the camera was player focused it would be a great game but right now the camera really holds it back in co-op play.
,Recommended,394510,19554843,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Tehjeffman,Magicka - Game of the year 2011+Starship Troopers - Movie of the year 1997=Helldivers - Game of the century
,Not Recommended,394510,28457505,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Monaco,"I both recommend and not recommend this game at the same time.What this means: the game is awesome. Like, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. However, on PC I was going to play it with my friend locally (2 controllers connected to 1 PC), but the game basically just screws couch co-op since second player can't save and develop his character. I've played it in online co-op on a console and it's great. However, since PC version doesn't support couch co-op, I'm giving it a negative review since I only wanted it for couch co-op with my friend and it poses as having one."
76561197991351064,Recommended,394510,25070381,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,HunterKiller_,"Most fun game I've played in a while, if you're shopping for a crazy co-op game, look no further.Fans of top-down shooters - do not pass this up."
,Recommended,394510,25071837,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Aponos,Best Co-Op game i've played since Left 4 Dead!Amazing gameplay with great details and hilarious moments!It really shines when you play with friends!Great fun guaranteed!
,Recommended,394510,25296312,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vash The Stampede,Worth your money. The best twin stick shooter I have played. Not much else to say.
76561198001006480,Recommended,394510,19541935,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Thoughtcrime,"This might be the first review I've spent the time to write, I'm not sure.  This game is Left4Dead meets Magicka meets Warhammer 40k Dawn of War 2.  That's about the best I can describe it.  It's great.  Missions are fairly short, or at least they feel short, as you jump in and jump out and it's only been.....3 hours?WTF where did the time go?  Seriously, it's worth every last penny of the base price, without a doubt.  I'm not sure about the Deluxe Edition, but I'll probabbly pick up the upgrade soon, if I don't unlock other weapons/items in the mean time.One thing I will advise: rebind your keys, especially the strategem key.  I have mine bound to Mouse 3, so I can quickly click it and start entering the ""codes"" (like magicka's spell casting system) to call down my assets.  If you have to reach over for left control, and then move back to WASD to enter the code, it's possible to make mistakes, especially in the heat of battle.  I also rebound sprint to Mouse 4, again to reduce how much I have to move off of WASD.  Lastly, look at the control toggles for things like airm, sprint, strategem deploy, prone, and map.  You don't want to have to hold those buttons down the whole time you're using them. Toggle it on, toggle it off.Don't listen to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who are saying this is a dual stick game.  It is quite viable with mouse and keyboard.  I actually think I prefer it that way.  Stop reading this and buy it already."
,Recommended,394510,26212020,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ascendant,"Just don't buy it without dlc, base game is just a demo version. If 40 bucks is ok for you - go ahead, otherwise wait for discount."
,Recommended,394510,19574695,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DynamiteToast,"This game is incredible, it's the most fun shooter to come out in a while. The guns and strategems all feel fun and different, and it's great trying out different builds and working well within a team or just being a jack of all trades. The feeling of anxiety and dread you get playing a tough level is something that's hard to produce in most games, and when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan it gets even better. The dangerous nature of the team, between friendly-fire and constant drop pods is definitely a great aspect, as well as often being hilarious. Plus nothing makes you feel cooler than holding out for the drop ship, back to back surviving waves, or dropping right into the thick of the enemy crushing three of them with your drop pod and gunning down the rest, turning the tide of the fight for your squad.Literally my only complaint is that they didn't sell a 4-pack for $60, so that I could give copies to my friends."
,Recommended,394510,26593824,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[AH]Pure,Quite possibly the best twin stick shooter I've player. It feels like starship troopers.
76561198039387562,Recommended,394510,23104935,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Darkhorse,"Helldivers! Another successful game from the makers of magika :DIF you don’t know what Magika/Magika 2 is. Get it. If you don’t like it you will probably not like this. If you like it, this should be great for you, though it is rather different.So basically this is a topdown shooter, with lots of button combos used to call in many things such as ammo, mech suits, tanks ETC. EVERYTHING is killable by pretty much ANYTHING. LOTS OF FUN! :DSo in normal Magika fashion, you can kill and be killed easily, with all the many glorious weapons used by you and your soon to be Ex-Friends, for when they dropped their stupid ammo drop on you... And they didn’t even need it!You are just as squishy as your enemies, no man is higher, and the propaganda they throw in is very funny. All in all a great game 8/10"
,Not Recommended,394510,22000680,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ekornserk,"Unfortunately: Multiplayer matchmaking is buggy / broken. You may be unable to find people to play with.Too bad, it is a good co-op game.My experience:I first thought I was late to the party and multiplayer was dead. Only 2 groups online. But a later the same day suddenly I found 40-50 groups were playing. But soon after that, down to 2 again. What? I read up on the forums: Matchmaking is plagued with a bug where only 2 groups are displayed. (Typically one will be AFK and the other on a mission that is not suitable to your level.) The result is that you cannot find anyone to play with.I wanted to warn others about this issue. Hopefully the developers will give this issue higher priority and it will be fixed in the future. Although they have claimed to have fixed in the past, and the current response seems to be ""we are aware of it and working on it"".If you consider this game, you may want to wait until the matchmaking bug has been properly fixed.If you play to play with friends and won't use matchmaking this issue will not be a problem for you.(If a dev replies to this, please give details on your efforts and priority, and confirm that you are able to reproduce the bug in order to fix it. I know you ""are working on it"", which is a trivial thing to say.)"
76561198102525699,Recommended,394510,23652664,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,aliefnasarudin,If you want give  aliens the freedom their need and a good cup of liberteaThis is the game you need sign up today and join super earth
,Recommended,394510,19511765,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Aviticus Dragon,"If Starship Troopers and Destiny had a baby, you'd get HELLDIVERS! Epicly fast paced action, with a variety of mission styles, giving you that ""Fight for Humanity"" vibe. Intense difficulty levels for a real challenge, and some amazingly large creatures, this game is bound to keep you playing for quite a while!""C'mon you apes, you wanna live forever?"""
76561198001122021,Recommended,394510,19717163,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,phrik,IGN gave 9/10 so I bought
,Recommended,394510,20944862,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Asmodai_00,"My very first game, fresh out of training, I dropped on top of the only other player and killed him. He was one step away from the evac shuttle, so I happily got on the shuttle and left him, alone and dying on an alien world.I have died and killed other allies in so many hilarious, dumb, and exciting ways, and it's only getting better. The community is super chill and there's almost always laughter when friendly fire inevitably gets everyone killed.Definitely pick this one up if the idea of starship troopers + magicka excites you."
,Recommended,394510,19525059,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Incognito,"1. Buy it2. Enter game3. Discover that there's no bugs,game works perfectly out of box4. Write a reviewIf you like Starship Troopers, Alien Swarm, or twin stick shooters in general, you will love this game. A bit of strategy and planning is required. So far,awesome coop/multiplayer shooter."
,Recommended,394510,19539296,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Syroop,"Got into a match with some random people, and decided to have a dance off instead of doing the mission.  10/10 would have a dance off again"
,Not Recommended,394510,24091084,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,slavemaster,"Well, what can I say: if the game needs to make your camera terrible to become hard, it is not really greatly designed. Alien swarm is free to play and has NORMAL camera and still is fun and hard to play. But maybe i just didn't get into hype."
,Recommended,394510,31567200,Posted: 5 May,all,prophyz,"Nothing is hotter than a cup of Liber-TeaHelldivers is best experienced as a multiplayer game, and joining an online session is about as quick and easy as starting a mission of your own. A couple of quick menu selections and you will, quite literally, drop in on another player's mission in progress. Local multiplayer is also an option and, in the absence of outside life, it's still enjoyable solo. Playing alone requires different strategies and offers less flexibility in strategem selection, which does make the already brutal higher difficulties seem even more insurmountable, but the satisfaction of single-handedly conquering a planet cannot be denied.Unrelenting and brutal, Helldivers delivers fast-paced combat, epic standoffs and a comical approach to death. Its enemies are varied, powerful and a constant threat to the players. While the full impact of the larger multiplayer experience remains to be seen, it still adds a nice little scratch to the progress itch. The strategem system provides great flexibility in squad building with many ways to build out team roles to maximize defensive and offensive capabilities. With procedural map generation and just enough mission and enemy variety to prevent a sense of repetition, the twelve levels of difficulty ought to keep players challenged for a good long time.The game is worth every penny.Resisting democracy is futile!"
76561198156021271,Recommended,394510,26741482,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DeFau1t,I am an enlisted diver.
,Recommended,394510,29351261,Posted: 18 January,all,AutoGavy,"Very goooooooooooood, but I hope the engish version can support unicode."
,Recommended,394510,20394074,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Lone WoLF,"Save n ress someone but ended up pod droppin on n killed urself, yeah what a way to save n die in return.. great game to play co op with your friends n definitely a time burner!"
,Not Recommended,394510,21014549,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,GnarGnarHead,"its a great game, but not for the money and doubly so when they try an charge you the full amount again to unlock a bunch of OP gear"
,Recommended,394510,22844649,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mystamous,"DEMOOOOOOCRACCCCYYYYY!But seriously, buy it!"
,Not Recommended,394510,28637399,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bazinga congoman,"""Haha wouldn't it be funny if we just spawned 800 tanks at once at high level instead of making the gameplay and objectives more interesting?""-What I can only assume was the HELLDIVERS devlopment cycle"
,Recommended,394510,20427268,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,PAW.Predator,9/10Addictive game with limitless possibilities.Graphics 8/10Sounds 8/10Optimization 10/10Online play 9.5/10Customization 9/10Team kills 9999/10almost 9 out of every 10 deaths is by your team mates or yourself
76561198123892945,Not Recommended,394510,33780176,Posted: 24 July,all,Ronin,ill be honest this game is fun but has its negative pointsi cant customise the colours of any outfitits far to easy to have team mates die when you call any air drops indlc are a clear cash grab should have been in the game to begin withnot enough gunsnot enough armor/clothing skinsgame in general is just repetitive as ♥♥♥♥ and becomes stale quicklythats what i dont like about the game other than that its alot of fun and would recomend it but only on a sale if the dlc was part of the game and not a dlc at all i would recomend this game fully but anyone that does cash grab dlc just need to to stop making games even if there games are good
76561198092488626,Recommended,394510,23883092,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LMGMaster,Quick summary of this game: 3D Broforce.nuf said
76561198099637301,Recommended,394510,23673690,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tom Cruise (real),"Serve cups of liber-tea, 10/10"
,Recommended,394510,26001628,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Romenics,"Surprisingly and extremely high quality co-op game! I expect some kind of casual clicker. But the game is very challenging and interesting!There is no necessary to describe gameplay features, only two things you need to know:1. It gives you amazing co-op experience!2. It have minimum 30 hours of gameplay, and even more if you wish to walkthrough it completely.Just grab your friends and buy it with all DLC (DLC adds a lot of new interesting content)"
,Recommended,394510,19952945,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,≡][≡ Sɴᴜ Cʜᴀɪɴᴢ ≡][≡,Yes.
,Recommended,394510,19593624,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Pixel Zed,"Helldivers is a hell of a game. Literally. Soloing is entirely non-viable, and you will NEED a good team to survive later stages. The aiming is intentionally gimped, and while that makes for a ""Heavier"" shooter, it does kind of make the game feel like it's working against you in unreasonable ways.It feels like the game is a Beta, to be honest, and while it sounds like I'm ripping this game a new one, it's because I love it for everything it does right.I hit you because I care."
76561197972347937,Not Recommended,394510,34715358,Posted: 3 September,all,Heretic,Every time I log on to play this game it is attached to the capital fights only. As such I cannot unlock new gear. A very poor design choice.
,Not Recommended,394510,23904280,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,emergency,"Would not buy when you are using a laptop, could be that the game wont use your main GPU, instead it uses the one that is build in. For me it wasnt possible to find a solution to this after about 2 hours of researching"
76561198041115663,Not Recommended,394510,23918039,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,King Dickie,"Me and my buddies played this. We liked it, and then it felt the same. every misson felt the same. A mediocer top down coop shooter. After 30 min it got boring."
,Recommended,394510,23623683,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Blitz,"You can kill yourself with a tank dropping from the orbit? 10/10, would die accidentally again."
76561198019812801,Recommended,394510,29908713,Posted: 13 February,all,Chaika Trabant,"""Helldivers - today the enemy is at our door.We know our duty, and we will do it. We fight for our honor as Helldivers, as citizens of Super-Earth... and we fight in the name of democracy!And if we die this day, we die in glory. We die heroes' deaths... but we shall not die. No! It is the enemy who will taste death and defeat. As you know...Most of our Battle Brothers are stationed in space, prepared to deep strike.Our perimeter has been prepared in the event that our enemies should be so bold and so foolish. We have placed numerous beacons, allowing for multiples, simultaneous, and devastating defensives deep strikes.Super-Earth names this maneuver STEEL REHN. We will descend upon the foe, we will overwhelm them... we will leave none alive. Meanwhile, our ground forces will ensure the full defense of our headquarters.We are the Helldivers! We are Democracy's fury!""— Captain Indrick B'Oreal"
,Recommended,394510,19495514,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,gumballdad,I'M FROM BUENOS AIRES AND I SAY KILL 'EM ALL!
76561198006962042,Not Recommended,394510,30455998,Posted: 11 March,all,Apache,Probably a greate game but when the game force you to watch into over over again and ever time I start it I get score 0 from me.
,Recommended,394510,19624734,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,"ARC-57 ""Snow""","Update to my review: what is WITH this game? It's a PS exclusive, it is literally still available for purchase in PS4 game cases labelled ""Playstation exclusive"".In case you didn't notice, this is a PC game available on Steam; it's a really fun game, but false advertisement much?Does not bode well, but here's hoping - you should at least buy it now and have yourself some Liber-Tea :P I mean, since it obviously DOES work on the PC - granted false advertisement is illegal, but 'democracy', right? Go 'Murica!---Welcome to the Helldivers, a galaxy-spanning military organization that answers directly to a political dictatorial candidate most recommended by an opinion poll! We are here to help YOU if you help US, send your strapping lads and lasses off to the nearest testing center, to protect Super Earth, freedom, and YOU.Helldiver command is not responsible for any casualities that occur in training, nor while fighting the four major threats to Super Earth.- Conspiracy theorists.- Robocop's master race.- Face-huggers.- Advanced technology.In the event of a complaint against Helldivers or the democracy of Super Earth, you will be summarily executed.Have a nice day.---10/10, would play as a space marine neo-Nazi again."
,Recommended,394510,19673829,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,"Say hello to democracy,alien scumbags!"
,Not Recommended,394510,19971862,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Exustio,"This is still a console only game. Sure, you can use mouse, but it seems like the developers have done their best to make it horrible. I mean, it only takes like 10 minutes of gameplay until you get really frustrated.The mouse have been a round for a couple of years now, it shouldn't be so hard to just understand how to use and how to not use a mouse. Even so this company insists on reseting the mouse position every time you stop aiming, causing you to have to lift your mouse back to the right spot every time, or you will run out of table."
,Recommended,394510,23741930,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SRRIVERS,amazing!!
,Recommended,394510,20070714,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mithaldu,This is a game that challenges you to survive by keeping you on your toes at every turn and making your co-fighters as much of a danger to you as your enemies. The end result is a lot of fun as long as you play with people who do have a sense of humor.
,Recommended,394510,19554380,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,First Day HelldiversLogged in discovered cape could be spun - sat there 5 mins spinning each one decideing which I likedRead up on weapons - Picked a assualt rifleDropped into a Mission crushing the team leader with my pod  - many lols hadDiscovered a mad man with a shotgun - ran toward enemy to evade team mates shotsMade FriendsGot Mech - Hugged Mech - Killed Bugs10/10 would avoid the crazy team mate with a shotgun again.Ok so seriously what is Helldivers? Simply its warhammer 40k last stand with a bigger map and objectives - I mean its the closest thing I play at least - its got enough weapons and load outs to play around with them and enough upgrades to keep you busy a long time - players are generally good natured since 50% of all deaths will be from them accidently since the game has a full team damage system - you will be run over - stomped - crushed under pods carrying the revived team mates - blown up - set on fire - ect ect - but yet somehow its one of the few games I've really not cared about being team killed everyone just finds it funny - I remember first time I got the rocket grenade launcher and fired it as a team mate dove out of the way of a car strait into its shell nukeing us both - we just cracked up - very good natured very fun if you want to sit for 10 mins ot 5 hoursI'd give the game a solid 9 outta 10 - my only real nitpicks is things like I can't custimize the color of my suit and add choose my decal on my armor - as well as some kind of in game guild system would be nice for pc play - atm I'm just steam friending anyone I like in game which does help but game wise its a fun trip for those days you just wanna set something on fire.
76561198005020740,Not Recommended,394510,23944715,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,VIPEN,"15 Hours and only fought one race thanks to the dumb war mechanic, hoping I might actually fight the other 2 next week.Lvl 10 and unlocked almost everything. (+DLC collection wich gives you some new and faster unlocks, wich is ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting and I can imagine players who didn't get it having a♥♥♥♥♥♥time, atltho if I knew it would cut out most of the content I should have probobly skipped it..)Helldives are easy solo if not for the ♥♥♥♥ing dogs.Tanks spawn in and call Alerts instantly.Camera is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't even explain it, and even worse when 4 random people try spread out.Map Icon needs an ingame hud marker since people never want to ptfo and never check their maps for were to go.Grab a few friends and you might enjoy it while you have things to unlock and you're lucky to be able to fight something other than Cyborgs for 15 Hours.Nothing else to do now other than farm attachments and be amazed by how few people there are in the world that can do teamwork."
,Recommended,394510,29753624,Posted: 6 February,all,GNinja2006,Fun game with friends. get the jetpack its worth it
,Recommended,394510,25975387,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,GRIZLEDORF,"I like this game a lot. I bought it to play 4 player couch co-op, unfortunately my friends suck and do not like the game.I play online without them, I think it's cool but I wish there was more objective types. Give us moar stuffs!!!"
,Recommended,394510,19902624,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Thicc Thunder,The best kind of tea is LIBER-TEA
,Recommended,394510,22591736,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Frank Fieri,American simulator 2016
,Recommended,394510,30666682,Posted: 22 March,all,:D,highly recommendedco op or even solo
76561198095882127,Recommended,394510,22505461,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Kevin Wendel Crumb,Never had so much fun with friendly fire before!
76561197972252663,Recommended,394510,20536322,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[G]Manlove,How about a nice cup of Liber-tea!
76561198073243519,Recommended,394510,29029050,Posted: 5 January,all,-=Terry East=-,10/10 would Helldive again!
76561198135468980,Recommended,394510,22601305,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,DrGrumpyMuffin,It is AWESOME
,Recommended,394510,19788537,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Thurmod,Must spread Democracy. Must save Super Earth!
,Recommended,394510,19498311,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ΜΟΛΩΝ__ΛΑΒΕ,best 20 dollars ive spent on steam in 7 years.
,Recommended,394510,19625776,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Luna Petunia,"Shoot a nuke down a bug hole, you got a lot of dead bugs."
76561198036341964,Recommended,394510,19626153,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,DaddySin,"Helldivers in a nutshell:Enemies kill youDrop pods kill youTurrets kill youAirstrikes kill youLava kills youFalling off the map kills youFriends kill youIt all happens and it's all ridiculously fun! It's chaotic, tactical, and has a surprising amount of depth.  Join the Helldivers today and help Super Earth spread Democracy across the universe one bullet at a time!(TIP: diving for cover WILL save your skin)"
,Recommended,394510,19596014,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Emmerich,
76561197969451970,Recommended,394510,30032925,Posted: 19 February,all,ExpectRust,Great game.
,Recommended,394510,19520012,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Thiago,Say hello to Democracy!
76561198056299558,Recommended,394510,19529298,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Quasimodo,"First , I have to say that I didnt want to buy this game , it look like nothing in this game (that's what I thought).At  3 hours  it's pretty boring cause I play with my friend (one of them used to play on Vita).At 7 hours  I'am getting addict about how difficult in this game.Finally  18.8 Hours for complete 3 planet in hell dive modeMy life is success now"
76561198146217560,Recommended,394510,19578932,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,clethby,Best coop isometric shooter i have ever played10/10
,Recommended,394510,28581247,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sway01,Sucha roaring fun game!
,Recommended,394510,30513973,Posted: 14 March,all,Dark Raccoon,It was fun. But i had no one to play with.
,Recommended,394510,22511562,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,c0smik,up to 4 players try to kill robots/bugs/freaks while trying to avoid mass murder suicide.10/10 would drop pod teamkill again
76561198071660164,Recommended,394510,30342014,Posted: 5 March,all,shaidr733,Awesome game. Great fun.
,Not Recommended,394510,28635387,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,dylfin,"The main reason to buy this game was to play with brother in co-op. But I can't connect with him. And I can't connect to any team at all. This game is almost one year old and still have this issues. I suppose this is a port forwarding problem, but I can't find any information about this.Game itself seemd to be good. It have a good graphic and animation. But there is a lack of content. I didn't see more, because co-op not worked at all.So, be warned, you may receive a headache with this game, trying to resolve connection issues."
76561198179091414,Recommended,394510,29936690,Posted: 14 February,all,Van Darkhome,"There is no doubt that it's a PVPgame LOL,I enjoy playin' with my friends. But my nooooooob teammate @futapika often shot at me."
,Recommended,394510,20349813,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,muymra,"Like a few other Arrowhead games, Helldivers is a ""coop"" game where you can ""accidentally"" kill your teammates. This time around, it's a futuristic twin stick shooter with diverse loadouts, equipment, and missions on various planets where you must rain democracy down on aliens who are in dire need of freedom. Another element that Magicka fans will recognize are Stratagems that require a sequence of button presses to execute that will give players ammo resupplies, reinforcements, additional equipment, vehicles, turrets, and all manner of airstrikes.Pros:+ It's Magicka in spaaaace+ Despite friendly fire, it feels like there are more opportunities for real cooperation+ Varying loadouts provide playstyle diversity+ Galactic campaign that progresses through everyone's contributionCons:- No crossplay with PlayStation players- Matchmaking feels broken, there are more on-going games than the browser leads you to believe"
,Recommended,394510,34228536,Posted: 13 August,all,bluethunder,Really good but the turning was slow
,Recommended,394510,24873860,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kibbleru,nic
76561198277072844,Recommended,394510,28935135,Posted: 2 January,all,Zaxel,It's a great game especially if you have friends
,Recommended,394510,34541912,Posted: 27 August,all,†epicwolf†™,I'm from Buenos Aires and I say kill'em all.[ WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE ? ]
,Recommended,394510,30368724,Posted: 7 March,all,CapnMatt: Internet's Out FML,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is FIRE tho
76561197975976736,Recommended,394510,24403343,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,spammeplz,Do you want to know more?
,Recommended,394510,31461160,Posted: 30 April,all,Senseless,Tastes just like liber-tea.
,Recommended,394510,29704838,Posted: 4 February,all,Eze,"As a game compared to other ones, this little gem it's a great coop experience of isometric shooting with a tactical spice that is simplified enough to be accesible to anyone. It's so geared towards coop that you can play it offline if you have one or more (compatible) controllers plugged to the PC, with no screen divisions at all, and next to none impact in performance.What will make you come back eventually is the more challenging missions and new unlocks to improve and expand your arsenal.Overall it's an intense experience because it's very well done. You don't have to be good, even if that helps, you have to be efficient in most missions (except the horde mode ones). What I mean? You'll have to kill your enemies fast and be on the constant move, so patrols will have a more hard time finding you and reporting your team. And believe me, you don't want that.The class B looking aspect isn't really a critic, I think it tones well  withcritic to the 'Murica culture. If this kind of thing offends you, remember your armed forces are killed and ravished civilians and call it colateral damage, you dickwad."
,Recommended,394510,19558163,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RT_Mythictang,"The best twin stick shooter game I have ever played.Also, it is an Overwhelmingly Positive game, what else can I say?"
76561197960432634,Recommended,394510,19561104,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,senate,"Aside from the varied tactics available(tanks, mechs, weapons, utility). What I really like about this game is it doesn't hold your hand. Team damage is on. You can fall off map by going over the edge or get lava spewed at you from a volcano. The skill gap will involve the following: comboing wasd to call down strategem quicker (ie ammo resupply: ctrl + up, up, down, right, and some are three times as long), dodging by using spacebar, comboing different weapons/strategem with teamates, and then just pulling off kills without killing your teamates or objectives. If you're into aiming then you will do extra damage by shooting enemies in the center."
76561198284939079,Recommended,394510,23234926,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Chapolin hame🅱ol🅱al,"a HELL of a fun game,you just DIVE in to play a lil and you can't stopill tap that"
76561198005618390,Recommended,394510,19578023,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Gravel,its a really fun game. its boss battles are amazing fun and its multi player co op systems work very smoothly. had no problems connecting to or playng with friends. controls are much better than expected for a console port and the game itself is really fun to play. I recommend it.
76561197982243937,Recommended,394510,19582821,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,__,"Good, but:- DLC crap- 4 people are too many to have on a shared screen, especially with friendly fire2 are good, 3 ok but 4 is too much and you can't limit how many players are able to join- too expensive it's worth 5€ at most"
,Recommended,394510,19537959,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BagRat,If America had Spaceships.
76561197987668595,Recommended,394510,19534947,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cervantes,"Fun little co-op game, if a bit on the expensive side for now. Great graphics (reminds me of X-Com), great humor (Starship Troopers style !) and the dynamic online ""campaign"" is a good idea.The controls have some inertia to them which can be disorienting at first (especially the aiming), but overall it plays smoothly on kb+mouse which was my major gripe with alot of similar console games.My main fear about the game is the progression, without a loot system I fear that you won't have much to do after you unlock all the equipment - granted this may take a long time since the XP isn't exactly super fast.I feel like it's worth its price, so I recommend it. If you have reservations, wait for a sale and grab it for 10-15€, but we do need YOUR help to take the fight to the aliens' homeworlds now !<insert Klendathu Drop music there>"
76561198077101878,Recommended,394510,19512086,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Its pronounced gif not gif,"What are you waiting for? Buy this game. As soon as I bought it I played non stop the game is challenging yet even when you lose its fun and you go back into it waiting to get your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ripped to pieces by bugs yet again. The Strategems(Air drops/Air Strikes) make the game infinetly better as proper use of these is key to success. Matchmaking is fun and hotdrops  you into intense battles as most of the time players will put down S.O.S beacons to call for aid. If you like Starship  Troopers or any Sci-Fi this is the game you have been waiting for the customization is fun and the cape makes you look and feel like a badass as does the various upgrades you can find as you take on hordes of enemies.The game will make you laugh when you drop an air strike only to have your friends jetpack right into the blast radius or as you ""accidently"" place down a supply drop on top of an annoying teamates head. Honestly so far I cannot find a single thing I dislike about it. 10/10 If you're reading this review im probably playing this game."
76561198081301506,Recommended,394510,21224130,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,gendoubleday,"Alot of fun. Yes I'm playing a video game. Yes I know it is in fact Valentine's day. You say you don't care, then why have you brought it up three times? No on cares? Then I don't care either. I do not give a toss what they do for Valentine's day in the uk. I bought this on sale for half off, my real advice is get the ♥♥♥♥ing tank DLC and steamroll."
,Recommended,394510,19596121,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[pj],Super fun top down twin stick shooter game
76561198003306744,Recommended,394510,19534081,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pinkllamajr,Good Stuff
76561197999890465,Recommended,394510,20958279,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Tyranid,"This game is insane. Tense, fast-paced, and chaotic action is what awaits as the game pits you and up to three other potential liabilities on a series of randomly generated objective-based missions while hordes of increasingly difficult alien communists attempt to wreak havoc and prevent your squad from spreading SUPER EARTH's glorious democracy across the galaxy.10/10 would run myself over again"
,Recommended,394510,20975008,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sallzz,signed up for dutykilled bugsgot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by some ilumminati dudes11/10
,Recommended,394510,20989234,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,dimensh,HOW ABOUT A NICE CUP OF LIBER-TEA10/10 will continue to wave cape around
76561198110290962,Recommended,394510,20994039,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pew Pew Pew 003,Gets in a mission...1 dude joins ur game...He says ur too noob for him and leaves...I put in 3 SOS...No signal...Deploys turret and covers for life until finally getting killed by a minion with melee..10/10 with friends11/10 with no friend
,Recommended,394510,20935388,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,PuNk!,FOR DEMOCRACY!Would totally spin in circles to flap my cape in the middle of a battle again.10/10
76561198068840958,Recommended,394510,19831257,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[]*CocaCola*[],This game is the best I was so happy  when then put a third person game on steam with shooting and killing bug and level up keep do the feat job
,Recommended,394510,19923701,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Peace Walker,"THIS GAME is pretty badass, not gonna lie but u will die alot but thats what makes this game amazing leaving you wanting more kinda like dark souls games. This game has now been approved by me."
76561198013515636,Recommended,394510,21001550,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dashing Rogue,Imperial Guard Simulator. Worth every penny for a good cup of Liber-Tea.
,Recommended,394510,19542552,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Brusali,"If you miss alien swarm, this is the game to play. seriously, 10/10 way too much fun."
,Recommended,394510,25949550,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Veles,I wasn't a massive fan of this game until I played some local multiplayer on it. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,394510,25487751,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Knock Knock It's Knuckles,kill your friends simulator
,Not Recommended,394510,20476251,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,PICKLERIIICK,Fun right up until you realize that true late game is mostly stealth focused...you'll spend a lot of time alone. Not killing anything.Get it on sale to play with friends if you really like Starship Troopers. Skip it otherwise.
,Recommended,394510,19549400,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NShade,I gonna make this short. Extremely fun 4players coop game. You can play local coop and online at the same time. It not just mindless killing but it has objective as difficulty gets higher.It's much better playing with friends.
76561198076773409,Recommended,394510,20961001,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Manticore,Woah! Awesome!!! If you like Alien Swarm you will love this!  Expect a challenge.  Bring a friend or play online.
,Recommended,394510,21680303,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,I ШΔ∏Ƭ ƬΘ DIΣ ƬƁH,My teammates kept blaming me and are now bullying me for FIRE SUPPORT.Help me.
,Recommended,394510,27760781,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,anderstsslg [No. 4],For Democracy
,Recommended,394510,26206256,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Toronto Dump,"Do you like serious stealth missions? How about outrageous missions where everythings blowing up, well this game has both and if you don't bring anti-tank rocket launchers on a high difficulty mission you're going to have a bad time."
,Recommended,394510,25807572,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DonARViox,"Awesome game. So much fun with friends in coop. Intense. Mucho mucho dying. Teamkills, dropkills, freaking dogs..."
,Recommended,394510,28006895,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RedPandaSix,"Its pretty much Republican Space Marines, a great game if you want to LIBERATE COMMUNISTS by SHOOTING THEM IN THE FACE."
,Recommended,394510,26821746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Struts,I killed all my friends with a sheddar missle and left with all the glory.10/10 would drop pod again
,Recommended,394510,19553986,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,superfleet0,Very fun game but i found one problem. If u want to change the keybindings have fun is all that i will say.
,Recommended,394510,21933790,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Void01,"Best multiplayer game on Steam, hands down."
,Recommended,394510,31229605,Posted: 18 April,all,Jay Serenade,i like
,Recommended,394510,31288607,Posted: 21 April,all,Caz_MD,I haven't been this hooked on a game in years! Absolutely fun and intense!
,Recommended,394510,31265045,Posted: 20 April,all,Jesse Jamez,Awesome game that definitely is more than what you'd expect. Very in-depth and lots of random achievements to work towards. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,394510,31230955,Posted: 18 April,all,Titanium Bagel,"Just got the Shredder Missile Stratagem yesterday with 3 other people. All 4 of us equipped it in all 4 stratagem slots. Dove into the next mission, called in 16 nukes on ourselves... Overdosed on freedom...Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,394510,22502652,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Jäger,best spend 30€ in my entire life also there is lot of bugs IGN 11/10 would slain them again and again
76561198218771417,Recommended,394510,22548066,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Raistlin84,"Hey civil, join the army of Superearth! The service guarantees citizenship!With your help we will prevail against the alien menace!SuperEarth democracy will be exported to these creatures for their own good in exchange for a bit of resources.Our morale requires us to save other creatures from their fascism, killing anyone who opposes democracy!FOR SUPEREARTH!!!HOOORAH! HOOORAH! HOORAH!We have bigger weapons!"
,Recommended,394510,22503508,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,InsaneHaiku,10000 rounds of democracy in less than 2 minutes.
76561198122288278,Recommended,394510,22524751,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Hearseguy,An easy way to see who your true friends are....
76561198088328880,Recommended,394510,22481284,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Seer44,Great game! Amazing coop! Definitely worth the $$$
,Recommended,394510,30044306,Posted: 19 February,all,jelqing master,It's alright.
76561197971682615,Recommended,394510,19548463,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DiscoJacen,Was already a must have on PS4 and PS3.Is STILL a must-have on PCA great game made by great ppl.Go spread some democracy!!!
,Recommended,394510,19666172,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,grishin_,Best update ever to come out for Diablo 3.
,Recommended,394510,27416713,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ragabash,"Magicka with guns and grenades. Nothing says: 'I care about you!' like calling a medkit drop on a wounded teammate, just to watch him get smashed by it. Reminds me of a healing rock drop in Magicka so much... Nuff said!"
76561198202865908,Recommended,394510,27435314,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Angel Ranger,Friendly Fire Simulator 2015
76561198306379123,Recommended,394510,31685519,Posted: 11 May,all,CORTACHURROS,"The best of the best!! I love coop games, and Helldivers was exactly what I wanted"
76561198157397887,Recommended,394510,27373231,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scilit,这是个好游戏没错，不过可惜的是能重复让人感到惊奇的设计太少了。而且也没有能带动情绪的担任剧情。
,Recommended,394510,27386270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scoon,I don't think I've gotten so close and lost and laughed most♥♥♥♥♥off harder
,Recommended,394510,30657749,Posted: 21 March,all,Kuro,"Very fun and interactive gameplay. Spent over 100 hours with my friends, but most of the time we try to kill each other for fun."
,Recommended,394510,30719911,Posted: 24 March,all,_jackknife,Blast of a twinstick shooter if you're looking for a game to play with friends online or singlescreen co-op. Plays great on both keyboard-mouse and controller.
76561198113587004,Recommended,394510,27697318,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LeGatto,"Nice game that you can play for a few minutes or a few hours.It's best played with friends, it's possible to play a lot of missions with only 2 people but the harder ones require more friends (unless you are really good at the game). The friendly-fire improves a lot the experience.I loved the black humor!"
,Recommended,394510,27684055,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chalicer,"Nice game you can play for a few minutes or a few hours. Best played with friends.Love the humor!Only downside ist that there are only a few weapons that you will use in the end. A lot of them are just ""noise""."
,Recommended,394510,23946467,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Redeemed Asia,Blow up your friends simulator. You can also blow up strangers
76561198007298934,Recommended,394510,23955396,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ezergood,"Move with one stick. Direct shooting with other. Lots of complicated (for me) up dpwn left right inputs to activate special powers that are critical to getting anywhere.Really good fun flavour, very Starship Troopers. Looks good, drop in coop works well.Despite all that, turns out I can't do such a good twinstick shooter.Clearly controller designed, so doubt keyboard controls will be nice."
,Recommended,394510,29107048,Posted: 7 January,all,door jae in,제작자들은 유저들 빠져 나가기 전에빨리 컨텐츠좀 더 만들어라이러다가 있는애들도 다 나가겠다.동접이 만을 못넘어요 만을
,Recommended,394510,30937651,Posted: 4 April,all,Suctus Caralhum Prectum,Very underrated.
76561198122761151,Recommended,394510,32215902,Posted: 6 June,all,Your Pal Kindred,Ever wanted to be British trash?Ever wanted to be British trashIN SPACE?WELL NOW YOU CAN!KILL YOUR NEW FOUND BRITISH TEAM MATESDEFEND THE WORLD'S GREATEST PLANETTURN AN ENTIRE RACE INTO OIL AND ENSLAVE THE RESTHAVE A NICE CUP OF LIBER-TEAKILL SOME MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ERSIT'S A NICE GAME
76561198204062032,Recommended,394510,30099230,Posted: 22 February,all,Poxblossom,I have no idea how I have over 12 hours on record.
,Recommended,394510,19606463,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Cereal Killer,Definitely get the DDE Edition. It has all the DLC's which make things pretty interesting. I'll definitely be playing this for awhile!
,Recommended,394510,32872677,Posted: 27 June,all,MANGO KNIGHT,one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,394510,20139880,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Technomancer,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,394510,20801922,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bakey,"I love this game and if you don't have it I'd reccomend buying it the gameplay is insanely fun, I just wish there was more to do, it seems like theres no real end game once you get enough RP to upgrade your loadouts all the way (I have like 4 completely different loadouts based on what role I'll fill) it just seems like the replay value drops off a cliff, theres nothing to work for anymore, I have all the capes, I've killed all the bosses, which by the way, should give you something better than helping the war effort... maybe introduce more skins for helmets, armors and capes that are crazy hard to get like defeat X amount of bosses or that requires me to kill X amount of something with X weapon, Like I said amazing game, gameplay is so fun, it just feels empty at the end, give me something to dive for."
76561198040375997,Recommended,394510,19984761,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cosmic Castaway A90,"In order to write this review I had to join the military and sign 37 permits to ensure I would not say anything slanderous to our glorious democratic way of life. It is of my own free, democratic will, that I ask you to join me and spread this freedom to other planets across the galaxy. LONG LIVE DEMOCRACY!!(Failure to join the military and spread democracy will result in charges of treason, and these charges are punishable by death... would you like to know more?)"
76561198359683886,Recommended,394510,30468884,Posted: 12 March,all,大鸟德鲁伊,"1不能正常输入汉字。会出现这种情况，如“队友伤害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害害..”只能输入英文字母，如果没有麦克风的话。2这游戏居然能队友伤害！！！！一个蓄力轰死三个队友！！！3连接不稳定，时常跳出游戏队列1 can't normal input Chinese characters. Will appear this kind of circumstance, such as ""teammate damage harm to harm to harm to harm to harm harm to harm to harm to harm to harm harm to harm to harm...."" Can only input English letters, if there is no microphone.This game can teammate hurt!!!!!!!!!! A xu li boom dead three teammates!!!!!!"
,Recommended,394510,20340876,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Retroactive Continuity,I'm doing my part.
,Recommended,394510,32760331,Posted: 25 June,all,Primero,fun coop game
,Recommended,394510,32779475,Posted: 25 June,all,DanFlo,"best freedom and democracy suppliers, great controls, fun gameplay.......just buy it already"
,Recommended,394510,20688004,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tohru,"American foriegn policy simulator, in space."
76561198307719694,Recommended,394510,32739011,Posted: 24 June,all,The Crab,How about a nice cup of liberty? Buy it.
76561198211282445,Recommended,394510,24968778,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,furno,its a fun game but theres one huge problem with..... it needs more cow bell
76561197998592276,Recommended,394510,24988476,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Ben Wyatt,"Spent 65 minutes on a single mission with two other players, finished all objectives, died from ammo pod."
76561197967219408,Recommended,394510,28623320,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MT,"Really fun game, tactical and all."
,Recommended,394510,27857135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,buttert0ast,How to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by massive hordes of bugs
76561197964120751,Recommended,394510,21195797,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hyperlynx,"Fantastic. Absolutely bloody fantastic.Twin stick shooter with very strong teamwork focus. Gameplay is great, and it's technically very stable. Easy to hop in and out of games. The one flaw is that ingame voice chat is set to ""always on"" by default instead of ""push to talk"", but there's no icon on screen to tell you you're transmitting, so everyone is going to be hotmicing until you politely tell them where push to talk is (or mute them).That's way more text about the negatives than the positives, when they're reaaaally minor. This game is excellent. Near perfect. Very good couch play too.So what is it? It's a top down shooter, where you're soldiers of the dis *uh* I mean utopean Super Earth, defending Freedom and Democracy and Libertea by shooting alien scumbags in the face. You liberate planets by completing all the missions on them, where each mission has a series of objectives - arm SAM site, capture territory, destory alien base etc. The enemies are without number and just keep spawning - overwhelmingly so at higher difficulty levels - so the point of the game is mostly to fight your way past/through the enemy to complete your objectives and then GTFO to the extraction site.It's from the makers of Magicka, so accidental teamkilling is a hillarious constant. In particular, players call down supplies or join a game in progress with a drop pod screaming out of the sky, which will obliterate anything it lands on. I've lost count the number of times I've joined a game and my pod has wiped out someone's mech, because they weren't paying attention :DUnlike Magicka, though, the multiplayer programming is solid as a rock. I was dreading online play, expecting it to be a buggy mess (like Magicka is), but instead it's really smooth.Get this game, get yourself some controllers for your computer (xbox ones will work), get some friends together, and have yourself a Hell of a good time on the couch. And it's still excellent playing online with randos (better with better teammates, of course)."
,Recommended,394510,19780284,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tiamat O'Hairgel,"10/10 would airdrop an APC on my team and the boss simultaneously againAlso, all of the people claiming P2W:Every.  Single.  Slot. On my loadout is equipped with stock gear.  I play level 12 missions with no problem without using a single DLC gear, and I have the deluxe edition."
,Recommended,394510,23942343,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,General Havoc,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer sale of 2016. I've had my eye on this game for a while and finally pulled the trigger. I got the game + all dlc bundle and it was worth it! It's not necessary to have all the DLC but it does give you more options for weapons and stratagems (defensive / offensive support call ins).The graphics are really nice and the game runs very smooth. You can play alone, with friends or just join a mission that is already started. It's like most games where there is a leveling system in place. You're character levels up with all the XP you gather from missions. Through leveling up, you earn weapon and stratagem unlocks to use in game. You also gather up ""research points"" which are used to unlock weapon add-ons or used to make any of your stratagems more effective (or stronger.)There is friendly fire to be aware of where you aim, shoot, throw grenades or stare your vehicle because you will end up killing a friendly. Neither party will lose any XP for friendly fire but you do have to call in reinforcements and during heating battles on the higher level missions, it becomes a chore trying to get to a safe enough spot to call in the reinforcements.Overall this is a really fun game to play. I do suggest getting the DLC, although it isn't needed to play with others. Just adds to the overall experience of the game.My one issue with the game so far is the fact that you can't run off screen from the other players and do your own thing or just because you need to retreat from the enemy in a different direction from your team mates. So you're essentially bound to the same area as your team mates and can't wander off."
,Recommended,394510,30360066,Posted: 6 March,all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,Not nearly as awful as Magicka.
76561198008804173,Recommended,394510,30352294,Posted: 6 March,all,CoHHblu,"NICE game, its fun.i and my friends enjoy it."
76561198012794957,Recommended,394510,31403944,Posted: 27 April,all,King Koolaid,Absolutely amazing.  Wish they would come out with a second!
76561198005817365,Recommended,394510,29195562,Posted: 11 January,all,Bear Cop,Loads of fun.
76561198085845512,Recommended,394510,30289757,Posted: 2 March,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"-Freedom Delivery!*Knock on door-What? You didn't hear it?*Pulls out gun-Now it's time for you to taste some democracy! Suck my bullets naucious aliens!10/10 best lines for a game ever seenP.S. best community on Steam I've seen so far. Everyone is really helpful, despite some minority."
,Recommended,394510,32902450,Posted: 27 June,all,Hack,Epic game.
,Recommended,394510,31890248,Posted: 21 May,all,Hiigara,"It is sort of one run CO-OP. Get 4 friends. Wait until campaign rests. Run through it. Categorize game under - completed. That is the full extent. It is still good, a fun fun co-op cannon fodder situation stuff, but it ran dry really quickly for me."
,Recommended,394510,19502310,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Eliminator,ITS A GOOD DAY FOR DEMOCRACY
,Recommended,394510,19551534,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Soranoth,"If the aliens dont kill you, your friends will.10/10 friendship destroyer."
,Recommended,394510,19551341,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,kneehah,"Joined a game through matchmaking, crushed 3 teammates after planetfall, called them back in immediately.11/10"
,Recommended,394510,29190062,Posted: 11 January,all,Lector,Very fun game !
76561197988445850,Recommended,394510,26324292,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Akulio,"Me and my pals are on a helldive missionCleared all objectives, retreated to the evac zoneCalling in the bird while being totally overwhelmed3 man down, last one runs to the extraction bird arrives in 5 secDowned right in the landing zone, tries to crawl away but got squished by the shuttle10 out of 10, would fail almost accomplished mission again."
,Recommended,394510,20945833,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Face Hugger,One of the best games ever. It's fun.
76561197968606536,Recommended,394510,29233185,Posted: 13 January,all,▼,Knock knock. Who is there? DEMOCRACY!
,Recommended,394510,26484600,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DIURNO,Great game! Especially with some friends some 4 player co-op but be warned it is not easy you need to co-ordinate before even entering the levels.
,Not Recommended,394510,30455601,Posted: 11 March,all,Zallek,Made by the creator of Magicka but they forgot to add the jokes that made Magicka unique.It's fun the first 10 hours and then it's always the same.4/10
76561198041553287,Recommended,394510,28009721,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,goldfusion,the game looks so accurate and has some sick animations
,Recommended,394510,19494690,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr.Giggles,"GAme is a blast to play, the only problem I can see is a lack of difficulty and hand holding starting out, and what seems to be very samll quick maps, even though they can last up to 15 minutes on higher difficulty.  This game is like Alien Swarm meets Warframe adn it's all too much fun."
76561197982904096,Recommended,394510,19494280,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Huol,"Really fun with friendly fire and teamwork, it's Starship Troopers : the game."
,Recommended,394510,19495141,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ObeseSausage,"Magika swiped right on Starship Troopers.Sometimes unprotected love can create miracles *looks at all you mistakes out there*.10/10 would play this game forever if they keep making new maps and enemies and DLC (not skin DLC but actual gameplay DLC lol).If you enjoy games like Magika, Alien Breed, FORCED, and all them other 1-4 player Co-Op Dungeon Crawler-like Strategy games, then this is a MUST HAVE.PS: You can kill your teamates so don't play with that 1 friend you know gets butthurt over that kinda stuff."
,Recommended,394510,19496089,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,gripenemy,one of the best co-op twin stick shooter
76561198087694139,Recommended,394510,30325204,Posted: 4 March,all,Mr Kal 9000,"pretty fun game, great to play if your waiting for something else you what to come out though boyond  brusts of play I can see this game getting pretty repetitive also if you happened to buy it on PS4 you dont get any discountes or anything for buying it again on PC none of of the DLC you bought carries over either which sucks"
76561198020964411,Recommended,394510,24101737,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Monadnock,"Helldivers, the hardcore twin-stick shooter that borrows ideas heavily from 1997's cult classic, Starship Troopers.It's a good game and a whole lot of fun, but you need friends to play with.  When you have three friends with you playing this, the propensity for hilarity to ensue is extremely high.  Friendly fire is always on, and you can even crush your fellow Starship Troopers with your pod as it comes down.  Planetary missions can quickly devolve into a risky game of ""Tag, you're it"".  It's even MORE fun if you make a drinking game of it.  Anytime someone dies from friendly fire, take a swig.  Got crushed by an incoming pod?  Drink.  Fell off the map to your untimely death?  Down the remainder of the bottle.It takes a lot of coordination, but once you get the feel of the game, it gets easier.  There is a wide array of weapons, skills and stratagems to choose from.  Prior to a mission, you choose your loadout, including both primary and secondary weapons, perks, and the all important stratagems.  Stratagems are player activated skills that are on a cooldown and are limited in number, but can be extremely powerful.  From free-firing turrets to mechs, strats are almost a necessity in order to complete the more difficult missions.If you decide to purchase this fine game, do yourself a favor and pick up some of the DLC, because you're likely going to need them.  They add much needed firepower to your Helldiver.The visuals, sounds and gameplay are terrific, but there is a reason it's labeled as hardcore: It can be very difficult unless some strategy is used between loadouts.  Also, you can't just go off on your own when playing with friends - because there is one camera view and all Helldivers have to be on the screen.  It can be annoying, but it makes the game that much better, because it ramps up the difficulty.  You have to be aware of your fellow 'Divers and just where in the hell they're shooting.I picked this and all of the DLC packs up when they were on sale, and so far, it's been worth every penny."
,Recommended,394510,20633970,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,The best 40k game that's not Dawn of War.
,Recommended,394510,34009279,Posted: 3 August,all,Emo Nemo,its a fun and difficult game... thats my review.... yea 11/10
76561198026412597,Recommended,394510,22793363,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Tiki,"FREAKING AWSOME!!!!!!!!  Starship Troppers comes to life, and traveling to other planets it pretty just tops the cake.  Co-op Must paly, I think this is a game me, my wife, and friends are gonna play 4 ever......  So maybe they will add more planets?? LOLz"
,Recommended,394510,19609097,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[◣╬◢] flamer927,"the Best game of the year twin stick shooter like alien swarm, and kill by your own stratagems droppods....REKT"
,Recommended,394510,27601706,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jollnöhim,BUY THIS GAME
76561198028601118,Recommended,394510,26206078,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,A Mean Guy,"I loyk it a lot. Once you've played it a fair bit, you get used to the controls, the fact your team mates (And yourself) sometimes are oblvious to running fellow team mates over in tanks, mechs, bikes and APCs, the fact the Illuminates one shot you, the fact twenty cyborg tanks are ready to jump you and the fact every reject bug from Starship troopers is out to eat your limbs.But you'll man up, and take it on the chin...After all.It's for Democracy."
,Recommended,394510,21219532,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ultra salt,
76561198005870826,Recommended,394510,34717880,Posted: 3 September,all,Wyndsor,fun
,Recommended,394510,34598376,Posted: 29 August,all,antagonistpanda,One of the best co-op games I've ever played.
76561198140497634,Recommended,394510,29109531,Posted: 7 January,all,Assassin,"Completed all objectives with last reinforce, died by shuttle landing10/10 experience"
,Recommended,394510,30474209,Posted: 12 March,all,William Wolf,Lots of fun with friends and an incredible way to handle coop gameplay.
,Recommended,394510,19838286,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Drunder,"It's funny... they mispelled the title! It's spelled, ""Starship Troopers.""  This game is pretty amazing.  Buy it... kill stuff... kill team mates... have a blast."
76561198061062528,Recommended,394510,26325111,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tactical Bread,"There are few feelings can match that of the satisfaction you gain by defending democracy with flaming hot lazers and tactical nukes.Don't know what that feels like?Buy Helldivers.In summary, Helldivers is a fun 4 player cooperative shooter. Progress is gained through completing missions whether alone or with friends. One of the best parts of this game is how no matter how much you or your team mates screw up, it still worth a good laugh. Nothing can be more satisfying than watching a friend bellyflop off a cliff trying to get that reinforce clutch."
,Recommended,394510,26349595,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MaelStrom,can get fo reals hardcoreFOR SUPER EARTH!
,Recommended,394510,34853974,Posted: 9 September,all,Yasuo,This game is hella fun and I recommend people(gamers) to get this game.P.S is really fun when you have friends to play with :)
76561198040776446,Recommended,394510,19539430,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Uncle Stoopnixie,"Played this quite a lot on PS4 allready, this game is really good and the PC port is solid.A little bit repetitive but nonetheless satisfying.Best played with a Controller IMO."
,Recommended,394510,19567091,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,W.A. the Anum,"Helldivers.....https://youtu.be/NTLjDlEmDjMA Team-based Twin-Stick Top-down Shooter with great tactic-elements and gameplay.As i already thrown out a lot words lets explain them a bit to get the ""Title"" straight and right down as that as it is~Team-basedHelldivers is a very very very hard game if you really lay hands on to try playing it all solo - and i guess that will not really ever happen. Reading that this game is actually created from the devs of ""Magicka"" let you maybe think ""oh this will be funny"" but no. Sure it is funny if ""Stuff"" happens but the Teamplay in this game is really like you will need to work together in later missions in the Magicka series, if not even BETTER.So sure the full game is, LIKE Magicka, Screen-Caped - which simply means, unlike as sample Alien Swarm, to STAY TOGETHER (one good thing coz it calls TEAM PLAY game and not Solo run game...). Sure in some situations it is kinda bad but still not that bad like in the Magicka series and after some minutes you can easy deal with, really.Also (some at least) DLCs let you even play more ""Team"" based like as supporter role or stuff like, which makes maybe look like a lil ""P2W"" but its not like you ""need"" the DLCs, its more like if you really enjoy to get more ""into a role you are fitting"" and get good stuff for.Twin-Stick Top-Down ShooterI guess this words are more explained by themself. The game playes best on a Controller. It is from the Top-down view (Like the most of this kind, like Alien Swarm) and is a really great shooter.So in my view, Helldivers is really worth playing if you enjoyed Alien Swarm/ Breed or this kind of shooters. If you also enjoyed the Magicka series you might enjoy this lil gem of gaming too. It is simple to understand but hard to play - at least if you play solo. So i recomment this game to play it with friends (at least 1 ;P) and people who enjoyed Alien Swarm or a like. For 20 Bucks (the normal version) its worth to play coz it is kinda very random every time, very big and enjoyable.The DLCs* are not a must have and its not like you ""have to buy"" everyone of it. If you like to go supporter, you only can get the supporter DLC if you want and dont need the others, if you dont want to - its not a P2W behind this system and they are still in a good prize-charge. If you really want every DLC you should get the DX version at the first place or buy the DLC Fatpack. You will save good money with it.Worth to play if you enjoy teamplay games and have some friends to play - Solo players should better stay away and stay & play more Alien Breed or like.*Actually the game is over a year old from the PS4 and the DLCs all came out over the year. I saw negative reviews srs ""raging"" over the ""buttload of DLCs"" but if you think about that this game is one year old and the devs actually brought ALL DLCs for the PC too, thats actually a great job they really did that."
,Recommended,394510,22872158,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,lucoweb,"I think those bugs and illuminati look kinda familiar, but in a funny way."
,Recommended,394510,34926360,Posted: 13 September,all,aliasals,"Its like Starship Troopers, just better"
76561198009859621,Recommended,394510,31109376,Posted: 12 April,all,[MCRN] Ahlos,"Helldivers.... A squad of me and few friends decide to do the hardest difficulty mission at lvl 12. We walk our way through it all completing all the objectives. At the end wehn waiting for the shuttle to extract. Somone missfire his bazzoka and blow the hell of us all resulting in mission failure.Start new mission and when calling in our stuff, 1 get smashed by the pod. When somone tries to call down him again, he ""accidently"" throw grenade killing the last 3 of us. Less then 1 min in to the game, We all dead.. GG...That is Helldivers. Expect to DIE ALOT! And i mean ALOT!"
,Recommended,394510,28442441,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,meltdown,Love the game. Do NOT love the DLC driven content. I can understand a couple but each new Helldiver is 3$ and they've about about 15 since launch along with a vehicle pack.Still recommend it for the great coop. 7/10 due to so much paid DLC. 8/10 if that wasn't the case.
,Recommended,394510,27377724,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LIGHTNING,FREEDOM IS NEVER FREEBUT SOMETIMES ITS THE SUMMER SALE AND IT GETS PRETTY CLOSE
,Recommended,394510,23879267,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mk4UmHa,Buy Buy Buy!
76561198005665564,Recommended,394510,19586962,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,GoldMaN,Buy it.Play it.
76561198091007852,Recommended,394510,19608390,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,malcolmkekua,Got kicked from a match because i didn't speak spanish.Ign approved 10/10
76561198023047699,Recommended,394510,21622611,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Frankenllama,"Replace ""democracy"" with ""the Emperor"" and redo with warhammer 40k power armor etc. and this game is a perfect 10/10 would freedom again.otherwise yeah its great. shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥ get shot. die a bunch. great!"
,Recommended,394510,23998902,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,eulogy,"Really fun game. Kind of gets repetitive but thats why I play it in shorter bursts. Would be more fun with friends.One thing I will say is that I wish the camera was unlocked on the PC version. Restrict movement, but let us see centered around our own characters. Unfortunately this (and mostly, only this) reeks of consolitis."
,Recommended,394510,21233758,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Pugu,"Spacemerica'great community (the best I have ever seen, ever)"
76561197989687462,Recommended,394510,22965441,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,pat0727,"****MUST-HAVE if you're into fast paced couch co-op.  (Works fine with Logitechs Gamepads without Xbox emulator)BUT where this game really shines is when you can get some of your buddies online and have a keyboard/mouse combo each... and team up with higher-leveled strangers doing missions too difficult for you normally.  Be advised though, the first thing you should do at first launch is set your comms to <<PUSH-TO-TALK>>. (I heard stuff... you know...   creepy stuff.) Oh...  and practice typing ""ctrl, w, s, d, a, w"" real quick whenever you have spare time."
76561198005932150,Not Recommended,394510,21438756,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,sidewinder,"This game feels like its meant for multiplayer, but i found multiplayer to be very not fun.All players ""share"" a screen, and the reason for the quotes is, well, people don't really seem to understand or try to share the camera at all.If you are the leader of the group, and decide to head South for the next objective, you can yell ""Move!"" to your team. This is usually about the time someone wants to go North, they pull the camera away from your side, blinding you to enemies and forcing you to follow some random guy who joined your game.I think this game needs to train people to use their limited Camera system, or just make it better. Why cant each player have his own screen? Probably cuz of cross platform development trying to make more profits. Well your profit plan ruined a very possibly cool game. I love the setting and theme. I like the loadouts and options.The gameplay is based on a system they could replicate on many planets. I think the idea was to have procedurally generated worlds with ""endless"" missions. The way it felt to me was, every planet felt the exact same. Short of the annoying movement impairing areas of the map, they didnt really feel unique or engaging ever.Very Big let down. I feel like they didnt even research the genre, or test the game well. Surely someone at some point wanted independent cameras for each player, but i guess thats asking too much.Alien Swarm is a free game that came out 10 years ago or something (i didnt check), and does the genre SO MUCH better."
76561198099027375,Recommended,394510,19536104,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,MonopolyHD,"Helldivers is better than you probably think it is. It surprised me that it was any fun. The communities great, it's the best community in a game I have ever seen. The graphics are good and the game runs smoothly. The combat is balanced and fun. The backstory is very good and appealling to me. The game's backstory is basically what George Bush was trying to turn the world into. This is one of my favourite games and I suggest you play it! The only problem I have with it is that the bosses are a little to O.P at times. I give this game a 98% for what it is."
76561198128403351,Recommended,394510,19685216,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Cheesecake.bsg,"Go to every planet, spread democracy, and blow up everything.10/10 would spread democracy again."
76561197993580045,Recommended,394510,19690896,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Scrubs0,"Great game, Love it"
,Recommended,394510,19869005,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,El Fox-O,"excellent game, if your PC can take it, must buy"
,Recommended,394510,25972983,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,bleh,"This is one of the most fun games i've ever bought by accident.It was a random steam sale impulse buy, and one of my most played games since.If you like the twin stick shooter style game play at all, buy this."
,Recommended,394510,33146291,Posted: 2 July,all,Archiver,Great game
76561198125075780,Recommended,394510,33936570,Posted: 31 July,all,Lich King,good game best game in my life
,Recommended,394510,20923934,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Nox,What a fun little game.  Very fast paced and good working coop.  So crazy.
,Recommended,394510,21797573,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Michael Sly,Kicking Simulator 201610/10
76561197993828619,Recommended,394510,24115320,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Cypher,"I love this game and it is my favourite twin stick shooter game.Here is why:Stylistically you are a space marine landing via drop pods in a fairly grim tongue in cheek universe.Look at my profile, you can see why i'd like this.Game play wise, friendly fire is on forcing you to think, you can easily get swarmed, forcing you to think.Your loadout and tactics can determine the mission forcing you to think.You can choose your own drop zone forcing you to think.Solo or multiplayer in a squad, this is a thinking mans twin-stick.I love that it's community centric with community challenges, showing losses, kills and friendly fire/accidents in campaign.The game is quite hardcore, it's very easy to die, you need to manually reload guns etc. It's nearly nintendo hard.Of all the games I got on the steam summer sale this year - and make no mistake I went all out - , this is the sleeper hit of the bunch. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,394510,23875245,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,d4kocan,"Amazing game, teamworks are needed in this game unleast you're pro :DNeed a little fix in the camera position, overall its a good game"
,Recommended,394510,28027599,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FR13ND,Hell yeah fun game!
,Recommended,394510,19595548,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fire Bomb Otter,YOU! CITIZEN! DO YOUR DUTY AND HELP SPREAD DEMOCRACY AND LIBERTY TO THE FOUL SPACE-COMMUNISTS THAT INFEST OUR GALAXY! DO YOUR PART!
,Not Recommended,394510,28143258,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Wintermute,"Amazingly overrated repetitive grindfest with abysmal controls, sh*t directly from portable.Yes it's fun to play it with friends, but in my opinion it's only fun because of the friends.Even peeling potatoes can be funny if done with your friends, only if you have good friends.This game is hard, not challenging, only hard.Let me get this straight with one simple example:A good and challenging game: Dark Souls, where every fight is a duel that needs patience, skills and strategy. It has flawless controls and it keeps being challenging despite also being accessible to anyone.What about this game? It's hard for the sake of being hard. Nothing else.It's hard because you have to reload manually, you have to call for the ammunitions and you have to wait for them.Something ok at first but get tedious on the long run.It's hard because you have scarce ammunitions and you have to kill multiple enemies that keep spawning.Again, Something ok at first but get tedious on the long run.It's hard because the enemies deal too much damage and they keep spawning. Not because they are smart or something. Just they keep spawning endlessly. It's hard because of the artificial difficulty.It's hard because of the abysmal controls. Yes THE CONTROLS ARE BAD.It's hard because of that f***ing Konami code minigame you have to do everytime you have to call something. Why?! was that necessary? What does it add to the experience of this game on the long run, aside from slowing you down if you do a little mistake that may happen in a fast-paced situation?It's hard because the camera in multiplay is horrible.Those who defend this game may say: ""You have to get used to it""Bulls**t. You can get used to sleep over a rock if you do it every night too. It doesn't mean that it gets more comfortable over time.Again, DS is a good example of how to have good controls from the start and be more accessible to every kind of personwhile being a hell of a challenging game at the same time.Ok now you may say:""why you keep comparing two different game from two different genres""Because, in my opinion, if you want to be a really hard game you cannot allow yourself to make certain mistakes.This because you have to please the player and the veil between being satisfying and only frustrating is thinneras hard the game gets.It's like adding spines to the chess pieces to make chess more hard. Yes it gets harder, but for all the wrong reasons.SO TELL ME ABOUT THESE ABYSMAL CONTROLSKeyboard + mouse: going diagonally tires the fingers, the crosshair is nearly invisible and pointing at the enemies is something you have to learn. Sorry guys, being able to see at what you are shooting at is a condicio sine qua non to shoot, not a luxury.It's a feature that has been put in the game for purpose, for a god-only-knows reason.but but ""muh get used to the controls!!!"" ... Yes ... Again, Getting used to something that is diarrhea doesn't make the turd more solid. You can even get used to s**t rocks if have chronic constipation, doesn't make the next sitting a good experience.Joypad: better but still horrible. Why the right stick slows you down?! WHY?! it's so ♥♥♥♥ing easy to touch it for mistakes. Should i have to cut my finger off?Once you ""get used"" to this mess what does remain?A map with countless monsters who keep spawning, mines that oneshots you if you don't have twenty-twenty of vision to spot them, and repetitive missions. Wow, something REALLY new and innovative.I want to do a step back and talk about those f***ing mines: most of us are greasy nerds in our mom basement. We fap 24/7 on some weird tentacle porn. Obviously, We all use glasses!! Why making those f***ing mines so similar to the ground and put them in the shadow? Why?!If you are still intentioned to play this aberration you will find yourself to say ""Oops i died for no reason"" often. A deep mechanic or just a huge middle finger from the developers. Again, not hard, only frustrating. This game is an endless flipping the bird at a point that i feel offended.Now that i have enough SALT for my pasta and the water is boiling I'm going back to the kitchen, but not before my verdict.Purgatory/10 and ♥♥♥♥ democracy i want international dictatorship now.Why Purgatory? Hell is something you cannot escape, this game at least has the refund option."
76561198001233869,Not Recommended,394510,19916403,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ropo,"Too much repetitive, gets boring quick."
76561197970522024,Not Recommended,394510,19721203,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Wrongway Feldman,"I bought and put in a little time into Helldivers but it didn't last long. The keyboard/mouse controls suck. People can say I didn't try hard enough or that I need to ""suck it up, the game isn't for wimps"", but no game should suffer from design flaws that make it unfun to play with a keyboard/mouse combo simply because of the control setup. There are so many easy things that could be done with the keyboard/mouse controls to make a really fun game actually fun to play. The core game is great but the controls are so frustrating that it is unplayable. I wish it was different. I'd have all of my PC-using friends buy it. Keyboard and mouse users, save your money until the devs make changes."
76561198008559267,Not Recommended,394510,21126225,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Id.Huntthedarkness,"The game itself is fine, but I don't have ANY friends who play this game in order to help me complete those missions. Moreover, whenever I used SOS call, no one helped me AT ALL which is very annoying and should be improved (Auto-finding system, etc.). I'll look forward to buy this game again when it is on sale in the future. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,394510,20328881,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,vikk0,"It looks very interesting at first, and since it's from the same creators of Magicka + the trailer sounds like an amazing game.However, the game offers you little resources in game mechanics. The replay factor is low, you don't want to play it again and again...so you get tired of doing the same ""pointless"" missions every time.There isn't a storyline like Magicka. The ""history"" isn't interesting and not appealing at all. The characters are like chess pawn, nothing on them makes the game pop, nothing on the background makes the game pop.Also, this game REALLY looks like another one, which has completed 17 years in 2015. A game with 3 races... 1 insectoid, 1 psionic alien, 1 robotic technology. Not sure if its a joke with Starcraft or not, but seriously... not cool.I've played 10 hours in hope that the game would look more interesting, but nope. The same always. The DLC's are not worthy at all.Unfortunatelly i cannot refund it anymore."
,Recommended,394510,19545733,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hiretsunα,Nice game but too many bugs.
,Not Recommended,394510,20481536,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lupus64,"A crash-prone, sloppy technical mess of a console-to-PC port of one of 2015's best co-op games.Take your money over to the PS4/VITA/PS3 versions if you can and enjoy a fantastic, well balanced, deep Starship Troopers-esque 1-4 player top down shooter with mechs, tanks, jump jets, and tons of bugs and such to vaporize.Otherwise, buyer beware for PC players."
76561198027070230,Not Recommended,394510,19683402,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lancer Lee,"Don't get me wrong, it's got great concept, community involvment and competetive gameplay. STRATGEMS (Equipment drops) are fun to use.But the controls are so terrible that they took the fun out of this game.During multiplayer, half of the time you don't know where you are aiming because the aiming cursor resets to the direction your character is walking towars everytime you release the aim button. But in order to avoid enemy and ultilize equipments at the same time, you have to zigzaging in the field in all directions and there's no way you can keep aiming the same direction for the duration of the firefight.There's a half second delay to your character's response. Which means your aiming cursor might be on spot at a target already, but your character will shoot way off mark, sometime hitting other players behind you, because your character has to ""turn around"" for the attack.Walking and running are confusing as f**k, the game force all the players to stay in the same screen, but the problem is, they all look alike. Sometimes you might be looking at a somebody which you thought was your character, and your character might be walking off into a pool of lava.Speaking of lava, have you ever seen a map covered with active volcanos and will spill lava on your character as soon as they drop in? And when they get burnt to death they will respawn and die again because the area of damage for the volcano covers a great proportion of your screen?And weapons.... Everybody use shotgun because everything else are impractical and useless. Even a fully upgraded laser rifle can't even compare with a  shotgun with only one upgrade.Overall balance is horrible.So please do something about it"
76561198191872128,Not Recommended,394510,31912467,Posted: 22 May,all,Noob-Noob,"Great fun, but a bit too repetetive and stale after a while."
,Not Recommended,394510,29017433,Posted: 4 January,all,Selekos,"I have quite ambivalent feelings about this game. This game is like a fast food- tasty, but not nourishing.Merits:- Great setting (Starship Troopers vs 3 kinds of ""evil"" aliens);- Fun and good gameplay;- Good sound;- Variety of weaponry and tactics (and no winning algorthm).Flaws:- There is nothing to do after 15-20 hours of gameplay (and acquire essential strategems, and 3 capes), no achivements, no unique clothing (you will get some while leveling), nothing. You just play for gameplay... But this is co-op game, there is NO COMPETITION WITH OTHER PLAYERS, so after you helldive with all factions you will feel contentment, and you will uninstal game, because there is no reason (exept fun gmaeplay) to play more;- Single Player is just playing coop missions alone, there is no campain, no specially created for one player missions, no story line, nothing.You have NPCs on your ship, they could just give you some generic extra subquests (e.g. ""kill 4 bug behemoths in next mission"") for some ""medals"", just to have a purpose to go on mission. Even after you WIN A WAR, you admiral will tell you, that there will be SOON NEXT WAR. So community achivement is meaningless;- Servers are just pile of garbage, DC from games are often for exaple- my friend have 120 mb/s, I have 240 mb/s, we got DC, and today I WAS DISCONNECTED FROM MY OWN GAME! How?- Basic weapons are weak and miserable, you need to buy DLCs or you will struggle, and this is classic ""PAY TO WIN"".I hope that developers will expand this game, and it will evolve into something great. It has potential."
,Not Recommended,394510,22111685,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,941007,"If you think on playing alone, just don't buy it. This game is awful if you're solo. It only gets interesting/challenging with 4 players, also, matchmaking sucks, it puts lvl 2 players with lvl 30, it's just broken. Altough, if you have friends the game gets a little interesting, but, it's too repetitive. This game is not worth buying."
,Recommended,394510,23882020,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,poisonsoup,super earth need your help!
,Not Recommended,394510,22317726,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TigusVidiks,"DON'T!!!Consider yourself warned.Don't get tricked by the positive reviews, forget about all the praises. The game is broken, servers are not working properly for months, no fix in sight.At best you'll find 2 lousy matches in MP, at worse none.  Devs say it's a bug, but alas, that's all they said, way back then. Since then it seems they have nothing more to say,m  much less fix.Not even at 5 bucks people.You've been warned."
,Recommended,394510,19574921,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,A non-biased quick look @ the game:PC STEAM VERSION:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfulvy78lbwPLAYSTATION 4 VERSION:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TRgkktNZqwThe beauty of Helldivers on PC is the removal of the crazy PS Plus monthly fee of £4.99!
76561198030191876,Not Recommended,394510,23999547,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperDoggie,GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST GRIND FEST
76561198097817321,Not Recommended,394510,19760029,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dark,"Great for a playstation player whos a bit slow but for the pc player whos looking for a bit of speed with gameplay no this game is not for you. didnt feel complete for me rushed gameplay and actions. i imaged my self standing there killing aliens and the turn rate of my self would be alot quicker compared to the game witch in its self is then not realistic, mouse sensitivity any one? worth about a £5 to me. my opinion."
76561198014152100,Not Recommended,394510,23914644,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lerma,"Before buying this game, I was under the impression that this game was supposed to be challenging. However, me and my friend were able to beat helldiver missions(the hardest difficulty level) within an hour of playing as well as finishing a boss encounter. And this was done without any dlc gear. Since there are so numerous different difficulty levels; why couldn't the developers make at least the hardest one actually hard?Now, after just 10 hours of playing I feel like there is nothing to do anymore. What's the point of grinding better gear if that only makes the already existing ""challenging"" difficulty levels more easy? In other similar games with character progression being in one of the main roles, there is usually enough content in the game itself even if the game isn't particularly challenging. In this game, however, all the missions comprise of very similar encounters and gets very monotous after a while.Don't get me wrong though; Helldivers is insanely fun and intense in times and surely offers plenty of challenge for a casual gamer. A more experienced player like myself can find themselves question the replayability value as the hardest difficulty levels can be beat with an ease after just an hour of playing."
76561197964116096,Recommended,394510,19645949,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,doh!,이 게임의 진정한 위협은 눈앞에 보아는 적이 아니라내 등뒤를 겨누고 있는 아군이니라..
,Recommended,394510,19515592,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hesgad,Called an airstrike killed my whole teamCalled them back in killed myself by dropping them on my head10/10 would call stuff down againOh and if its big blinks and makes beeping sounds...better run it might be a nuke
,Recommended,394510,19492056,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MaroBaro,"from the creators of magicka. very cool.anyway this is the most co-op you've ever played, unlike l4d or kf2 where you just happen to have the same goal as the rest of the team.i'll give you an example, there is a shoulder rocket launcher which takes forever to reload and you cannot move in the process. but you can give another player the rockets and he can reload you in less than a second. that is what co-op is in this game.you also share the screen so noone can run off like rambo and stuff :)and of course friendly fire is on so it is harder not shooting your teammates than taking down a tank!and each player can bring 4 abilities (from about 30-40) some of which are one time use (like a nuke) or can be called frequently (air support.) you can have a tank, a mech, a bike, an apc, what have you. there are orbital strikes, air strikes, ship strikes and the way armor and shields work there are many many builds and almost everything has its used and is needed.overall I will be hardpress to tell you of another game that you can get so much enjoyment of for 20$. i also would suggest getting the deluxe version.note: if you are looking for single player then don't bother."
76561197971088364,Recommended,394510,32799157,Posted: 25 June,all,Rale,"Great game. Stupid color scheme. They force all players to be within the same screen and make them all the same color. Everything is F***ing yellow, special effects, characters, weapons, etc. It's like Dota2 is with the color blue. Cause they want ""Uniformity"" Sorry devs. It's f***ing dumb and everyone I know that plays this game agrees. So why would the devs listen to their fans/players right?"
76561198158458113,Recommended,394510,23744717,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Endangered Hominoid,"Game makes me feel like a BADASSGame makes me feel like a HEROGame makes me SWEATPlaying solo I get gud and feel like I can take on multiplayerSquad of newbs get eaten alive by invisible alien scumSquad of newbs kill each other with grenadesSquad of newbs kill each other with their gunsSquad of newbs kill each other with airstrikesSquad of newbs kill each other with their own resupplySquad of newbs get crushed by their evacEventually get gudJoin a game with high lvls...Kill them by mistakeDie of shameSeriously though, lots of content I'm still improving and it's still super fun buy it and help SPREAD (managed*) DEMOCRACY!!!!(you need the DLC so buy the full version if it's on sale)"
76561198144342383,Recommended,394510,23749891,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ChaRuru,Steady Aiming then ShotAfter that your friend down....haha~
,Recommended,394510,19626450,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Darkz01,Democracy?? CheckedFreedom?? CheckedLiber-tea?? CheckedAccidentally kill teammate?? CheckedKiller pod?? Checkedwhat are you waiting for?go sign up now!!!dont forget to shout BUGGGGGSSSS!!!!!! when spraying your bullets.
76561198132166263,Recommended,394510,19542201,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ShutUpAndGoogleIt,"-Played a game with random people-Became ""friends""-Played a level 12 mission-The game was chaotic-Friend said ""I'm sorry guys""-Map blows up10/10 would have friendships ruined again"
76561198118719906,Recommended,394510,19520331,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Otto Pussner,A republican's wet dream. 10/10
76561198061033895,Recommended,394510,19494080,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Blaynal,"My thought process when buying this game:Game: ""Bring freedom and democracy to the whole universe!""Me: It must be a 'Murica simulatorMe: BUY BUY BUY"
,Not Recommended,394510,20003483,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SaintAndrew92,"Let start off by saying the game works fine, and for the 4 hours I played it I had no problems. But it quickly became clear that this game requires a lot of grinding with a limited variation on quest objectives.Sure, maybe you'll team kill your entire team with an airstrike, 10 seconds from extraction and subsequently get abused for it... but the 15 minutes of trudging across the map wasn't worth it.If you're set on buying it, wait for a 50% sale."
76561197999234514,Recommended,394510,20935354,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,KnH ~ Dane,"OMG. This is so awesome! If you have friends, BUY IT! if you dont have any friends, BUY IT! if you cant afford it, BUY IT ANYWAY!"
,Recommended,394510,28927264,Posted: 1 January,all,ProbablyDeadAlready,Fun.
,Recommended,394510,20311993,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Murtle,"Starship Troopers the game.  (the turd movie version , not the Heinlein masterpiece)=========================Would you like to know more?   X=========================Sticky controls but a really fun twn stick co-op style shooter.  Good leveling sytem and great perks and super weapons that make for some awesome high pitched battles, with panicked last stand endings almost every time. The multiplayer system that allows all Helldivers on Steam to work together to conquer the galaxy (or spread the hell out of democracy in this case) was implemented brilliantly. A game best suited for co-op players and control freaks.""Come on you apes, do you want to live forever?"""
76561197999370774,Not Recommended,394510,19663982,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Anthony[DG],"This game is entertaining for a while but quickly caps individual skill once you get to higher difficulties due to the screen lock. If you're looking for a successor to Alien Swarm, this is not it.I would suggest picking this up when it comes on sale."
,Not Recommended,394510,19692719,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Bucc,Not keyboard friendly at times it just locked it up ingame and on my desktop. You wouldn't expect people to be cheating in a co-op game that came out a week ago.... Plus $20 for half the game is a little much. I'll wait till you can get it all for $20 and they fix the minor bugs that I came across after only playing for 30min.... Thought things like this only happened in Early Access games but i guess its all the same now.
76561198072485016,Not Recommended,394510,20335013,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,PlagueB,"Too simplistic, no depth whatsoever in my view. Fun for a while but that wears off extremly fast."
,Not Recommended,394510,19963188,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mindtrixx,"It was christmas, I was drunk, drunk me wanted a refund after the tutorial."
76561198058061588,Recommended,394510,23770123,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Porkulon,Its like Starship Troopers had a love child with Alien Swarm
,Recommended,394510,23565375,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pod,Great.
76561198043147083,Not Recommended,394510,19915781,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Deafeyes,"As enjoyable as this game is, the more efficient way to run through the levels is to not engage the enemy is firefights, but instead to constantly run away from enemies and only kill enemy scouts (the mobs responsible for spawning in more mobs).Combat with the stratagems  is akin to the Developer's previous title ""Magicka"". In Magcika you input an array of arrow keys, combining the different elements to annihilate your enemies or to♥♥♥♥♥♥off your friends. In Helldivers it is more restrictive, only allowing for specific arrays of inputs for a stratagem (the equivalent of a spell). This felt very unique at first, but I found myself missing the experimentation Magicka provided.Unfortunately, the supposed intense Galactic Campaign missions that require the community to reach a goal of community influence seems very unlikely to occur simply because the playerbase is too small.The game was great in the beginning, but with only 3 worlds and very repetitive missions, the game lacks a long-lasting appeal. If this game interested you for the stratagem mechanic I highly recommend Arrowhead's other game Magicka (or Magicka 2)."
76561197998544057,Not Recommended,394510,20155297,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ESSEMKEPLER,"Helldivers, right now, is not a good game. It has incredible potential but it's waiting on a larger player base to realize it.Here's the first con: it's either boring or impossible to play the game by yourself.You can go after easier planets, and the challenge never really rises above annoyance. Enemies will perma-spawn, and you can never kill them all. At the same time, they're easy to take down. Save for being trapped into the sniper beam move one of the Illuminates has, it's very tough to be killed in action. But you also don't get any benefit from killing more enemies during a mission, so it some ways it feels like a crutch to make you think the game is difficult and hectic, rather than actually being difficult and hectic.OR you could go after harder planets, which require other players. Since most of your friends don't have Helldivers, that will mean that you're getting paired with randoms, though mercifully the game has built-in voice chat. Still, your good time relies on randoms having generally the same playstyle as you: if you're the kind of person that wants to go objective to objective and then extract or if you're the kind of person that wants to explore every inch of the map and collect every sample, you have to hope that you're paired with other players that feel the same.The second con: the controls are frustrating.There's an Illuminate that sounds an alarm if they're allowed to exist within sight of the player for more than 3 seconds. Which is fine, except that turning and manuevering is slow enough that, even if you see and intend to kill the enemy ahead of those three seconds, you may not be able to point your gun and start firing in time. I suspect it's that way because, if you were able to manuever more easily, the difficulty level would sink like a rock.It's another aspect of the game that's being used as a crutch. Instead of coming up with clever enemies that challenge the tactics of the player, we'll just make it hard for them to turn and kill them!The third con: it's repetitive.""But you've only played 4 hours! How could you judge?"" Missions take about 5-8 minutes per, highly dependent on how much exploring you do. If you sit down for a long session with the game, as I have, you'll play 20-25 missions over that four hour period.Activate SAM site.Diffuse unexploded ordinance.Collect object X, move it to location Y.Doing that over and over again doesn't exactly make it feel like you're one of the most elite warriors taking on the scourge of the universe. Couldn't a lower-ranking battalion take on these responsibilities? I'm sure that the mission objectives get more diverse at higher levels, but you have to design a game that makes me want to get there. Right now I don't have much desire to get there.--TL;dr: Helldivers requires you to play with other people (which are most likely randoms because the game hasn't caught on yet) so that you can complete repetitive objectives and fight repetitive enemies with sometimes-frustrating controls. The idea is so good that it almost makes up for all of that. Hopefully they'll make some structural changes to the game, in the way that Blizzard did when they realized Diablo III was a bunch of good ideas that didn't work together, and more people will flock to it. I can't recommend it until then, even at $20.Last comment: can we remove the obviously fake ""enemies killed"" and ""Helldivers killed"" counters from the mission select menu? Don't try to sell me on the idea that thousands of Helldivers are sacrificing themselves every 10 seconds for managed democracy when less than 1,500 people overall are playing the game. It's laughably false."
76561197967559716,Not Recommended,394510,20163974,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jykil,"Poor console port, the controls are unintuitive. Your gun follows your character's facing direction rather than your cursor.Also, the missions are mind-numbingly simple. Go to 3 different spots and stand there for 20 seconds each. That's every mission I've played so far. Enemy variety very low as well."
,Recommended,394510,35168955,Posted: 23 September,all,boog,it's cool but repetitive
,Recommended,394510,27359144,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Timbrewolf,This game never gets old.  Ever.Ever.
76561198006217347,Recommended,394510,21332436,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"We were on a level 9 bug planet and we almost completed the mission. Having spread democracy far and wide as was expected of us, there was only one thing left to do: extraction.Ten seconds after activating the beacon the scouts alerted and we were swamped with bugs, we gritted our teeth and valiantly fought on. I killed a Broodlord in the last second as it was clawing at me on the ground and I could almost taste the liber-tea with 10 second to go!Then the extraction shuttle landed on top of all four of us.Democracy/10"
76561198192767281,Recommended,394510,21309301,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,PineApple,does anyone wanna buy my helldivers for 8 keys? of either csgo or tf2
,Not Recommended,394510,25932291,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JackSilvers,"Had connectivity issues after two decent hours in the game. Couldn't resolve them, and couldn't return the game."
,Not Recommended,394510,21015182,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,OmegaNine,"If you plan to play locally, don't bother.  Your friends can't level with you.  Basically it makes it totally unplayable in a local game.  Might be fun over network though."
76561198016311744,Recommended,394510,19812961,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,madistic,https://youtu.be/3CCh9sk-9l4?t=9s
,Recommended,394510,33209266,Posted: 3 July,all,Xedo,nice.
76561198216248685,Not Recommended,394510,29555588,Posted: 28 January,all,around,这游戏玩着就成了刷刷，全员带炮的游戏了，迫击炮最强
,Recommended,394510,31265232,Posted: 20 April,all,Herzer1234,Its a good game but my pet snail moves faster than the player character in this game..Dissapointing.
,Recommended,394510,29871748,Posted: 12 February,all,Fxc | SaVage,"A little ironic.The Helldivers kept saying ""Feel the power of democrary!!!"" and something like datmaybe it is a sarcasm towards something.... LoLReally like the way it goes, Four operaters fighting in the same picture""Four man co-operate 2D game""I would say datBe aware do not move too fast or to slow. it might cause teamate's sight-shortenedQuite like Evolve, but too less mission are made.So basically you might feel bored in 50 hours"
,Recommended,394510,32636082,Posted: 22 June,all,Tekaru,LIBERTY!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,394510,19681498,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Aiceetic,สนุกจิงๆหากเล่นกับทีมที่เข้าขากันแล้วละก็  มันส์สุดๆๆ 10/10 เบยๆ
,Recommended,394510,29024454,Posted: 4 January,all,ScaviBoi,I'M FROM BUENOS AIRES AND I SAY KILL 'EM ALL!
76561198353673725,Recommended,394510,28590777,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Salty Soda,shity  game i like it
,Recommended,394510,30299962,Posted: 3 March,all,AkY Deluxe,Awesome fun with friends
,Recommended,394510,30302123,Posted: 3 March,all,Kilrathi,"Happy Third Anniversary, fellow Helldivers! Enjoy yourself nice hot cup of Liber-tea, You've deserved it!"
,Recommended,394510,31426858,Posted: 28 April,all,Genrul Gruvs,It's good but Alien Swarm: Reactive drop is a much better choice. It is also free
,Recommended,394510,26928836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XY,Im going to build a wall and I will make borgs to pay for it
,Recommended,394510,34253836,Posted: 15 August,all,まる,You dont need teammates in almost 90% situations in this game.
,Not Recommended,394510,30443570,Posted: 11 March,all,Hey apple,"This game's aiming system is so uncomfortable for FPS gamer, I can't aim the target right on time when I am moving mouse . They should change it like Hotline Miami!"
,Recommended,394510,19518345,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Driftwood,"The first mission is like: ""Yeah, I can see myself getting overpowered rather easily and just dominating.But then it's like: ""JESUS CHRIST WHY CAN'T I COMBO THE RIGHT BUTTONS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GET AWAY FROM ME!"""
,Recommended,394510,19523253,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,P T S,Perfect Illuminati fighting simulator. 10/10
76561198089111912,Recommended,394510,30714124,Posted: 24 March,all,MuteTheSky,"a very good made game where you go on diffrent planets to kill spiders / cyborgs or ... some shield aliens idk+very good style+fun ""airdrops"" (Turrets/Mechs etc...)"
76561198040549959,Recommended,394510,30660019,Posted: 21 March,all,Baruc,Great game... nice interface... intuitive actions!
,Recommended,394510,21048896,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kozmiic,"Good game. Would highly reccomend the Deluxe edition at this discounted price as most of the DLC is great. The barebones game is good but after putting a lot of time into it you will unlock everything and get bored. The DLC makes the game even better imo. You can get them on hald price atm for 1.49. If you only have enough to get one or two get the support one (its a must) for playing multiplayer. and if ur mor eof a solo player the ranger pack is great for the UAV which scouts of unlock points. There are lots of other good dlc such as the Specialist, Hazard Ops, Demolitionist +more. Have fun with the game DLC or not you will have a fun time"
,Recommended,394510,19940445,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ButchyBanana,"It's a pretty, pretty good game."
,Recommended,394510,23872812,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,zxzc77 [Sparky],"The only downside I can think of is all the DLC. Otherwise, if you've got a friend to play with, this game is haliariously fun."
,Recommended,394510,19626890,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,its enjoy to play for hous at a time
76561197984131230,Not Recommended,394510,22290263,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Matrix,"The core gameplay have potential, the execution is lacking, repetitive and clunky"
76561198008779593,Recommended,394510,19591987,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Burg,Accidentally firebombed civilians we were supposed to be escorting then got eaten by bugs.  10/10
,Not Recommended,394510,22069093,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,tourist,"Very similar to alien swarm, but has some flaws (in my eyes) that will never be resolved because they are part of the core game mechanics:- Shared screen (results in screen pulling).. it's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's supposed to promote teamwork, but it just gets in the way and restricts your movement quite drastically.- Your gun refuses to turn as fast as you move your mouse.. It's slow, and it becomes even slower when you're firing your weapon. Very annoying, I hate this kind of ""difficulty"" where crippled controls is supposed to be more of a challenge.If these things do no bother you, you'll probably enjoy this game a lot. Especially if you liked Alien swarm. But for me, these issues kinda ruins an otherwise nice game."
,Recommended,394510,24820662,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Eremita Silvano,HELLYEAH this game is fun
,Recommended,394510,22988632,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Barkerr,awesome game
,Recommended,394510,34138028,Posted: 9 August,all,Stiahaldalas,yes
76561198036679754,Not Recommended,394510,21087246,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,=GR= Noone,Stay away from it because.1)Probably after 5-6 hours game after that is just a repeat just to farm points for unlocks.2)Expensive add ons that are sold seperately(even 20E for a game with this low content is alot compared to others like red solstice)3)If you don't have friends playing it don't bother you will end up playing alone most of the time4)No dedicated servers so people abuse kick and drop functions.5)No balanced weapons either you pay to get the machine gun or the free worthless broom stick
,Recommended,394510,26602456,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Emiya Kiritsugu,"I guess I'd recommend it if you have money to spend and nothing else to do.Pros:- game is fluid- didn't notice any bugs- satisfying- has some progressionCons:- shared camera, this♥♥♥♥♥♥ripped the whole game- no real campaign except constantly repelling attacks with others- OMG THE SHARED CAMERA FFS6/10 didn't play again"
76561198084728961,Not Recommended,394510,33038278,Posted: 30 June,all,Great Unclean One,"When this game is working, it's pretty good. Intense, running around maniacally, shooting down friends and foes alike.BUT...Local multiplayer is not the best. The game only recognizes one Steam account, so only the first player may choose upgrades. Other local players are considered ""Guests"", and may not earn or choose upgrades. Guests are able to use any upgrades purchased by the first player, but this makes game progress feel so slow.Also, this game disconnects Steam Controllers. We played with two Steam Controllers and one wired controller. The Steam Controllers took turns disconnecting, requiring a power off/power on cycle to regain control. Works about as well as you would expect in a shooter.Considering a refund on this game. At this time would not recommend for local coop."
,Not Recommended,394510,20569369,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,BakedZnake,"I personally don't recommend this game.1) Content, factions, item unlocks can locked away for several days to couple of weeks due to how the War system mechanic works.2) DLC structure is disgusting, Day 1 half the content is locked away as dlc. Playing the vanilla game with people with all the dlc, you are at a great disadvantage. $3 boots dlc nuff said3) Community is quite poor. In forums, the fanboys will defend any criticisms new players will have with the game, don't hope to find much help there. Ingame, it's full of hackers, team killers and trolls.The number of players playing this online are already dwindling after 1 month release, unless this goes on a heavy discount and you got friends to play it with, I would not recommend you getting this game."
,Not Recommended,394510,21118311,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lo Li Ta,Lost connection? What after I Finish Game And Get to Shuttle and thet Lost connection and get no reward? Your server suck fix it now!
,Not Recommended,394510,21595741,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jaunty,"The game felt slow; the enemies, worlds and objectives were uninteresting and quickly grew repetitive; navigating its ""in-game"" menu and UI in general was tedius. The game wasn't interesting enough to sustain my 2-player coop playthrough. I imagine that with 4 players it may be more entertaining since your friends would pose as much a threat as any enemy at that point."
,Not Recommended,394510,21432749,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Daddy's Grill,Not a bad game just boring.
76561198006369285,Not Recommended,394510,21396919,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,FernyVR4,I don't like rewarding companies for making items that are nearly mandatory for certain missions part of optional DLC (i.e. All Terrain Boots).
76561198241598934,Not Recommended,394510,22029504,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,circusrail,I do not recommend this game because of the camera lock.  I enjoy difficult games but i believe increasing difficulty through restricted vision is lazy and frustrating.  It makes this otherwise great game annoying.  I just want to be able to see. Skip this one till they change their minds about the camera and let it follow you.
76561198037080732,Recommended,394510,25934810,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gentleman,"Besides its gameplay (thats superB) and the amazing quaolity of the game. I have mention that it is the first game that I see where the armor for MALE and FEMALE is exaclty the same, there is no sexy variations for the FEMALE armor, or absolutely anything (just their arms and lengs are a little bit thiner).just for that, thumbs up."
,Recommended,394510,29776512,Posted: 7 February,all,pick,Fun game with friends.
,Recommended,394510,29861136,Posted: 11 February,all,Yoshi,If starship troopers and the clone wars were top down shooter games instead of a campy movies. TENOUTTATEN
,Recommended,394510,20985402,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,sheepdog2142,The best twin stick shooter I have ever played. Solid controls with amazingly engage gameplay. This game will keep you on your toes alwys tearting you on the bring of utter destruction and victory. The weapons and call in unlocks are expansive and very well done. There is so much variety that you always have something that can take on the problem at hand. That is if you brought it in one of your 4 slots out of the 52 choices. Best played with friends but can be soloed once some leveling has been done. The lore and feel of the game is so engaging. I love the over patroic socity and hell divers. The have a tase of democracy shouts they yell when killing bugs. The art style as wll is well done and keeps the poly count low while looking pure awsome. All in all buy this game.
,Recommended,394510,19538510,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bustin Big Loads,Top down twinstick shooter with very good art and music. Anywho youre not here for that all you care about is that this is the game that you wanted to play if you want to know what its like seeing american propaganda and then realizing this game is basicly you wiping out other races for the good of space mericatl;dr space merica is the best69/-3 would be a genocidal space conqueror again
,Not Recommended,394510,19562081,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Akimbo Chicken Strips,It's a fun game but I hate how there's $40 worth of DLC on launch day after I already paid $20 to prepurchase. Also said DLC doubles the amount of unlockables to use in the game. I've since lost all heart to play after hearing this news.
,Recommended,394510,19493574,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,The best Starship Troopers game ever made.10 out of 10 brainbugs.WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE?
,Not Recommended,394510,19860106,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Syliddar,The camera is the most difficult enemy you will face.
,Recommended,394510,19514251,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jesus,"After only 3 hours of gameplay I can actually say this is by far one of the best twin-stick shooters ever on pc. It is absolutely amazing, I mean I'd rather play this game than masturbate with a moldy apple with the core removed. Best co-op game 2015."
,Not Recommended,394510,19642960,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,chi,"Game is pretty interesting and fun with friends but the DLCs really ruins the experience.You pay money to play the game then you have to pay again to get the ""best"" (DLCs certainly have advantages over stock) equipment. This is not a F2P game, this is a pay-to-play game with pay-to-win DLCs. It really ruins the experience."
,Not Recommended,394510,19897378,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,G Money_RL,"Great game until the day it released and they decided to flood it with $3 dlc that should just be in the game. Disgusting money grab that needs to be corrected or this game is sitting uninstalled,"
76561198021767057,Not Recommended,394510,19707802,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Peatch,If you are like me and can't stand controllers this game is not for you.Designers themselves acknoledged that providing a proper keboard mouse support made the game too easy vs controller.So they mangled it in an attempt to even the boards therefore making it totally unplayeble with the proper PC controls.Conclusion: unless you dont mind playing with a controller stay the heck away.
,Not Recommended,394510,28731803,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,försvann ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Mandatory DLCs. About 2/3 of all unlockable content requires a purchased DLC and good luck fighting a boss on a snow map without all-terrain boots.Deluxe edition is a good deal, sadly I didn't know the game pretty much requires DLCs to play properly. Bought the standard edition and there's no way I'm buying the game again just for the DLCs (they are a much worse deal when purchased separately).If you're gonna buy this anyway, only go with deluxe edition."
76561198009232769,Not Recommended,394510,20199233,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Oatmeal Guy,"Game is good but sadly DLC infested, all the good and overpowered stuff is there too, don't buy this unless you are willing to shill out extra 20 bucks for the adicional content just so that you can have the full package."
,Not Recommended,394510,19710293,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Hamster Fabulous,"At the time of this review I feel I cannot recommend this game for people like myself, who are PC gamers, and do not enjoy playing with a gamepad.Keep in mind that Helldivers does a lot of things right, and it is enjoyed by many. The game looks very nice and sounds great. The setting is awesome, especially if you were a teen when Starship Troopers hit the theatres in the mid 90's. The ambience, humor, and crazed politics are very reminiscent of it.If you're used to gaming on console, and enjoy twinstick shooters with a gamepad, then this game is for you. It was released on PS4 first, the gameplay was designed for consoles, and that's how it's supposed to be played. But then, you should have been playing it for the past 9 months.As far as a PC port, Arrowhead made some exceptionally poor design decisions when catering to the PC crowd- The developers - though publicly stating otherwise - seemingly neglected the fact that some PC gamers enjoy their games with the Keyboard and Mouse combo, and do not feel comfortable with a gamepad. A real shocker there.The KBaM controls are stupendously counter intuitive. The crosshair only appears when you aim. When the crosshair disappears, it is automatically reset on the center. The only way of know where you'll be aiming is to look at where your character is facing. In sticky situations, things quickly turn sour. You cannot react quickly, and though you may get used to it, things never get comfortable. This also severely hampers the ability to dodge, jetpack, and melee.There currently is a thread on the steam forums for this game, asking for the KBaM to be modified. It has 520+ posts in it as of yet. Though the developers replied, in the first couple of days that they were monitoring the thread, they have long since gone silent. Patches have been released, improving the controls...for the gamepad.If you are a KBaM player, buy at your own risk. Many of us are extremely dissatisfied with the controls, something even more shocking given this is the studio that gave us Gauntlet. It seems dev teams do not communicate much at Arrowhead.Edit: Arrowhead developer ForeverAPeon seems to have posted another answer on the rather lengthy thread discussing the matter. Though not particularly informative, as he only stated they were still ""monitoring the situation"", it does show that the devs seem to be paying some attention to the situation."
,Not Recommended,394510,21072865,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Giblet,If you are looking for a top down shooter to play with some friends. Don't buy this. The camera feels waaay to limited in this. Buy Running With Rifles instead (also no filthy DLC) which I highly recommend to play with mates and have a top down shooter itch.
76561197994881162,Not Recommended,394510,20451990,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dunjall,"Cool game, but the community is, due to the same mechanics, allmost as toxic as the Payday community. Great game for couch-coop, but the matchmade games are crap: teamkilling, insta-kicking, kicking close before end of the match, flaming, harrassing, etc. Dont play this online, until the developer does something against these issues. thumps down"
76561197963738035,Not Recommended,394510,19755539,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Quar,"Since the game was too easy, they decided to make bad controls.  No really, read the forums, the dev's actually replied this."
,Not Recommended,394510,20147865,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tarkus,Mix feels here. Game play is fun BUT and there is one big BUT the controllers SUCK DONKEY DONG. They are slow and most fan boys say it's on purpose to add difficulty. I say♥♥♥♥♥that. I wan't my TWIN STICK SHOOTER to be RESPONSIVE. Not have to hit spacebar and wait for a 5 second animation of my dude falling to the floor and another 5 second animation for him to stand the ♥♥♥♥ up.PROS:Game is wonderfulLovely gameplayFUN mechanicsCONS:On a twin stick shooter that requieres fast decisions controller costumization should be a given thing.Downvoting just because of the sluggish-death-inducing-controller-scheme. May change this to a YES if it gets modified later on. Didn't ask a refund because EVERYTHING else from this game is well executed and fun.
,Not Recommended,394510,19550407,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Deo Fayte,"While I've liked this game the past few days I'll say it's felt a little lacking for the price.Now I know why, there's enough launch DLC to double the in game unlocks.If I could get a refund I would.  If you don't have a problem with lots of DLC then enjoy the game."
76561198076405533,Not Recommended,394510,30857443,Posted: 31 March,all,-UV-Natural Caffeine,"Its kinda repetitive and any kept me intrested for about 20 minutes of play time before i realized that without friends, its dull and bland. Im all about space and this game got me hyped up when i got the money to buy it, but im not in the mood to have the same objectives only grouped diffrently."
,Not Recommended,394510,19580101,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Manjaro,"I wish I could tell you all the ""supposedly"" wonderful things about this game. Hell, i wish i could tell you anything about the game outside of the screenshots and video on the from page. But I can't; the game won't even start. Or I should say that the game won't start ""without immediately crashing on launch"". I've spent 20 minute alone getting a crash screen.  I'm not even sure how steam counts that as time spent playing the game but, hey, steam has done weirder thing.I've run my hands through just about every decent fix currewntly out there and nothing works. my drivers are fine, my redists, DirectX, and Frameworks are fine, and it's damn sure not my operating system. Only the 32-bit Safe-mode works (for the most part) but i'll be damned if I pay for a working 64-bit game and get it's 32-bit counterpart, especially the ""safe-mode"" version of that!The game apparently has this issue commonly sometimes at exiting the game, sometimes in the middle of the game, sometimes before the game like me which leads to me not playing the game. At all.When one of the solutions you're given by another player is ""try a fresh install of your OS?"" for one game, not all of them or your system in general -just one game- then you should probably ask for a refund and go on about your happy way. I really want to like Helldivers. I wanted to play it outside of playstation network for months and the chance finally presented itself.... or so i thought.I can't even rate it because I can't play it to even make a rating. I'll change my review when I see that this game is running like hot butter on toast with little to no common issues. For now however, I'd say wait until all the kinks are worked out because apparently this is a common issue. until then pretend the game isn't here."
,Not Recommended,394510,19684562,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Cheers Mate,"Hold on a sec! Don't get me wrong the gmae play is amazing, the progression is cool, not to mention some gride to earn strategments whish i love.However, it is still young, meaning it has issues whish are:1) It fails to pick up my itegrated GPU! instead it chooses my intel chip graphics...NONE LIKES THAT!2)It goes windowed every ♥♥♥♥ING time i exit to desktop! I mean FFS I should go to options and change it every single GOD DAMN TIME3)IT CRASHES!A LOT!4)IT DISCONNECTS ME!A LOT! And to make it worse, it does that ones we finish a mission, me and friends. And that hard work gone astray...5)It is quite normal that when u dance the hell out your cape starts streaching all the way across the screan and returns to original..I love the game, but i can not enjoy it to the extant i would love to,I recomended it to all my friends and they seem intrested. I had soo much fun at the start that i bought it to a friend so we could play together.I would emediatly write a better review if these bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥ were  to be fixed.Plz fix your **** so we could **** some *****. LONG **** STYLE!"
76561198016997891,Not Recommended,394510,19895426,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,spifomie,No winter sale for overpriced DLC makes me cry inside. (All I ever wanted was to buy the megabundle at 25% off :<)0/10 would not drink LIBER-TEA with. Game devs are clearly republican Cyborgs.
76561198016947654,Not Recommended,394510,20953207,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,moshkunov,"Nice game, looks ok, fun to play.But there is nothing to do in it after you explore the basic things (several hours of gameplay), no progression, no upgrade, nothing."
,Recommended,394510,19695589,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,om3g4_z3r0,A great way to lose friends.
,Recommended,394510,23892761,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashiro,ho lun jeng
,Recommended,394510,30328314,Posted: 4 March,all,Gwyn,"lol,"
76561197983621289,Not Recommended,394510,19824029,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BlackSheep,I want my own Screen when playing with Friends. It sucks so hard when u dont see♥♥♥♥♥♥and stand like 3 m away from the Screenend. The Gameconcept and the Idea is great.
76561197985286350,Recommended,394510,31396239,Posted: 27 April,all,Commander Ted,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
,Not Recommended,394510,19693409,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,HoooooNy,"Can't play the galaxy campaign!!!!!! F@ck!THE THING I CAN PLAY IS ONLY TRAINNING!!!!When I access to battleship's campaign console, my screen just become to black, and then return to battleship.♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10For this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bought non-DLC first, then refund and bought it again with DLC(deluxe pack).Totally waste of time."
76561198036668645,Not Recommended,394510,19840318,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,maddogphil696,"A lot of money for a mobile divice game, not a great port and incredably simple, save your money"
,Not Recommended,394510,20018082,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yoebo,"Multiplayer does not work, when playing co-op with a friend, so cant get 4 player goups for level 7+"
76561197960542388,Not Recommended,394510,20004647,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DelitaCanada,"4 of us lanned up computers only to realize this game's repetitive gameplay style, thankyou *request a refund*and my bottle of Crown Royal Northern Harvest!"
,Not Recommended,394510,19729775,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ilovednb,"if you have a 21/9 moniter don't buy this game.. it is not supported and devs will not fix it as it ""gives a unfair advantage"""
76561198072762860,Recommended,394510,19553697,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SeedBox,"If you're a fan of top-view co-op games like how Magicka was for example, but hate the magic thing and want to switch to a ""DEMOCRACY!"" and ""starship trooper"" vibe, get this damn game. Doesn't demand much of your computer, community still active enough to get action if you want it, enough variety, plenty of gear.Only bad thing about it is that it probably will never be updated again with new content. I think they added a cosmetic armour set as celebration for years of being published, but that's it. REGARDLESS, I think the game is worth it and very fun. Good with friends, but you can do just as fine with randoms believe me. :)"
76561198064679582,Recommended,394510,23759563,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TrAsH MaN,Starship Troopers: The Game. Why are you hesitating.
76561197969584756,Not Recommended,394510,20774107,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Nosferatu,"This game is fantastic. I give a thumbs down because you with local coop you can't sign multiple steam accounts in. If you want to play couch coop with your friends then you're just sharing a single account with the other players as ""guests"", which is extremely annoying."
,Recommended,394510,20382961,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,lockwoodx,"Helldivers is set to a cheezy Starship Troopers themed world that's got decent production value, hilariously executed multiplayer, and doesn't break the bank. Overall this is a great value that comes with 3 content packs for free along with $DLC that isn't cosmetic nor mandatory but continues to build upon a fun experience of classic dual stick shooters with a Magicka twist on gameplay."
76561198090234955,Not Recommended,394510,20406744,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,biu,Died from enemies and then the drop pod lands me in lava for an instant mission fail.Lazy programming and greedy EA style DLCs.
76561197979723166,Not Recommended,394510,28917000,Posted: 1 January,all,Zardu Hasselfrau,"Funny game, but not even close to the fun factor in Magika..."
76561197991334809,Not Recommended,394510,30448346,Posted: 11 March,all,Dan78,"Single-player warning: lure-in, DON'T BUY! Store page says that this game is playable as single-player. Reviews and game description tell that it is a double-stick action. Both statements are WRONG! There is no action (double-stick or not), and single-player experience is non-existent. The levels are designed in such a way that you can only win them by overwhelming numbers, e.g. by mob-rushing in multiplayer. Single-player mode is a joke, its only purpose is to get you buy this game, even if you don't want multiplayer.."
,Recommended,394510,19536341,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,neLo,...
76561197990300065,Not Recommended,394510,29367544,Posted: 19 January,all,branedotorg,"I've only played about an hour, I really like the game mechanics but it's very repeditive and there doesn't seem to be AI team mates you can call on, only other players. I'm not really one for multiplayer so it's a thumbs down, although with some friends to play with I'd give a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,394510,30350645,Posted: 5 March,all,Outsider,"Seems like a fun game having only played it an hour or two. There appear to be interesting customization options and a wide breadth of skills/strategies you can employ while at the same time being good ol' instant action carnage :)HOWEVER, and this is a big one... Don't even bother playing this game offline with a friend. The ""guest"" player is UNABLE to upgrade or save their progress in any way at all. Since this is the whole reason I purchased this game, I'm disappointed. We didn't find this out until it was time to upgrade about an hour in. Really disappointing. Reading reviews online, it seems that the developers themselves blame Steam because individual data is saved to Steam accounts - one per player. I don't buy it. The uploaded data could just as easily contain a set of players (tied to player names) where each blob of data has upgrade/character info associated with it. Conceptually, this doesn't seem impossible, but it may be that the design of their game engine makes it a pain to do (much more likely).Because I purchased this game primarily for the local co-op I'm not recommending this game."
76561198029378307,Not Recommended,394510,24024572,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,FelixMato,Corrupt file problem !
76561198123022457,Recommended,394510,22304869,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,terax21,epic game but there are swome bugs :D
76561198026381639,Recommended,394510,19626325,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,hadley,"solid gameplay, crash constantly."
,Recommended,394510,21076282,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,drifoy,"The kind of game that is the last thing on your mind before you go to sleep and the first thing when you wake up. Blood, sweat and tears just for a nice cup of liber-tea."
76561198001694327,Recommended,394510,21816415,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ADuckInATub,I'm from Buenos Aires and I say KILL THEM ALL!
76561198132670253,Recommended,394510,29346450,Posted: 18 January,all,EoniAno,Grenaded all my 3 teammates in one toss. Get scolded for a whole night.10/10 will get rekt again.
76561197994059145,Not Recommended,394510,29083223,Posted: 7 January,all,lowpolygon,"I want to recommend this game..I really do. But unfournately I can'tSInce I got this game, I cannot play this game online. The only way I can play this game is to go offline. Which kindatakes away half the fun since there iare global campaign that requires online.And believe me when I said I tried everythig forums suggested. And I have googled for 3 days trying to find a soultion.Consider this game been out for over a year..it disgustes me to see this kinda of problem still exists.I even wrote to dev tring to get them to help and I am still waiting for a reply...it's been 3 maybe 4 days now since I wrote to them. Even at the price I got during winter sale..I feel ripped off."
,Recommended,394510,21061142,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Corrosion,"It's a really fun game once you start figuring things out and find your play style. It has so much to offer and so much to do that I really believe it deserves a good review. I don't know about the full price but on sale, I'd say grab it."
76561197990304490,Not Recommended,394510,21490717,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ChickenFeather,"I'm very upset about my purchase, not because the game is bad or anything.Ever since Gauntlet, anything arrowhead is extremely worth purchasing and throwing in a couple extra dollars for super fun time DLC.But I won't recommend this game only because when I bought it it showed Cross-Play and I later notice that it's not the case for being that as the PC gamers cannot connect to the ps4,ps3 nor psvita.AND NOW ABOUT A MONTH LATER AFTER I BUY IT THEY REMOVE THE CROSSPLAY TAG FEATURE WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?!"
,Not Recommended,394510,20996772,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,UndeedSam,"I cant even play it because i get a ""lost connection"" every few seconds. Unplayable."
,Recommended,394510,29844230,Posted: 11 February,all,kr1sh,Very fun coop
,Not Recommended,394510,28614853,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,20k,"Literally don't understand how this has such positive reviews. Eye destroying colour palette, clunky controls, forced mmo style global progression for everyone (so you can't progress with your friends, and we couldn't fight one of the factions!). Most of all? The camera is forced to between the two characters in ONLINE coop. This means half the time you cant even see what you're shooting at, and you can't split up eitherAbsolutely terrible game"
76561197993528407,Recommended,394510,19515638,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Marshall,I LIKE WHAT YOU'VE GOT
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,394510,28611690,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Triptrippen,"Love the humor and story but the screen being locked to your friends kills it for me. Not being able to see 10ft infront of you is really dumb, this isn't a couch game with us all in a living room playing on the same screen, there is no need for that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,394510,25315571,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,eaxs,"The controls killed the experience for me. Xbox 360 controller is too inaccurate to be effective, and with mouse and keyboard, there are issues like grenades getting thrown in the direction your character is facing, rather than where your mouse is pointing at, which is infuriating!On top of that, there seems to be a general input lag. I expected snappy and accurate aiming with the mouse, and what I got was a wobbly mess instead."
76561198084043525,Not Recommended,394510,27558428,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Drei69,"I got the game on sale and less than 2 hours I asked Steam for a refund which I got, so thank you Steam for that.I really wanted to love this game but I found the experience rather frustrating. My first MP game I got kicked out, 2nd attempt the team was very nice but I kept getting killed by my team's bombs, extraction shuttle and weapon drops. In the end I got a tank drop and staid in it the whole game. Great concept but the game has no zoom capability and you have friendly fire on with every single weapon and skill. Considering that you can only fit that many people on one screen they should really re-think this.I do love shooting games such as this, loved the Warhammer on Xbox, How to Survive and other games such as this.PRO:Great 4 player action shooterInterfaceCON:No support for Xbox controllerFrustrating controlsFriendly fireKilled by friendly fireKilled by friendly skillsKilled by supply dropsKilled by team vehiclesKilled by falling off the mapKilled by extraction shuttleBoring after a whileMight be OK if it was a Free 2 Play game but honestly I didn't feel the game nor was it something I could recommend. Too basic and too frustrating. I really think that the friendly fire from everything is what killed it for me."
,Not Recommended,394510,19600242,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,rhinton2099,"Great game, HOWEVER in the game settings you cannot change your Display Adapter settings, it's locked in whatever settings the game sees fit.I have two graphical settings, Integrated Intel and Nvidia Geforce GTX 960m. (Using a Asus Laptop)The game does not recognize the Nvidia settings at all.Please update the game so I can change my settings as I've already gone through the Nvidia Control Panel and tried to force Helldivers to work only with Nvidia, but it's to no luck.Hopefully someone can see this post and get back to me, I can then change my recommendation to positive when it's fixed."
,Not Recommended,394510,19651265,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Captain Toast,"Helldivers is pretty fun. You can kill lots of enemies with laser rifles, grenade launchers, and heavy artilleryUnfortunately, the one enemy you cannot kill is the camera.The Magicka-style 'scroll to keep player onscreen' camera is hot garbage and usually results in being killed by enemies offscreen because it's ludicrously zoomed in as well; objectives like the capture points will usually end up taking the middle third of the screen and leave you to wander around getting shot in the♥♥♥♥♥by things you can't seealso, friendly fire was never funny, cut that♥♥♥♥♥♥outi want a needle for every time I was either shot by an ally in a mech or someone wandered in front of me when I fired my rocket rifle and downed us bothbecause i'm going to shove them all under the Arrowhead Studios developers' fingernailsit's a rip-roarin' good time, don't get me wrongbut the problem is the camera is actively attempting to destroy you by being utterly obtuse in anything but single playerand that's no good"
,Not Recommended,394510,19793611,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Coth,"Repetetive gameplay and very basic character development, not more to say here. You get the same but better and cheaper in e.g. Warframe.5/10, would not buy again."
,Not Recommended,394510,19682122,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,AJPC,Lags every 3 seconds can't fix it
,Not Recommended,394510,19710845,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rukrio,"if skipping the tutorial leads to a guide damn it, i don't want it. it hurts that it's unintuitive on how to so something so simple as revive in co-op."
76561197969368740,Not Recommended,394510,19740579,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MADDOG,Too buggy
,Not Recommended,394510,19691999,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ejjoo7994,♥♥♥♥ing dlc
76561197970530053,Not Recommended,394510,33936688,Posted: 31 July,all,buttonmush,"As a real fan of Arrowheads Gauntlet, I had held off for a while on getting this. Boy do I wish I hadn't bothered. Gauntlet is a great local multiplayer game and runs a treat with 4 of us on the living room big screen.Same developers, same engine, great Starship troopers theme, got to begreat......no?The game has many faults, minor ones but fatal ones. In essence the pick up and play fun has been completely sucked out of this game....it's just not much fun.You main gun runs out of ammo, and very quickly too meaning the whole time you are concentrating on ammo drops than shooting. Fair enough better weapons etc. But not even being able to reload whilst running is just crap. The game just concentrates on resource management and boring side fluff that one ends up no being bothered to play. To top this off, the obsession with online play means that even in a local multiplayer or single game you can't run ultrawide displays. Yes I know the official line on that but some of us do have actual mates that come over and play on the one machine.  Boring, an arcade play approach would have made it so much more fun."
,Not Recommended,394510,19654247,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mosaic,"I can't recommend this and I already got a refund. Mostly because the keyboard/mouse control scheme just didn't feel good to me at all. But also because I've never had luck with co-op games because I don't really have friends to play with. Seems like this game was really designed for freinds with mics to play on consoles with controllers together. Mind you, it seems fun in that circumstance but for me it's just not what I'm looking for."
,Not Recommended,394510,23895269,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ay1556,"This is an unfriendly PVP game, when you play online, your team will either kill you or kick you."
,Not Recommended,394510,19693706,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mafoon,pretty sweat game but the fact you have to buy the in game content with dlc such as vehicles and weapons and they can't be unlocked just by playing is a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥take.
76561197980269279,Not Recommended,394510,19702579,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dante,"great game, but sometimes unplayable with xbox 360 controller.it needs fix for setting up a deadzone, or you stuck get stuck to aiming all the timeit tried durazno, but that didn´t work.but great game, i would play it all the time if they fix it.the only other thing that sucks is, that there aren´t any guest player profiles, so local coop isn´t that fun at all"
76561198043861660,Not Recommended,394510,28620902,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Drakn Stagson,"I'm ammending my previous review. I finally got it to work, and so has my brother.From a purely fun point of view, Ivery much recomend this game. Its fun, well thought out, and in the fifteen hours I've played so far (and I intend to play more) I've only found one weird interaction bug.However: The amount of work that went into getting this game to work was beyond ridiculous. It took about two hours of trial and error and combing FAQs, forums, and racking our own brains to get it to work. So, while I reccomend it for the fun value, if you're looking to just pick this game up and play it, that may not entirely work. Your mileage will vary, but be careful."
,Not Recommended,394510,28606508,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,IvanTheTerrible79,"the multiplayer is garbage, i have tried to join about 20 games, and only got into 1, before (I assume) the host left and it kicked me back to the main menu after maybe 15 seconds. it should not be this hard to get into a multiplayer game.the single player is also really bad, on higher difficulties it takes just a few hits for you to be downed, this game is obviously made to be played co-op so that you can watch each others backs, and cover people when they are doing objectives. when in single player you have to do objectives like defusing mines, and then really fast enemies swarm you from off screen where you cant see them, and kill you while you are trying to complete the objective.i bought this game and all its dlc for 60% of, it was not worth it.edit:to clarify; ""no connection between ships"" or something like that, is the error message that i get every time i try to join a game.it is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that in 2016 this people cant make a game with ♥♥♥♥ing multiplayer."
76561197960938884,Recommended,394510,23894668,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,"M*lk? ""The Situation""",shut up and buy this game and all the dlc already
,Recommended,394510,19995018,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Survii Gecko,"I know this is the game for me, I called it if I play hundreds of hours of this. (1 hour at time of review)How do I know?Well, in my first game I was playing with two people who I presume were freinds, near the end of the game one of them is running to pick up an lmg they just called in, but is promptly stomped on by his friend in a mech-suit. All the way untill the lobby screen, the guy who was stomped on was laughing so hard he was crying. It was amazing"
,Recommended,394510,20401542,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,claiminglight,"Tight controls, great humor that's never spoon fed, excellent combat and a gamer crowd that actually works together!I don't take issue with the DLC packaging that Helldivers is going with. I felt disgusted to see it at first, and annoyed when I found out that the friends who had bought it got a bunch of really powerful stuff, but it didn't take long at all for me to get equipment that was comparable to what they'd paid for.Further, the base price of Helldivers is low enough that I feel like I got a deal. The extra content and extra price for the DLC, when all added together, would sit at about the pricepoint I think the game is worth. Then, when you figure that you can mix and match what you want, I'd say the end result is a pretty good deal. So sure, I'm not a huge fan of micro DLC-- but the alternative would have been charging the full price to everyone for everything. All this payment model did was let some people skate in for cheap."
,Recommended,394510,19529721,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ManilaPCGaming,wtf. this game is amazing!! i knew it im gonna fall in love with this one :)
76561198032544225,Not Recommended,394510,28620647,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Eggnogg011,Port 443 issues really make this game worthless.
76561197965396869,Recommended,394510,21240664,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Macdallan,"Played a couple hours.  Decent concept and okay graphics.  Fast paced and frantic at times, but feels repetitive.  Also screen-locked.  Yep - everyone shares the same screen.  Like on an older console game.  I really dislike this part of the game as the camera doesn't zoom out far enough most of the time.  It limits tactics.  Many call down support options and upgrades.  It's fun, but the camera lock is a big negative.Recommend - just barely, get it on sale and beware the locked camera."
76561198313085620,Recommended,394510,30717563,Posted: 24 March,all,skidmad,"not bad,7/10"
76561197969893764,Recommended,394510,19525220,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gomoto,hilariousinstabuy
,Not Recommended,394510,28277202,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Gary Gyarados,"controls are clunky the theme is ok  the action is kinda meh,"
76561198053166129,Not Recommended,394510,21359766,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,eanhard,too basic and too repetitive too basic and too repetitive
,Not Recommended,394510,21368727,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,White Ranger,I thought this game would be good but it is not fun. I thought magicka was a pretty fun game but this game sucks. It is difficult to learn how to play even with the tutorial. The guns run out of ammo way to quickly and I shoot the gun like 10 times and the magazine runs out of ammo in the assault rifle. And where the ♥♥♥♥ is the extraction zone! This game isnt horrible but it is way to difficult to learn and the weapons suck♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067777011,Not Recommended,394510,21387421,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,jackg966,"This is only in reference to the co-op features on Helldivers. Myself and a friend have been looking for a local couch co op game to play for a while and this looked like a very good option. We played for 5 minutes and found out that player 2 is only a reflection of player 1 within the game, without their own ability to upgrade or make their own choices, and it is only player 1 that has this ability.It must be said that I believe the game itself plays very well, it is a fun co op game and has a nice art style, but the local co op is what we were looking for and it turned out to lack the depth we wanted."
,Recommended,394510,28583187,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,баатыр,GG
76561197983301475,Recommended,394510,33662407,Posted: 19 July,all,RabidUrko,Great game.
76561197999665361,Not Recommended,394510,19574257,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Brewmeistor,"Cheaters paradise, griefers rejoice.Arrowhead didn't make any attempt to curb cheating in Helldivers. The bigger issue, if your in-game with a cheater, your save file will be modified and the only fix involves starting over from scratch.Griefers live for this kind of software.Unless you only plan on playing within your known friends list, this is a don't buy.Way to drop the ball Arrowhead."
,Recommended,394510,23469436,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,EvilMath,"Like mаsturbаting, it's more fun by yourself and even more intense when you get cаught.Also like masturbating, it'd probably be more fun if it were portable."
76561198059733017,Not Recommended,394510,19571290,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Woodfist,This game is the best I have played in several years. It is AWESOME!But the monetizing system is a complete rip-off. If you bought the standard version already you can now chose to either buy all (quite mandatory) DLCs separately for 43€ or buy the Deluxe Edition for 30€ IN ADDITION to the standard version you already have. Has to be the most ridiculous case of PAY TO WIN I have witnessed in a long time.
,Not Recommended,394510,19578262,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,lolo,"Camera controls are ridiculous once you start heading into co-op.There's a game mechanic where if an enemy patrol spots you, it spawns more enemies. its usually somewhere close to the edge of your screen if you're playing solo. but if you're in a group, it forces the camera to center in the middle of the group, which makes it harder to see the edges of the screen. patrols will get startled immediately because its extremely difficult to react to the enemies even if you're in a tight group. I submitted a refund request, and if you plan on playing with anybody, i do not recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,394510,31502105,Posted: 2 May,all,Tolfu,"To start of, I myself am an avid shoot-em-up fan, and went in with a lot of anticipation seeing I could play this game in co-op with friends. Most of this hype was shattered quickly through clunky controls, repetitive missions and no long time reward thanks to DLCs. Don't get this game if you want to play a good Twin Stick Shooter! I don't understand, how so many people could give a positive review, did nobody ever play a good Shoot-em-up.This review will mostly focus on gameplay, as that was the reason i got the game. The intro cinematic was kinda cheesy and interesting, but it lacks any kind of later story progression, which could have keept me interested.The camera completely works against you. Enemy’s often see you before you even can see them. It takes at least a second, until the camera decides to follow you, and when it finally does it takes another 20 seconds. If you are lucky the camera actually shows what’s in front of you.Furthermore the controls feel super clunky. The player walks slow and shooting and aiming makes him walk even slower than a snail. Dodging also isn't really an option. The classical combat roll is replaced with a move, where the player goes prone and is even more likely to get shot.And whoever had the brilliant idea to add turn speed to a top down shooter, should get fired.Shooting also just doesn't feel right. Weapons in your armoury are just statistics, that barley explain enough what it actually does. Then, when you go into a mission, you are limited to one gun and a mostly fixed pistol. This makes the actual gameplay monotonous, even if you have unlocked a buttload of weapons.The idea of being able to send down further equipment and airstrikes sounds kinda cool, but its execution is mayorly flawed. You have to initiate a combination of arrow presses in form of an Quick Time Event. It greatly slows you down when use a new equipment don't know which combinations to press and when you learned and remembered them, it is just an annoyance. I thought the gaming industry realized 2010, that a large amount of QTE, are really bad.The DLCs also killed any reward that progression would have brought. It killed any long time fun for me. If you truly want to get DLC for Helldivers, wait until you reached a higher level, before you get any DLC.Multiplayer is also more of a hassle than help. The camera doesn't zoom out if players move into different directions making enemy’s outside your view even more of a problem. This also forces you to bunch up, but then you are more likely to cause friendly fire. You are also more likely to die to your friends than to enemies most of the time.Oh, and the game also needs precise D-Pad input. This makes playing it with a standard Xbox 360 controller, which most people i know have, really punishing and adds unneeded difficulty.The missions also get repetitive very quickly. After one or two hours, you've seen all variety the game has to offer. Most missions are just different kinds of walk from point A to point B, where you then have to do one of the arrow QTEs. The mission may be described differently, e.g. activating anti-air cannons, or blowing up alien nests, but completing them always needs a QTE at its core. Although there are three different enemy races, the game throws every different unit of the races at you at once, meaning after the first mission with every race, you have seen them all.TL;DR: Don't expect a great twin stick shooter from Helldivers, maybe you can get some fun out of it in local couch co-op . And don't get DLCs after you completely sure you like the game."
76561198048563745,Not Recommended,394510,19591291,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[Brogre] Kool-Aid,"WTF is with the controls for this PoS game? I play on a gamepad and the character wont sprint reload or do anything somtimes, the weapon raised slows your character down to a crawl that fozen molasas can keep up with and you cant lower your weapon manually??? You have to wait 10 to 15 seconds to lower you gun Bugged controles Plz fix Srsly."
76561198014496828,Not Recommended,394510,19659958,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,sgrey,"The combat is too much of a hybrid between an ARPG ""diablo"" style game and a RTS strategy game. As a consequence, I find the combat pacing too choppy and frantic. I really dislike how long and complex it is to interact with objects, summon turrets or supplies etc. You have to stop shooting and: 1) Hold a key while doing a complex sequence of WASD moves, which only equips a special grenade in your hand. Then you have to throw and place that grenade. Then you have to wait a while for the turret/supply, etc. to actually materialize. While all this is going on, enemies keep encroaching, and you can't keep them whittled down.Nope. Not my cup of tea. Hopefully this helps others understand what they're paying 20 bucks for."
76561197971747616,Not Recommended,394510,19650784,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Saldar Adpetus,"Randomly desactivate the keyboard, forcing me to hard reboot the computer, unplayable."
76561198141697425,Not Recommended,394510,19657562,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Fantomas,"This is a good game, however, the day one DLC includes the ONLY way (Humblebee UAV drone,) to detect samples, which are essential to upgrades. Thus, the day one game is gimped from the start."
76561198015882671,Not Recommended,394510,22155002,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Gunza,It looks like new flash browser game. Low grafics + annoyble similar type of gameplay. Fun for first hour. 20$ wasted
76561198003425277,Not Recommended,394510,22062339,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Attila[DK],Controls SUCK! You need a huge amount of combinations.. some equipment needsw 7-8 keyboard kombinations like WASADWSASD...in a specific order. Stupid ***f****
76561197992513801,Recommended,394510,19684972,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Grailer,"Best Tactical Stick Shooter I've played on PC .Almost completed hardest mission ,  entire squad got squashed by transport ship10/10 would get squashed again ."
76561197961482535,Not Recommended,394510,31780336,Posted: 15 May,all,JON,"Co-Op Buyers Beware!Bought to Play Couch Co-Op. HUGE LET DOWN!Second Player is an exact mirror of Player Ones Character, Perks, Leveling up, X...etc. Player two cannot select a different class. You don't get to level up your characters uniquely. For an example, one player cannot be sniper while the other player is a support character. Instead You'll have two supports or two sniper...which ever player one selects.Was super pumped to play this game. Went out to EB games to buy a second controller and everything.We put 15mins in to the game before figuring it out. Didnt want to waste anymore time, Requested a refund and uninstalled.dungeon defenders was able to figure out how to make it work and it came out such a long time ago. Devs cannot blame the Steam Platform."
,Not Recommended,394510,19565260,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Houston,Day one DLC envy. Good game but really dissapointed. I paid a decent amount for the game itself to find out that there are items I cant get without forking over more cash.
76561198027905280,Not Recommended,394510,25777892,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,A Bag of Ferrets,"Hostile and unpleasent playerbase, not friendly to newcomer.Gameplay fun, but would not reccomend playing with anyone but friends."
,Not Recommended,394510,27712111,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Harrison,Gameplay greatSound goodGraphics GreatCoop: PerfectCamera: ♥♥♥♥ing stupid lock 4 players inTotal :4/10I will give this game 10/10 if they fix this ♥♥♥♥ing locked camera
76561198006863147,Not Recommended,394510,19564609,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Punple,"Amazing, fun game that works great on mouse+keyboard. Nice graphics, good gameplay and some hearty laughs from the dialogue. Brilliant coop.That said I can't recommend the basic edition nor the moneygrab they're doing. If you buy the basic edition you're stuck without all the DLC that contains many extremely useful items. Unless you pay 40e for it when you could've gotten it for 10e if you's have known and bought the digital deluxe edition. It's a dirty trick and really low for the developers.The game's great, just get the Digital Deluxe Edition.Thumb down is for the price-content ratio of the base game and the moneygrab."
,Not Recommended,394510,19592956,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,FuzzyYeti,"I love the game I really really do, but the fact that I can play a 3-part mission on the hardest difficulty with a group online for over an hour, and have one person kick me right as we evac so I don't get any rewards is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Hours and hours of time wasted because the some people you play with are just going to kick you out at the end so you dont get any experience or rewards is a giant mark on a game so centered around playing with other people. Other than that a great game."
76561198080064877,Not Recommended,394510,19564235,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Abomination,My PC should run this game easily but for some reason it runs with 14 fps only? any1 had same issues? did u fix it? and how?Could directx be only out of date? i had to refund this game but i wont buy it before problem is solved.
76561197987096947,Not Recommended,394510,31284758,Posted: 21 April,all,Big_Wahoo,Should have realized it was designed for ps2. So does not play well with keybrd and mouse.   So i do not recommend it for that reason.
76561198066356786,Not Recommended,394510,30347762,Posted: 5 March,all,oi m8,"so boring, same thing over and over"
76561197969303538,Not Recommended,394510,28119235,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Count Crackula,Nvidia 980Ti and the game runs at 7 FPS. I have tried all current solutions and done of them work. I wouldnt spend money on a game that is unplayable.
76561198056393595,Not Recommended,394510,19585730,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Nightrunner,"I wish i could play this game but I cant. After about 5-10 minutes it causes a keyboard lockup/freeze, only fixable by rebooting my PC. It happens constantly.The game looks good, but sadly if I can't play it I can't recommend it! please fix this game-breaking bug urgently!!"
,Recommended,394510,19485868,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,The Drizzle,"Great game, lots to do, it's a thrilling experience. 10/10, would recommend."
76561198037550832,Not Recommended,394510,28855127,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,WEEB ELITE,"Good game mechanically, however very shallow and there is not much to do."
,Not Recommended,394510,33609457,Posted: 17 July,all,Melon,"Progression is slow, rewards are uninteresting (although this is subjective), levels are repetitive and empty and the missions are always the same. The controls are also clunky (You can't quickly turn around, you can't shoot while prone and you can't snap aim which is often the cause of friendly fire because you'll start shooting the enemy who is attacking your friend while your helldiver is still leisurely sweeping over said friend) in addition to forcing every player to see the same screen meaning that if you go down and your teammates run away you can't see yourself.When asked the developers say these design choices are made to make it more difficult. If this game becomes fun and engaging at some point then I didn't make it there, but I can't sleep at night because I keep wondering how this game got such high grades.It's not the worst game ever though. The humor is good, shooting up the enemies feels satisfying, I've had no connectivity issues at all and the airdrop system is genuinly fun.I wouldn't recommend it but if you're going to buy it, buy it while it's on sale. Honestly though, you should play alien swarm: reactive drop instead."
76561197993007589,Not Recommended,394510,30022344,Posted: 18 February,all,Kugorbok,"♥♥♥♥ING GARBAGE.  UI is in the top 3 worst I have ever played, display area tied to other players makes the game unplayable, and overall ""tutorial"" of the game might as well have shown ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,394510,30271056,Posted: 1 March,all,EariosRandomness,"I tried to play it, but it ran slowly despite my computer meeting all the requirements. Turns out it doesn't like any graphics card that isn't NVIDIA, which I can't currently afford."
76561198091249068,Not Recommended,394510,20669129,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Buddy Luh,This game is seriously flawed. My wife and I thought this would be Magicka with guns... boy were we ever wrong.Too difficult for the casual gamer. Not much fun at all. No personality. Better off looking elsewhere.
76561197983197016,Not Recommended,394510,19773134,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Kendall,"Terrible game, I had to click-through 5 or 6 different menus of maps just to get started playing on a map. Then after I got there it was completely empty (no enemies to be found). I got bored after 10 minutes of walking completely aroudn the entire map and gave up."
76561198137043999,Not Recommended,394510,19601859,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Infested,"Game looks great from videos. Unfortunatelly after i bought it i run into some major bugs.-Couldnt pick the ammo pack in tutorial so i coulnt complete it.-There was no one showing online for some reason so multiplayer didnt work.-Every time i tried to change video settings game crushed.Maybe there are solutions to the above problems but i didnt have time to try solving them due to steam policy that states: ""in order to be eligible for refund you must play less than 2 hours""."
,Not Recommended,394510,20364462,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,"Over priced.Edit:And, over-hyped."
76561198122271976,Not Recommended,394510,28171270,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BeowulfGaming,not what i expected
76561197963565444,Not Recommended,394510,31329597,Posted: 23 April,all,Dead-Wolf,"This game is fun... if you play with friends and have a controller.Specifically a xbox controller or other supported controller.The game says that it has ""full controller support"" but only if you use xbox or steam controller and if you don't use those... it won't work.The game gives clear advantages if you get dlc as some missions will be very difficult without them.And for those idiots that say just buy a xbox controller... buy one and send it to me then."
76561198248403940,Not Recommended,394510,24026954,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Crow,No.
,Recommended,394510,19482540,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Faceless King,I got fukked by more revive pods than women 10/10
,Not Recommended,394510,19575422,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,JRoy,"DLC Day 1... x2 the cost of the game... items in the DLC are required to finish some of the levels. That to me is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. At least allow the items to be gained in the game with effort. Snow boats, auto aiming rockets, Epic tank and anti tank mech... you wont get any of those without shelling out 40 bucks on top of the 20 you already paid for the game.Oh... Great game other then the DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.."
,Not Recommended,394510,33291782,Posted: 5 July,all,SWManiac,Game forces cumbersome systems on the player like playing a QTE to deploy one of 4 utilities you pick before the mission starts. Death happens frequently for poor reasons that frustrate the player. Heavy consequences for every action in the game. Not a fun coop experiance. Needlessly aggrivating gameplay.
76561198073406815,Not Recommended,394510,19706374,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Rockageddon,"TLDR; DLC is poison = 6/10The; 40k, Starship Troopers, Halo game, all the main franchises Missed out on making. Just as Magicka, Arrowhead Studios AGAIN, takes all the best elements of the genre and puts it into one glorious package.10/10-4 for Day One DLCFinal: 6/10It's a good game, and fun. Though Falls short of Valhalla, being looked down on by other immortal Steam titles with sadness in their eyes. Knowing what could of been but never was. What was so close to perfection but blasted to beautiful shattered bits as a baseball sized diamond dropped from a skyscraper. The on-lookers still seeing the beauty, of the many fragmented pieces. Knowing with enough time, and money (approximately $3 USD a piece) the shattered bits can be made whole again.But that beauty that once was, can never be refound. The experience cheapened by the necessity of capitalism to remake what was lost. The on-lookers slowly fading away with each piece coming together, seeing only the malignant qualities of each crude augmentation. Scratched and marred by the experience the Frankenstein, in some places kept together with electrical tape (Pointless DLC) and some spots reinforced with Steel (OP DLC=Tank) now walks the streets with the plebeian Steam games. Making friends with Payday 2, Street Fighter X Tekken, and even Evolve.Looking up at the halls of Valhalla, A shattered mess slapped together with financial aid, Helldivers mourns the loss of the days of old.Told of them by his father (Halo 1) and his father's father before him (Doom) who sit mighty in Valhalla. Days where a complete product was put forward for the people to enjoy. Days where a gamer by his mettle and steel could win the day! Days when some challenges were too great for the weak, and mighty warriors arose to meet the challenge (Gamers). Days where the casual was given his toys, but the games for gamers did not cater to the weak! Days where you could not simply pay your way to the top, your financial status meaning nothing to the challenges before you. A heart of steel and the courage to go on was all a gamer needed.*A single tear falls from Helldivers eye at this moment upon his reflection.*Evolve having no fathers dose not understand the sadness, thinking his small fetid cardboard box is how life was meant to be. Street Fighter X Tekken knows those eyes, and starts to break down into an uncontrollable sob. Pulling out from his Gi a locket, one side saying Capcom, the Other a picture of Megaman X.*quickly drawing his samurai sword Street Fighter X Tekken commits Harakiri on the spot**Helldivers quickly awakens from his thoughts rushing to the aid of his friend, Evolve slinks farther back into his box as partially congealing blood absorbs into a grounded flap of his make-shift home.*Helldivers holds his dying friend one last time and ask why, as uncontrolled tears run down his face.Street Fighter X Tekken just smiles back as his eyes go dark, blood frothing in his mouth as he tries to breath and speak. Through the foam he croaks his last words. Words that will echo eternally in Helldivers mind during his short life, and the mind's of his creators forever.""We are dead dreams."""
,Not Recommended,394510,30328792,Posted: 4 March,all,"';,';.',;;'.';,';.';,';.';Noodle","Way too repetitive. Each mission is just 2-3 objectives and evac and are very short. Enemies are boring and stale - either just homing missile types that walk straight at you while doing their walk animation or ones that stop moving and shoot once they reach a certain range from you. No variety, either just go there and press buttons to get the objective going and then wait, or just go there and wait and it completes. Instance based, nothing else to the game. And I only played 3 hours ggggfgfgfgg."
76561198006112532,Not Recommended,394510,30236291,Posted: 28 February,all,tyroneemail,Fun and satirically hillarious for about 20 minutes before it gets overly repetative and boring.
76561197966276994,Not Recommended,394510,19681938,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Scooty,"This game is an easy one to put back, honestly I have some buyers remorse.The AI has to break common rules to appear difficult and I wish the gameplay was more exact.-Bullet graphics pass through basic Illuminate detector unit. (bad hit detection for that unit)-Overclocked enemy movement for lateral blocking. you just cannot get around them they will cheat you to stay ahead no matter how fast you sprint-Instant ranged death attacks (after playing hours I realize it just isnt showing the charge up animation ocassionally but still, bang dead nothing you can do.)-Ignored reload if fire is held (probably a ""feature"") and pulling the trigger interupts reload instead of tacking on the empty clip penalty.*edit*-Enemy attacks go through the other enemies*edit*-No way to exit UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT defuse for bombs. (is instant death in single player. ie: nobody to shoot the 1-shot kill bot, cant exit defuse, get shot by one shot kill bot)-Snipers cannot snipe because the camera is teathered to the center of your squad. (even single player you get no Extra view range for having a scoped sniper.-Controls not fine enough on PC to justify the small place you have to stand to get the E message when mounting a vehicle, even one with a huge door.-Targeted by enemies Beyond Visual Range. (only assassinate targets in single, more enemies when camera is teathered to center of a 4-man team)-Exiting a vehicle with an undetectable amount of movement left in it KILLS the player. (appears stopped, isnt, dead nothing you can do)-Target of assassination mission not present on map until I left screen and came back later.For these reasons I cannot recommend this game.I have amnesea for the undesirable so I will go back only to see the same above list of things happen. I will add to the list even though apperantly my review is not helpful to anyone."
,Not Recommended,394510,23882340,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AHafIntrexMasterExpertNueyObject,Even With a little PLay Time The Game Is a little bit like dead ops arcade not worth the twenty dollars
76561198345201161,Not Recommended,394510,28657025,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sharkski,"Controls are god awful, unplayable."
,Not Recommended,394510,28205729,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,mastakeuF,"Probably one of the worst game control wise, with multiplayer allowing people to come in your game and insta killing you while you try to finish objectives."
76561198111017763,Not Recommended,394510,23531691,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dinnex,I did not like this game. You might though. However I thought it was fairly boring and lacked direction.
,Recommended,394510,25403383,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,Deep apologize for all the teammates I've killed
76561198043776141,Recommended,394510,28863558,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,FRAYDOME N LIVER TEA,Highly recommend to play with your friends.
,Not Recommended,394510,19739614,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mutant1988,"Great game, but bad keyboard and mouse controls.In short, there's no crosshair on screen until you press Mouse 2. And when you do, the crosshair appears in front of the character, in whichever direction you last travelled using the keyboard controls after which you can then move it around freely (As a cursor) to aim. When you let go of Mouse 2, which you need to do to move and turn at a normal pace, the crosshair disappears.This is nothing but awkward and unintuitive, especially compared to a contoller where you just tilt the right stick in the direction you want to aim.If you play with a controller, the game is great. If you don't, then I really can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,394510,24463075,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lucky,Step 1: Buy the game because a friend tells you it's pretty fun.Step 2: Tell your friend you like it just so you don't♥♥♥♥♥♥him off.Step 3: Realise you can't refund it anymore.Step 4: Accept defeat.11/1O would give into peer presure again
,Not Recommended,394510,25828655,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Spiffo,"I click ""Join Game"" and my entire internet shuts down and comes back once I'm back at the main menu."
76561197992270248,Not Recommended,394510,28989076,Posted: 3 January,all,Zuntullah,Pay2Win game. Snow maps are unplayable unless you buy the DLC item all terrain boots.Very unethical game design.
76561198078814079,Recommended,394510,23778955,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,20/20,dank
,Not Recommended,394510,31569803,Posted: 5 May,all,Fex,"Extremely boring, simple, grind based shooter that repeats same trick to the end, without being interesting. Lacks the hook. True disappointment."
,Not Recommended,394510,29414787,Posted: 21 January,all,Jesse,"The number of unskippable, boring, cutscenes is awful. Jesus."
,Not Recommended,394510,19551123,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Logstv,This game was great untill the Dlc was release untill then i would have said 10/10 but the Dlc has ruined the game competly for me and made it way to easyShame i spend 23 hours in the headstart or i would have got a dam refund this is not how you make dlc this is pay to win and what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t way to ruin one of the best games iv seen this year0/10 review Worse game of the year thanks to bad dlc Impilmentaion.
76561198097140269,Not Recommended,394510,31132545,Posted: 14 April,all,BRAAAAAP Stutututu,"Would rather give myself an actual concussion than play this broken, repetitive piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
76561197991874674,Not Recommended,394510,22771347,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Jamsolid,"It feels cheap, like a mobile port. This game also definitely wants your money, beyond the purchase $. Wish I had returned it.Played a few hours of it and felt like it was pretty repetitive in just that amount of time. If grinding is your thing you might be into it. I'm not one of those people who wants to pay to advance faster or ""grind to lvl 50 for it to get really good"".I didn't enjoy how the commands were mapped out, but it has a cool little skill deploy system where you have to hit a sequence of keys to activate your skills.I could see with a group of friends (and additional purchases) you might get a little more enjoyment from the game."
,Not Recommended,394510,31636289,Posted: 8 May,all,marjaal,"I Tried, but just can't like this game.  No auto reload...Bit clunky controls..."
,Not Recommended,394510,28703305,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Savage,"played phone games better than thisJuly 2017 - Tried it again, bland, aiming is terrible, right clicking to focus on target and your character simply does anything BUT aim, weapons have no flair, view area should be larger.. why play a game like this in birds eye view in 2017.. you can easily find better games in first person."
,Not Recommended,394510,26556988,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ProfessorRekyl,"Fun idea but for me it felt repetitative, to easy in the beginning."
76561198122720370,Not Recommended,394510,22620301,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,[N47] Nitron471,This game is not fun at all.This game is way too expensive.Controls are horrible.
76561198026704961,Not Recommended,394510,29412060,Posted: 21 January,all,pug_pug,THIS GAME IS CRAP. aVOID IT AT ALL COSTS.
76561197967889289,Not Recommended,394510,25462473,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,diablos1981,"I feel like i was ripped a new one buying the aweful game, how do I get a refund??"
,Not Recommended,394510,33546453,Posted: 14 July,all,SuperChicken,"I dont know how this game works but it seems like the game is already completed. Once I click the play button it runs me through a recap of events that happened? Pretty bad design, Why is there no single player campaign, or if there is one why is it not clearly marked?"
,Not Recommended,394510,23149561,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,Meh... fun to begin with but gets dull after a while. I do not recommend. 4/10.
,Not Recommended,394510,31442581,Posted: 29 April,all,iStrike,fun gameNOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!TRUST ME DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ONLY FUNWITH FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,394510,30323108,Posted: 4 March,all,Felix,"Top-down marine vs. enemy robots shooter game. Not a good game. Not incredibly terrible. However, that being said, not really worth fifteen bucks either. Dated graphics. Vaguely reminiscent of the novel ""Armor"" by John Steakley, which is a sci-fi classic. No doubt the next guy to download this game & pay money for it will uncover a real GEM that they will fix up and just turn into a masterpiece or whatever but I just can't be bothered to put that much effort into a bad game when I already have a good game that is similar to this title, but better - Vikings: Wolves of Midgard. That game is NOT a classic but it works & it's fairly fun & it is a somewhat good time. Unlike this pile!Feeling kinda gypped out of $15 here as I would have rather spent the money on another bag of really nice Starbucks coffee for that amount of money. A gay character who doesn't think about sex is a featured part of the gameplay (odd that they would specifically point that out, but, eh, what do I know - I would assume that they are trying to be more ""politically correct"")"
76561197961634838,Not Recommended,394510,34670639,Posted: 1 September,all,DreadPirateWes,"I played this game for 26 minutes and will not be playing it again. It's too slow for me, not fun."
,Not Recommended,394510,34226660,Posted: 13 August,all,The Kikelord,litty my dudetts
,Not Recommended,394510,32458013,Posted: 15 June,all,praise the sun,yes great game but 3.99 dlc for vehicles bought it and jumps out of motorcycle and dies. thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198268627717,Not Recommended,394510,32297229,Posted: 9 June,all,deyvson,"I got bored pretty fast, everything looked too simple."
76561197996293100,Not Recommended,394510,33016653,Posted: 29 June,all,Wolf,NEVER PLAY THIS GAME!
76561197972597311,Not Recommended,394510,30302552,Posted: 3 March,all,Baron Salt,"Sharing a screen means you have zero control of the movement. If one player moves wrong, the whole party is ♥♥♥♥ed. You got insane friendly fire that at first seems fun until you realize that you gona die from a single bullet from a friend. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,394510,29127267,Posted: 8 January,all,Pauly C in Mourning,Looks and plays like a dumb phone game.
,Not Recommended,394510,24638190,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Budgie,Manual reloads in 2016? Terrible steam controller profile by default. I don't recommend this.
,Not Recommended,394510,31795848,Posted: 16 May,all,Yiliant,". . . . . . . . .,`. . .`—–'... . . . . . . . . .,. . . . . .~ .`- .. . . . . . . . . ,'. . . . . . . .o. .o__. . . . . . . . _l. . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . _. '`~-.. . . . . . . . . .,'. . . . . . .,. .,.-~-.' -.,. . . ..'–~`. . . . . . /. ./. . . . .}. .` -..,/. . . . . /. ,'___. . :/. . . . . .. . . . /'`-.l. . . `'-..'........ . .. . . ;. . . . . . . . . . . . .)-.....l. .l. . . . .' —........-'. . . ,'. .',. . ,....... . . . . . . . . .,'. . . .' ,/. . . . `,. . . . . . . ,_'____. . .. . . . . .. . . .,.- '________|_'). . . ',. . . . . ',-~'`. (.)). . . . .l. . . . . ;. . . /__. . . . /. . . . . /__. . . . .). . . . '-.. . . . . . .)"
,Not Recommended,394510,28462988,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Herbalist,1
,Not Recommended,394510,19547522,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Jack of 25,"I just asked for refund. Reason? Well I love Magicka and I thought this is like magicka. Its not.Of course you have to cast combination of ""WASD"" keys but thats all. You have like 4-5 items to cast.But the game play..its like one mission over, over, over, over, over aaaand over again. Collect/turn on missions and nothing more. It have some kind of unlock system but you will get bored BEFORE you reach lvl 10 I think.Co-Op is good, players are smart and you will get kill by teammates sometimes but thats ok.That conquest space idea is good and I like it.But again its only one mission (collect/turn on) over and over again.Dont buy it at full price and wait for sale. 20EUR is realy toooo much.5/10"
,Not Recommended,394510,29556870,Posted: 28 January,all,badfrog,"Bought this specifically for TV couch co-op. Unskippable intro cutscene. Mouse-only main menu. Seems to have no controller support that I can figure out how to enable.Uninstalled. Will try to refund.@ForeverAPeon, Like I replied to someone else, these are XBOX 360 controllers, and they did not work in your game."
76561198119326376,Not Recommended,394510,29797544,Posted: 9 February,all,Dodger,Fun game but why the hell do you have to share one screen. Best to avoid this game.
,Not Recommended,394510,19531473,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NasiPuti,Given the fact that Alienswarm is a better executed Top Down Shooter that is 5 years older and free this game is not something I would recommend.Would have been happy if I got this on sale for US$ 6.99 but at its retail price I won't give it a thumbs up. The content is just endless repetition with a different color scheme for the map; noting else.
76561198039227604,Not Recommended,394510,19528917,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,empty,"Since they rely heavily on the community aspect, the actual gameplay seems stripped down to the very basics. There are many, far better twin-stick shooters in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,394510,30818461,Posted: 29 March,all,Maker,Forced to watch cinematics and credits. Nope.
76561197971037350,Not Recommended,394510,19528354,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,MeatHelmet,Every time I try to change graphics settings it crashes. There's no way to skip the stupid intro cutscene. I don't need to watch this every time I start the game; I've watched Starship Troopers several hundred times. I also don't understand why I have to play in a window. This is ridiculous. I haven't even been able to get into the game yet because the graphic settings and intro are an obstacle to enjoying it. Going to delete and get a refund. Perhaps these devs should take some cues from other companies and not do stupid things.
76561197968773932,Not Recommended,394510,19521709,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sabrehawk,I had to refund this game because the Publisher/DEveloper failed to implement proper Nvidia Optimus compatiblity.Black Screen when setting this to 1080p Fullscreen (after having to manually force the exe to use the Nvidia card)Same trash happened recently with Fallout 4 . PC gamers are 2nd rate customers these days and get shoddy ports.
,Not Recommended,394510,19486587,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,CdrGrimReaper,"Important Note: So everyone uderstands I knew of the friendly fire feature of this game before buying. I expected something different than what they had in the game. That is completely my fault for not doing enough research. In the end I do not recommend this game just because I find features of this game not to my liking and thats all.Wow this is either a game that isn’t for me or it has mechanics I just can't stand. Regardless it looks like a decent game and I have played as far as I can without risking going completely nuts.For one thing the controls feel like a brick, clunky and what seemed like responding several seconds or less later than when the button was pushed.I can't stand the sluggish animations of the character running, it makes me think the character is running in slow-motion on purpose. On top of that the running then sprinting, IMO, are the same thing but one is faster than the other.The gameplay mechanics I can understand most of it all. But the friendly fire from fellow Helldivers and your deployed turrets! Come on I can see if you had the ability to set a setting on the turret to fire-at-will maybe would be fine but to always have it fire at an enemy regardless if you are in the way or not makes no sense to me. Seriously we have IFF ability now why don’t they have that in the future! Don’t get me wrong the drop pods and shuttle landing and killing people I can understand alongside airstrikes and bomb explosions. I would love and greatly approve of the option to turn on or off the friendly fire from friendly deployed turrets and or other Helldivers.In the end I usually love this style of game, but in my opinion the animation issues and friendly fire issues make me want to stay as far away from this game as possible. So for now I am going to play another similar game and wait to see how this game progresses. I pray for it to do well even though I’m not really fond of it.I wish Arrowhead Game Studios good luck and I hope this game keeps doing well on all the systems its on.Note: I glanched at the settings so if I missed the option to disable friendly fire then its my fault, but I don't believe I have so until its an option im sticking with my other games, good luck Helldivers!Side note: non contructive comments will be removed and the poster will most likely be blocked if they continue to post non constructive comments!!"
76561198080732257,Not Recommended,394510,19488368,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,luiz_gita,"EDITED.I complained about multiplayer not there before, people raged,fanboys argued multiplayer works fantastically.Guess I shd give this game another chance.Logged back in on 7/4/2016.One game going on in lobby.Tries to connect.FAILED TO CONNECT TO SHIP.Alt + F4."
,Recommended,394510,30607300,Posted: 18 March,all,thebrucewayne_,Must have ! 10/10 ! It's amazing !
,Recommended,394510,19559174,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sexy T-Rex,This game guarantees a long lasting erection.
,Recommended,394510,19559741,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,native fugmerican,Like Magicka with guns and Skyrim with gameplay.
,Recommended,394510,19559784,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Babee Teeeth,"The first time I joined, I wanted to become a citizen!Then they revoked my citizenship cause I built a PC.And then, I heard they were allowing the oppurtunity to happen on PC!SERVICE GUARANTEES CITIZENSHIP"
,Recommended,394510,19559892,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,deanxvii,I really like this game. The teamwork involved and the whole community fighting against the common enemy is really cool. I'm having more fun with this game than other AAA games I bought.
76561198158931962,Recommended,394510,19558924,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Panzerkampfpangolin,About as good as sliced bread.Pretty good.
76561198074171051,Recommended,394510,19558597,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Semi-Trash,Do mission level 12Everyone keeps dyingDrop revived friends on other friendsdrop revived friends on other enemiesdrop pods oppickup ship comes indrop friends in to get them off the planetfriend killing simulator 2015logic/10
,Recommended,394510,19559106,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Gunjou,"I'm from Buenos Aires and I say, kill em all!"
76561198036724224,Recommended,394510,19559276,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ProTag,"Can you spread Democracy and Freedom across the galaxy?  Welcome to Helldivers!  A Twin Stick shooter that is great, and very addicting.  Everytime I play I keep thinking about Starship Troopers, which makes it even better in my mind."
76561197974818078,Recommended,394510,19506664,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Caiban,"Great coop fun.  Difficulty ramps up nicely and the machanics are spot on.  Easy enough to play, but plenty of room to master for higher difficulties.   It's quick and easy to drop in/out of games and the people I've run with have generally been a lot of fun."
,Recommended,394510,19502945,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Davvan,"The most fun you will have with friends and strangers alike, in brutal - oops I killed all my friends - action! Highly recommended!"
76561197970765411,Recommended,394510,19528307,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,road to 4k mmr,AMAZING GAME! Play with friends for max fun!!!!
,Recommended,394510,19528420,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,icequeen♥,"Great multiplayer game. Frustratingly fun.Even playing with 3 randoms, you can have a great time trying to juke through the entire mission on Difficulty 11 - Impossible. Not for the faint of heart."
76561197977866623,Recommended,394510,19527068,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Karnil Vark Khaitan,great game
76561197968592655,Recommended,394510,19548258,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Axotl,"Even better than the PS4 version.  Having a blast all over. Solid port. Immediately found a matchmade players, which shocked me."
,Recommended,394510,19548302,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Black Ronald,If you're looking for a game with more accidental friendly fire than magicka then get this into your face parts. Honestly some of the most fun I've had in a co-op game. You know a game is good when reinforcements drop poding down from the sky is scarier then the actual enemies. 9/11 would fire off all mech ammo before getting into the drop ship again.
,Recommended,394510,19548401,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,doctorb,"I think it deserves a ""review"".Pros-Great port-Nice community so far, everyone seems to want to help, my only bad experience was the first MP game I played and I got TKed on purpose everytime I came out of the pod so that wasn't great.-Controls work well and they have a really good way of activating power ups. It's essentialy a QTE to call down something like a gun or a mech to help you which really adds to the tension when you are getting overwhelmed especially.-Nice variety of enemies. So far it seems most people are fighting the Bugs so majority of the games I've played have been against them and they can be quiet tricky especially in the survival mode. They are essentially the bugs from Starship troopers so there's a lot and they rush you.-Cool customization/unlock/leveling system, you get a nice variety of guns, weapons, vehicles, support weapons and equipment from leveling and you can upgrade them and it generally does stuff, more than just upgrading stats is what I mean. Armour is okay so far.-Online, where this game shines. Kind of mandatory to play online since SP is quiet difficult. It's early in the games life so obviously there is a good number of people playing. I hope that doesn't drop off because then you'll need to rely on friends to play with. People also aren't terrible at the game. I haven't tried the hardest difficulties but I managed to beat a couple missions of 8's with randoms from matchmaking.-Little to no bugs. I have only experienced 1 crash of the 14hrs I've playedCons-Singleplayer, subjective I guess but singleplayer is much to difficult to enjoy. Too easy to get overwhelmed and swarmed.-Voice chat is defaulted to always on, so you have to change that.Clearly very little cons, most people like this game, I'm sure you will alsoAlso some other things that are ammusing/interesting and not really a pro or a con-Friendly fire, a really good addition to the game and makes it fantastic.-Drop pods, a very funny way to die. Got in a mech? Make sure you aren't under one or you get insta killed. Once myself and 2 others had just got to the end of the level and called in the drop ship. Just as it arrived a fourth player joined and landed on my two teammates in mech killing both of them. Only the 4th player and myself survived.But yes, buy it. It's very fun and more players in the community does not hurt this game whatsoever!"
,Recommended,394510,19548470,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Rick,Definitely worth the money!!!
76561198045198986,Recommended,394510,19547448,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,EGN_Dmaxss,Great for that friendship stress-test that you miss from playing 'Mario Party' back in the day
76561198048940608,Recommended,394510,19547482,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Danus Failus Maximus,Chaotic but fun.
76561198086505175,Recommended,394510,19547604,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"PRE-RELEASE REVIEWMy overall rating for HELLDIVERS(tm): 90/100HELLDIVERS is coming when everything else fails. You have to save Super Earth and defeat all enemies, who want to destroy the humanity. What you got? A bunch of machinery and weapons. What can kill you? Mostly anything, your friends in the first place!GAMEPLAY:+ Non-linear generated missions+ Controls+ Community+ Failing objectives is not fatalo Third person viewo Friendly fire- Sometimes explosions can flare the mapMissions are generated and progressive, player can choose from variety of set-ups and go for killing enemies. Community is mostly Chinese, but very friendly and can teach a lot. Another positive is, that failing at some mission objectives means not a definitive loss, player will be extracted and they might try better next time.Third person view might be sometmes disrupting, but it is all about player preferrences, it did not matter to me at all. Friendly fire here is for one hundred percent active, so be prepared, that during chaotic mission, your comrades might made your day. Also speaking of explosions. They are fine, weapons have their strength, but it can happen, that you see nothing at all.CHARACTERS+ Variety of weapons and machineryo Same classPlayers may choose weapons and armor as they wish, what matters most is the cooperation. Basicly, all soldiers are of same class, but huge variety of items makes this a fact, which you can get over very easily and with joy.VISUALS+ Explosions+ Graphics- Minor glitchesGraphics are stunning, developers set reasonable goals and fulfilled them. Explosions are awesome, they enhance the atmosphere of all game and make the player feel like to be in the middle of battle. I have experienced just a few minor glitches, what may happen even in the perfectly polished game.SOUNDTRACK+ Fits to the nature of missions and environmentsMusic is not a dominant element here, but it serves its purpose and changes according to the situation. Perfect soundtrack is nowadays a must, so we can say that this title succeeded also in this feature.SUMMARYHELLDIVERS(tm) is a co-op single and multiplayer game, where players must defend themselves against hordes of enemies, dressed into a glamorous graphic and playing performance. Player with preferrences for tower defenses, shooters and similar games will be satisfied. For those, who are interested in this genre, it might be a perfect first step.If you would like to enjoy all the power, then the Digital Deluxe Edition is for you. For all others, Vanguard Edition will spare money and gives a formidable amount of fun and gameplay."
76561197970466717,Recommended,394510,19501987,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Choggo,"Games a keeper, and for $20 the value is definitely there.   I've been excited for the game since it was first announced for the PS and man was I excited to see the announcement that it was coming to PC.The Pros:I'm still very new to the game, but I love the linear progression, higher levels just gives you access to more gear and customizations, so new players and vets can play together and still have fun.  The shared Galactic progress is a pretty cool idea, so even if you play solo every contributes to an online collective, which unlocks additional missions as you clear out sectors.Weapons and equipment all feel fun, the game doesn’t hold your hand so you have to manually reload, friendly fire is always on, and you can fall off ledges. (I totally learned that by...my friend falling off yeah!)  Since progress is linear, unlocks just give you side grades, mag increase, less recoil, faster tracking on turrets, etc.Missions so far it all feels fun, tasks have been varied so far so it’s not just “go here and kill that”.  Each of the different environments have their challenges which is fun, snow makes you move slower, lava planets have small chutes that can spit out lava.  It’s set up so each planet has 2-3 (so far) missions, the missions take 10-15 minutes each, and when you clear the planet you get a bonus reward.Cons:Shared Screen - This is rather popular with Coop Top down games like Gauntlet, and it’s nice for forcing players to work together, but I still have to put it in the con side as I find it more annoying than helpful.  Especially with pugs, I’ve had times where I was out of ammo and there is an ammo box just off screen that I can’t reach.Keyboard and Mouse controls - It works well for the way it’s designed, I just don’t like the design.  Essentially you move with the WSAD not with the mouse.  And your aim follows the way your character points, so it’s nearly impossible to hipfire.  To shoot you have to Right click so your character Aims down sights which gives you the mouse cursor and can aim where you want.  What’ worse is the cursor always appears a few feet in front of where the character is pointing, instead of where you left it so it can be very disorienting as my brain is telling me the cursor should be somewhere else.I’m starting to get the hang of it now after a few hours, but the I really wish the game followed the standard controls of mouse controlling aim, and W/S controlling moving forward and back and A/D controlling strafing."
76561198006715661,Recommended,394510,19497506,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cromium,"Without any BS, co-op game of the year, get 3 of your friends to work together, yes its repetatve, but thats the point, its short, fun and you can play it over and over again using different strats that are needed, if u like to play games with your friends you MUST buy this."
,Recommended,394510,19504793,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,GenericHenle,"Granted I've only played an hour of the Steam version. I've played over 20 hours in the Playstation 4 version. This is a great game if you're into twin stick shooters and Starship Troopers. It becomes an amazing game when you're playing with a group of friends though.A buttload of wepaons and stratagems keep the game fresh and allows you to come up with so many different types of strategies. Want to be completely defensive and rely on turrets, mines and airstrikes? You can do it. Want to be completely offensive and rely on mechs, heavy armor and heavy weaponry. Go for it. You can even loadout your character to be completely support driven. Healing your allies, providing ammo and weapon pickups. Half of the fun of this game is coming up with these strategies with your group. But implementing them can be a challenge.This game is very difficult. Everything can kill you very easily. All stratagem drops are able to squash you. Reviving enemies can squash you. New players joining the game can squash you. Even the dropship that is rescuing you can squash you. Allies and your own weapons hurt you. Meaning that if you walk into someones/somethings fire, you will be killed. You have to make sure to dive to the ground and crawl out of the way. You also have to manually reload your weapons and ammo is pretty sparce. So this is a game that should be taken pretty slowly. Which is kinda different than most twin stick shooters.You fight three different factions in the game. Bugs, Cyborgs and Illum. Each faction is completely different than the others and this provides a lot of playability to the game. Getting tired of fighting one faction? Well, switch it up and go fight some Cyborgs for a bit. Each planet has a few battles that you have to complete to liberate the planet. Each battle has randomized objectives like setting up air support, radio beacons or capturing points. Every planet conquered gives influence to a completely community driven War. The entire Helldivers community fights over different sectors of the Galaxy with ""Super Earth"" in the center. The goal of the community is to fight each faction back and destroy their homeworlds while also protecting Super Earth. The more difficult planets you take over, the more influence is added to the War effort. Random events also happen which can completely turn the tide of the war. The community doesn't always succeed.So get out there and defend Super Earth! Bring democracy to those disgusting aliens!Here's is some gameplay I did of the PC version to see how it looks/ran. If you're interested take a look.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmrgPfPybaM"
76561198050324090,Recommended,394510,19505038,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cotton,best buy for 2015 so far..
,Recommended,394510,19505167,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nikita,"Awesome , awesome, awesome game.  It is basically Starship Troopers the game. 4-player COOP is great you can even mix local COOP with online COOP. Super fun and replayable because of the procedural missions. Lots of unlocks and a nice challenge in multiplayer.It was great on Playstation and it is just wonderful on PC."
,Recommended,394510,19503494,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,WestDEng1991,"You should buy it. Really nice game. It has lots of fun, especially when you play with your friends."
76561197963280673,Recommended,394510,19553489,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Gridreaper,This game is good fun!
76561197970371516,Recommended,394510,19552722,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mavor,Hella fun! The gear diversity alone is just awesome =)
76561198019109823,Recommended,394510,19552871,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Heil Hank,"Super cool, super fun, Can be played with whatever controls you want super easily. The DLC isn't super necessary but is cool.Solid game.Super, super solid game."
76561198080263894,Recommended,394510,19554152,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Daborgon,epic game imo
76561197990164251,Recommended,394510,19554175,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,steelwraith,Usually I don't buy games till they've been out forever. And usually I sure don't review them. But this game has been a hells of a lot of fun and I'm glad that I bought it.
,Recommended,394510,19551941,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kend0,"This is like, the best. NO joke"
76561198045462837,Recommended,394510,19553095,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,dragonfist89,"Awesome teamplay game, a lot of shooting and cooperation! (Has hot seat in addition to online multiplayer!)"
,Recommended,394510,19551238,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Neko-Senpai~,Nothing more fun than getting shot in the back by your own allies and equipment
,Recommended,394510,19551356,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Big Sauce,Get tactical with your friends and scream or die like a coward. Good game.
,Recommended,394510,19551458,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Чокола,"This is the best tactical/co-op game I have played in years. It demands teamwork and communication at higher difficulties, while still providing a nice experience for single player at lower difficulties. The combat is punchy, movement has weight to it, and above all the gameplay requires some thinking. The friendly fire, shared camera, non-instantenous aiming, and other mechanics make it easy to screw up, which makes it that much more satisfying when your team overcomes all the odds. Extremely satisfying and very addicting. Pick it up!"
,Recommended,394510,19551803,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,L1kh3r,I really enjoy this game. I don't mind the keyboard and mouse controls. I feel they make it a bit more challenging which I enjoy. Great game.. Keep up the good work!
76561197996766578,Recommended,394510,19551804,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Rakilonn,"HELLDIVERS is an Ultra Action coop game with a Alien Swarm flavor, really fun and well done in a lot of ways.Gameplay :The gameplay is very well done. You have everything you expect from a game like this.For example, you can- sprint,- prone,- reload and waste munition in the magazine (a nice detail especially for this kind of game),- activate a radio and then you have to enter codes made with arrow keys to choose what support you need,- hacking where you also need to enter codes made with arrow keys.- use multi crew vehicule- and MOAR :)Unique features :The solo mode is very well done and the integration of the multiplayer is exeptionnal : no lag, huge hype due to the community effort (the effort of all players are sum up in Mission selection screen in the multiplayer).The coop is really fun and the community is nice so far :)About the mission selection, the menu is well done : Super Earth is attacked on 3 sides (by 3 factions) each side have several regions and the players must conquer them all before they can attack the homeword of the faction. Of course, each faction can attack on this map and even attack Super Earth.The radio system and the activation system (arrow codes) are nicelly done. Another detail that makes this game great.This is technically not a unique feature but this kind of gameplay is sadly rarely implemented in game like this one.Graphics :The graphics are very nice without being exeptionnal. Just what you need for this kind of game.Other points :There are a lot of items to unlock and the maps are varied."
76561197962822145,Recommended,394510,19622196,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,--=[VIX]=--,"Fun in a bun, So fun, Mike should get it."
,Recommended,394510,19636699,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ramsey,"I don't often review games, but this one is awesome. If you like top down action like Alien Swarm you will love this game. Lots of depth, VERY Challenging, intense and even funny."
76561198070070171,Recommended,394510,19633531,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FTWinning,"ABSOLUTELY THE BEST GAME OF 2015 ! ! !I'm so happy with this game. You don't need the Deluxe version, but I think that 20$, even 40$ is still a steal for this game."
,Recommended,394510,19633600,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Shadowz G Clayderman,"Aimed at an enemy, AH! great you just killed your own mate.10/10 totally gonna play it again!RECAP: It is a fun game, play it with your mates, shout at them, kill some more, don't get killed, a good bug is a dead bug.. LOL"
,Recommended,394510,19589271,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SavetheBacon123,Landed on my brother with a drop pod.10/10 would spread democracy again.Have a cup of Liberty!
76561198060235761,Recommended,394510,19590110,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,my777stars,"i have this game on the PS4, its exactly the same. an excellent console port that works great on the PC.no problems or glitches and a good amount of players online to play multiplayer with.if you like the movie starship troopers, than you will love this game.i hope they make more games like this!"
76561197963184735,Recommended,394510,19587895,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,munq,"Incredably fun, a lot of small things right combining into a very well done game.Nice to play alone and finding right kind of company is easy and way more fun to play.Difficulty is well done, easiet setting mean that you face next to nothing and the hardest ones are made to be HARD. They just shove everything at you and you need perfect gear and communication between 4 players to make it work. Very good for people looking for a challenge because I know I am one. For example you can load a missile launcher for your buddy so he doesn't need to stop shooting for a long time.Teamkilling is extremely easy to do so watching where you fire is important.All in all: Very fun to play, Depth of gameplay is great, NOT TOO EASY, Getting all gear takes time, Great for teamplay efforts."
76561197961658841,Recommended,394510,19588084,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TheNINO,"Best coop experience in the past many years.  Addicting, fun, and works great with keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,394510,19595624,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dayton,Magicka's hotter sister.
,Recommended,394510,19598285,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,nORjed,"Good, get it! Playing Helldivers with your friends is incredible and funny."
76561198047867466,Recommended,394510,19600269,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nevada,nice
,Recommended,394510,19602037,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[Mz] Canyew,"Welcome to Friendly Fire Simulator 2015. Your turrets are going to kill you, your resupply drop-ins will kill you. Your own weapons might kill you. Your friends might kill you, by either their gunfire, or their drop-ins.10/10. It's the top-down shooter WH40k/Starship Trooper spoof you never kew you wanted. Till you played it."
76561198014222191,Recommended,394510,19600508,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Cuintus,Really nice cooperative game. Allows a lot of variation on your preferred play stile thanks to it's wide variety of items.
,Recommended,394510,19600926,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,O'Rayan,"Incredible game, can't wait to get back to it!The gameplay is so refreshing!Co-op is at the core of the game and it's not just dumb shooting, you have to be tactical.The missions are varied and consist of securing areas, escorting, exploding nests, etc..The levels are procedurally generated.There are a lot of different ennemies.Real progression with a lot of different levels of challenge.Great arsenal and combinations of loadouts.The co-op is really what's fun, you join someone's game whenever you want or someone can join randomly.There's also a great story-telling throughout all parts of the game and a sense of collaborative accomplishement across everyone who's playing together to free the planets.Get it, it's too good to miss it!"
,Recommended,394510,19598879,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Ihmeepeli,"Delivered 2000 democracy per minute on filthy communist Cyborgs.Dropped 1,0 megaton of freedom on primitive bugs.Blasted 90mm liberty at Terrorist Aliens.Democracy is life itself"
76561198068376249,Recommended,394510,19601442,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,-W3E- Kzare,"I dove into hell on other planets got bent over.  I got reinforcements, too bad they landed on my head. My turrets tears about my fleshy enemies too bad it also occasionally tears me and my team apart.11/10 would helldive again."
76561197987335066,Recommended,394510,19601629,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,$m0k!n Bergil,"Buy it, play it and don't look back! There's probably a gribbly alien after you~Bit of something for strategy and top down shooter fans here with a bit of RPG light unlockable upgrade doodahs. Bayonets on guns for instance. More air strikes. Anti armor aistrstrikes. Airstrikes! NUKES! :DGreat fun in multiplayer with communicative players. However there seem to have been a few teething problems with connectivity but that seems to be fixed for the most part now.Good game."
76561198003222478,Recommended,394510,19603764,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Obi Juan Kenobi,"Magicka with guns, just a lot more polished.Also the devs responded to all the complains about the DLC:http://steamcommunity.com/app/394510/discussions/0/492379439691783555/Personaly i think this is worth more then even the 40$ DD edition but that's just me.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,394510,19555710,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mypoppy,"This game is awesome, buy it."
,Recommended,394510,19555986,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Podrock,Super fun Coop Game - isometric view. Feels like Diablo 3 with guns and strategy.
,Recommended,394510,19556065,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bishop869,Killed all of my friends with anti-tank mines.Coop Game of the Year
,Recommended,394510,19503039,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Comand94; Wort Destroyet,"It's okTENOUTTATEN!My aim with controller be like stormtroopers :( but it adds tension if u solo freaking EASY DIFFICULTY. Also, for some reason you can change ur controllas on gamepad by emulating to x360 controller, even tho the game never came out for Misasoft JarOne nor Jar360 (in game options!). If u liked Alien Swarm and wished it was longer then buy fekin' deluxx edshion. Cape-spinning FTW!"
76561197966826122,Recommended,394510,19511685,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,▒LennyWedges▒,my parents told me its freedom not worth dying forso i killed them with my freedom
,Recommended,394510,19511118,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,StormSpiritGB,Is this game fun yes. Yes it is alot of fun. worth buying sure maybe i dont know.Cons for me: aiming way its set up makes it near impossable to play the game toggling aim didnt help ethere just made it worse they need make hip fire better before this gets back to being fun i mean yea i was having fun but aiming ruined it for me but thats justs mefor one thing hip fire yea should be inaccuret but to to point that cant spin your guy around to shoot a target only way to hit any thing is to aim the gun making it impossable to multitaskPro: games is what you see death is funny.im sure this is a really fun game and i thought was fun just till i had my one problem which just ruined it for me but would still reccomended it to those thats dont have my problems
76561197995383383,Recommended,394510,19509750,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,pat,"Me and my buddy fighting for our lives versus the bug swarm, run out of bullets as more aliens charge through the bug bits of their fallen comrades, swap to our pistols unloading clip after clip point break style screaming, roomates think we are ♥♥♥♥♥, the bugs are slowly getting closer and closer, ""COVER ME"" proceed to call in heavy machine gun, friend spends the last of his ammo so we can get this last bastion of a boomstick. Gun comes down smooshes a clump of bugs, power dive for the gun. I am now Rambo incarnate but it's no use, the bugs are coming from all angles and with only 1 gun it's only a matter of time. Lay down as much fire as I can while friend calls in a respawn beacon. Bugs overtake us in a bloody mess right after friend calls in help. We respawn in some pods smashiing some bugs, I respawn ready to use the big stuff. Throw out a grenade, blow up me and my friend.It was a blast."
76561198001664600,Recommended,394510,19522929,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cpt.Awesome,Starship troopers feel is real Game is 10/10I LOVE IT BUY IT NOW
,Recommended,394510,19523520,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hobotorium,its fun as heck
,Recommended,394510,19523788,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,rxg | Annoying Dog,"DO YOU LIKE DEMOCRACY! HERES A GUN NAMED ""LIBERTY"" BE SURE TO PULL THE TRIGGER AND SPREAD IT ALL AROUND!Aside from the hilarious patriotism this game feels like a top down shooter done right. I didn't play the ps version but it will get more love from the pc community anyways. ;)Gameplay: At first it feels like a pseudo-stealth/ topdown shooter which then escilates into a struggle to survive against not only your enemies but you're...*squished by friendly drop pod* (IT WILL HAPPEN!) There is voice chat in game but please remember to turn it to push to talk when you first join. It's set to always on at first which is odd but considering it's a port, oh well. It's possible to win but finding friends to paly this with you will make the experience so much easier.Graphics: Not really a person who cares about graphics so much.Options: Some graphics options for you potato users.Feels like an 8 or 8.5.  Extra?: The events are community driven. small bugs here and there but not too noticeable. New charater lines would be welcomed because it gets boring fast. Intense action, hilarious mess ups, flood of enemies fromt time to time. Yeah, You are really diving...B) into hell..."
,Recommended,394510,19521650,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rice,I love how the pods sit on me <3 99/10 would let them sit on me again
,Recommended,394510,19530525,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Gilgamech,"This game is really fun! The KB/mouse controls take a bit of getting used to (it IS a twin-stick port, after all) but they work very well. This game has many fun elements combat and puzzle elements, and they combine to make fast-paced run-and-gun gameplay. The art style is lighthearted but doesn't detract from the gameplay."
,Recommended,394510,19530870,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,blackfeather73,"Came into this game thinking I was gonna play it for maybe 3 days and then drop it. After one night of playing, I can say for sure that this is a VERY FUN GAME. Pick this up, you won't regret it."
76561198049526330,Recommended,394510,19531121,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Renzokuken,Hilarious game. Worth buying  10/10
,Recommended,394510,19527976,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Doom721,"This game is so much fun, I didn't think much of it from the trailers and videos at first though.At its core, its a twin stick shooter and a great coop game - but the games go one of two ways. Either is a beautiful mix of tactics, strategy, and owning enemies in a hectic fashion with a quick escape or it is a series of unfortunate events.On day one with my guys we started to call in ammo, kill someone with the ammo drop, call in people to revive them, and kill someone who was alive and it just continued ON AND ON until I was the only one left. So of couse I drop in a jetpack I hadn't gotten to use all match and it lands on - go figure - myself.The laughing fit that ensued between everyone was one of the best. If you've played games that are funny like Duck Game, Speedrunners or Lethal League - its that kind of comedy gold if you are in voice with your friends.Performance is astoundingly good and I get well over 100fps in most scenarios, the game isn't the highest end in terms of graphical fidelity but it should run pretty good on most systems I suppose.The global war effort triggers double XP missions when you are pushing up or back on a front, and it adds a little flair to the entire map and also allows people to rotate their planets, which each ""section"" of planets you fight for are determined by the host of the game - and the game remembers your progress on partially complete planets even if the war front moves forward/back allowing you to complete a planet - which completing the missions on a planet gives usually a weapon, cooldown, or bonus XP.Its brilliantly well done, hilarious, challenging at the higher difficulties. Bring your friends, have a blast. Get this game!"
,Recommended,394510,19521660,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Alain Delon,"Megapack is out, yay."
,Recommended,394510,19537096,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rapapara,"I got crashed by a big bug, my teammate requested reinforcements, i crushed the big bug. 10/10"
76561198035683987,Recommended,394510,19587242,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Blerrger19,"Let me tell you about my first 20 minutes with this game. It was pretty boring. I was stuck searching for the last of three mines I was supposed to disarm, and couldn't find it. Decided to tool around with my equipment and set up a SOS beacon without really knowing what it was for (it increases your priority for online multiplayer). After a few more minutes of fruitless minesweeping I felt like giving up, but then someone joined my game and yes it matchmaking (with SOS) is THAT quick. What happened next bumped this to one of my absolute favorite games.There I am, absent-mindedly sweeping for mines by my lonesome when his hellpod drops right on top of me, crushing and killing me in a gruesome display of meaty chunks and blood. I LOL. He LOLs. Nice guy that he is of course he revives me. Now the way reviving is handled is you call for reinforcements which, you guessed it, come via hellpod. MY hellpod killed HIM this time. I LMAO. He LMAOs.A couple more dudes drop in and we have a full house, all kind of running around aimlessly for a bit cuz no one has any idea what I'm doing with that minesweeper. One dude figures it out and joins me, the other two sort of run around shouting using the D-pad emoticons telling us to MOVE! MOVE! Go go go! Other than that things aren't too frantic. Sometimes an few enemies show up but it doesn't interfere with our minesweeping. Eventually that gets done when a guy calls in a UAV drone to assist in locating the final mine. Then the real fun begins.What happens next is we move from objective to objective and unlike the boring minesweeping job we are now capturing marked locations on the map and nuking enemy bases. Things are pretty frantic as defending the capture points means fighting off enemies coming from all sides, meanwhile the whole team is calling in supplies like defensive turrets, giant armored robot suits, airstrikes, and more, and oh by the way EVERYTHING is delivered via drop in this game so hellpods are crashing down all around us CONSTANTLY sometimes right on top of an enemy. Destroying enemy bases follows the same insanity, with the addition that you arm a mini-nuke inside the enemy base and then RUN LIKE HELL before you get blown up with everything else.The next few missions with this team go pretty much like that. Franticly calling in supplies, shooting through hundreds of enemies just to clear the way ahead, and laughing at ridiculous teamkills. Did I mention this was on easy difficulty?"
76561197970995188,Recommended,394510,19582438,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MGeez,Spread Democracy to the heathens while having a nice cup of Libertea!!!
,Recommended,394510,19586074,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ethan,"So much fun playing with friends. Just like the other game ArrowHead made, Magicka, In this game you can easily be killed by teammates and that is actually a fact making the game fun. In game voice chat improves the experience when you are playing with people you never know. The only down side I see is camera lock. I'd like to have the camera centered at my character instead of trying to keep all characters in it."
,Recommended,394510,19586552,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Companion Cube,"A satirical background and wonderful homage to movies, games and books of popular science fiction is what makes HELLDIVERS awesome from the second you start.Helldivers is a no-holds-bar rollercoaster of ""accidental"" teamkilling, massive firefights and screaming at the top of your lungs as your group all dies right as the shuttle lands. The game is great fun, but can be somewhat frustrating.The DLC makes the game even better, so I would suggest getting the whole pack even if it is more expensive. You get great community driven weapons and stratagems (call-ins) to aid in your fight to liberate and spread democracy throught the galaxy.Teammates who are quick to place blame and get mad the second you do something wrong can make the game hard to enjoy, but joining a match is simple and easy and playing with friends is awesome too! Hook up your computer to a TV, grab some controllers and you can play 4 player on one system! I own the game on PS4 and am glad that is a function that made it over.If you like guns, cool explosions and jokes. Get it, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,394510,19750786,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,SeekoBlastar,"This game is great, no question about it. There is a range of difficulty which make jumping into the game really easy, but still gives you the option to jump into more challenging content at any time. The first time I played multiplayer, I knew I was going to love this game. It makes you think about positioning as a team, move together to capture/defend objectives, etc. Beyond that, there are a TON of upgrades/items that you can unlock and all of them add to the fun of the game. Everything from 4-person vehicles to mechs to special weapons, turrets, drones, airstrikes, jump packs, and the list goes on and on.The game is chaos, you WILL die (often), but it is a TON of fun!"
76561198126969804,Recommended,394510,19643493,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,✪ V.I.P,"A great game with an awesome port, 10\10"
,Recommended,394510,19643553,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Bigswords,Best ODST Halo game ever!!
,Recommended,394510,19650003,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Prince of Eros,"Calling this thing a ""twin-stick shooter"" is like calling Dark Souls / Bloodborne a ""Hack'n'slash"".The format maybe similiar but mother of the ♥♥♥♥ing gods, if you play it like you've played others in this genre, you're going to regret it real fast."
76561198082699617,Recommended,394510,19650587,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Justiceian,Friendly fire......lots of it.Supports drops can kill you......oh yeah you and your whole team.Limited ammo and supplies to fight untold numbers of foes......understatement of the year.Requires team effort and thinking to play well. . .duh.Would I trade my left nut and eye for this game. Hell yes. I will trade them twice.No match is the same twice. You have to think of a ballance when you deploy your support items must be able to deal with anything that could come your way. You cannot do it all so your team must help mainly be not killing each other with friendly fire. Great move devs. Love the friendly fire part of the game with the turrets and the mechs and the exploisions. BOOM says it all. Even the grindy part to unlock and upgrade your gear is lots of fun because it requires effort and its also a good team task so everyone gets the goods.
76561198035865217,Recommended,394510,19644289,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Wardiaper,"Great game.  Even the downvotes say it's a great game.  It is just ""the principle of the thing"" or some other ""righteous"" hipster gamer cause.  Buy it, love it, tell your friends, be a genuine gamer and not a poser.Disclaimer:  I bought 3 copies for family and friends the game is so good."
76561197963109722,Recommended,394510,19678216,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Calai,"100% voltado para cooperação entre o time, jogar sozinho é praticamente inviável. Ação frenética, com muita informação visual na tela entre tiros e explosões. Exelente som e trilha sonora que dão muita emoção ao jogo. A grande pegada de Helldivers está no sistema de fogo amigo (um tiro vindo do aliado doi tanto em você quanto no inimigo) e nas combinações do teclado, que são marcas registradas da Arrowhead Studios, também criadora de Magicka.O vasto leque de possibilidades de customização, e a evolução persistente de sua conta mantem as coisas interessantes. Uma grande diversidade de atributos, armas, equipamentos e tecnologias que vão se tornando disponiveis conforme seu progresso. As opções táticas são diversas e abrangentes.Não é um jogo leve. Nescessita sua total concentração durante suas breves partidas. É também bastante desafiador ao decorrer do avanço nos niveis de dificuldade. Dentro desta, achar uma partida com pessoas aleátorias e na dificuldade desejada se mostra rapido e facil. No entante, o jogo brilha em seu maior explendor, quando jogado entre amigos.Estou muito contente com o resultado final que é um jogo extremamente divertido e bem polido. Bem balanceado e com uma infinidade de opções taticas e estratégias a serem executadas pelo time. Quando a equipe está em sintonia e consegue completar a missao, a sençação é positivamente eufórica. Por fim quero ressaltar o que jogo foi devidamente optimizado de forma que é graficamente bonito sem grandes requerimentos do PC.Recomendadissimo!"
76561197996381287,Recommended,394510,19676591,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,superluminal,"This game is incredibly good, it's also a good thing you can teamkill BECAUSE ITS THE LEAST YOU CAN DO TO VENT THE RAGE OF DYING TO A TEAMMATE WHO ♥♥♥♥S WITH YOUR SHARED CAMERA.Seriously though, great game. but it really, REALLY needs individual cameras.Please."
76561197987179975,Recommended,394510,19673276,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Blackstrider,"only played a short amount of time but this game is FUN AS HELL!! Im glad to see more great titles like this on the PC. I played this on PS4 where it originally came out and had a blast. This version included all the DLC from the PS4 version with updated visuals and high resolutions. 1440p FTW lol. Im having a ball with this gaem and for those of you who have played Alien Swarm whixh is F2P on Steam should feel right at home with Helldivers as the gameplay is nearly identical save for the really neat call in supply mechanics where you have to input the ocrrect keys to get the drop. It may sound gimmicky on paper but in game its a really cool mechanic and lends to soem really tense moments where you under heavy duress and gotta kept your nerves about you to input the code while your buddies are dying all around you! And speaking of buddies, when you co-op pals die the only way to respawn is to call in reinforcments using the above methods which was awesome when you got your pals screaming at you when you're the last mand standing and its all on your shoulders to save the mission and get them called in before getting wiped out. This game is really intesne and overall just ablast to play. Hughly recommended if you enjoy soild co-op twin-stick shooters with some really decent leveling systems that dont feel grindy in the least."
76561197999861779,Recommended,394510,19673799,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Minderbinder,"To those who are pondering on whether or not to buy the game, let me ask you this before going any further: Have you watched Starship Troopers? If so, you'll find that this game has the same tongue-in-cheek comedy with an almost original Robocop-esque subtlety on overpatriotism and a government that has so many twists in it it can rival the #$%^ing Gordian Knot. However, we're not here to discuss social commentary, we're here for a random person's verdict on the game.Objectively, the game runs superbly. The movement controls have tight responses and it feels like you're moving with actual friction as opposed to gliding around, the weapons are diverse and are as difficult to master as they are fun to use on your adversaries as well as the odd unwitting ally (Did I mention there was friendly fire in this?). The strategems, little goodies dropped from high orbit, can either aid you with the contents of it or kill you via crushing you, and don't think the enemies won't be obliged to smear your entrails across the ground. You may be scared at first from what I've just told you, but don't worry! You are not alone, and other players can jump in anytime to help you out of your spot of bother. I might also want to add that you can communicate to your brothers and sisters in arms efficiently without using voice chat.In short, Helldivers is a hilarious, over-the-top Sci-Fi twinstick shooter that is the love-child of Starship Troopers and Arrowhead Studios, the makers of the Magicka franchise. It has transferred well on to the PC, and I am glad to say it does not disappoint in the slightest. So make the most important decision of your life - Join the Helldivers today!"
76561198066464095,Recommended,394510,19675872,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Grizz,This game is amazing
76561197998761714,Recommended,394510,19668296,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Anesthesia,"I've only played a few hours so far, but I really love the game so far!  Extremely fun and amusing.  The Digital Deluxe Edition is worth it in my opinion as it unlocks everything.  I will recommend this game to all my friends.  ^_^"
76561197970376037,Recommended,394510,19671891,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Eraser,"On of the best coop experiences of the year! I was really jealous of the PS4 version, but the PC version is that much better!A fantastic game! Worth every penny!"
76561198042453893,Recommended,394510,19671963,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,AVIDD,"This game is pretty damn good. Its very easy to become immersed, and take the game seriously, or just ♥♥♥♥ around and have a good time. fighting on higher difficulties is very very rewarding, personally, aside from completing the planets and getting new stuff. Its not a loot heavy game, and i do wish there was a bit more to earn, but it terms of gameplay. 10/10 IGN. its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. it just doesnt get old. the areas are randomized, and the booty is fresh."
76561198061398167,Recommended,394510,19672218,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Badass McFuckYourSelf,Friendlly Fire has never been more hilarious!
76561198021320508,Recommended,394510,19669569,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jellobelly,get ready to get killed by 3 random strangers on your own team accidently over and over again you friendless sob. or if you do have friends? get ready to get killed by your 3 friends on your own team accidently over and over again you sob. a good time.
76561197967333063,Recommended,394510,19669590,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Doug Dimmadome,Fantastic co-op!
,Recommended,394510,19670371,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,n3verendR,"At it's highest form, this game feels very much so like an MMORPG dungeon of sorts. Every mission is packed to the brim with seemingly dynamic objectives and plenty of chances to ""wipe"" your party. The entire purpose of the game is to have fun with friends (up to 4) and eventually get all the ""loot"" and beat all the bosses!This is a wonderful experience, the DLC is fun but ultimately non-impactful. The biggest issue I have is, that for a community effort which is 100% of what this game contains, there are very few victories. There are massive events that pop up for an alien home world to be attacked. I've yet to see a single one of these events register as a win. It's not hard, it's just a lot of effort that everyone HAS to put in to make it a win.It's incredibly satisfying to play a game with such an ad-hoc ""Drop in on your friends and leave whenever you want kind of experience."" I enjoy coming to the realization that the gear/abilities you brought to a mission are not what you needed. It eventually gets to a point where you have to have a plan/strategy to beat all the content this game has to offer. This in particular conflicts with the ""plug and play, just have fun!"" nature of the game as a whole.I think this was intended, you also see other advanced design choices such as all players sharing one screen which prevents your team mates from getting separated when this is clearly a co-op game. There is a surprisingly low amount of player killing here, I think largely because the game awards clean play. From a design perspective, this game is pretty perfect for how it plays vs what it tries to do.Riding around in co-op vehicles is SUPER fun. This is a must buy if you and some friends are looking for something to do as a team. Levels are important as they make the game more accessible, but are NOT required after a very early point. A glowing example of this, is how your starting weapon will only ever getting ""different"" variants of itself, and never ""better"" variants. You unlock most of your core ""Best"" equipment from only moderately difficult missions, and never the hardest ones.My biggest complaint about this game by far, is that it takes itself too seriously from a design perspective. Most of the mission unlocks would require an incredibly high amount of community coordination, to a point where your individual contributions feel almost pointless. It doesn't take away from things like boss battles and high end missions that feel super rewarding to finish. 9/10! Highly Recommend!"
,Recommended,394510,19644909,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Angus King,"Got crushed by my rescue dropship for democracy.Got crushed by my buddy's turret calldown for democracy.Got blown up by some Protoss looking scum for democracy.Blew that same Protoss looking commie scum with a mech turret for democracy.Crushed my buddy with a mobile mortar launcher for democracy.One of the character's lines is ""Would you like a cup of liber-tea?"" for democracy.Used a metal detector to find bombs for democracy.Ran over puny commie bugs in my tank for democracy.Nuked a bug nest for democracy.You should really buy this game; for democracy.GOD BLESS SUPER EARTH"
,Recommended,394510,19660195,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mombie SSJ,this is an awsome game renember co-op cause thats the most fun chilling whit ya mate and sudenly a big♥♥♥♥♥monster come´s out of no where XD
76561198062673716,Recommended,394510,19665995,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Pig,Super fun and the community is great!
,Recommended,394510,19664189,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,KidGalahad,"Incredibly tense and fun twin stick shooter. The challenge ramps up pretty hardcore and it takes some focus to beat.That being said, probably stick to premade teams. Some of the playerbase gets way too mad."
,Recommended,394510,19638670,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jukseri,Killing bugs is fun
,Recommended,394510,19638740,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Draconic,"If you're looking for some top-down action, this is the game for you. It's best played with other people, but if you have no friends like me, jumping into a match with random strangers works just as well. Even playing alone is still great. If you like Magicka, you'll probably like this too.10/10 would get crushed by a spawn pod again"
76561198104443839,Recommended,394510,19642693,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Froze™,"A ""must have"" game worthy of its price. :D"
,Recommended,394510,19642966,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,cuck fops,generic action movie: the gameits as good as it sounds
,Recommended,394510,19649123,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,faBer,♥♥♥♥ing Pods keep dropping down on your head.
76561198009896603,Recommended,394510,19649166,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,cozzybear,this game is fun good to kill time
76561197980298034,Recommended,394510,19645450,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Trubinator,This is a great game with tactical depth and loving references to films like Starship Troopers. Throw in some nice weapon and armor customization and you have yourself a fine game. I would recommend this to anyone who likes cooperative multiplayer games.
76561197993256044,Recommended,394510,19645864,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Milkman,"Helldivers is an incredibly fun dual stick shooter.  Play with friends, as the difficulty ramps up pretty fast and it's way more fun with other people anyway.  Everyone will laugh and have a great time as you murder countless numbers of enemies and  shoot, crush, incinerate, or otherwise kill one another in the process.  Bite-sized: the average game lasts between 8 and 15 minutes.  Easy to hop-in or hop-out.  Grab the version with the extra DLC packs: it's not pay-to-win, but you get a much wider range of weapon, strategem, and perk options to explore at the start which keeps it from getting monotonous if you don't like having only a few mixtures of kits.  Tons of unlocks in game though, so it's not strictly necessary.Tons of fun, tense fights once you get a few levels in.  Even with 4 players we are starting to hit some trouble in level 5 and 6 missions.  Oh...and there's boss fights.  100% worth your money."
76561197960933150,Recommended,394510,19648569,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,tompis,Great game!
,Recommended,394510,19662020,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,kursku,10/10 would kill my friend with a support turrent while surrounded by android dogs
76561198001115378,Recommended,394510,19658165,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jaxhammer,Badass hardcore co-op twin stick shooter.
,Recommended,394510,19661041,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Palpatwin,Best co-op game of the year !
76561198020017427,Recommended,394510,19661177,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Smooth516,"This game is pretty epic, you're gonna die, someone on your team is gonna kill you, and then Bugs will teabag your corpse. this game goes from easy to WTF real quick. On the plus side the community is pretty friendly. Haven't run into many folks that rage due to friendly fire."
76561197970379534,Recommended,394510,19661543,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Whoopie Monster,Great fun. Easy to pick up and put down. Enjoy the coop element.
76561198045144809,Recommended,394510,19652060,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TITSTORM,WH40k meets Starship Troopers - The Game>spread managed democracy throughout the galaxy>serve your enemies a nice cup of liber-TEA>greet them with freedom>wonder why all the aliens can't be as peace-oriented as humanity11/10 democracy truly is the way of life
,Recommended,394510,19654771,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Manhole Inspector,A fun game but your piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥friends will refund it and wait for sale what♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,394510,19706310,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jedger,"Edgar, Oscar, Eric, Lisan, Juan buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game you noobs"
76561198024986268,Recommended,394510,19706539,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,blue_wolf202,"Pros-Great Gun/Equipment balance-Fun theme (Starship Trooper-esque)-Good amount of content-Very good matchmaking system-Wide variety of enemies, environments, that all require different strategies to handle-The DLC adds a lot of gameplay value, and can be bought in one nice bundle, most of the items are very balanced with the base game, especially the weapons. Very little if any of the DLC is essential, many of the DLC just offers a different way to face certain enemies. For example the DLC give you an anti tank mech, but the base game already has anti tank rocket launchers and air strikes. The DLC gives you boots that help you move in bad weather maps, but the base game has a jet pack for getting around. The DLC gives your character more versatility and can add a lot of fun, but it is not essential. The only DLC that feels most necessary is the UAV, which helps find samples which help you level up you weapons and equipment. You can find these samples without the UAV though, and only 1 person on the team needs it to find samples, so if any other player has it, you dont need it. Also I believe this UAV came with the pre order, so a large portion of the community has it.ConsScreen is shared by all 4 players (Although this is a gameplay feature really and is meant to enforce teamwork, the screen movement mechanics aren't perfect, it is based on where everyone is plus where everyone is aiming, this can lead to other players pulling the screen from where you want to look, 95% of the time though this isnt an issue and its part of the challenge of team work)Overall: 9/10  Taste the freedom"
,Recommended,394510,19757661,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,♂Van♂Darkholme♂,"Can kill bugs, robots, and cyborgs, with a box from outer space.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,394510,19749917,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,KodeMan,Awesome co-op game
76561197996297444,Recommended,394510,19753382,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Peter Griffin,"Good game and worth the money, but it gets very repetetive after a while."
,Recommended,394510,19756264,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Filth3casual,"One of the few games in which reviving a teammate results in your own death 87.308% of the time.10/10 would up-down-right-left-up again.Basically Dark Souls, but your friends kill you instead of things that are supposed to kill you."
,Recommended,394510,19495873,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kiki162,"Holy smokes, this game is certainly something... So when I very first got this I was sorta dissapointed due to the lack of people I know also owning, I thought that I might not enjoy the game as much as a result, but my goodness, even this games singleplayer is awesomeIf you enjoy twinstick shooters then this is pretty much a must buy, its probably more intense with friends, mission scaling, chaos over the shared screen mechanic etc., but its incredibly fun solo as well.Honest 10/10, I haven't enjoyed a game as much as this in a long long time."
,Recommended,394510,19749396,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Urmanin,Remove xenos! Democracy now!
,Recommended,394510,19767554,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"So, this game caught my eye since the day it appeared on steam and I have purchased after couple of weeks or so.The idea is: In a far-far murica's future, the earthlings has united under the banner of liberty and democracy. The goverment declared that 3 alien races are in possesion of weapons of global destruction... And oil. So, it's your duty, as citizen of super-earth to protect the interests of super-earth and bring democracy to all the dark corners of the universe.And it's a pretty good game, guys. If you are into games like ""Crimsonland"", ""Alien Swarm"" and ""Magicka"", you should try this one. Let me get a bit into details... You will represent a military outfit known by the name of ""Helldivers"". Pretty much, you are a space marine, equipped with one primary and one optional weapons. And also, an obligatory secondary standart issue pistol. You choose your battles, your gear, your tactical support (Called: Strategems and limited by 4), your entrance point and you will be thrown deep into the enemy territory to complete certain objectives. After you are done, go to the extraction point and wait for a shuttle to pick you up.Game could be played as local coop with your friend. There is a joystick support, so up to 4 guys could be playing in 1 PC. Or... Play with your friends in steam, or just help or request help from random strangers.Another interesting aspect is the relay on the community. The game have stats for pretty much everything. How many bullets were spent, how many players died during their missions, etc. Also, the effort of all the players who are playing the game counts towards progression of the war. It's even possible to get to the enemy's homeworld planet and conquest them once and for all. I am not quite sure what will happens in that case, since it's daaamn hard to get to this point, but maybe we'll see it one day.The game was made by Arrowhead (Guys behind ""Magicka"" game, so expect some jokes and team-killing) and Sony (So, the quality of the game is as always, superb). And what did I miss to cover at this point of the review? Hm... I dunno. Conserve your ammo? Make your shots count, as there are plenty of enemies and very few of helldivers. Yeah... That's what I wanted to say... I guess. I dunno, I think I am rambling at this point, so I'll just leave it as it is.Tl/DR: It's a good game and if you are looking for a fun game to play with a friend, you should try it.9/10."
,Recommended,394510,19770542,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Creatz,"One of the best games of the year, would recommend for people who has friends buying it or playing it"
76561198072367534,Recommended,394510,19776879,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,[82DK]GeneralSaltine,"""So much death...."""
76561198045752399,Recommended,394510,19772551,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,"Krog, Almighty Toad",Yes!!!!
,Recommended,394510,19772754,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TimmyTurner,Best coop twin-stick shooter that lets you drop in and kill your friends all while shooting bad guys and losing wars. FOR DEMOCRACY
76561197960400150,Recommended,394510,19771768,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Boshibo^,"A satisfactory game that is far too easy at the lower end of the game and thoroughly challenging at the higher end. Getting a good squad together to seriously tackle levels can be tough, but randoming and having a good old laugh as you accidentaly spawn in ontop of someone then when you summon them and they spawn in ontop of you can brighten the mood. It is a good game for a turn."
76561198158488402,Recommended,394510,30654430,Posted: 21 March,all,Thanatos Morti,hard but fun (you are going to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on all difficulties if you are new dont even try to look good we dont judge when you run(we do(a lot)))
76561198034605837,Recommended,394510,19720704,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[TV] Sui,This is what happens with America takes over the world.  Cape Physics/10 Would spin again.
,Recommended,394510,19698071,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SuchABadPanda,most of your deaths will be by teammatesfun times
76561198007610552,Recommended,394510,19696423,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Matiati,"I believe this is one of the best coop games in the market at the moment.Easy to get into action. Well balanced. Fun to play.The game is mostly criticized due to its DLC practices. But it is not a P2Win game. Each DLC gives around 1 new weapon, 1 perk or spawnable skill (strata gem) and 1 set of new uniform (which is just aesthethical).The skills, weapons and the perks in the DLCs are well balanced. They are not op in anyway. That is you trade off something for what you gain by using these perks or weapons. If you wish you can do perfectly fine without paying a single penny to the DLCs."
,Recommended,394510,19710284,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Age,"On the first mission me and a friend completed, a player chose to join our game just as I was entering the dropship. He landed on top of me. 10/10"
76561198021386976,Recommended,394510,19726771,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Erethren,"deployed mid match onto an APC/tank full of squadmates... proceeded to run for the hills in mad panic from the horde they were trying to hold off.we still won the day for democracy :)Just a freakin good time, addictive and light-hearted (the facist background for humanity, is freaking hilarious) but balanced by thoughtful tactical play.10/10would land on allies again."
76561198062009705,Recommended,394510,19727179,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,HybridGear29,"i would definetly recomend this game, as it has an addictive multiplayer either with friends or random players. The single player is also fun and you can lose hours to the various maps and terrains."
,Recommended,394510,19554907,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Chaogeo,"Not a spiritual successor to Magicka, but it's own brand of awesomeness!"
76561197970423141,Recommended,394510,19586740,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,UFO,"A Konami Code emulator minigame AND the opportunity to spread democratic ideals (i.e, ridiculous amounts of ordnance) across the galaxy. What's not to like?!"
76561197985778488,Recommended,394510,30645290,Posted: 20 March,all,Edamame ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Before I begin, I'd like to say that though I have given this game a positive review, my personal rating for this game would be about a 6.5/10. I will go through the pros and cons as to why I feel that way about this game below:Pros- Games are pretty quick as planets take around 5-10 minutes to clear (more if soloing harder planets but still pretty quick as they clock around 15-30 minutes)- Plenty challenging even as a team because of the co-op mechanics and accidental deaths, with ramping difficulty so even new players can enjoy the game- Wide range of things to unlock and a plethora of upgrades- Ability to play solo or co-op with up to 4 people- Randomly generated planets ensures no planet mission is ever the same- Magicka-like keyboard pattern generated skills (called strategems in Helldivers)- Drop-in drop-out lets you join other players mid mission to help out and you can also leave anytime if you have to goCons- A lot of the good weapons/strategems are only obtainable by buying the DLCs, and they make a decent amount of the missions types much much more easier to complete- Upgrading stuff requires ""research points"", which you only get one of each time you level up or after you collect 10 ""samples"" from planets -- these samples are COMPLETELY easier to obtain when you have a certain DLC to detect them on planets- No campaign and is purely mission based- Mission objectives are recycled and after playing for a while they become stale, as they're just always the same missions repeated- No customization of your character and the cosmetic items are mostly unnoticeable- Enemies are divided into 3 regions, and once a region is complete you cannot fight those kind of enemies again till the other regions are complete and the whole community warfront is reset- Even if you play offline, if the region is locked, you cannot play on that region unless you go online when the warfront resetsIn summary, Helldivers is definitely more fun when you play with at least one other friend, as the game promotes co-op play and the harder planets (which give better rewards) almost always requires co-op. Yes, you can play solo, but the game requires you to put a massive amount of work into it before being able to solo. This is made easier if you have the DLCs, as a few of them provide perks that make soloing much easier. That is not to say that the DLCs are required, as you can still have fun and play without them. But even for the co-op experience, having some of the DLC loot helps a lot for many situations. With that said, because the game is so bare in terms of map environments and mission types, I'd be hard-pressed to say I recommend this game to everyone. If you're looking for a co-op top down shooter and don't mind grinding repeated missions and etc. then pick up this game. If not then I'd avoid it because the amount of money you pay (in my opinion) doesn't warrant the amount of game content. If you're on the fence like I was, just wait till it goes on sale and then pick it up and try it. If you don't like it, you can always refund it."
76561198002009022,Recommended,394510,30467701,Posted: 12 March,all,ZarquonReturns,"Ooh rah with a side of colonialism. <sarcasm> Pacifying hostile aliens, with their strange ideas and wrong way of life, has rarely been this fulfilling. </sarcasm>But seriously, this is a great little co-op shooter. The 4-person ""transport"" (tank) and some mech upgrades are pretty key for the higher difficulty worlds, but a ninja player with top movement and shooting skills (and an anti-tank weapon) can go far even on foot.As others have said, HELLDIVERS is the Starship Troopers game you didn't know you wanted. Good to pick up and play, solo or with multiplayer randos, anytime."
,Recommended,394510,30538365,Posted: 16 March,all,Inquisitor,A beautiful mixture of Starship Troopers and ODST. Rain down democracy onto your foes in the name of Super Earth.
76561198114164969,Recommended,394510,30533599,Posted: 15 March,all,Pause,good game
76561198061027030,Recommended,394510,30585838,Posted: 18 March,all,Uber Thumbs,"Nice visual customization, a huge amount of unlockable weapons and gadgets that lead to very varied loadouts, insane action, and even a little stealth element to boot. Join up and become a disposable soldier so deep in the♥♥♥♥♥♥your head will spin. Throw your life away for democracy!"
76561198032481368,Recommended,394510,19754091,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,#DavidTomneyUK,"At first I was not sure about this game, but after some experimentation I realised what was required of me to complete the missions.This game reminds me of a certain movie Starship Troopers, Helldivers seems to be an updated version of Spawn only this game is much better and the later missions are very challenging.I really like this game and hope others do as well - 9/10."
,Recommended,394510,19537553,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Chillrox,"As a long fan of Alien Swarm, I give a lot of thanks to Arrowhead to make a really amazing game that I can enjoy with my friends. I can see that I will spend a lot of hours in this game, let's have a good community!"
,Recommended,394510,19556735,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Over 9000,"Awesome netcode, no lag, played for many hours and maybe only 1 or 2 disconnects probably due to the person hosting the game. When it did disconnect game didn't freeze forever it just put me right back at title screen and I almost immediately got into another game. Easy to find MP games.Great little tactical game. I love the variety of weapons.I once accidentaly nuked my whole team. Response? It happens."
,Recommended,394510,19557016,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,UnexplainedGravy,"Absolutely fantastic game. I love it.Graphics are greatGameplay is great, very fun.lots to do, lots of weapons and cool costume type gearweapons have upgrades.You have abilities you can use, such as calling in airstrikes, calling down vehicles for you to use, etc.such a great game."
,Recommended,394510,19557064,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Flowwwin♥,This game is a surprise for all the Starship Troopers fans 11/10
,Recommended,394510,19559318,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[undefined],Killed by friendly-fire / 10Much hard
76561198003679529,Recommended,394510,19559406,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ringo Butternuts,Excellent game.
76561198009006454,Recommended,394510,19557905,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,5p00k13,Pros- Incredibly fun twin stick shooterConsEnough day one dlc to rival some f2p games. All of the dlc packs include more that just cosmetics too :(
76561197972398393,Recommended,394510,19558093,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Crispy_T,"Better with more people, this is a cool dual stick shooter that can also be played with mouse and keyboard. Like with Magicka, watch your lines of fire!"
,Recommended,394510,19558382,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Siniru,"Great TV game.DLC increases player power, but you don't need it, especially if you're not playing with randoms. I'd say get the DLC if it goes on sale.The base game is really fun and well worth the cost. Get some friends together and play it!"
,Recommended,394510,19557190,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Silent,"Starship troopers meets halo spartan assault. I love this game for free to co-op and difficulty. Great to play with friends online or locally. Give it a go, you won't regret it. Now for a nice cup of liber-tea"
,Recommended,394510,19557213,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Chef,Best Gundam Game so far.
76561198054725057,Recommended,394510,19557350,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,AtomicRichy,"First multiplayer game I joined, I killed my team with an airstrike i didnt even know i called in, 30 seconds before evac. Thumbs up to being ""that guy"""
,Recommended,394510,19546172,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Arrakisdef,"This is an amazing game.  Overhead shooter, with friendly fire.   Quick paced, decent amount of weapons and specials, all of these are upgradeable, random level generation, and more then just that.The gameplay is like Alien Swarm. Or the 'The Red Solstace' or the old warcraft custom game SWAT, but not as complicated and overbearing.  Anyone who liked those games, will probably enjoy this game."
76561198051064099,Recommended,394510,19546305,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Discarius,"Nothing beats the feeling of being crushed by your own reinforcement pod.... repeatedly....99/pod, for FREEDOM...!!!"
76561198012149432,Recommended,394510,19545141,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Trenchfoot,My review of Helldivers:https://www.the-newshub.com/gaming/game-review-helldivers
,Recommended,394510,19545156,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,King Cuck,"Brilliant. A few things though.This game is the first multiplayer game to give me a laugh multiple times in one playthrough. I fell off a cliff and when I respawned, I crushed the guy that was mocking me. It's karma at it's bruteful best.The game gets repetitive, fast. Although maps are procedurally generated, there isn't much variety in objectives and it feels the same. That's the only negative in my opinion.A feature I would request is the ability to see what percentage I have influences, as well as the bar that appears. No matter what planet I complete, it feels like I'm achieving nothing, the bar doesn't move! I'd feel happy just seeing 0.03% because then at least it's visually something. Just some feedback.However, it's a solid game, I've got the deluxe edition and I look forward to playing it lots more."
,Recommended,394510,19545175,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,chzbrgla,"Great humor, great graphics - hectic and fun co-op shooter!"
76561198009065350,Recommended,394510,19545613,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MSworldwide,"Bug crushing, cyborg crunching, protoss♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥goodness."
76561197994492536,Recommended,394510,19545626,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Yoshez,FOR DEMOCRACY. There's not much to say about the game at this point since it's already been out for PS3 and PS4 ages.The port is good and the m+kb controls aren't bad even tho the game was originally designed for controllers.
,Recommended,394510,19544930,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dobs,"Do not ask yourself what DEMOCRACY can do for you. Ask yourself what you can do for DEMOCRACY.Great Top down shooter with tons of unlocks, heavy focus on Teamplay and some of the greatest sound/visual design in the Genre.The game basically gives you randomized maps with all kinds of objectives you need to complete. There are 12 difficulty settings, where up to around difficulty 7 you can still accomplish them solo (which is good for most basic unlocks).Features include:Drilling for Oil on foreign soil.Spreading Freedom one bullet at a time.Getting killed by your own stupidity or allies (and occasionally an enemy).Fabulous capes that flutter in the wind when spinning."
,Recommended,394510,19543729,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sauko,This game rocks
,Recommended,394510,19544275,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Golemn,A fun 4 player game
76561197969452246,Recommended,394510,19543176,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,r4mb0,"I did not expect this game to be this much fun. The multiplayer system is really well thought out, and it just works. The game mechanics are fluid with just the right amount of complexity. Fairly easy to pickup, but with enough options to be fun.This game is a gem."
,Recommended,394510,19543286,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,xylr,"I've heard a lot about this game, unfortunately I haven't had a way to play it until now. It's damn good!!! Mech suits is what sold me, killing my buddies is what kept me playing."
,Recommended,394510,19543381,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Esh Papi,"Absolutley glorious action, it starts off a little slower so you can learn the ropes then ramps up the action completley and you're fighting for your life counting the seconds until the drop-ship arrives.- ""Get to the choppa"" is said a lot.- The levelling and progression keeps you entertained.- Drop-in, drop-out co-op is implemented very well, someone joins the game and immediatley drops into a♥♥♥♥♥♥fight.- The global map, everyone is contributing to a common cause is a great idea.- The bullets spewing out, the airdrops raining down and the mechs stomping around make just about every encounter intense with lots of pretty lights.IGN 10/10 would recommend again!"
76561198061276166,Recommended,394510,19543405,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,AtLeastItsNotSnowing,yes ... just yes
,Recommended,394510,19543428,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,tyl.R,Wonderful top down twin stick shooters.  Works just fine with mouse and keyboard.  Easy to jump into a game with randoms and have a good time.  The unlocks and the galaxy campaign give this game some great replay value.  So far I have really enjoyed the game.
76561198006915371,Recommended,394510,19543471,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,General Admiral Aladeen,"Full combat clothing including batman cape...£568. Fully automatic, laser sighted machine gun...£2734. ""Accidently"" calling in a minigun turret that drops on friend 'A's head, and then procedes to mow down remaining friends 'B' and 'C' before, of course, mowing yourself down....F*KIN' PRICELESS !"
,Recommended,394510,19557463,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,xundeadblaze,love this game
,Recommended,394510,19526283,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Shergar,"""....Enlistment guarantees citizenship!""""Would you like to know more?"""
,Recommended,394510,19525721,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,-FYC- God Emperor,This game delivers on fun gameplay that makes you want to come back and drop a hellpod onto your friends again and again! 10/10 would kill bugs with freedom!
,Recommended,394510,19526143,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,AGM,"Spreading Democracy, one bullet at a time."
,Recommended,394510,19526203,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TereFere,Cool game! Value for money.
76561198183290341,Recommended,394510,19524997,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Thain,extremely fun top down shooter nice and difficult with a great amount of gear and friendly community like the starship troopers game u never had with robots
76561197972300715,Recommended,394510,19555373,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Novas,Great game.
,Recommended,394510,19555386,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[OcUK] Reppyboyo,"Absolutely great fun, hilarious friendly fire moments and hectic balls to the wall gameplay.Been waiting for this since it was released for the PS4 in march, it was worth the wait!"
76561198044706703,Recommended,394510,19555592,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,JägerBombastic,"Have you ever wanted a top down shooter that mixed the conepts of Halo ODST, Starcraft, Quake, Starship troopers, and patriotic space Americans? Then HELLDIVERS is the game for you! Seriosusly though, HELLDIVERS is a simple, yet entertaining product that can present a real challange and rewards cooperative play. Online is easy and friendly. You can jump right into it,and its pretty friendly to newcomers. Just be prepared for many spontaneous deaths by hellpods."
76561198028661502,Recommended,394510,19534896,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,szpada87,"This is an early access review (I was playing 3 days before official release)Very good game! It presents a lot of Magica style game mechanics with fresh breeze of starship troopers/warhammer/halo/destiny lore. Intense mission and situations will test your skills and ability to remain calm under pressure. Very good coop. Game runs well (full hd with disabled vsync and filters) on an older machine (gf 9800 gt c2d 3.33 GHz, 4GB Ram). Well implemented net code.Pros:-well optimized-great for coop (also there is a good community)-has local coop-got those Magica feels-random missions and world events will never get old-good net code (no LAG, no waiting in the lobby, rare connection drops)-little to no bugsCons:-I think that they should increase deadzone for the right analog stick a little bit-From time to time I was playing with inexperienced players who don't know how to play (there should be a lvl requrement to play higher difficulty missions)I recommend it with all my heart."
76561197997647168,Recommended,394510,19534975,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cool)Slowbro,"SPREAD FREEDOM AND DEMOCRACY TO THE UNGRATEFUL RACES OF THE GALAXY11/10, WOULD LIBERATE UNIVERSE AGAIN"
76561198106460742,Recommended,394510,19536382,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ZincGoblin,"I get to shoot Illuminati aliens with a shotgun in space, while screaming classical Americanized warcries such as;""EAT IT. IT'S FREEE!""""GIVING IT ALL AWAY, FOR FREEEE""""LOVE THE TASTE OF FREEDOM""""CHOKE ON FREEDOM""""DEMOCRACY, LIBERTY PRIME STYLE!""and my favorite;""Shooting an AK47 in the air while balls deep in a war hog. My kind of past time!""What is NOT to like about this game? Shooting your teammates? That's a plus, you commie.So get the game or be a Red Terror Illuminati alien.Oh right, there's like some bugs and ISIS with robo parts or something, but it's Illuminati I'm worried about."
,Recommended,394510,19536743,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Potocobe,"This has been a ton of fun over the last couple of days. Purchased on the pre-release weekend and then played for hours. It's funny and brutal and hard. Watching the shuttle coming down as the last guy left tries to call you back to the field only to have the shuttle land on them before they finish is the funniest thing ever. Of course we lost but what a loss!There is so much detail packed into the graphics. From the shadows and lighting (which I think are very well done) to being able to count the number of missles left in a support pack or your walker mech. The details are just everywhere and I think they help make the game just that much better. You can see what's going on. You know when you make a mistake and just how close a thing it was.Everything can kill you, especially your teammates. The gameplay is brutal but fair. The game is about achieving objectives, not killing enemies. The rewards are quick to come in the early levels but you absolutely have to work for it in harder levels. Voice over comms tend to work good and the chat does well by color coding the messages according to who is in which position.There have been a couple minor bugs, once I couldn't get back in a walker I had exited to help a comrade. Once it was only an audio glitch that kept occuring till the end of the match. Neither has happened more than once. This game has been running like a champ. I have nothing to say about it being a PS4 port. You can only barely feel the controller based UI. Mouse and keyboard controls work great. And while I have a controller I prefer the M+KB. Bonus points for anyone being able to grab that controller and join me playing right there in the room. It's like an arcade game that anyone can just join in on.This has been so much fun for me. Helldivers scratches those itches that FPS wargames never do. I always prefer coop over pvp and Helldivers is coop at its best. 10/10"
76561198027793907,Recommended,394510,19556150,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mysto,"Possibly the funnest tutorial I have played.It's the best for the genre it is. Pure quality.Great for breaks from PvP and meeting allies.I personally got the Deluxe, However without the DLC there is PLENTY of content. I hope there Is a level Editor at some point. It would make this Limitless."
76561197974435232,Recommended,394510,19500748,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rohann,This is by far one of the best games I have bought all year. So its a twin stick shooter kinda like alien swarm but with rpg like character progression. On top of that you have missions that you do to gain influence in sectors to take those sectors. And adding to the replay value the missions are prodecurally generated. 4 player online multiplayer coop to boot!!!!  Great game worth the money.
76561198061086175,Recommended,394510,19509279,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MR. CANTSLOWDOWN,great game
,Recommended,394510,19738229,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mezcalbomb,its an amazing game.at its best when you play a little to hard.nice co-opwondeful communitychallenginga lot of unlocksgreat mapsgood enemies
76561198019808916,Recommended,394510,19738313,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Vilent,"Very fun, Magika meets its mercenary cousin."
76561197985834482,Recommended,394510,19736536,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Double_R,"10/10 must play, Magika meets Starship troopers meets 40k Scout Marines."
,Recommended,394510,19736643,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ainsley Harriott - Brown Sugar,"This is a decent game, made much better when playing with others.About 50% of the time when someone joins my games to 'assist' me, they end up landing right on top of me and smearing my brains across the map. Properly funny {;-D"
76561198047690498,Recommended,394510,19694776,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Windsor,Super earth....♥♥♥♥ YEAH
76561198030054098,Recommended,394510,19684865,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Urich Lockgaard,Dive! Dive! Dive!
76561198007697813,Recommended,394510,19511361,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cheers 思綺,"Very fun, would definitly reccomend to some of my other friends if you are intrested in sci-fi genre :D"
,Recommended,394510,30591123,Posted: 18 March,all,undefinedz,↑↓→←↑
76561197960508903,Recommended,394510,19535613,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[KoA] Mentacor,This game is absolutely well done. Nice Coop Character and funny gimmicks. nice game for a adrenalin evening :D
,Recommended,394510,19535622,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Unchowiee,♥♥♥♥ing Fantasic.
,Recommended,394510,19537885,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BeardedTexan,"Helldivers!This isn't your average mansy pansy twin stick shooter! So grab a comb and fluff your chest hair! You and up to three other payers will shoot, explode, and crush your way across three different enemy factions. Earn research points and upgrade your Helldiver! Don't expect this to be easy. Everything, including the planet, wants you dead! So jump in that pod Helldiver. We have democracy to spread!This game is way fun. It's a twin stick shooter that doesn't hold your hand. Expect to die often and learn from your mistakes. Your Helldiver can carry an array of primary, secondary, and support weapons. Everything from pistols to laser rifles to arc throwers. On top of that you can call in support in the way of strafing runs, turrets, jet packs, and even mech suits. The more you play, the harder the game gets, and the more tools you get.  The progression system is awesome.One point that I really like is the co-op feel. You -want- to play with other playres. It does support couch co-op and online co-op in the same session. So you and a friend can be playing on your pc, and two players online can join you. So grab some friends, or make some new ones!I would give this game a solid thumbs up."
,Recommended,394510,19536966,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Marx,"A massive amount of fun!A twin-stick top-down shooter from the Magicka team, with RPG leveling elements, a huge skill tree to upgrade abilities and weapons, levels generated daily, and a galaxy meta game to gain progress along with players on PSN."
,Recommended,394510,19537489,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TAU|SolarCurve,Wow! What a fun experience! A++
76561197980101213,Recommended,394510,19550551,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Double D,Fun co-op game. Loved Alien Swam but was disappointed when it did not really go anywhere.  This is just as enjoyable.I'd definitely recommend it if you're looking for a decent co-op game.
76561197970387301,Recommended,394510,19550562,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,juhvi,Matchmaking with random people and 100% friendly fire. 10/10
,Recommended,394510,19528224,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[R]az,Dropped on someone as I was joining a game!Someone lazored me to death :DSomeone dropped an ammo pod on my mech!What a nice game.
,Recommended,394510,19550417,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RXED WXLF7,1- Drop in everyone calls in supplies.2- Rescue civilians.3- 4th player joins and lands on civilians.4- Teamates dont know what friendly fire is.5- Gets downed every 5 sec.6- Leads team to extraction.7- Gets shot at last second.Really cooperate and a fun game. Friendly fire makes it more challenging and hilarious. 10/10
76561198001507068,Recommended,394510,19549500,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,BigFoxHole,"Very fun game. Good for laughs, especially when a pod crushes you XD. Its good when playing solo, but way better with other people."
,Recommended,394510,19644677,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Arcradin,"alright. this game is great, but there are so many ♥♥♥♥ed up things that need to be fixed and some of the things are just dumb and make you wonder how it got put into the completed version of this game.first off is spawning. when you spawn you will literally spawn on top of teammates, defensive turrents, mechs, or other useful items that destroys them instantly. so to spawn someone you either have to sacrifice a player or equipment. yes you can avoid this but it is very hard to not die by a teammate spawning on top of you in a matter of 2 seconds. there is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥going on that you can barely pay attention when someone is about to spawn so you can avoid their drop pod. why the ♥♥♥♥ do they let you aim where to spawn a deceased player when in reality the player will spawn automatically on top of the player that spawned you and kill them instantly.. its ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. so many missions have been failed due to this♥♥♥♥♥♥ its literally an eye for an eye. you want your teammate alive? well you are going to have to die by ♥♥♥♥ed up mechanics in order for your teammate to be revived.friendly fire is a nuisance as well. i understand that the game would be too easy without it but it is just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid half the time especially when enemies are spawning everywhere randomly and you always have to quickly turn around and shoot.another thing is the equipment that you can spawn in the game. its amazing and can really help the team out, however when you die, you lose the equipment which is fine because you can pick it back up.. but not if you were in a mech suit.. oh no... if you are in a mech suit with an angel pack or any other pack on and you die.. you lose all the equipment.. and you cant respawn it because certain equipment can only be spawned once per game.other than that the game is amazing. its like red solstice but way better. good maps, game types, gameplay, music, graphics, teamwork, customization, perks, weapons, and the list goes on. a really great game.. but there needs to be some fixes still."
76561198082768326,Recommended,394510,19685640,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Handsome Squidward,"Really fun game, worth the 20$"
76561198086995861,Recommended,394510,19667996,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,🅱 E V E P H E N,I can play DDR while killing bugs. 11/10-ign
,Recommended,394510,19686195,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Don Chloroform,freedom never sleeps
,Recommended,394510,19687650,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,OH YEAH! The Boss Sauce,Magicka meets Starship Troopers.You buy it.
,Recommended,394510,19686761,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Le Cyeme Pie,Replay value is outstanding.
76561197993732015,Recommended,394510,19688904,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Clark W. Griswold,Gameplay: Starship Troopers - BookStory: Starship Troopers - MovieWould you like to know more?
76561197970379102,Recommended,394510,19689168,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,gcdickson1999,Love this game !  And I also HATE it !   frustrating and fun at same time. not boring at all. alot of fun with friends .
76561198039470590,Recommended,394510,19689219,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Propane Viper,10/10
76561198039034725,Recommended,394510,20911631,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Warhammer1274,"I cannot believe I was on the fence regarding whether or not to buy this game.  This game is great.  A few items to consider:1)  If you do not like chaos, this is not the game for you.  I have died upon initial landing on a world due to another player landing on top of me.  I chuckled, then chortled, then gufawed.Another time, we are fighting off 200 units of the Illuminate, we are half way home, then a player joins us, lands on top of my son, and suddenly our defense collapsed.2)  Can some players solo very difficult challenges?  Sure, but the focus of the game is the coordinated mayhem of playing with a group.  I play with my 2 boys on a single machine.  Online play is seemless, but that is the focus of the game.  I do some solo drops to test out weapons, etc., but the fun is to be had with other players.3)  You can complete all mission objectives, but unless at least one player leaves the mission in the shuttle, the mission will fail.  That 200 creep defense mission I mentioned before?  It took us about 10 tries to get it right.4)  The screen is locked, you are not totally omniscient.  You cannot join a team and go Rambo style to another objective, you must stay with the team.5)  Online play is seemless.  I play a lot of MOBAs and have not played as much lately due to lag.  This game is seamless.  I have yet to see as much as a stutter on screen.  Great job by the developers.6)  I would suggest unlocking equipment rather than buying the DLCs all at once.  Part of the fun, to me, is grinding towards that next shiny weapon.  Figuring out how to use in it a fight.  Most weapons seem to be balanced (although I am no where close to unlocking everything), the Scythe works great against the bugs, but is poor against the Illuminate.  The basic AR is a solid gun, but you need to fire in bursts, not on full auto, etc.7)  Expounding upon the Rambo statement, if you run through a mission heedless of enemy patrols, you will die.  And you will die again.  And again.  And again, or until everyone has their reinforcement stratagem on cooldown, and you will each die one final time.  The last one, mere seconds before the cooldown on reinforcement comes back online.Unlike games that have great systems, but lack cohesion overall, I feel this game is greater than the sum of its parts."
76561198053718445,Recommended,394510,20919351,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[IIE] Baggins,"Except for the fact it went on sale two days after I bought it, This game is simply amazing.Amazing Music, Intense action (You reallt are diving to hell), Extreme satisfaction when you succede a difficult mission.And most of all the possibility to shoot your friends in the face!"
76561198072363693,Recommended,394510,20920040,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Grampa Green,"Fun game and an active multiplayer community, Great for a group of mates that want to spread democracy"
,Recommended,394510,20907500,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ResidentNinja,"I started out playing Helldivers on PS4, and this game was honestly one of the reasons I picked up the console. I was thrilled to see it released on PC and couldn't resist grabbing it here too—and at full price, which is a rarety for me and that alone should speak volumes as high praise.Know that this game really shines when playing with others. It works as a single player game but can be very challening. However, when you have a full complement of players it's at its best. However, nothing holds a candle to being knee-deep in bug guts with close friends. Helldivers is a shining example of the reason you play games with friends. Everything in the game is leathal to everyone else I've laughed plenty of times when a friend's drop pod lands right on me squashing me instantly like a bug, or he accidently steps on me in a mech leaving me a stain on his big metal foot.The game harkens back to one my favorite games, Alien Swarm. Alien Swarm was a free game released years ago here on Steam (and is still available). Helldivers is a true spirital successor that game and incorporates the chase for new cool gear and leveling while battling hordes of rentless enemies.The missions have diverse and creative objectives that don't easily tire. The arrow seqeunces used to call in support objects and interact with missions are a neat innovation and trying to correctly enter them to diffuse a bomb while enemies are bearing down on you is a fantastic thrill. Tension rides high as you are the last one standing, running crazy knowing that the sucess of the mission rides on you finding a spare five seconds to enter in a key combo to respawn your teammates and save the mission.Helldivers has a great Starship Troopers and Warhammer 40K vibe with a healthy dose of humor. The art is wonderful too, with diverse planets and enjoyable vehicles, weaponary, and enemies.I highly respect the approach to selling the game too. If you're uncertain, you can lay down $20 and easily get your money's worth with the game. All of the base content will make you a solid contribution to a team. Paid DLC unlocks more cool options for the game but isn't strictly better than the content that comes in the base game. The DLC can be picked up later if you feel you are enjoying the game. But it's always extra icing.I also am thrilled that it's relatively easy for players of different levels to play together. I've not felt players massively higher or lower than me were either underpowered or overpowered.If this game looks and sounds fun I highly encourage you to strap on your cape, prepare a piping hot pot of liber-tea, and get ready to dive! I'll see you out there, soldier!"
76561198057885960,Recommended,394510,20884608,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Heart,Best Democracy Spreading Simulator ever
,Recommended,394510,21229053,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DocObvious,"It's fun for a little while, up until you realize that the game world is a neverending see-saw of control points with virtually no end-game. There's no rewards for actually -destroying- an enemy homeworld besides EXP, and your only real consolation is a leaderboard you can try to work towards, but the current leaders have such an ungodly amount of Influence, that your chances of actually getting that far up are nearly nonexistant.Pros:- Fun romp for 2-4 players.- Some of the weapons are neat.- Armor looks cool, and the environments are well-detailedCons:- Zero Endgame / Replayability value.- Some of the weapons are actually quite worthless. (IE: SMG's)- No real ""Prize"" for beating anything or destroying an enemy homeworld, besides more EXP.Do I reccomend? With friends, yes. Solo? No."
,Recommended,394510,21221831,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Corpsman HM1 Mal P. Ractice,"What most everyone in the galaxy (except the inhabitants of SUPER EARTH) seem to forget is the fact that democracy is non-negotiable.As a helldiver, your job is to remind them of that fact.Democracy/10"
,Recommended,394510,21198877,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Snorkel Bastard,"I like it. It's simple, fun, casual."
76561198006729790,Recommended,394510,21312411,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Charlie Sheen from Platoon,Service ensures citizenship.
,Recommended,394510,21274107,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jako,"Very recommended :)It's hardcoooore. An extremely well crafted hardcore survival co-op game. If that's what you're looking for, buy."
,Recommended,394510,21305859,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,KingHershko,Amazing for local or online co-op... runs on pretty much any machine... and packs a great deal of fun for just 20$.Don't think twice... get it! and pm me when you dive ;)
76561198084943725,Recommended,394510,21255282,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,FJ,SUPER EARTH BROADCAST NETWORK----------------------------------------Young people from all over the globe are joining up to fight for the future.  Join the HELLDIVERS and do your part.  Meet new people or bring friends in order to spread Freedom and Liberty throughout the galaxy.  Visit exotic locations and shoot local inhabitants in their freedom stifling faces.  Join up today and help make a better tomorrow.Would you like to know more?  Then buy it for Liberty!
,Recommended,394510,20854465,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Owin,"If you're interested in a team game to play with friends I would recommened Helldivers, but i would highly suggest to go in light-hearted. Yes you're going to kill your friends and yes they are going to curse at you for using a shotgun but that's part of what makes this fun! if a player dies respawn can be quick once you understand the mechanics."
,Recommended,394510,20889983,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ridz84,Really enjoyed (and continue to enjoy) this game especially when playing with friends. I find the mechanics of the game very balanced and emphasis team coordination over just trying to get the best weapons which is quite refreshing.One tip though : Buy the bundle with the DLCs. It's way more worth it than buying the DLCs separately later on. I totally regret not buying it as part of the main game bundle :/
,Recommended,394510,20863695,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mabz-,"Great game, great mechanics, Mechs feels great to play, good variety and replayability.It is a must!"
76561197971411710,Recommended,394510,20883565,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Inconmon,"Absolute love Magicka, so buying this including all DLC was a no-brainer.Didn't regret it for a second, it's absolutely brilliant. And unforgiving. And addictive.Strongly recommend using a gamepad and playing with friends on your couch."
76561198052352849,Recommended,394510,20885113,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tagor,This game is so nostalgic it reminds me of alien swarm and offers much more i hope this game gets more updates
,Recommended,394510,21226331,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,SwiggidyDiggity,"PRO-TIP: Before a Drop, be sure to come up with the most epic ♥♥♥♥ing speech of all time. It maeks the gameplay so much more fun. I honestly just had the most fun typing in a keyboard ive ever had in a game.A well ♥♥♥♥ing deserved 10/10"
76561198037931337,Recommended,394510,21224319,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,IrishKnight,Excellent game! Make sure and play this with friends as it increases the fun by alot.The game can get sort of boring if you're playing less than level 7ish missions so make sure and challenge yourself as much as you can! I hope the devs can add some sort of story to help the game instead of grinding liberty.
,Recommended,394510,21268809,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Smu,Fast paced and good 3rd person shooter to fill in that itch. Highly recommend. Always shotgun.
,Recommended,394510,19520535,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,InQuisition,"So I picked up HELLDIVERS Deluxe EditionThis game is a twin stick shooter, that focuses on Cooperative gameplay (amazing squad based tactics) but also offers a variety of weapons and perks you can customize your character loadout with. Also the maps are all randomly generated so if it doesnt feel like your doing the same thing over and over. Theres 5 different types of planets. Ice, Snow, Forest, Volcano, and Mega Cities. All of which feel even more unique with the three different alien factions you can encounter. Cyborgs (Think Orks from Warhammer. The like Explosions and Machine guns) Illuminate? (Cant remember their name but their like a Protoss/Eldar hybrid. Emphasis on shields and Beam Weapons) and the Bugs (Zerg/Starship troopers vibe. Scary strong at close quarters and have a rediculous amount of health.)Despite all the positives the game has a few issues. For one, sometimes you cant control spawning in and will accidentally kill a teammate. In a team you have infinite respawns, but the enemy is aware of you when you drop it can be a bit of a headache. Spawns sometimes fall on important emplacements to complete a mission (the falling objects will kill the mission objective on the ground and you fail that objective.)The BIG features of this game were the customization characters. The incredible variety. And the heavily advertised friendly fire. I didnt count the friendly fire as an issue because it makes the team work together to prevent team killing. But guaranteed you will die. Random Drop pod, bad airstrike position, or backing up off a cliff, this game will get you. All these things including the friendly fire work SO WELL in unison. Its a fantastic team based shooter. Also this game allows you to connect a controller and offers up to four person coop support.The most exciting parts of this game, after a long mission, your low on resources and your in the last thirty seconds waiting for the dropship to evacuate your team and pull you out. Depending on the difficulty it can actually be pretty amazing in those final seconds.The only game this reminds me of is Alien Swarm. And truly this game is everything Alien Swarm wished it could have become. I hope this game gets a massive following and the developers grow this game even more on pc.HELLDIVERS – yell various patriotic things and woohoo america things. Theres not too many different sayings and it does get a little old after a while. Theres voice commands for those without a mic that allow for easier squad communication.Combat sounds amazing, miniguns, airstrikes, and alien noises however help you get lost in the games atmosphere.The graphics are well done. Nothing groundbreaking, but combat looks pleasing and customization is very satisfying. Also the gameworld despite being randomly generated fits together well and almost borrows its look from Diablo 3.The games story is almost defined by the player, you have to do missions and take sectors of space until you wipe out and alien homeworld or the aliens can launch and offensive on the humans space and if you fail to defend them the aliens retake that part of space.This game has amazing replay value with the random content and keeps you busy with trying to earn new perks, upgrades, and cosmetics. At least keeps you fairly busy until you hit the games max level of 50.Overall im VERY pleased with this game. I havent been this excited about a game in a while, and looking forward to DLC and future additional content."
76561198024630019,Recommended,394510,19519468,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AtheosisX,"Really awesome game.  It's a twin stick shooter with subtlety and depth.  Pretty unique.  My only real complaint is the camera.  It plays like couch coop, which frankly sucks.  Still it's a great game for $20, and if you want a thinkng man's twin stick shooter this is for you."
,Recommended,394510,19519549,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Doppelganchor,"HELLDIVERS™ is fantastic in every way I could possibly fathom.You can tackle missions on your own, if you're into the lone wolf kind of thing.Finding yourself in need of some assistance? Drop an SOS stratagem to bring other players into your mission, and be promptly smashed by their drop pod. But that's okay! You'll both laugh and they'll call an ordinance to drop you right back into the mission. Watch out for cross fire and remember to go prone! Friendly fire isn't all that friendly and can account for 25%-50% of all deaths.Higher difficulty planets means better loot and XP! It also means you'll get smashed easier, it's wise to play with three other Helldivers at higher difficulties. Sometimes it's better to keep moving to an objective than to stand and fight the endless waves of alien scum, but it's ALWAYS fun no matter what!Join the Helldivers today and spread democracy throughout the galaxy! Fight together for a collective goal! Win your wars! Fight the good fight!I'll see you on the battlefield, Helldiver!"
76561198043436322,Recommended,394510,19519604,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BOYETCHLES,"I remember seeing this game back when it first came out for Playstatioin, was super bummed I couldn't play it (no PS).  Was very pleased to see it come to Steam and grabbed it immediately.  The game is very well done, I have encountered two visual bugs so far in the 8 hours I've spent playing the game which were very minor and by no means game breaking.The game has a great setting mixing Starship Troopers and Halo (ODST defending a Starship Troopers-like Earth).  It is a port from the Playstation but for the most part it's very well done; controls work and are smooth, UI could use a bit of work but it's easily manageable and navigable.  If you enjoy twin-stick shooters then you'll enjoy this game.Be prepared for many gruesome deaths.Many times from your teammates.Other times from yourself."
76561197973184280,Recommended,394510,19519688,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rustam,GOTYAY
,Recommended,394510,19781220,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,M4xj4zz,Great game!!
,Recommended,394510,19780932,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Raven,"Pritty good twin stick shooter, missions keep interesting and coop is a blast. Not to mention difficulty keeps it interetsting as very hard is just that."
76561197989161613,Recommended,394510,19550397,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RustKnight,"*Just scrool at bottom, if you want my straight opinion*In my opinion 2 things are missing from this game:1. The lock screen on Host is horrible. I would imagine this has something to do with the balance and mechanics of the game. Probably if they would switch it everyone would be covering N S W E and nothing would ever move.2. It's too damn repetitive. I don't mind it being repetitive UNLESS you have some hardcore (ironman) mechanic to it. So that there is a reason to go further and further. Character persistent soldiers. Have some random names generated for them, some extra bonuses added that they managed 2,3,4 missions to survive. The game is sadly not balanced for such an option which is truly a shame since all the other parts are in their place. Everything else fits perfectly.If this would have been a pseude-roguelike game, I would have glued my chair and eyes on this game. Sadly, this is not the case.I mean, the whole game is like this: Woooo, tense moments, I ALMOST GOT KILLED, but my budy saved me wohoo! No wait. I died, OH WHAT A TRAGEDY. *Respawn in 3,2,1* . Ok, where were we? ... My point is, this game has NO STAKES.No death penalty is just so unmotiving in playing it. And yet, the mechanics in how you crawl and clindge for life are like made for it.I do hope the devs would consider of making an *extra diff* settings of some sort to balance the game for an Ironman modus, or something in this direction, because this game is worth the attention.--------------Having no penalty for death, this game is a simple grind from which you will get bored in 2 hours. It would help if you play with friends but I wouldn't bet (literally) my money on it. Oh and did I mention that screen lock on host is horrible?Shame.Edit> Ok, after playing some time I realised that the screen tries to focus the center on all players, not host only. I think after a couple of more hours of gameplay, that the creators wanted to ""force"" the players to team up and make always a concentrated operation by sticking toghether. Makes sense actually, so I take that back about the screen.Actually, since I already played so many hours and still do, I'll change my vote into a positive one, since it does actually deliver ""fun"". But I am still of the opinion that they could have implemented a sort of bonus for soldiers who made several missions alive, would have been cool.Hmmm, If I think about it, a random headgear, bodygear, cape for each helldiver that deploys from your pool of available gears what have been really sweet, having it as an option of course. Getting the feeling that each new trooper has it's own ""story"" and unique visual."
76561198003370357,Recommended,394510,19784593,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Master Chief,It's very reminescent of Alien Swarm but 10x better and I LOVED Alien Swarm. I love it except for the people that like to do accidental deaths >.<
76561197994509138,Recommended,394510,19753230,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Stevotatersdeep,"the all to frequent  disconnections right at the end of missions are the only bad thing i have to say about it, can get infuriating.oh and the dlc sucks, at least the pack i bought does."
,Recommended,394510,19809985,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dhan_XD,"My take on helldiver:-If it seems possible, it is.-If you can probably die in any way, you will die.-Everything is accidental.-Never run onto the light, ever.90% of the time you'll hear a teammate say either ""sorry"" or ""good job guys"". *cheers* :)"
76561198081470196,Recommended,394510,19808593,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,The Shogunwolf,"Super Earth needs you soldier, there is no better joy in this life that to destroy the enemies of our free filled democratic  world."
,Recommended,394510,19790567,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,faithlesspr,Addictive and hell of fun game. Works perfectly with steam controller.
,Recommended,394510,19594539,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dante,"Come on you apes, you wanna live forever!!Just buy it, do it you won't regret it, and come join the carnage."
,Recommended,394510,19594542,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MrChlorophyll,"Some of the best, most hectic coop I've ever played. Brutally hard at higher difficulties so the ""oh crap oh crap oh crap"" missions where there's only one or two squad members alive at any given time juggling fighting 12 enemies from 4 directions and needing to throw 3 different stratagems at once and also reload but run because you just turned on the nuke but your own turret is spitting a death beam down the only viable escape route but somehow one guy makes it out by the skin of his teeth are SO GOOD.Being able to aim with a mouse kind of feels like cheating after playing the console version for such a long time, but I'm ok with it."
,Recommended,394510,19594659,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dr. Notson,Dish out a steaming cup of justice in this political thriler. Join the Liber-tea party today!
,Recommended,394510,19595083,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,HDshotz,"Pros:-Challenging (who likes easy games?)-Easy to learn, but not forgiving if you don't pay attention!-Great teamwork game-Pretty good graphics-Awesome value; great game for small price-Instant action, I'm never bored, until I exit gameCons:-Occasional server disconnet, but not very often; due to huge popularity/stress on servers; shouldnt last long-Difficult to play without at least one teammate; if you want the best game unlocks, you need an ally or 3I would give this game a 9.5/10. The only thing keeping it from a full 10/10 would be the small problem of the occasional server disconnect. But I don't expect that will last long. But seriously, this is a great game. For $20, this game is worth it...I'd be happy to have paid $60 for all of the fun I've had playing this game."
,Recommended,394510,19596953,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Carry Drunk,Just too good!Pure shooting fun + upgrade system!Also the friendly fire make it so much fun!
76561198042143762,Recommended,394510,19634696,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mike,"- One of the best co op games iv'e ever played, and it's very challenging on higher levels.- Tons of loadout options, at first it'll even seem overwhelming.- Team work is key, if you're not working together with your team you will fail.- Nearly everything can kill you, when you first start playing you will die...ALOT. But you'll learn.Those are just the quick things that come to mind with Helldivers, i'd also reccommend getting the Deluxe edition. Totally worth it. Some of the DLC gear is the best in the game imo."
76561198073104965,Recommended,394510,19593289,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,shang1805,One of the best for 2015!
,Recommended,394510,19593357,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ace,"If the makers of Diablo, Halo: Spartan Strike, Planetside, Call of Duty and Starship Troopers had a baby this is what would turn out. Everyone who plays this is playing as a team, everyone contributes towards progressing towards new areas and loot. Highly addictive, would recommend to everyone."
,Recommended,394510,19593455,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Daine Gerzone,"Hilariously fun! Enjoy slaughtering your enemies for Democracy!My one complaint is the aiming interface is a little wonky on mouse & keyboard. If you have a gamepad, I recommend using that."
,Recommended,394510,19593570,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sando1,"Amazing game, really loved it. I recommend it to everyone!"
76561198001484377,Recommended,394510,19861880,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,San Taco,Just beat a Helldive difficulty with constant bombardment of respawns.10/10
,Recommended,394510,19555035,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,۩Red۞Beard۩,"Alien Swarm +100 pretty sweet that u get shot in from space in a pod and randomly can land on ur team mates if the games already in progress XD the grind is like warframe go planet to planet for new loots. I tried both controller and keyboard mouse, I prefer keyboard mouse for accuracy in shots. You only get so much ammo and each time u reload u lose whatever ammos left in that clip. Calling down the cool meta whatever spells was cool. like punching in a cheat code while taking fire, up up down left left right left up down, drop a nuke here! pretty cool game for sure they should of sold it in a 4 pack or something i woulda hooked up some broskis"
,Recommended,394510,19871161,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Drecunion,"Come on you apes, you wanna live forever?!this game is literally the game to the Starship Troopers movie except the other races but its just amazing!Gettin my whole squad killed from my ammo drops 11/10 would resupply my team again."
,Recommended,394510,19852925,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,|Fever| jonjonw,"If youre looking for a bad♥♥♥♥♥game, this game will do it for you!  Light the fires and kick the tires HOORAH!"
76561197993623031,Recommended,394510,19856076,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DrPleasure,Buy it. That is all.
76561197992918986,Recommended,394510,19860483,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,RosyUnicorn,"If you have the slightest interest in twin-stick-shooters and cooperation you will love this game. Stable gameplay, easy to get into and a pretty solid community. Well recommended!It's kind of like if Alien Swarm and Magicka had a love-child.And just as a reference, I've clocked in at 31 hours.But yeah, what are you waiting for Soldier? Enlist today!For freedom and democracy! For Super Earth!"
,Recommended,394510,19860695,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,meep,ruined my life for a solid weekwould do again
,Recommended,394510,19859157,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BrettW,"Muder your friends, revive them and murder them again.Great game, just don't take it too seriously or you might get angry at the chaos."
76561198188691777,Recommended,394510,19820018,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Blenzel Blashington,"TL;DR -Holy sh!tsnacks, get this game. If you have that craving to basically be a goddamn ODST and have the most action-packed funblast ever, this is the game to play!SynopsisYour experience will consist of starting off in a just-comedic-enough tutorial that it's fun, yet still pretty much teaches you everything you need to know. In game, you start on board the bridge of your ship, and you can choose which planets to orbit over (in one of three sectors, one per available enemy type). Victories are small, but there is a community driven victory condition for everything, meaning you're never truly alone. You choose your loadout and cosmetic badassification options, head on over to one of your four laundry chutes, and drop in to action.GameplayEach mission has different amounts and types of objectives, varying from mine defusal to hostage rescue. You drop in, complete the missions, grab any upgrades you see nearby for later, then head to extraction. Sound simple?It's ♥♥♥♥in not, m80.This is the Dark Souls of top-down shooters. That has multiple meanings, however.1) Very unforgiving. You can't take many hits before dying, and only get one revive on solo. Multiplayer you must rely on your friends to call in a backup if you die (think Magicka, since Paradox also made that game).2) DIYOW. There's so many way to take on objectives. Blaze right the ♥♥♥♥ in and hope to God that you don't get gunned down and ploughed like virgin soil, or have one guy on each point watching for patrols while one guy does the objective. It's up to you.Now, there's one mechanic that I absolutely love, and those of you who played Magicka will remember: FOCKEN' SPELLS AND ♥♥♥♥!Not really, but sort of. See, the way you perform tactical drop-ins like ammo and vehicles requires holding down control and performing a series of keypresses in order, ranging in complexity. A simple UAV could be A-W-D, whereas something like an autoturret would require like 7 keypresses. It sounds difficult, but it's easy to pick up and adds a level of satisfaction to performing an action, whereas it would be boring to just hit a button to drop ammo in.ConclusionIf you're on the fence about buying this, that means that you'll like it. I absolutely guarantee it. I was like ""eeeehhhh, should I get it?"" and it took me four days to end up purchasing it. I'm friggin mad I didn't buy it as soon as I saw it, it's so much fun."
76561197981003097,Recommended,394510,19835958,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Storn9,Love this game!Big guns that kill everything including your own team 10/10!!
,Recommended,394510,19843063,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[IHC] Yenski,"Starship Troopers, meet Alien Swarm.This game is quite a great way to co-op with a few friends, whether side-by-side, or over the net.  Enjoy, watch for pods, and stop destroying my tanks you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,394510,19843697,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CaptnBarbosa,"Diablo meets Starcraft meets Contra.  That's what Helldivers is.  A fun accessible co-op top-down game with fun justified mechanics.  As you enter the more difficult missions, enemies are varied and team work timing is a must to be able to complete objectives smoothly.  It's really fun game with an appropriate difficulty curve that pretty much says ""Don't play stupid."""
,Recommended,394510,19843950,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pote de sorvete com Feijão,"Very good game!PROS:Great coop actionexcelent gameplay if you use KB+mouse (still playable with a gamepad, but a lot less precise)Cool enemiesawesome unlocks and upgrades for weapons and equipments4 person coop on one single computer.Good type of grindingCons:hard to play with pubssomewhat repetitive, though not a big deal9/10If you like coop games and have friends to play with,, buy this. If ou don't have friends to play with, you can still have a lot of fun playing solo or with random people from the web, just make sure to add the good players so you can have a reliable team most of the time."
76561198001418915,Recommended,394510,19844032,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Avoh,"Game Title: Helldivers - 35 hoursReview Date: 12/20/15Initial Reaction:I felt like playing a simple slaughterhouse with friends that might provide some laughs and awesome last stands. This game didn't disappoint in that aspect.I never really liked the idea of shared camera's in games, seems like a significant step backwards in gaming to me, personally, but I figured I'd give it a try anyways.Short Opinion:After about 20 hours of gameplay, I had fun doing missions, unlocking new gear, hearing my character talk about liber-tea while slaughtering aliens because... reasons.Sadly, for a game that has 2-3 ""expansions"" or content updates... whichever they call them... It's really lacking in content that keeps you playing. I've honestly lost reason to continue playing other than helping others with random missions for the sake of it simply because I've obtained everything I'm interested in or that I need in the short time I played it.Story: 1/10 - This isn't the story you're looking for...I honestly had to go to wikipedia to even find out what the actual background story of the game was. Disappointingly, there really isn't much of one to be found.If the 8 lines of text the entire plot of the game is written on is a bit long for you, TL;DR: Hyper democracy, brainwashed Earth fighting aliens because they need to be fought because reasons...Good plot by the broadest stroke possible, I suppose... Can't say it helps the game at all. Maybe Helldivers 2 will explain more.Gameplay: 7/10 - What you see is what you getCombat in concept works perfect and is going to be typical of any top-down shooter. Simple point, aim, slaughter gameplay mixed in with having to keep in mind factors like friendly fire and resource drop pods potentially crushing you or your friends is a fun concept.However, the execution of these concepts are held back by things like shared camera view between FOUR other players... This is 2015, it's the internet, this is a EXTREMELY impractical idea.Between the randomly generated terrain and objectives in missions the game offers varied enough maps to give you a unique experience in every mission you attempt.That said, there is a bit of a let down in the enemy AI that you spend the entirety of it fighting. The game offers twelves levels of difficulty for missions, but after about level six or seven you've already seen everything there is to see. It's nothing exactly game killing but in a game where you literally repeat mission after mission fighting the exact same aliens it will get old fast.There's a variety of gear to unlock depending on your play style. Sometimes you just can't find a use for stun mines compared to normal mines... Regardless, there's enough unlockable content to keep interest for several hours if nothing else.Graphics: 9/10 - Exactly what it needs to beThis is a shining example of graphics not being the sole thing that determines your game as a big hit or financial flop.Graphics are second to gameplay, always, no excuse, ever. It's a game, not a painting. We all love pushing our computers but if its gameplay suffers because of wasted effort on things like 4K textures or other non-sense then you clearly aren't trying to make a game.Graphics range from textures to models, general environment, shading, color palettes, etc. This game was never intended to be big on graphics and they clearly didn't waste time trying to pander to people that complain about them. That said, the graphics *ARE NOT BAD*.Models are interesting and unique, textures fit the world, gear, monsters and player characters perfectly. The environments you fight in are unique and offer different ways to play while looking beautiful and lush or dark and intimidating.Sound: 8/10 - UniqueI love the sounds in this game. The weapons sound as powerful as they are, airstrikes, bombs and nukes are threatening, explosions make you want to clear out and the aliens all have unique sound effects to make them stand out.Also, who doesn't want a nice cup of democratic liber-tea?Replay Value: 6/10 - Kind've let downThis is obviously the biggest disappointment for a game like this. When your game relies on repeating the same/same-ish content literally every 10-20 minutes and you don't provide enough variety in things to do different then you end up getting bored relatively quickly.I can't say the game isn't worth its pricetag because of this but if I went strictly on the guidelines of 1$ = 1 hour of entertainment then between my purchase of the game and 3 DLC totaling to 30$ USD... I had to actually force myself to play to get that value out of it simply because I got bored so quick.If you intend to buy this game as something to spend hours on like you would in something like the witcher, mass effect, gta V, etc, then you'll probably be disappointed. Fair warning.Final Thoughts:Overall, this game honestly feels like a time killer phone app such as angry birds or other games of that sort. It doesn't make it bad, but at the end of the day it is just a time killer."
76561198032067409,Recommended,394510,19850223,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,USM-Valor,"The Good: Tight action, steady learning curve, and plenty of varied upgradeable equipment.The Bad: Lack of end-game content, somewhat repetitive modes of play, and the DLC structure/integration into the game.The Bottom Line: This game was surprisingly addictive. For both solo and group play, the frantic player unfriendly mechanics force cooperation or a swift death, typically at the hands of your fellow player. It is not a perfect game by any stretch of the imagination, but you can fully expect 10-15 hours of fun at a minimum. The experience improves drastically playing with friends as opposed to solo or random teammates."
,Recommended,394510,19850534,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BLak,Deep arcadey fun that you've been looking for.
,Recommended,394510,19848874,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,bopp,it's magicka if it were actually intended to be a functioning game and not a jokebretty damn good
76561197980541527,Recommended,394510,19843337,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Synnono,"Spreading democracy and the peace-loving docrine of Super Earth to the galaxy is worth the asking price. This is a great option to pick up and play for a few minutes at a time, but bring friends or join strangers for maximum liberty."
,Recommended,394510,19834036,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Neuf,"From the makers of Magicka comes an action-packed, challenging, and engaging twin-stick shooter where you're a soldier of Super Earth fighting off three alien factions in the name of democracy.HELLDIVERS plays very similarly to Valve's free-to-play twin-stick shooter Alien Swarm, though this game has considerably more content to keep you satisfied and playing. Rather than being class-based, however, players have a choice of weapons and strategems to pick from to customize their character, including unlockable aesthetic gear.Strategems are support items you call down to aid your team, such as extra ammo, automated gun turrets, and much larger weapons to swing around. They drop in pods shot from space, so you have to wary of falling supplies, otherwise you or your squad will get crushed.As is the case with Magicka, friendly fire is always on, and some of the weapons you use hurt your teammates as much as they hurt your enemies; grenades and stray bullets will shred your friends' health bars and, as I mentioned, a badly-placed supply drop will reduce soldiers to bits. Fortunately, you can call in reinforcement pods to bring your comrades back from the dead. Just make sure you're not crushed by the pod.The controls seem fairly tight and easy to get into, though if using a controller you should make sure your right stick isn't janky; aiming your gun with the right stick slows your movement speed drastically, so if your stick has a tendency to move in a direction you might be in for a bad time.All of the missions seem to be randomly generated, so playing the same difficulty on the same planet may put you in a different battlefield, helping extend the play time. However, even so, after particularly long play sessions HELLDIVERS starts to feel a bit repetitive. This is eased somewhat by playing with friends, but it's still recommended you take a little break after awhile, otherwise you might start feeling burned out.Being a big fan of both Alien Swarm and Magicka, I had very high hopes for HELLDIVERS being a fun and engaging twin-stick shooter. And I wasn't disappointed."
76561198042240689,Recommended,394510,19830902,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Grost,"HELLDIVERS is a semi-RPG co-op top down shooter where the main goal is to spread freedom and democracy for your planet, Super Earth. You invade alien planets with your friends, slaughtering everything in your path and completing objectives for Experience and research points. You use these to unlock new items so you can more effectively slaughter everything in your path. All players are on the same screen at all times, making teamwork vital to survive missions. A lot of the items and gear encourages teamwork, like a medi-gun that heals other soldiers, as well as items that work better with two or more players.Pros+Encourages the use of teamwork to survive+Difficulty between larger missions is at a decent scale+Multiple ways to play the game, with no set classes+Multiple enemy factions, as well as plenty of enemy types+Objectives vary from capturing points to aquiring items and simply killing off enemies+Global scale events that depend on players everywhere to complete+Community is friendly and helpful (For the most part)+Big homage to Starship Troopers, with little lines of dialogue added to further reinforce thisCons-Could be more difficult for a more casual gamer to simply pick up and play-Certain difficulties are nearly impossible for solo play-Can be difficult to complete global events if everyone is not working on themMixed+-Friendly Fire is always on+-Controllers are preferred over keyboard and mouse+-Graphics are more for an arcade feeling+-A nice selection of weapons and items that seem to not get used often+-Later levels require a bigger grind to level upPersonally, the game is very enjoyable if you have people to play it with. It is worth the price."
,Recommended,394510,20971379,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mx200394,"I downloaded this game when it first came to Playstation Network. I enjoyed this game a lot with my friends. Constant Damn it R** Damnit it J*** Oh S*** I did not mean to park my LAV onto of you. Hours of fun online with friends. I decided to download this port over version.First off... Use a controller for this game. The keyboard settings for aim and movement are so restricting compaired to the controller. I Helldived with the Keyboard and Mouse first and felt like I was on a handicap and could not play the game fast enough because I lack having more than 5 fingers to play the game. So I decided to restart and load the game with a PC controller I had laying around. It played just like butter. If you got the unoffical PS3 or PS4 controller plug in for your PC it will play just like the console version. Using the Xbox controller I had lying around felt a little lacking but my PS4 controller with the game made it feel just like home.Some how this game did block out my Frame Rate counter. Maxed settings and I could not view my frame rate or PC Specs while playing. But I did not notice any lag, glitches or frame drops on highest settings. I do plan on playing more, just got to convince my PC gaming friends to join me."
,Not Recommended,394510,20931097,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Harald Treutiger,It's not Alien Swarm but great fun nonetheless.Edit: Actually this game has one major flaw and that's when you try to play more than 2 players one random player and sometimes all players drop out repetedly. Some times it works like a charm an entire game only to drop players at the score screen but most of the time players start droping before the game even begins. People seem to have had this problem ever since the console version was released and since it hasn't been fixed yet I can not recommend this game.
76561198104953023,Not Recommended,394510,20973558,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,turtlebeng2514,"I actually got bored within the first few hours of this game. I tried playing with a friend of mine, but there's FRIENDLY FIRE. We kept downing each other and couldn't make it through a signle mission. Not the kind of fun I was looking for."
,Recommended,394510,21017896,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mobiuswang,"Friendly fire, friendly fire never changes."
76561198013749743,Recommended,394510,21019660,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Thunderdome,"I got crushed so hard by the evac shuttle in training, my display driver crashed.10/10"
,Recommended,394510,21006049,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,the.malkolm,+++++++++
76561198027194329,Recommended,394510,20980150,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ryan,"""Join the HELLDIVERS and save the Galaxy. Service guarantees citizenship. Would you like to know more?""""These are the rules. Everybody fights, nobody quits. If you don't do your job I'll kill you myself. Welcome to the HELLDIVERS!""""Come on you apes! You wanna live forever?""Starship troopers, the game."
,Recommended,394510,20981562,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Bloodbeard,"If you are even remotely interested just click the 'add to cart' button. Alien Swarm, Red Solstice, etc. Its got shades of everything, but more accessible and less time consuming. You will find yourself saying one more drop for that next weapon etc. HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,394510,20981592,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Orangutango,"A love baby between Alien Swarm and Magicka, easily one of my new favourite games. When most your deaths are from allies dropping on you from above you know you've made a good game."
,Recommended,394510,20985092,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Endothlyne,This game is really fun. Friendly fire fatalities everywhere. My funniest moment was when I accidently dropped an ammo resupply pod onto a team mates vehicle destroying it. Ooops. Sorry.
76561197990110922,Recommended,394510,21001414,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Vin,"Great game, 5/7!"
,Recommended,394510,20999350,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,F4rewell,Would you like to know more?
76561198078779782,Recommended,394510,20999488,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lancelot,excellent. no more. no less.
,Recommended,394510,20776835,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dieselpwr,"This game is the greatest Warhammer 40,000 action game of all-time despite not being one!"
76561197996206195,Recommended,394510,20835917,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,BustaNinja,"Make sure to set your multiplayer preference to only games on the ship, otherwise you'll spawn in on top of your team mates and get kicked, every time.Great fun tho."
,Recommended,394510,20835988,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Andrew,Fun
76561198080593301,Recommended,394510,20772789,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Kaiser squishy,deployed a turret to help my team mates... kills team with turret10/10 would kill entire team again
76561198025695367,Recommended,394510,20763633,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,StinoMeister,"I can honestly say this is the most fun I've had in ages. Great community aswell, haven't encountered any ""trolls"" yet, only people that actually play the game as it's meant to be played.Would recommend/10"
76561198092543424,Recommended,394510,20768517,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,iic3manse7enn,"1st of all Ive never reviewed a game so bare with me please.   But this game derserves it.   Ive played games for years both on Xbox and PC.   So here we go. This game makes you want to play CO-OP and work together.   Its simple and very fun.  The upgrade system is very simple and easy to understand and It always leaves you wanting the nest upgrade.   The game play which is the most important to me is smooth, like almost to good to be true.  On the other hand tho its hard lol.  U find yourseld dying alot by the game and other players lol.All in all if your still looking at the game its very worth it to me..  Me and a small group of people have enjoying it alot."
,Recommended,394510,20762409,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,BubuDaPwn,"10/10, ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
76561198005502628,Recommended,394510,19840280,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ragnar Yager,"This are the best 30 bucks you can spend for a big payload of fun.In case you haven't yet:Watch the trailerif you are still not convinced... well... you leave me no choice...Pros- Sarcastic and crude humor- It has a certainStarship TroopersandAlienathmospheric flair- The game runs stable and you have the option to run it on either 64bit or 32bit- You will find it verry easy to find ppl who will drop with you and get the jobs done.-You CAN play it solo- The graphics and effects, visual and sound look good- Huge galaxy with 3 different enemy races, who all feel different when you crush them under your boots, or suppydrops- Tons of stuff to unlock: Weapons, Strategems (supplydrops like ammo,turrets etc., Mods, Clothes (just cosmetic)- Warmashines like Walkers, Tanks, APCs.- Nukes... you arm them manually and then run like hell (verry funny)It is a cooperative game, but on the fields of desolation...accidents happen. But you can rate PlayersCons- Your private life as you know it will be over- Its frustrating (on higher difficulties 7-10) where you wished you had more anti tank weapons- Some ""arena missions"" with a killcounter are really hard to win-  As in any game, there are ragequitters...RatingGraphic 8/10Singleplayer 5/10Multiplayer 9.5/10---overall rating---10/10 Intergalactic Dictatorship-ships"
,Recommended,394510,19837865,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Infernicus,Dope♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,394510,19830313,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Emmanuel Override,"Loads of fun and deep teamplay tactics for 20 bucks. You don't need the DLC to succeed, although there's a lot of fun stuff and some very handy drones and things."
,Recommended,394510,19830421,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[$È] Don Cornetto,Cover my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,394510,19830422,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,halfbeardhero,"10/10 for game, 0/10 for dlc antics. Pretty much sums it up"
,Recommended,394510,19831330,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Teisu Masuku,Watch out the noobs in this game are more deadly than the worst monsterbombed by hellpod 11/10
76561198072122501,Recommended,394510,19819044,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Quinton Starbanger IV,this game is just amazing
,Recommended,394510,30657225,Posted: 21 March,all,Balderson,sick
,Recommended,394510,19805933,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,lil boat,I bought this drunk and my friend hated his life.
76561197993654370,Recommended,394510,19811413,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Den,"I've only played for a short time, but I'm hooked.  The gun unlocks are varied and interesting, the support drop mechanic is great, and the focus on co-op teamwork is paramount.  I love a good co-op game, it's what initially drew me to the game, to be honest.  Friendly fire is always on, so make sure you don't shoot your team mates or call in a support drop on them.  The game also natively supports voice chat, so that's a plus.  My only gripe would be it's hard to know when to truly reload, because the clip isn't measured in rounds remaining, but a depleting icon.  Still, only a minor nitpick.  The game is a blast with friends."
,Recommended,394510,19812732,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,K00PA,"Just a general response to many of the negative responses out there, for those who don't like the controls on the pc, the devs purposefully made it how it is because of how much better snapping on your mouse and aiming would be compared to a gamepad. Also, this game does not require the purchase of dlc for end game content because even at max difficulty, you can do absolutely fine with the base weapons (granted you have unlocked them). Overall this game had gotten me hooked hour one and I can't remember playing a game I had this much fun with. Buy it. Get it now."
,Recommended,394510,26812430,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jamideus von Persenstein,There can never be too much freedom in our universe. Join HELLDIVERS now!
76561198010281886,Recommended,394510,26822144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DemonDream,"This game is ridiculously hard, but also insanely fun to play with friends. Fair warning, you're going to die. A lot. Just make your peace with that going in."
76561198037564128,Recommended,394510,26741719,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,kazuma38,"best to play with 1-3 ""friends"" so you can ""accedently"" shoot them in the back"
,Recommended,394510,26908176,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Albatrossing,"This game for the first time in many Arrowhead games finally captures the fun and chaos of the original Magicka. Combat is hectic and fun, many options and methods to kill your enemies, and multiplayer co-op is still fun and dangerous as you can kill your teammates whether it be on purpose or by accident.In this game literally everything is trying to kill you! Even your own side!"
76561198099386935,Recommended,394510,26880768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Black_Baron,Fun for multiple players and for going solo. Just watch out for where you point your gun cause you might kill your own friend.
,Recommended,394510,26883694,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"As unforgiving yet amusing as Magicka, set against the vile xenos who threaten Super Earth."
,Recommended,394510,26979522,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[MK] Sub-Zero,Great game co-op with friends.
,Recommended,394510,26979709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nodelphi,"Great coop game, lots of fun/frustration while playing with friends."
,Recommended,394510,30914188,Posted: 2 April,all,OpO,Fun game to play with friends. Friendly-fire and stupid deaths have been the number one reason for hilarious moments in this game... if you don't take the game too seriously. :)
76561198007704758,Recommended,394510,27863207,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SgtCat,"Some of the most fun you'll have ""accidentally"" killing your friends at the most inconvenient time possible.  Solid title."
,Recommended,394510,27880708,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,VyruS',Pretty fun stuff
,Recommended,394510,27599059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KS,BEST Game Ever!!! Good Strategy and multiplayer
,Recommended,394510,27609074,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bunny,Have a cup of libertea?
76561198040996252,Recommended,394510,27609478,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snorry,"Very fun game, especially recomend the coop."
76561198089485266,Recommended,394510,27586373,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,uberschveinen,"It says a very great deal about a game that in the same match I can be killed by an enemy grenade, a friendly grenad,e my own grenade, my own tank falling from the sky, and the reinforcements I called down to help - and I still have a fantastic time."
,Recommended,394510,27598733,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,某地瓜,UI really needs to be improved as well as shadow quality in high resolution
,Recommended,394510,27673431,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,{BOA}StonerMk2,Fun little game. Alright running with Pubs but could be a blast with friends
76561198059994649,Recommended,394510,27624285,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr.WolrdwidE,good game
76561198000604611,Recommended,394510,27659710,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Panduxa,Magicka with guns.
,Recommended,394510,27613983,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wanderer,"A very fun game that is an absolute must if you have a few friends to play it with. I am going to tell you right now that if you  want to buy it, get the Digital Deluxe Edition as you are going to want some of the DLC and it is just much cheaper that way. If you find you hate the game you know steam has a refund policy for a reason. It has that same feel Magika did when you played it with others where your friends are sometimes your worst enemy and that is half the fun. You will have some fantasic and fustrating moments. Overall, the game has enough content and is fun enough to be given a big thumbs up if you have someone you can play it with. I might not like it so much if I went in playing alone."
76561198114865394,Recommended,394510,21616270,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Stain,Dying at the start of the game has never been this fun.10/10 Would be get gibbed by an allied pod at the beginning of a game again
,Recommended,394510,23941132,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tildestar,"Intense, exhilarating and supported by a generally terrific community.I never knew I had such a need to subjugate space crustaceans!"
76561198019223345,Recommended,394510,23905917,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✠ Carl ✠,WOW !! great game !!!!!
,Recommended,394510,23915268,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,UnidentifiedPMA,killing teammates will never be this fun
,Recommended,394510,23592807,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jtbcool,Mission started someone deploys anti personel mines kills whole squadI wonder if democracy is sposed to feel like this
,Recommended,394510,23591684,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Blunderp,"Space-Age 'Murica sim 2k15, use violence to solve violence, use voilence to promote peace and use violence for the sake of violence."
76561198046741426,Recommended,394510,23597259,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Oba,"This game is so fun. On the surface it seems like an arcade game, but it's actually a very skill-oriented group co-op game. Friendly fire is on so not only do you have to constantly reposition yourself to take objectives & defend against the onslaught  of enemies, but you have to communicate well with your team to not end up in each other's line of fire. It requires a lot of teamwork, but is very rewarding. Lots of great different abilities & guns to choose from leading to a load of possibnle playstyles and group roles. One of the few games where public groups actually tend to use headsets - this makes the experience much better"
76561198064576859,Recommended,394510,23907108,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,StatiX [ZG] #Finally 16!,Good game
,Recommended,394510,23987490,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ball Of Hate,Super fun with friends! arlight by yourself
,Recommended,394510,23999404,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,madsny,"6.5/10when they say ""a star ship trooper feel"" they ain't kidding, Helldivers is tough, levels are hard and near to impossible doing solo, but this is actually one of Helldivers strong sides, it makes you want to do coop, the multiplayer part is easy to use and more important quick to jump into, not like GTA online, where you wait for minutes for something to happen, doing my play, the multiplayer have worked flawless, at times you didn't even notice it being there, it felt that fluid, which is a major accomplishment.in-game Graphics is Triple A quality, intros and cut-scenes is a tad' disappointment, but jumping into your first level, you immediately appreciate the developers decision of focusing on the in-game graphics, it's damn nice, heavy atmosphere, great displacement maps, top visual effects from assets, textures, particles, lightning to the characters footsteps, every little aspect have been given some love and care.sound is an absolutely bliss, highly action packed, rich and heavy, if the graphics didn't drag you in, the sound will, from the overlaying music to the tiny gun-clicks letting you know, when your ammo is low. Music, voice-over, gun and environmental effects are all adding to an even greater and more intense atmosphere.Helldivers is well balanced, fun as hell, fast paced so why not 10 out of 10, interface and controls is a mess, Helldivers is a fast paced game, in my opinion, the controls asks too much of the user, too often i found myself clicking wrong buttons or failing to execute my special abilities, which is not only frustrating but also in the way of properly enjoying the mechanics of the game, Helldivers is very unforgiving.In Helldivers you control your character via WASD and shoot with the mouse (PC, keyboard+mouse setup), this works okay, but the game fails to properly show on screen where your mouse is, include the slow rotation of your character and you find yourself, too often obliterating your teammates, while shooting in the opposite direction as expected, extremely frustrating to say the least.on top of all this, Helldivers uses a sequence system to call for special abilities, while the system works great for activating in-game objectives, it's in the way as a control scheme, i would much rather see the traditional rpg-style using keys 1,2,3,4... the controls in Helldivers are simply too over-engineered, luckily they could easily change this if they wanted ;).despite the controls there are a few other annoying issues with Helldivers.- the map is clumsy integrated, need overlay map and arrow pointing to next objective.- you can't skip dialogues, in the beginning there's a lot of them.- way to aggressive DLC scheme, the game is expensive enough as it is.- slow progression, grinding feel to it.- the end stats screen takes forever to count points and you can't skip it.Despite this, the game is solid fun, you absolutely feel the amount of work and dedication put into this game, but i am concerned about it's repetitive nature, already after 5-6 hours of play, i feel im doing the same over and over again, this may hurt the replay-ability, the game is easy to jump into, matching is fast, so it may end up on the ""i got 10 min for action packed fun"" shelf together with Broforce and infested planet.i sincerely hope to see expansions or a Helldivers 2 :)"
76561197971251434,Recommended,394510,24011485,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[MST] Zaphnod,"I love this game.  I love the tight gameplay, the team dynamics, the equipment, the setting.  It's a blast to play solo or with friends.  Ignore the haters, this game is worth the money."
,Recommended,394510,23851995,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pathfinder,"I can guarantee you, you won't stop laughing playing this. Well at least for me."
76561197994157798,Recommended,394510,23850642,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SlippyJunk,"Buy this game.  Don't think about it... just buy it.  No idea how this slipped past my radar earlier, but its a great game.  Anyone who remembers Smash TV will thoroughly enjoy this game.  Its basically Smash TV meets Starship Troopers meets Mech Warrior in both single and multiplayer co-op mode.  Tons of guns, tons of action, tons of horrific death.  Works great with an x-box controller."
76561198051521330,Recommended,394510,23880456,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,roflstompers,Great twinstick shooter that works well with both controller and k+m.  There's a battlestar galatcia kind of lore which is pretty amusing and the coop system works.  There can be a lot of grinding but most items are hidden behind missions rather than experience.
,Recommended,394510,23872671,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Laus,This is a really fun game until you figure out how to beat every mission on the hardest difficulty. You pretty much just never stop moving. You can actually solo the mission easier than doing it with a team so it kind of takes the fun out of it.
,Recommended,394510,23872975,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bacun,fantastic game.amazing with 3 friends.Hardest difficulty eventually is too ez though.Gets old after a couple weeks play.Worth the $ imo.
,Recommended,394510,23872428,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FragBot 4000000,"Question: Are you a fan of Democracy? Do you believe that humanity should reign supreme in the galaxy? Do you enjoy purging xeno filth?If you answered yes to any of these questions, Helldivers is the game for you! Enlist today!"
,Recommended,394510,24054697,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lady Alice Von Jiggletits,"I hate twin-stick shooters, but I love this game.Pick it up immediately and help spread managed democracy throughout the galaxy--if you don't, then you're what's wrong with this galaxy, you goddamn commie."
76561198136220786,Recommended,394510,24095972,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TallestJon96,"Helldivers is a unique game in a genre with not enough games to play.  Its solo, and really fun with friends.  I recommend it to anyone who is even a little interested.  There is a lot of variety, a lot to do, great online and offline multiplayer, fun weapons, and best of all friendly fire.  My only hesitation about recommending this game is that you should expect a somewhat difficult game.  You can play only the easy levels if it is too much for you, but there is more fun and enemy variety on the medium and hard levels.  Additionaally, you may feel like a lot of the cool stuff is locked behind DLC, which it kinda is, but for the price the base content is enough, and you can get all the DLC for a fair price in the bundle, plus when it goes on sale it is pretty cheap"
76561197992275615,Recommended,394510,24038886,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Reng0,great coop game and teamplay
,Recommended,394510,30810455,Posted: 29 March,all,Funky UserName,Great game and fun until all stratgems are unlocked. Would need more bosses and / or levels with more variety in objectives in order to offer fun above level 25 (about the moment where everything is unlocked).The only thing i really dislike is that all players have to be in the same camera. This often results in death and players blocking the screen to move on to the next objective.
,Recommended,394510,24031365,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,"Fun game, and super optimal game to have player drop in / drop out of, if you're at a party or have friends come over. BUTIt takes absolute ages to level up? The levels scale so damn quick, 10-11 takes about 3 times shorter than 16-17. Can't even imagine how long 49-50 takes.According to me 1-50 should take around 50 hours. But I imagine it'll take you around 500 hours, which is excessive.Otherwise, good game, good gameplay, good customization, skill and accordination is rewarding. Would recommend."
76561197980834629,Recommended,394510,24035352,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,uniqueloginname,"The most fun local coop experience around. It is everything the other reviews say it is. Very hard, and requires serious communication and team work."
,Recommended,394510,24033929,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pr0t3us,"Celebrate the 4th of July by spreading democracy throughout the galaxy!  Excellent game, and great tounge in cheek humor."
,Recommended,394510,24098387,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Коммунист,"*Throws out supply drop for bomb to destroy Bug Nest**Bomb gets destroyed in following fight with bug swarm**Other player throws out supply drop, I punch in code for a second bomb**Runs out towards the bug nest and throws bomb**gets crushed by other supply drop the instant bomb is thrown*10/10 Would get crushed by supply drop just nuke a bug nest*bomb is set and kills 2 of 4 players*0/10 dont recommend getting nuked"
,Recommended,394510,24099234,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Wolfwood,Friendly Fire Simulator10/10 would sacrifice friend again
76561197973358527,Recommended,394510,24871808,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lord_Gamork,Finish training.. ok pretty cool.Finish 1st op against the cyborgs solo.. damn that was fun!second op against the cyborgs a random drops in.. great i'll have a helping hand!... then another random drops in.. on my head!.. splat!10/10 would soften impact again.
,Recommended,394510,24872779,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Skeithwalker,"This game is fun if you're playing it with friends. Otherwise you'll get annoyed by random people that crush yourself because they're too dumb to place the reinforcements.Oh almost forget, Starship Troopers ripoff."
,Recommended,394510,24781745,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Purps™,"INCREDIBLE tactical hardcore co-op top-down shooter.A marked improvement from the Playstation version, which is a little awkward to play with analog sticks, the thing that makes HELLDIVERS really stand out as an excellent game is how every aspect of it seems to be designed to reward players for playing cooperatively and, conversely, punish players for being selfish. Communication is key and both your skill in twin-stick shooters and ability to play strategically is tested.I rate this game 4 out of 5 teamkills with drop pods."
,Recommended,394510,24766819,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Teddytusks,"Four player co-op which rewards positioning, load-outs and game plan. If you liked games like Alien Swarm [1] and work up to mods like Beyond Insane [2] then this just might be a game for you.[1]http://store.steampowered.com/app/630[2]https://steamcommunity.com/groups/asbi"
76561198015255417,Not Recommended,394510,21195676,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jean-Claude von Ramme,"NOT RECOMMENDABLEtoo many flaws in gameplay as a whole, especially controlls [console-standard....] and inflexible mission nature [both in regard to outline of mission and mission completion standarts...srsly, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mission management] and the physics in-game are a *bit* arbitrary as well...ever heard of newton?!? apparently not.ergo: incompetent development team serves community a compact compound of frustation.sadly, the *professional* developers wasted a LOT of potential, since some parts of the game are quite entertaining and worth a second look, but i cannot recommend the whole package, due to the mass of flaws, and there is no will apparent to improve from the side of the developers..."
,Recommended,394510,22441563,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,"Juke McJukerSon, Junior",This is a very good game.
76561197994521500,Recommended,394510,22438793,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,CakeofTruth,"Great game, very fun. Being a multiplayer game however, means that the community may become smaller as time passes, meaning less variety and interaction a long time after release. Don't know how many people are playing it these days."
76561198015994444,Recommended,394510,22869466,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Glitch,Alot of fun easy to pick up.
76561198007180084,Recommended,394510,22864505,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Oberon,"Very funny. Good cooperation with other many players and not limited to the ones who pay for extra packs.Very nice the idea of galactic campaign ad the ""spreading of democracy"""
,Recommended,394510,22875033,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,PerfectXtreme,Decent multiplayer COOP game.  Had fun playing this with local co-op over the weekend.  I wouldn't say this game has any lasting enjoyment as we got pretty bored after a few hours.
76561198074975239,Recommended,394510,22855859,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,tyediedeyes,sweet
,Recommended,394510,22892498,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,VioletGeek,Really fun coop. Especially with friends.Rewards for leveling is fair enough.But feds up kinda fast. Totally worth $30 though.
,Recommended,394510,22087148,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Random Outsider,Fun but some gamebreaking bugs.Unfortunately the developers are not too keen on fixing a matchmaking bug on a coop game.*May 6th 2016 Edit*Overall game was addictive and fun as I put in many hours in the beginning. Kudos to the devs for actually fixing the matchmaking bug - albeit rather slowly and a bit too late to save the community.Definitely worth the price and will keep an eye out for future games from these developers.
,Recommended,394510,20914193,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,GameOverPoi,One of the Best games Out there. If you dont agree.... TRY IT! :)
,Recommended,394510,20205263,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,elmz,"People do allege that the PC controls aren't good in this game. I disagree. It's similar to Diablo + Magicka and I think the Devs intended it to be like that for difficulty reasons. The only downside is that the connection does get ""lost"" at times when playing with friends and it's a known issue. Hopefully it's fixed in a patch or something.Aside from that, the game is great fun. The graphics are good, the effects (guns, mechs, etc.) are awesome. Friendly fire actually feels perfect in this game, and the death from above never gets old---solid 9/10."
,Recommended,394510,20247326,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Woolfe,Do you like using big guns?Do you like shooting bugs?Do you enjoy spreading democracy?Do you want to spread freedom?If you also love Starship Troopers you will enjoy this
76561198129650275,Recommended,394510,20269538,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"Bought game because it seemed very similar to Starship Troopers in sense of style and lore.  Literally the ONLY reason.  (Will update as I log more hours in)Day 1: Completed mission, waited for evac and was standing on pad.  Got crushed by evac shipDay 2: Played with friend and he called in a hellbomb.  I asked him if he was trying to be a hero and he responded, ""No sir!  Just came here to kill some bugs!"" and nuked himself to death.  I kicked him.Day 3: Tried to blow up ordanance and set up a few turrets.  Just as I was working on it, some stupid f'n bugs came my way and I got shot.  T_T10/10 *ahem* Would become an ape and live forever again.Pros:+ Graphically it's very pleasing and reminiscent of Diablo III and Magick and other modern top-view games (isometric?)+ aiming takes some time to get used to but it's definitely not a deal breaker+ All of the satire.  ALL OF THE SATIRE.+ Decomacracy+ Friends can join in with you on the same computer (better with two controllers though)Cons:- sprinting can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes but nothing major to complain over- Not much to say for now"
76561197962382354,Recommended,394510,20263758,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,theSovereign,"This game made me seriously consider buying a PS4 back in the day. Overall a very fun and fine game. Criticism on my part can be limited to the following points.1. The very restricted movement due to the small area covered by the camera. This is a central drawback of the chosen format to focus on local coop (but 20-30% more vision/room would have helped a lot).2. Overall mission-play can become repetitive. They fought of a lot of fun little objectives to do, but the objectives don't affect the general play on the map. If the objectives would have had an effect on the entire map, other objectives, enemies etc. it would have created a multitude of situations, instead of the now barebones 1.move to A 2.finish a QTE 3. move to B (repeat).3. Enemies sadly also fail to create fundamentally different experiences. Yes, a race might be focused on melee and another might have access to lots of heavy armor - but the Scout-mechanic (which is the most fundamental part of the game) works the same for all the races. Other factors of comparatively limited importance (mostly to which weapons or equipment is most effective). Also, spawning of enemies is sometimes weird and obvious.4. Prepare to suffer loss of motivation or boredom when you are out of the beginning phase of the game (and no longer are given new fun or weird equipment very fast) but are not yet good enough to play the difficult missions (especially when playing in a group).5. That some races are not available after defeated is ok - but that the corresponding unlocks are unavailable is BAD. It is a serious annoyance that overshadows all other factors of the global war. (Serious mistake from a game design perspective).Edit: 6. Forgot this point. Partially quite weird weapon balancing (mostly on the primary weapons). This wouldnt be that hard to fix but I don't expect them to work on this. Since it is a coop game it is annoying but not destructive to the experience.Consider these points, but also that it was on the most fun games for me in recent memory.Edit: I also gifted this game to multiple people out of principle. So take the above points in perspective :)"
,Recommended,394510,20298156,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ICTimez,"A utopian vision of the future, where the world is ruled by America. USA! USA! USA!"
76561198026814953,Recommended,394510,20285097,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Crackula,watched a my self and the whole team die when one person spawned. 10/10
76561198049112708,Recommended,394510,20370076,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hemorrhoid The Crippler,10/10 wouldnt play but you should play it.
,Recommended,394510,20374045,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[PUG-ER]Shagohad,Always drop a nuke before departing on the getaway shuttle.
,Recommended,394510,20354429,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GLIG,If you look for a good coop gamebuy this oneit's awesome
76561197982329286,Recommended,394510,20367781,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Wild Qwerty,"This is great fun to play, the mouse controls still needs a little work but there is a pretty good chance that will be fixed in the next patch. The match maker is bullocks and its hard to find a game at times, but once again they are actively working on this. It's still a good game, you should buy it."
76561198005079162,Recommended,394510,20366668,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Nezara,"Well well well, a hardcore objective based 4 player survival game where you and and a group of friends must fight for man kind?  This game certainly came out of nowwhere and in terms of enjoyment....is way up there.HellDivers is what I would call the love child of Alien Swarm and Magicka (I later found the Devs are the same guys who actually made magicka). This makes it an incredibly solid game in terms of actual gameplay, stratergy, required team work (and I mean REQUIRED) and enjoyment but also with the odd bit of frustrating humor as you call down the reinforcments you desperatly needed, only for them to land on you, causing instant death. The game is challenging, and seriously so on the harder levels, but like many great challenging games (Dark Souls) you are rewarded for learning how to play better and smarter.As you play, level up and try out different planets/missions/enviroments you unlock an assortment of abilities and weapons (some level from leveling up, others unlocked only through completing certain maps) which allows for some wonderful character customization in term of weapon and ability builds creating some uniquel play stratergies by each player in your team. while the weapons and abilities are diverse the player skins are not (only a small handful) so its not uncommon to accidently confuse yourself with another players character. however there is some customization in what parts of what clothing type you wear so....its not too bad.However....while there is customizeation in your character build, it is its not a vast amount and some abilities and weapons are outright better than others so...you will find high levels players are sharing variations of the same weapon or ability.While the gameplay is as solid and enjoyable as any 4 player coop game I could mention (Alien Swarm, Magicka, Left 4 Dead) the rest of the game.....is incredibly lack luster. There is minimal story and the NPC's that there are, are quite dull with none of the Magicka style humor in any intereaction.  Its like the Dev's stumbled onto the forumla for challenging and rewarding gameplay....but didnt know how or what to do building the rest of the game around it.  not a deal breaker, but an utterly bizzare occurance.While I praise this game.......The DLC for this game is absolutely despicable. You are not buying more content in the game, you are buying more power in the game. The DLC is Pay2Win type stuff and is weapon and vehicle packs only. Some packs including the odd weapon or vehicle that is simply outright better than the best gear you can normally find in the game (even at the highest levels). This is normally pretty bad in any type of game (looking at you Dead Space 2) but the fact that there is SO MUCH DLC. Its not even that each  individual pack includes amazing gear, There is only 2-3 packs (Ranger and Support Pack, maybe Demo Pack) at the most that are worth buying for the edge it gives you in terms of a particular weapon but the rest are fairly useless. The Ranger pack even includes an item to help you upgrade your gear significantly faster than you would be able to normally. not only is that pretty bad but the game itself is $20 and simply unlocking the other half of the weapons and vehciles is $24. its outragous.buy the game for the good game, but please, dont buy the DLC, dont support milking players for cash."
76561198056850087,Recommended,394510,20293598,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zorak,"You are the Dancing Queen, young and sweet, only seventeen♫spreading  democracy across the galaxy♫ ohhhhhhhh yeah♫10/10"
,Recommended,394510,20282727,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,StockishGSR,A very fun twin stick shooter that can be played in short bursts or for a long time with friends in multiplayer!
,Recommended,394510,20278981,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[Kekops] Lord Mesphito,"Fun concept, does me remind me of the alien games of team 17, but with a twist10/10 will splatter friends again"
76561198085449826,Recommended,394510,20281291,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,si_te_cojo_te_mojo,my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥loves it
,Recommended,394510,20281361,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Raesh  ҉,"Awesome game, give it a try if you like harcore 4 man co-op goodness."
,Recommended,394510,20313583,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DevvyBoy,fun co op shooter that you can play with your friends.
,Recommended,394510,20312978,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ViolentHavok,"FOR LIBER-TEA!!! - 10/10""Accidentally"" shooting my friends in the back, again - 10/10Lasers, bullets and enough explosions to make Michael Bay proud - priceless"
,Recommended,394510,20302421,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Yonderboy,Great design!  So much more challenging than it looks on the surface.   Fab with at least two players... can't wait to try four.
76561198088717160,Recommended,394510,20253625,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,InFamousRedNinja,"Great co-op game.Can just pick up four controllers and jump right in. It is quite challenging though, you are going to die, alot. Especially with some friendly fire.Game makes for some great times, great laughs, and a whole lot of fun.With the procedurally generated levels makes for replayability a 10/10."
76561198202583270,Recommended,394510,30629170,Posted: 19 March,all,Meta_Doge,"It's awesome game. I recommend playing with your friends together. Playing alone, it makes you really depressed, sick.It feels like kinda working at home.I wish Dev would make more DLCs,  I have seen this game for almost 2 years.Since then, Any DLC comes out. Think Dev give up developing.There are so many possibilities. Vanity stuff(Decorating my space ship), Town, New boss etc.So please, Don't give up this game. I really really love it."
,Recommended,394510,20953242,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jet Wong,"It takes what made Magicka great and combines it with what ""Colonial Marines"" *should* have been. It's the perfect coop experience, and the best twin-stick shooter I've ever played."
,Recommended,394510,20950416,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zakail,"Probably the best twin stick shooter I have ever played. Much more tactical and strategic than most of this genre, but still has that obvious touch of the devs who made Magicka with their hilarious team-killing madness. A perfect mix of thoughtful planning, smart kit building, and insane bouts of combat that blow all of your hardwork to hell and make you laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off the whole time.QUIT STANDING AROUND AND COME HELP BRING SOME DEMOCRACY TO THE GALAXY"
76561198029735186,Recommended,394510,20949979,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,stone,FREEDOM AF
,Recommended,394510,20940583,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,cringelord67,this is a nice game :^)
,Recommended,394510,20961026,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Walker,only you can spread democracy
76561197996858795,Recommended,394510,20964258,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,birdis0n,Very nice coop game!
,Recommended,394510,20926222,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DONKAGE!,"Helldivers is a pretty good game, honestly. It feels fair - albeit unforgiving - most of the time. You'll laugh, cry, and swear your♥♥♥♥♥off with your friends and random players alike. With team damage always on and a horde of bugs chasing you down, times are rough and an interesting situation is sure to arise!Helldivers is polished, neat, and above all else FINISHED. It's a fairly original concept that feels fresh and exciting. It has interesting mechanics and a huge amount of customization.The game is not really ""gated"" by dlc, per se - but you'll definitely want the stratagems and abilities they bring. That being said, though, the game is more than playable without the dlc content. The dlc more-or-less just allows a single player a bit more freedom in the types of missions they can take, such as the use of satchel charges versus a rocket launcher with a co-op reload mechanics for example.One of the coolest parts about Helldivers, (Aside from the small price tag.) is that everybody who plays contributes towards the galactic campaign of Super Earth - your homeplanet - to conquer alien planets which inhabit three distinct races, all of whom want to expand and take over Super Earth. You genuinely feel as if you're part of something bigger when you play Helldivers, and get the feeling of being one soldier among many.Overall I think Helldivers deserves a cool 8.5/10. Sure it's fun and original, but sometimes the game begins to feel stale when you get good enough to solo the hardest difficulty without even being spotted once. The limited number of randomized objectives really becomes apparent when you have ten or eleven objectives on a single randomized map."
,Recommended,394510,20928015,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DisasterMonk,Pretty damn fun.
76561198072082032,Recommended,394510,20944682,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Fru-Fru,Warhammer40k for kindergarden
,Recommended,394510,20945052,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sparky,What Destiny promised to beBut better
,Recommended,394510,20947516,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Arki4,Best Co-op game EVER!!!!
76561198267762682,Recommended,394510,20945261,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Pine-Neeple,"This game is awesome. One part that is a little challenging is the friendly fire; I usually get killed when a new player joins the game because I don't pay attention where they landed on. Easy to learn, hard to master. I bought the deluxe version, but I felt like it's unnecessary. Some DLCs are utter fart; I kinda regret buying the deluxe version. This game itself is already fun without the DLCs, although some DLCs like vehicle pack, support pack, and terrain specialist are pretty awesome to me. I don't find it hard to find players to play with either. Overall, I would give this game 8 out of 5."
,Recommended,394510,20938282,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Yo! Sushi,Amazing game with that is very challenging
,Recommended,394510,20941832,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Valko,Extremely cool and fun game. It is the perfect game to play with friends on the couch or online. I think it is the best local 4 player co op game for PC. definitely buy this game.
,Recommended,394510,20939673,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,EsteemPunk,"Pros:-Democracy-Giant space bugs-Illuminati-Lifting cyborgs-SUPER EARTHCons:-Not for casualsSeriously, I loved this game on PS4, but the community died quick. Seems to still be going strong so far on Pc, and the community is mostly great. Hard missions with three other players are fun but very tense, and the stratagems add both challenge and reward if used correctly.On sale, it's worth it if you can handle the challenge."
76561198070074920,Recommended,394510,20937176,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Cuntring,10/10 Starship Trooper'sDAY 1 with mate call mini gun turrets saying how eazy this game is.DAY 2 Mechs for days lol
76561197983083655,Recommended,394510,20504637,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,This is Rob,Would you like to know more?
76561198094045294,Recommended,394510,20500395,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jules Winnfield,Lot's of fun.  Highly recommend.
76561198118238132,Recommended,394510,20500552,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Mass,"Fun to play, especially with a party of 4. Easily able to be repetetive however. Still worth playing, but not for a long time( no more than an hournor two). REally crative and the push for realism for this style of game is amazing, and the stratagems  can be pretty epic at times too. The art is nice, is enjoyable to look at. Persistance of certain enemies can be annoying, especially the illuminate scouts? that shoot the laser beams that one shot. Really irritating after a while. bringing in more enemy types on easier missions would be nice, and getting spotted by enemies off camera is annoying too. Wars are won pretty quickly too. ive never seen a war directly from the start. Community support howver makes the gameplay more interesting as good performance assists everyone.overall definitely worht playing, especailly with friends. 7/10"
,Recommended,394510,20499748,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,VertiBRO,"For a MOBA, I don’t hate it. It is strongly recommend you play it with friends since the game was made for coop. It can be a good amount of fun with everyone on a VOIP program trying, and failing, to complete a very difficult level. Although, it can be extremely frustrating after a few hours with or without friends. The amount of DLC is somewhat over bearing and some of it is useless; for example the pistol pack is not worth buying since it replaces equipment that is far more useful. Though you can buy just about every bit of DLC right now and the game for a reasonable price of about $40USD; which I think the game is worth."
,Recommended,394510,20516944,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,xcption,"If you don't like this game, you obviously hate freedom."
76561198064192734,Not Recommended,394510,20517072,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Scriv,"Helldivers is a game with a great concept and very fluid, well-executed mechanics. Your first jumps really make you feel like a badass, and the emphasis on teamwork to pull you through incredibly hectic missions is just awesome. The weapons feel great to use, the methods to accomplish objectives feel very interactive and hectic as you're being assaulted on all sides, the stealth mechanic in eliminating enemy patrols before they can sound an alarm gives you good variance to how missions can go. The shared galactic campaign is pretty neat too, with all players' efforts in various helldives resulting in points toward campaign objective completion (rewarded more influence in the campaign for harder dives than easier ones).The only thing that really holds back this game on PC right now -- and it really does -- is the matchmaking. It is utterly atrocious. Sometimes you'll only see 2 games to join in the matchmaking list (even if you don't have a planet selected and it should include everyone from your region). Most of the time you won't be able to join on anybody you select -- at least it has been true for me that connections to the great majority of games in the matchmaking list fail, and I often spend just as much time trying to get into a squad with someone as I do actually playing. Not to mention that you can often drop connections right after missions are complete so you don't remain in multiplayer for the next mission either and have to find a NEW squad to join in on. No other game I play comes close to networking and matchmaking problems this poor. When it does work, it's -- again -- pretty great. This is a really neat game, and I was close to recommending it anyway, but even at $20 I just cannot honestly recommend it until the horrific matchmaking issues are completely solved."
,Recommended,394510,20518744,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Drizzt Do'urden,Addictive and super-fun!
76561198079436548,Recommended,394510,20324941,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fraustratedcheese,-Imagine me and 3 other players-Just unloked apc-Call it in for the first time and without realizing it call in something on top of it-Blows up just after it comes-Me NNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO-Another players calls in better apc1000/10 learned a lesson about calling veichels
,Recommended,394510,20325107,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MisterGee,"Best top down shooter there is.Every time you think.. i wish it did this or that, you find out it does. Very polished and all round awesome.Get the version with all the DLC (you will regret it later), and use your first few ""research points"" to max out the UAV drone - which will show you where all the research samples are on each level, and get you more very quickly.If you even like the sound of this, buy it. Great single player game, but a party when played with friends and others online.I can't imagine a topdown shooter being better than this, and from the team that did Magica, so you know it will be great10/10 every time  - make sure you prioritise the creatures that raise the alarm, once you do this it stops being quite so chaotic"
,Recommended,394510,20348152,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Scylds,"1st hour impression. this Helldivers is so fun especially if u co-op with ur friends. Graphic well polished with cartooni'sh style and game mechanic really easy understand.the good partof this game is ur character is multirole class. u can pick any weapon or perk in ur armory without class boundary (sometimes u can be ranger, demolisher, pilot, etc).the bad partis this game is bit repetitive. all u do is doing same task over and over again. just moving in different maps. if u start a mission alone. i doubt u not bored with doing same task many times. to avoid this just play with ur friends. and if u are veteran player in game with same style e,g red solstice. this game is way too simpleconclusion: even not in sale this game totally worth to buy. but DLC prices is too high prices. trust me even u just buy standar edition. u can search any weapon or perk in game by complete mission. so just avoid full prices DLC"
,Recommended,394510,20514796,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,chiknn,"A game aboutDemocracy,Liberty, andFreedom"
,Recommended,394510,20510685,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,TS|WillisPrime,"Super fun game with great squad mechanics. Its crazy addicting and i look forward to playing it for hunfdreds of hours. IF you love Alien Swarm yopu will love this.Ps. Valve, please make more Alien Swarm"
,Recommended,394510,20528873,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TacticalTruth,"Helldivers: Smells like… FreedomOh man, oh man, oh man. Helldivers. There is so much I could say about this game I don’t even know where to start!I guess I should start by saying, this game has a LOT going for it! Like being made by the duders that made Magicka! A wonderfully fun, and funny, game that I love. And the Showdown Effect, another great game I love. Arrowhead has a great track record of really good games.Helldivers also has a great Sci-fi setting, which I am super fond of. Better yet, it pokes fun at the classics, like Starship Troopers ( and in some ways Warhammer, StarCraft, etc.) which the devs has cited as a large inspiration. According to Reddit, anyway. Also it has a wonderful sense of humor, just like the previous Arrowhead games. And, and get this: it’s really, really, well made incredibly fun and rewarding! Triple threat!At the time of writing I started playing this game a week ago… Look at my playtime… Yeah.Now, what is Helldivers? Well I’m glad you asked!… Or that I posed the question? Anyway, Helldivers is a top down twin-stick shooter that has you playing as the titular Helldivers. A group of ‘elite’ soldiers sent in from orbit behind enemy lines to shuck fit up.You do this by dropping in from orbit via hellpods. Think Space paratroopers ala the ODST, Starship Troopers, Imperial Stormtroopers, Space Marines or whatever your favorite Sci-Fi equivalent is. And then you go and perform various objectives around the procedurally generated maps on planet.Sounds easy right? Heh… well, about that. This game is hard. Like… it can give you a headache hard.Especially if you’re playing with Randoms who have no regard for advanced military tactics such as basic teamwork. But there are some really good players out there! And the game is brand-spankin’ new, so the community is still pretty tight knit. So that’s good, but this game really shines with a buddy. Especially in a local co-op setting. Some of the funniest moments in Helldivers are when your mech falls from orbit and unexpectedly lands on your friend splattering them into a greasy puddle of barely masked anger and disappointment..There is a brief moment of shock as the red mist settles… “crap, sorry.”My friend and I played fifteen hours of Helldivers over the weekend. It was one of the best gaming experiences I’ve had in years.Anyway accidental friend manslaughter aside, the game has twelve mission types which are variations on “Go here and: protect this thing, blow this thing up, move this thing, escort these things, reactivate these things, kill this thing etc.” They are rather similar, but they have enough variety to not become same-y. Which is great. The really nice thing is that the maps are all procedurally generated, so even if they have the same feel, they’re never the same. And each mission will have up to something like seven objectives to complete depending on the difficulty, so there’s never not something to do!And there are also two different types of missions! There are the normal drops, and then ‘retaliatory strikes’. Where you are fighting waves of enemies in a smaller arena like map.And they’re incredibly hard… Truthfully… They’re a major ♥♥♥♥♥.Now, as well as having tons of content to do. Helldivers also has a persistent campaign!Every time you perform a successful drop you add influence to the galactic war. Which is a three front war against the enemies of Super Earth, and Managed Democracy. Each front consists of a number of ‘systems’ with planets that need to be liberated. This is your job, and the payoff of successful drops being that you take the system and advance towards a specific enemy’s homeworld.Currently, in war 12, we are on the doorstep of each of the three enemy factions. The Cyborg, a faction of… cyborgs. Think the Strogg from quake! As well as the Bugs, big♥♥♥♥♥unholy space lobsters bent on eating your squishy parts. They’re the bugs from Starship Troopers, and the Tyranid rolled into a nice neat package. And then there’s the Illumanite. Ancient Aliens who can teleport, have powerful shields, and mind altering abilities.Each faction feels different, and have their sets of strengths and weaknesses. Personally I love fighting the Cyborgs. They’re really fun and their units have lots of heavy armor, meaning Anti-Tank is a high priority. The bugs are hard to kill and swarm you in seconds. Bug Spray recommended. And the Illuminate can be invisible, attack with snipers, and teleport.Odds are you will die. A lot. Like… A lot…And that’s one of the reasons this game is so wonderful. When you overcome the enemy and find a strategy that works it’s incredibly rewarding. Every successful mission is met with high-fives and fist pumps.The wonderful feeling that running through a difficult mission gives is nigh addicting… Calling in mechs, tanks, rockets, artillery, frantically shooting enemies, reviving comrades, working together as a cohesive unit… It’s great.**Basic teamwork skills required.There is a wonderful amount of stuff in Helldivers, plenty of weapons, lots of different ways to rain death upon your foes, and some sick cape physics, yo.And, get this, it’s only $19.99.Helldivers is totally worth the price. I would recommend it to anyone who likes challenging multiplayer games, and has a Sci-Fi bent. Plus Arrowhead is awesome and deserve the support. This amazing game was made by a team of 10 – 12! That’s super cool!But, my gushing aside; This game is good. Like… If I had played it more in 2015 it would be my GOTY.I’ve never played a game and thought “Yeah, I want to buy all of your DLC… I’m going to buy all of the DLC.”And I did.Like this review? Check out100hoursave.comfor more."
,Recommended,394510,20529264,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rip,a better 40k game than most 40k gamesjust replace THE EMPEROR with DIPLOMACY and you've got it
76561198035723097,Recommended,394510,20546419,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DrunkenDingo,Shot in the back by my teammate then had my head eaten by a dog while waiting for a lift off planet. 10/10 would get vengence at a later date again.
76561198031833081,Recommended,394510,20567302,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,deathbombbob,yarrrrr
76561198111560263,Recommended,394510,20564666,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Catscratch,Got killed by ammo drop 10/10
,Recommended,394510,20522234,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ray P. Daddy,It's a whole lot of fun.Magicka meets Starship troopers.Do your part for super-earth.
76561197976204980,Recommended,394510,19816670,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Damian_Alpha,"Bringing together the gameplay of Alien Swarm, the environment of Starship Troopers, and all the fun do-dads and tech upgrades you could hope for when outnumbered by alien forces.Would you like to know more?Guns.   Check.Big guns.  Check.Laser guns.   Check.Rockets.  Check.Mechs.   Check.Tanks.   Check.Turrets.  Check.Ready those beacons, boys."
76561198106321287,Recommended,394510,28211360,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,♥Chili Boy ♥,such good much nice 12/10 would play again!
76561197972355967,Recommended,394510,28222435,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Rune Scorpio,"Surprisingly good birds eye view arcade co-op shooter. Forced to work together as the visibble area of the map is shared between all the hosts, and people cannot run off alone."
,Recommended,394510,28169785,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Orkayd,I haven´t had much fun with a game in a while! This game is amazing!
,Recommended,394510,28186339,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,blesa,i have been playing helldivers for 63 hours and i have been having a lot of fun with it you can play the game with friends for alone with other players and it will be fun even if you failoh and friendly fire is a thing so it will have you look befor you shoot
76561198041107048,Recommended,394510,28663827,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dreineus,Good
,Not Recommended,394510,21044343,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Peanits,"Good co-op game, plenty of options and ways to customize your loadout. Plenty of friendly fire to go around, not just from your teammates, but also the things you deploy. If you deploy a turret, it can crush you as it lands, or shoot the hell out of you once it does.It's pretty buggy, though. Cyborg tanks will sometimes spawn on screen (sometimes wedged in rocks too) and instantly sound the alarm. Sometimes you lose all control of your character. Sometimes the camera decides to take the day off and go for a walk without you. Sometimes your strategems will decide the nice open field you deployed them in isn't clear enough, and instead decide to deploy on top of you instead.And then there's just some poor design choices, like when an enemy tank spawns right next to the objective and drives onto it, instantly destroying the objective before you could possibly do anything about it. Or the way enemies off screen can sound the alarm before you can see them. Or the way the UAV and all-terain boots (arguably two of the most useful pieces of gear in the game) are locked behind DLC.But in the end, it's fun. It will probably infuriate you every now and then because of how buggy it is, but it's fun nonetheless.UPDATE: The above still stands, but be warned, there is a very, very poorly designed system that could make the game terrible periodically. Basically there's a war system, and if you want to play near the end of the war, you're pretty much locked into only a few levels with no rewards. It's awful. If you just want to play the game and unlock some gear, it's literally impossible. You just have to sit it out and wait for the war to end. I tried to show this game to someone only to find myself in this situation, so we just closed the game and put it on the shelf for a couple days because we could not play the game."
76561198047245489,Recommended,394510,29278484,Posted: 15 January,all,Lumpusz,"Excellent game, ever aince I bought it, I have been working hard to liberate all those poor fellas in the surrounding sectors. Gameplay is nice, there is sufficient variety, and upgrades too."
,Recommended,394510,29269832,Posted: 15 January,all,diablocen,fun game by killing teamate
,Recommended,394510,30398969,Posted: 8 March,all,InSaNiTy,good game to play with friends
,Recommended,394510,29481695,Posted: 25 January,all,Shadeball,"Helldivers does a lot of things right and a few things very annoyingly wrong. It's a fun, chaotic top-down RT shooter with gobs of different equipment that allows for different playstyles. It has three types of enemies that feel nicely distinct from each other, rewarding different tactics and loadouts. The player shouts are great and very in-line with the atmosphere of the game, which ventures heavily into Starship Troopers type territory. The weapons are also very different from one another with good feedback and sounds.The game can be played with up to 4 people, and loudouts are designed to make that possible. The team can take an APC and roll across the map with all 4 protected to get to the objective or can instead bring lighter weapons and try to use stealth by taking out sentries early. There's an interesting campaign structure that takes into account everyone playing the game and can be 'won' or 'lost' regardless of individual contributions.There are some problems, however. First, there is no real option to disconnect from the 'global' campaign either to play solo or with friends. That means if the campaign has progressed to a point where there is only one enemy left out of the three, you have no choice or variety anymore. You're stuck killing bugs or cyborgs or (shudder) illuminati until things change- and you can do very little to effect the broad campaign. The game will work 'offline' but you will be stuck with things as they were when you last went online.'Retaliation' missions are also stupidly difficult in solo (and for that matter are pretty ♥♥♥♥ing stupid in general). In solo play pause should also be available- no reason not to have it. There is no need to spend time programming bots for solo play but some more thought could have been given to single-player, especially in the campaign mechanics. It's idiotic that cyoborg tanks can spawn basically right on top of you in single player and renders any tactics up to that point basically useless.To add insult to injury, if you die and respawn in single player you start right where you died- IE where there are a dozen heavy enemies ready to kill you and you probably don't have all your weapons. Weapon selection is terribly awkward and slow- VERY bad on this point and it feels so cheap when you get killed because your stupid marine doesn't switch weapons. I'm also not entirely convinced the campaign mode won't get screwed up when the player base shrinks enough.Additionally, there is the 'screen' issue. When playing multiplayer, everyone has to stay on the same screen. If people don't move together, no one can move- and no one can see past their nose. This forces teamwork but doesn't work well in a game where you have scouts you have to take out from a long distance. You'll find that a lot of fans of the game freak the hell out whenever anyone mentions this but it's an ugly mechanic, and it just sucks. Imagine the strategies and choices that could be implemented without it- and if that isn't desired, the screen should have at least some elasticity; maybe just half the screen-width. As it is, the devs have said they want it this way so they're not changing it. That doesn't negate criticism.This isn't a huge negative but a lot of the strategems feel redundant and make for a huge money sink in terms of research. The grind in the game- for research points and unlocks in general- is also a bit much.I like Helldivers and am going to continue to play it and I recommend it to people who want a good co-op game and especially like the style. I'd suggest watching a let's play or something to get an idea of how it goes. Don't buy it for solo play, it's a waste of time.Note: Played the game with friends for the most part (no randoms) with some solo play as well and all the DLC available at the time of review."
76561198327036035,Recommended,394510,30433452,Posted: 10 March,all,Avid Dattenborough,Be a starship trooper!
,Recommended,394510,30428738,Posted: 10 March,all,Happy Humble Hermit,Best multiplayer top down shooter on the market.
76561198186907175,Recommended,394510,30447719,Posted: 11 March,all,Marl3ysKushTree,"Very much recomend this grame so much fun. this game as mae me new friends and is one of the most amazing games ive played, the negitive reviews are just dumb... dont listen buy this game its amazing. the negitiveves are dumd they dont know what a rwal games is they the dumbasses of the world XD"
76561198067534121,Not Recommended,394510,21352767,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,spezialmaterial,"I dont recommend this game. Why? Because its dead. There has been no update since last year, and sony doesnt gives a **** about it. The game itself is fun. But not fun enough for 20 bucks."
,Recommended,394510,23149202,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gundam194,"This game is a freaking blast. It's a remarkably deep twin-stick shooter with lots of different weapons, abilities and enemy types. It requies strategy, cooperation and situational awareness. It also has a ridiculously satisfying gameplay mechanic that involves pressing a series of directional buttons to activate special abilities in the heat of combat.On top of all that, the campaign is an on-going community driven experience. In what amounts to a massive game of tug-of-war, three separate enemy factions push towards the human capital of Super Earth (dumb I know) while the Helldivers push back towards enemy home worlds. The community itself is helpful and friendly. There are enough players in matchmaking that you do not need to assemble your own team of four, which makes everything so much easier.That said, this game is best enjoyed with good company. Holding off a horde of cyborgs at the extraction point with four friends is exciting as hell.HELLDIVERS is difficult but also fair and fun. Get it."
,Recommended,394510,23109737,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Admin,Awesome game. So much TKs and BS sometimes but overall 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,394510,23502997,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Enigma,"I don't usually enjoy games that make you rage with frustration because of how tough it is, but I thoroughly enjoyed this. The satisfaction you get from beating all 3 factions on Helldive-12 difficulty solo is great.One downside though, if you don't have friends to play it with, it becomes very boring very fast once you've finished everything in the space of 20 hours."
76561198055401825,Recommended,394510,28424189,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tripleagent,"This game was created by Steve Buscemi in his workshop, hidden somewhere in the cosmos, to teach people how to make a good game."
76561198022288553,Recommended,394510,22617863,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Atulka,Love it! Must have couch coop game.
76561198029853361,Recommended,394510,23483551,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[BB] Magus,Fun ARPG with futuristic setting. Very challenging and entertaining.
76561198058664687,Recommended,394510,21982924,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,LeMarquiszsz,10 seconds to extraction...deployed thunderer barrage on extraction point.10/10would try orbital laser on the very same situation next time.
76561198021236972,Recommended,394510,19709788,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Spear & Shield,launch the gamejoin a gamecrush teammate's mech and other 2 teammatesface a horde of bugs by myselfdropped the reinforcement beacon while crushed by giant bugrevived all teammates including myself10/10 will crush teammate again
,Recommended,394510,22212996,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Me†ric,Very fun. It's like Alien Swarm and Magicka had a child.
,Recommended,394510,22211916,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Luckydog22,This game is an obvious multiplayer game. By your self you might be able to play up to a meduium difficulty but it is deffently more rewording with more people. With the addition of local co-op and online joining in public matches this game is a blast. It even makes buying the dlcs worth the money. If you want a good fun topdown shooter this game has it
76561198001027296,Recommended,394510,22209826,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Smuggly,"Great game, one of the best co-op games I have ever palyed. Well worth a buy."
76561198144504089,Recommended,394510,21783794,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Imperial Cadian Karskin Officer,AWESOME GAME WITH HONEST TRAILER AND AMAZING GAMEPLAYEXPERIENCE.WITH LOTS OF WEAPONS GAMEPLAY ZONES AND TACTICS AND A FANTASIC MAP.GREAT OBJECTIVES AND SUPER GAMEPLAY ACTION.
,Recommended,394510,22227910,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jolteon,starcraft 2 vibe and alien swarm like alien swarm is easy starcraft2 is hard and this is medium
,Recommended,394510,22228756,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,WombRaider,Great game for team-players. Amazing fast pced shooter for all your stress relieving needs.
76561198274121477,Recommended,394510,22222163,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,USMCBody,"It is a simple and fun game.  Do whish there was more to it, but  it is just straight fun to play"
,Recommended,394510,22169802,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,honque,The perfect cooperative game
,Recommended,394510,22173481,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,special eyes,I call in MG turretTeammate calls in tesla coilTesla coil zaps my turret to death10/10 would call in more Super Earth Super lacking in IFF automated defenses again.
76561197994446322,Recommended,394510,22173968,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Compiler,"Finally, smash TV in space."
76561198010088665,Recommended,394510,22150138,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Chillin' Buddha,Service guarantees citizenship!
76561198135426657,Recommended,394510,21928962,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,JerryLarrry,This game is pretty amazing10/10Game is worth its value
,Recommended,394510,21976926,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Aquillius,"Remember that little F2P UDK demo called Alien Swarm that kinda floated around on Steam a few years back? Well, what if someone had taken that idea a little further.Well, you'd probably end up with something like HELLDIVERS.Procedurally generated stages with easy on-the-fly matchmaking and a variety of enemy types and terrain modifiers make it challenge both strategically and tactically. Your choice of load-out is as important as the skills you have on the ground.This game is a console port. You can tell by the localized controls for PC. And the story is campier than a national lampoon marathon, but it is campy, brainless, twin-stick-shooting fun, and well worth the admission fee.So what do you say, Roughneck? You wanna live forever?"
,Recommended,394510,21958768,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Raynola,d
76561198123914347,Recommended,394510,21950969,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Croustibat,Get only airstrikes and troll your friends 10/10
,Not Recommended,394510,21239044,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Roadhog,"I had a possitive review about this game and I've been playing a lot, but there is a bug where you can only see 1-2 games in matchmaking and if you play alone, NO ONE ever joins your game. It was fixed but now again is not working. It really gets annoying. Dont waste your time or money."
,Recommended,394510,22268415,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Guerra,"The game is absolutely brilliant, however, there is no ""end-game""...or from another prespective, you reach the end game too soon.After you reach level 22-25 there ain't much left doing in the game...you just keep on using the same guns/stratagems in the same planets/missions over an over...Dont get me wrong, it is an EXCELLENT game with zero bugs and very well thought... I just wish I could play more hours with the same crazy enthusiasm I played the first 10-15H."
76561198001221838,Recommended,394510,22558012,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,jash,"This is a good game, but it has two problems:1) Because of the 'war' system, not all the content is available at all times. I spent the first 60-70 hours with only two of the three species avalable. We had to wait about three weeks before we finally lost the war and the third species became available. It was irritating primarily because some unlocks are species specific.2) After 40ish hours, the game becomes stale. At that point, you've seen everything (if all the species are available). Maybe you haven't quite beat every challenge, but there's only variations on what you've already seen.Overall, I'd recommend it highly. The amount of enjoyment is good at the price point."
76561198070527471,Recommended,394510,20242247,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LordViper,love this game.
,Recommended,394510,20334248,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Masamune113,I like the game and i dont mind playing with random people but I would like to play with my friends longer then 5-10 mins before we get removed from the game. once that fixed i cant see me not playing
76561198027135711,Recommended,394510,20337752,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jeve Stobs,"Came for the Liber-tea. Stayed for the War in Iraq jokes.Actually, stayed because its immensely satisfying to drop and ammo crate down on my friend's head."
,Recommended,394510,20336622,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Nikolp,I have nothing bad to say about this game. Its Magicka mixed with Alien Swarm.
,Recommended,394510,20330116,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lul Three Dee,"Spawn in landing on a fellow helldiver, instantly killing them.Clear some enemies and call in reinforcements from my 3 other comrades.They land on top of me, instantly killing me.10/10"
,Recommended,394510,20316454,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chettone,"Great Game!  Even if you dont play it with your friends the game is really fun with strangers. Pure instant action and fun.The negative reviews complaining about its price are outdated. I payed for the game alone, and after a few days decided to buy the DLC bundle. Most players have payed for the DLC, so its quite worth your money :)I would only ask for a matchmaking system, but the filter options on the online menu are just fine."
,Recommended,394510,20327854,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sgt. ヴァルヂオス,"I loved it on ps, soo I gave it a go on pc. It's cool 'n' all, but the consant crashes makes me fckin' fed up with it.Still, it's a great game, and if ur not as unlucky as me. Buy it, you wont regret it. :)"
76561198004063090,Recommended,394510,20605725,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Nemesis,Perfect game if you are a co-op gamer. This kinda game should be an example of what a good co-op game should be like. Strongly recommend it. Enjoy!
76561198041413613,Recommended,394510,20614517,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,the wilsonator 5000,a great casual game but u can also play it hard core
76561198047963518,Recommended,394510,20597581,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ball Touches,"Very fun coop game, good value for $20 you get your moneys worth. best played with friends but playing with randoms is usually a good experience as well."
,Recommended,394510,20608109,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ni-Bo,"Great game for Lolz and for some hardcore gaming sessions, the mechanics are consistent and reliable, it's a well envisioned game; taking a simple twin stick shooter format and turning it into a fully fledged game.The online community is good and its reallty easy to get into another game with other people, made tonns of friends already."
,Recommended,394510,20642940,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mr Corey,"Trust no one, even your ""teammate's"". Couldn't recommend this game enough. Though I wasn't going to like this game when I first bought it but, boy oh boy did my opinion changed after the first 1h..."
,Recommended,394510,20316928,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Aruz,"Very fun twin-stick shooter. A blast with friends, especially when you're communicating and coordinating and just blasting through planets. Playing with strangers is fun too, and incredibly easy to do. Levels and missions are randomized all the time so at some point the game will get repetitive, but it's still pretty fun doing the missions and the difficulty scales well. There's plenty of strategy and skill involved, overall I'd say this game is definitely worth picking up. Be wary of friendly fire though, it can be a huge problem if you're not careful."
76561197972658084,Recommended,394510,20193072,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,America's War Boner,"Everybody fights, no one quits. If you don't do your job, I'll kill you myself!"
76561198003523398,Recommended,394510,20203696,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Glowshadow,"In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only LIBERTY....I mean, there's also war. And unprovoked violence. And abject oppression of extra-terrestrial species. But thanks to the ongoing efforts of Super Earth's propaganda engine, all of these nuanced concepts have been unified under the same heading.10/10Would liberate the galaxy again."
,Recommended,394510,20208816,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Alex_L_Shield,"I like it,I think it is good to work with other players during the game. And it could be better to offer players more DLCsbecause sometimes it is boring to just repeat the missions."
76561198066263371,Recommended,394510,20211318,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,loonaticarmy,"helldivers the game where calling for back up can get you killedhelldive has allways on 100% friendly fireif you ally shoots you you die :(if they throw a nad at you, you die :'(if they walk over you in a meck, you die >:(if they call an ammo drop in next to you, you may diethe game is fun high passes with a selection of ways for the situation to spiral out of control (most of wich is the blody cyborg dogs hate those things)its top down so graphics arnt much but it dosn't mater as the game play will keep you going for hours (litraly high difuclty games can take up to an hour to complete)with intresting machanics as taking cover to protect from nukes and being spoted to turnning a 4second reload for a rockit launcher to a split second by having your ally reload it for youthere are a couple of dlc which ad some op items and couple of usless itemsthe game has 12 dificulty levels so its a good and stady learning curveover all i played this with my friend and we are still shooting each other 19 levels later (talking about you reaper stepping on me with ya dam meck)"
,Recommended,394510,20740502,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Pajeet the Traveling Merchant,"OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS GAME. This game is so much fun to play with other people and or friends. When I first got this game I had no one to play with and just starting out so no one would join me because I was on the earlier levels so I left the game behind to play other games. I decide thursday to try the game again and oh my god I love it. I started playing the harder levels and people were joining me so it was not as hard but it still had some challenge. I would be having a blast mauling enimies with teamates and laugh whenever something funny happens like a teamate getting crushed be their own ordinance drop. I do realy like the graphic style of this game, it is realing nice looking and pleasant on the eyes. All the gamplay mechanics are really polished and fun. The only gripe I have is that you may want a controller to play this game because it is hard getting used to the keyboard controls, and P.S I am not a console peasant, and I am part of PC master race. I really do like the way you unlock new items, weapons, armor, and vehicles. You can then use those items to make loadouts that suit your playstyle which is fun. So overall I will rate this game 9/10."
,Recommended,394510,20740882,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Jnuttengr,"Alien swarm meets starship troopers.fun, hard, addictive.Full auto friendly fire democracy simulator.10/10"
,Recommended,394510,20718332,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Moose,If you want be a Starship Trooper you want to be a Helldiver.
76561198055832869,Recommended,394510,20016280,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,freddiez,"A fantastic game that makes you feel like the creators really took their inspirations from star ship troopers and used them for the best. The game has nice tight controls, challenging combat and loads of interesting and fun ways to play through missions either solo or with a sqaud of fellow divers. The only complaint I can make is that gun balance is tipped way out of favor for certain weapons (the sniper rifle and chargable arc thrower). A solid 9/10 from me"
,Recommended,394510,20045565,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mad Sweeney,Glory to the Imperium of Man!
76561197971646237,Recommended,394510,20041826,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Maci*,"Random person with (RU) in his name joined my game, i switched to my pistol.Shoot him in the face, then kicked him out.10/10 would do it again"
76561198259654851,Recommended,394510,20040435,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Stepman123456789,"great game.abit to much lag on PC, nedds optimization"
76561198192200333,Recommended,394510,20040531,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SoulManatee,Funnest game I've played in a long time! Definitely worth the $20! Very intriguing and challenging! Buy at all costs!!!
76561198055128575,Recommended,394510,20030408,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Splatter,"This game is so much fun.I was a bit saddened that the screen is locked but can appreciate this is to foster co-op play - you do need to co-op.Well worth the money.I really hope we get a sequel (seeing as this is a 2 year old PS game, maybe not have to wait to long :)) - maybe explore not having locked screens, but dont see this as a negative to the game."
76561197985922111,Recommended,394510,20034120,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Cupowar,Alien Swarm crossed with Starship Troopers and Magika with an unforgiving friendly fire system - What's not to like?????
,Recommended,394510,20058469,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FreezeLogic,Great game
76561197992070319,Recommended,394510,19963687,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,22SAS-eXel,"Become a Hero, become a Legend. HELLDIVERS!(now on Steam, PlayStation 4, and Vita.)Is it fun? You bet your♥♥♥♥♥♥it is. This top down, squad shooter boasts casual eviscerations, sonic booms of a stratagems entering the field.  bullets, rockets, and lasers flying off in all directions as you mercilessly pound the tech heavy cyborgs, Alien Bugs, and the Illuminate, a race of squid people! A grin of pure glee plastered my face as barrage after barrage tore chunks of viscera off my enemies and teammates alike. Can it match the excitement of riding around in a cocaine fueled truck, travelling at high speeds through the amazon underbrush? Maybe not, but that's not how you live forever, and it gets pretty close at times.The game opens up with a cheerful exposition, describing your aim and purpose in the Galaxy spanning adventure. You are a HELLDIVER, an elite soldier made to bring freedom (read: Death) to the already pretty free alien species that you meet. To do so you will have access to powerful firearms and assorted goodies, called Stratagems, courtesy of SUPER EARTH, your home.Your mission? To protect the assets of the Galaxy and push back the alien, and human, scum back on three fronts. If you are successful in pushing them all the way back to their home planet, you will confront the supreme leader of the races, where victory means one step closer to annihilating the alien scourge for good, until, that is, the global campaign resets, and the deadly dance begins all over again.The missions themselves are a randomly generated affair, which gives the game a nice bit on longevity, although they can start to feel a bit repetitive after awhile. I’ve only put about fifteen hours into the game, but I’m already starting to feel the grind. I’m in no way exhausted by it, but it does start to feel a bit samey. Luckily the combat itself is particularly meaty, with pieces of your targets casually flying off as you aim centre to them, a game mechanic whereby weapon shots can actually bounce of the target, doing no damage. So make sure to keep your weapons laser sights centred  on enemies and away from friendlies, as friendly fire is always on. The ability to call down Walkers, airstrikes, and gun toting APC’s, lends the game a tactical approach, with players often bringing down ammo for each other, or bringing in support drones that can either heal players, or kill enemies.It has to be said that the sound design is superb, with rifles and lasers all given appropriate weight and bass to them. The machinegun turret and starting assault rifle sound particularly meaty, with all other sounds produced at a wonderful quality that softly soothed my ears as Ishredded my enemies.Graphics wise, there's nothing much to complain about, aside from a bit of lackluster AA that leaves the HELLDIVERS looking a bit ragged at times. All weapons and armours, and there are a huge bunch, ranging from what I think are Fallout homage laser rifles, to large anti tank rocket launchers, and also the occasional cheeky Dreadnought, are wonderfully done is a cartoony style that reminds me of LEGO figures and weapons, only slightly more edgy and polished.There are a few complaints, sometimes the game will randomly disconnect, and the host migration often meant that I was kicked out of the game entirely, although the game compensates by saving your XP and progress. However, this is juxtaposed by the absolute rush I got from playing this game. Time after time I was booted from a game, kicked for some less than friendly fire, and just general rage quits, but I always came back and raring to go because of the mix of great squad play and general awesomeness: The weapons, the fighting, the amazing cloth psychics of HELLDIVERS brought me back in.So in conclusion I heartily recommend this game. See you all in Hell.9/10The ObsolElitistReviewing old♥♥♥♥♥♥because I’m poor."
,Recommended,394510,20007359,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Deadlift,This game is fantastic.5/7 - Perfect score
,Recommended,394510,20068797,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The2ndPete,"HELLDIVERS is best described as a mix of Magicka + Alien Swarm + Irony.Got your attention? Well, let me explain some bits here:Magicka is definitely to be found in the raw backbone of the game (4-player with single player possible, dark humor and a harsh take on the ""subject"") and where Magicka was a tongue-in-cheek take on norse mythology with world eating snakes (easy kill for a meteorite, who would've thought?) and lots of friendly fire in the hectic of battle or out of boredom, HELLDIVERS has you and up to three friends drop into a combat zone to spread democracy and liberty among hostile alien aggressors.And of these there are numerous! No storyline you can easily wander along anjoying the sights, it's almost always a run through territory crawling with enemies (sometimes literally) and they're always ready to drop some heavy, unfriendly blokes into your group.Alien Swarm saw you and up to three friends follow the story of an infested colony, trying to rid it from crawling space bugs. The levels were gorgeous and the story pieced together through audio logs scattered in the levels.You had your pistol and some main weapon, be it a flamer, grenade launcher, shotgun or whatever.It's a good example of dedication to crafting nice levels and lots of little details that pop into focus when you play the second/third run. Since it's still free on steam: Go and give it a try. You most likely won't regret it and if you do: HELLDIVERS might not be the right game for you.But that crafted story was also one of the downers: You played the same time and again. Sure, updates/mods allowed for other stuff but even these were the same after a while.The first run was always tense and some trigger happy moments led to accidental team kills, the second was easier because you had a rough idea where the enemies would pop up and the third became a definite been-there-done-that run.HELLDIVERS is different in that each player is contributing to the overall campaign, the War SUPER EARTH is fighting against the Bugs (which by PURE incident turn into bio fuel on death, totally not the reason to fight them and keep the industry going!), Cyborgs (which want liberty of the single being and think man & machine could work in the same body. Everybody knows that the managed democracy is the best way for humans to live in prosperity and liberty!) and Illuminates (which are a total threat to SUPER EARTH because they don't want us to have their advanced tech and also they're producing WMDs to eradicate humanity!).Now, these missions are generated on randomized maps, with the outline of the combat zone hardly ever the same (apart from arena fights where you have to kill a certain amount of enemies to teach them a lesson!) and on these maps you get an area that might be using the same models of rock outcroppings, bunkers, cyborg AA emplacements, battlements, wrecks and the like but these assets are always rotated differently, so that you won't see two in the same orientation soon. I played 47h now and I haven't.Controls are responsive enough with either Mouse & Keyboard or controller though in some cases you can clearly notice it was made for controller with twin stick and d-pad controls.Your trooper moves fluidly, diving for cover in the direction he's facing (that often saves your behind, if you remember it) and generally shooting where he's looking.Shooting? You'll do a lot of that and with a load of weapons. Aim to get a crosshair (otherwise your cursor is invisible) and unleash a salvo of slugs, blasts of shotguns or laser beams.Because... if you don't shoot the enemy patrols will notice something's wrong with you, you not being a six-legged bug/heavily implanted mind-linked cyborg/descendant of jellyfish and signal for backup to ... cleanse that problem.This backup -depending on the mission difficulty- might consist of some simple worker drones (boots up and stomp 'em out!) up to tanks (argh, another one? We're running low on AT ammo here!).And that is the moment where the real fun starts.See, every HELLDIVER starts his/her mission with a pistol (which can become quite a capable tool to dish out democracy), a rifle of one sort or another, one perk (an always-active item of equipment like incendiary grenades or a cooldown reduction for your stratagems) and four stratagems. These are marvelous.They can be anything from an ammo drop to recoilless rifles vs armored targets, grenade launchers, artillery barrages, auto turrets, napalm, cluster bombs, mechanized assault suits (bad if you think they look like Warhammers Dreadnoughts) and many more.These equipment drops can themselves be used as a weapon. Because, you see, they're dropped from a Hellcarrier in orbit. And they drop fast. And are heavy. And don't really brake before hitting the ground...Anything standing under or next to them takes damage. A lot! No matter if it's your comrade, your teams APC or a bug Tanker: They're squished. Add to that the ability to upgrade them between missions and you go from ""cluster bomb to take out infantry"" to ""laser guided bunker buster with side munitions to clear the area"". Or for rifles from ""the second shot goes in the same direction"" to "" four shot salvo dead center"".Overall, HELLDIVERS is a lot of fun thanks to the friendly fire incidents that are often times hilarious; the backstory that's brilliantly deliverd by NPCs (nice voice acting there, too!) and the Encyclopedia on the Hellcarriers; and the satisfaction from completing a stressful mission against the odds, evacuating all HELLDIVERS just before the shuttle is overrun.Matchmaking is as fluid as you can wish for, just step on the teleport pad on your carries bridge and select a mission on some world and difficulty you like, short moment later: BLAMM, you're dropped into combat.It might not be the right thing if you can't handle satire and are from the best damn nation in the world but even then:Ignore the story, come for the shooting.And the explosions.And the laughter when another well meant and poorly placed artillery barrage takes out not only the enemy but your team...Sure there's stuff they could've done better, like a planet rotating under the Hellcarrier to bring the later missions required to ""liberate"" it in sight, but the way it's now (left side with the Hellcarrier in geosync orbit and part of the planet with mission markers in the corner below; right side for mission details) you can select where to start.Want to keep the mission with ""Assassinate cyborg leader"" for the end? Sure, go for it. Command thought it should be number 1, but it's your choice where to drop first and wreak havoc.And maybe more than one climate zone per world. That'd make for a nice difference in appearance. Right now it's a Star Wars universe: desert worlds, snow worlds, jungle worlds, city worlds... but no variety. If it's one climate, that's it for the whole globe.But that might be asking too much from a very fun, light take on guns-blazing-democracy."
76561198052392305,Recommended,394510,20060776,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lead Farmer,"Ever play Halo ODST and thought to yourself 'oh man, if only there was a way to make being an ODST cooler'? Well friends, this game has your answer."
76561197977481386,Recommended,394510,20093432,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rick_Nasty,Someday... this war's gonna end.
,Recommended,394510,21522987,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gonads,Can either have a relaxing and satisfying time or an incredibly intense and satisfying time.
,Recommended,394510,21524077,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SixthAttempt,Lots of accidental team killing and angry laughing.  Good times had by all.
,Recommended,394510,20480364,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,TaihoAdmiral,AlienSwarm plus+
,Recommended,394510,20480470,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,aRc aRc,I'm from buenos aires and I say kill them all!
76561197976769245,Recommended,394510,20476332,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Barricade,Bought it for the local co-op to play with my kids. Was not disapointed. I can easily see hours upon hours of enjoyable and challenging gameplay. No issues as far as performance. No amazing storyline. Just challenging team work to complete otherwise simple tasks.
76561198027455461,Recommended,394510,20457629,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Niko My Cousin,"One of my favorite top down shooters. Not many of these on PC, and this one is a good game to spend some time in."
76561197970577853,Recommended,394510,20468585,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Anal  Mummy,"This game is a HELLuva good time.  Tense action, fun teamwork oriented gameplay and having to face down hordes of enemies while frantically trying to call in reinforcements just makes for fun times all around.  Just watch out for supply/reinforcement drop pods and enjoy serving up a nice cup of liberty to all of the new, alien races you encounter"
76561198073334516,Recommended,394510,20474428,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Gruagach of Lough Leane,"This is a game where you roleplay Robert Downey Jr's character from the movie Tropic Thunder.Basically the game has two rules:1. SURVIVE2. NEVER GO FULL RETARDAlso you can break the ice in the lobby by suggesting a deep strike behind enemy lines  in order to descend upon them, overwhelm them and leave none of them alive."
,Recommended,394510,20463304,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Mustard Tiger,Great coop game with a very funny friendly fire system
76561198036993564,Recommended,394510,20474981,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,MisterCAT,"The game is plainly awesome!!! The amount of hilarious moments that I will encouter was set high straight from the moment I joined my first multiplayer game. On that server some high level dude was soloing the level-6 mission against cyborgs. He seemed to be doing OK until I dropped on top of him (inevitably splashing him to death), then panicked and got surrounded by cyborgs. Moments later - end of mission. Worth it!One downside atm:I bought the game yesterday and in this state of Global War bugs are currently eliminated. So until someone wins and the cycle resets, technically I have no access to 33% of the game content (by content I mean enemy types) :( Sad but true."
,Recommended,394510,20462118,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Raven Blade,Democracy never felt so good.
,Recommended,394510,20462549,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AgentSolo,"A ton of fun if you have friends to play with, enjoy teamkilling, and know anything about Starship troopers and/or Starcraft!"
,Recommended,394510,20465604,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,PessimistPrime,Unforgiving and awesome
,Recommended,394510,20463473,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,NoCount,"HellDivers is a great game to play with friends or solo. Most sounds matches in well but music is a bit off at times. Graphics may not be the best but it doesn’t hurt the game, animations form gun fire to movement feel right. Controls are solid either with a keyboard and mouse or controller. Community can vary from game to game greatly is most of the time good. Gameplay is addictive and can be intense with a good difficulty curve for beginners on level 3 planets to experts on level 12 planets, there are a few negative thing in the game, running out of things to do is a big issue once you have unlocked all things form the planets there is nothing more to do but grind levels and samples for your character with nothing to spend research points on and no reason to keep playing. I have to say I may not be the greatest gamer but there really needs to be a difficulty above Helldive, as I have soloed and have seen many others solo Helldives this being the hardest difficulty you can get in there planet difficulty rating short of a boss battle (there is only a few of those) it leave you wanting something more.In the end this is a great game at a great price, I hope they bring out more DLC this could be more planets types, higher difficulty levels or unlock rewards in an expiation pack."
,Recommended,394510,20733720,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Code6,"One of, if not the, best co-op games I've ever played. Friendly fire is always on, and it's ""the point"". It's hard to not kill each other while fighting off aliens, but it's fair. When you pull it off, it feels amazing."
,Recommended,394510,25218220,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Rocket,It's a good game.Would be better if you could make the rewards after matches go faster.
76561198194861606,Recommended,394510,24440653,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kawaii Desu Sugoi,Great game fun to play in a group has a few small issues but overall a lot of fun and a good community
76561198029584543,Recommended,394510,24239697,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Korean Lady Jesus,"I don't have much to add that other reviewers haven't already said, so I just wanted to throw yet another thumbs-up endorsement on to the pile.If you've read the Starship Troopers book and seen the movie, you will see that this game *is* Starship Troopers with a 40k influence (and yes, I know 40k was also heavily influenced by ST).Hit the planet in your supersonic drop pod, call in supplies, and rain hell on alien scum! For Liberty!"
76561198088817658,Recommended,394510,25101762,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,yoyo8346,Really fun with friends!
76561198065745743,Recommended,394510,24994035,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Moize Master,Great game
,Recommended,394510,25077540,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TheZoloDream,I really enjoyed this game. I like how every is fighting together
,Recommended,394510,25048879,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,xTK GuruGee,"What can I say, jumped into a multiplayer game where I was carried to level 8 and was more useful to the time by just diving on the ground. 10/10 would be carried through missions again."
76561198058814279,Recommended,394510,21930137,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[TFX] Jack London,"""The best part of this game is the balance, I dont care what my squad brings as long as they are good with it"". This game is wonderfully balanced yes some of the strategems are less usefull then others but you can kill a tank with a grenade with practice. there are many ways to aproach any situation so you never find the ""best loadout"" bring whatever fits your playstyle the best. If you liked alien swarm and you want its longfer spiritual succesor this is it, with more stuff and more co-op mechanics than before such as the apc with all of its offensive guns in turrets controled by other pleyers to name one.while the teamkilling and friendly fire bothers some people I think it adds to the expierence since you have to maintain fire control and actualy comunicate to survive. and it is almost always unintended so just laugh and keep going. everything is just as destructive to you as it is to enemys, so this means the devstating airstrike you prepared well if you die the beacon gets dropped by your corpse so you can wipe out your team just as easily as the enemy. on the flip side those hellpods you spawn in with those can crush tanks just as easily as it crushes you*.how you call in strategems also adds a whole new aspect to how useful they are, if the strategem just calls in a strafing run and takes 10 buttons to use it** then it isnt as useful so some things have a low power but are easy to call in when you are under pressure***. this also means that you get good at typing commands you have said before so once you find something that fits your playstyle you can get really good with it and upgrades can make things even better.*you can kill tanks with respawning teamates but they usualy die from the swarm of infantry that follow tanks so dont toss the respawn beacon into crowds of enemys.**none of the low power airstrikes take more than four button presses the strafing run takes three and the ones that take five or six call in nukes or huge artillery barrages.***you are always under pressure, when the bugs are advancing in a massive horde and you need to call in something to save your team that is pressure and that is Helldivers in a nutshell."
76561198040632670,Recommended,394510,24944997,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,disuser,"A solid top-down shooter, this game is either endless fun or maddeningly difficult. A must have for true proponents of Liberty, Democracy, and Freedom.Is it perfect? Unfortunately, like so many other games, no. Is it worth the price? In my experience, yes. Yes it is. If you have at least three active friends on steam, or if you enjoy top-down, super-friendly-fire Freedom deliveries, and the occasional spot of Liber-tea (c), then this is the game for you.""But wait! You just said it wasn't perfect, but you're recommending it anyway?""I am, but thank you for reminding me about that little hiccup. The cost of this game is a bit much at about $20 USD. If that barrier to entry is too high, it gets better. If you'd like a chance in hell of ever liberating an arctic planet without dying after each objective because you move slower than a snail on it's third pan of pot-brownies, then that 20 dollar price tag is more realistically 23 dollars because the All-terrain dlc is an integral part of the game.That being said, this is still a very solid, rather enjoyable experience. For the economy buyer, I recommend waiting for a sale before purchasing."
76561198072051442,Recommended,394510,24646808,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,MicroCastle88,"So I originally reviewed this game saying it was fun but with a major flaw, not giving the player the freedom to play the whole of the game as they want, when they want. I still do think this is a major, major flaw. However I have played a few more hours and I have to honestly say, the online is super fun. And I normally do not enjoy online games. If you are looking for a really fun co-op online or offline game then you should definitely get this. Just be prepared for a large amount of restiction and frustration. The paragraph below is my orriginal negative review. Which I still think is relevent.This game is really fun, but there is (in my opinion) a huge problem with it. The campaign is all online, meaning you can't have your own war progression, can't chose which race to fight, which missions ect ect. This would be fine if you could chose to go online or do your own offline campaign, but you can't. I want to sit down with my mates and do our own camapign and not be forced to take part in the online one. Right now you can't fight the bugs becuase they have been defeated, cant fight cyborgs because they are defeated too... Can only do a few of the last Illuminati missions. So basically almost the whole game is completed and locked off before I've even played it!Surely this is an easy fix for the devs, just give us the option to take part in the online campaign or our own offline campaign. It is beyond frustrating."
,Recommended,394510,20687867,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,LuckyChucky21,"PROS:Great combat, tight controls, deep strategy, awesome co-op.CONS:Not a great game for solo play."
76561198006644191,Recommended,394510,19748799,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Myshkin,Easy a thumb up. I had to have so much fun since I played LoL for the first time.
76561198026788545,Recommended,394510,19803127,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Tox,"This game definetly delivers. I love how shooting works, I like the game mechanics and inclusion of vehicles.Excellent 4 player shooter.Only thing I would change is the single screen all players have to fit in even when playing online and everyone has his own screen. I guess too many mechanics are tied to it."
76561198023367375,Recommended,394510,19977666,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mosska,Amazingly addictive fun!
76561198057884581,Recommended,394510,19998149,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Metafoxx,Good game.
,Recommended,394510,19909225,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TsundereBaka,Like magicka with gunsIts great
,Recommended,394510,19947000,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MessyWetness,"As you fight through wave after wave of countless enemies, you will look at your friends like, ""Wow, I actually like you guys simetimes."""
,Recommended,394510,19943582,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,It's pretty good.
76561198021181507,Recommended,394510,19946175,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TheFantasticFlyingTaco,killed squshy things for democracyfreedom/10
76561198030753749,Recommended,394510,19961921,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SGT_BASILONE,"I was instantly addicted to this game.  The gameplay is exciting, tense, challenging, and unlike so many AAA games, fun and bug free.  Best played with a group of friends but if you don't have any it's very easy to queue up with other players."
,Recommended,394510,19992159,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GLight,A pretty challenging but we'll rewarding single play but this diamond really shines on multi-player.The thing that everything can kill you or to be destroyed makes it unique.If you rage with a player don't kick him just shoot him :p
,Recommended,394510,19988624,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,NinoAkicha,good for everything
76561198040341887,Recommended,394510,19956515,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Update Queued,"the games fun, accidental casualties fun.just stay off the higher difficulties then we are all good and its a great game.-mech control+when you crushed your buddy, blame the mech control"
,Recommended,394510,27153080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bstonz,"If you like starship troopers, you definitely love this game."
76561197990144916,Recommended,394510,27093329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Caleger88,"This game is pretty fun, It is arcadey but ♥♥♥♥ me its good. My only gripe is that you can't split up and try to get more of the objectives completed at once and that you can't zoom the mouse out more."
,Recommended,394510,27100935,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snowman,"This game is pretty fun with friends with the random element of team killing, but it gets a little repetitive."
,Recommended,394510,27114622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Frank,"Hey, pretty good."
,Recommended,394510,27335777,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sugarspoon,"A really good actiongame which needs quite a bit of tactical know-how. Feels smooth, lots of comedy and a really fun game to play with friends."
,Recommended,394510,27330878,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eh,Everything I wanted from alien swarm.
,Recommended,394510,27220296,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ultrashotpull,Hard mission where backup is required: no backup. Finish after wasting most of my ammo and dying three timesEasy mission where no backup is required: everyone and their cyberdog arrives and makes it harder.10/10 would play public again
76561198049334685,Recommended,394510,27302690,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Catge,Really like starship troppers all over.Just love it.
,Recommended,394510,27018512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rad Dad,Patriotic cape-clad ODST's
,Recommended,394510,27047850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,2sinful666,one of the best co-op games ever
,Recommended,394510,27096053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SamuraiSTALIN,"I'm typically not a fan of games with high difficulty, but this one nails the idea perfectly. The gameplay is constantly tense, with every action you take having an impact on the entire mission. So many games think that making you lose over and over again will make winning that much sweeter; to me it makes it not worth the effort. This game, however, makes every loss feel fair and balanced, and every victory feel like you're the biggest badass in the galaxy, and makes you feel that way frequently enough that the game doesn't feel like a constant grind just to win one mission.My only gripe is that some of the weapons and vehicles aren't so effective, but they're all fun to use and play with.With simultaneous online/same screen multiplayer and a multitude of randomly generated missions against three different factions on a campaign that all players are fighting to win, it's hard to say no to this brilliant coop game."
,Recommended,394510,27263248,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,azumo18,"""Beware! I'm calling for ammo""Some seconds later a squad member dies under my ammo capsule"
76561197984761002,Recommended,394510,19653926,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,NooBiTo,What goes well with Liber-Tea?DEMOCRACY!
,Recommended,394510,27175128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ThePotatenOverlord,"89% of all Helldivers die in this part of the tutorial.""What? Ya right!""*dies to the falling sonic speed bullet**again*"
,Recommended,394510,27175639,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arctic-Fox,"Great game, and interesting gameplay. Just buy it"
76561197968218190,Recommended,394510,27248181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blackwolf_swe,Save superearth while killing everything that moves.. what more could you ask for?
,Recommended,394510,27240259,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Woof Woof,"This game is non-stop action... if you get spotted, in the harder difficulties it is easy to get spotted but no impossible. this game is built around co-op so don't waste time going solo, find a match and jump right into the action. this game is awesome if you just want to knock out some time or just want to shoot some alien scums. the game can get repetitive but you can make up for that by trying new stratergems and weapons, or just switching to a higher level. i personally play on lvl. 12 the hardest difficulty as i don't think the others are hard enough. if you think about buying this game do it, it will be worth it ;)"
,Recommended,394510,30580214,Posted: 17 March,all,ABZU,Great game that I suggest you to buy.
,Recommended,394510,27213560,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RJT,A very satisfying top down shooter for up to 4 players.
,Recommended,394510,30939715,Posted: 4 April,all,Somnophobe,"SuperEarth has only four enemies: monsterous bugs, traitorous cyborgs, alien intellectuals, and friendly fire.A twin-stick shooter with punishing difficulty and creative multiplayer mechanics, you can expect HELLDIVERS to show you exactly how rough the future of war is.Bring diplomacy and freedom to the a universe inspired by Starship Troopers and Warhammer 40K. Use classic, modern, and incredibly futuristic guns, call in air strikes, and put nukes up alien orifices.It's not a perfect game by any means, but it's mechanically well-executed, has a deep-enough story, and is fun to play.DO YOUR PART FOR SUPEREARTH! We'll be waiting for you, Helldiver!"
,Recommended,394510,30844157,Posted: 30 March,all,Blue Wing Raven,"This game makes you feel so powerful with all of the bullets ripping apart your enemy. And if you don't feel that powerful, remember that you have a cape, what makes you feel more powerful than a cape!?"
,Recommended,394510,26500957,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,The Big Red 1,"a nod to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film in terms of dark cynical humor and the story. the gameplay can be very intense, frantic or desperate at times which presents a challenge for those who seek it. pity there is no ""true"" power armor suit for the player to wear in order to remain true to the roots of the sci-fi genre which all originates in Robert A. Heinlein's novel: Starship Troopers"
,Recommended,394510,26535403,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,b8e5n,Best coop game played in a long time. Even though the mission success rate is very low... :D
76561198014643170,Recommended,394510,25837468,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Cassiel,Good blasting fun!  Best when played with others :)
76561198040991409,Recommended,394510,26286377,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,quinndor,Nothing as fun as landing a hellpod fired from orbit on your friend who just revived you. Or shooting him in the back with a EAT 17 rocket.
76561197964957155,Recommended,394510,26002304,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,GaGrin,"This surprising nuanced coop twin-stick shooter is an absolute blast and my groups current pick-up game.  Better with communication like all these games are and easily scalable to suit the level of challenge you want, including being perfectly playable (though less ideal) solo.I wouldn't recommend unless you have a friend or three you can play with, but this is a perfect group game."
,Recommended,394510,26224334,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dr jebus,"Procedurally generated hectic twin-stick shooter, which frequently requires you to think on your feet.  Flexible co-op lets you blend local players and online players.  Can pick lower or higher-difficulty missions on the fly.  An absolute delight to play with friends."
76561198078211710,Recommended,394510,26686232,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Vilgefortz,"I am so tired of people comparing this to Starship Troopers.This game is like Starship Troopers. Launch four squishy humans onto a merciless and wild alien planet, and raze it to hell trying to stay alive. Squad play is where it's at. The higher difficulty planets provide the MAXIMUM entertainment, as long as you have the gear to survive them. Being overrun by a ferocious alien horde, titanic behemoth beetles, or blasted into oblivion by a Cyborgian tank is where the game shines. Four Helldivers vs insurmountable odds.And then the beat kicks in.You can Lone Wolf the game as well, if you so chose. At higher level planets, you might actually consider the solo Stealthy play. Equipt with a fully upgraded UAV(which displays enemy patrols and SAMPLES*) and DISTRACTOR BEACON(draws all enemy patrols towards its location), you can send the aliens running one way while you sneak around the opposite direction. I conquered the Bug's Homeworld solo and earned the yellow bug cape(ACCESSORIZE!) that way. Sometimes, you can't rely on players to get it right, so going solo into the pits of Hell alone can often be the best move.*SAMPLES = Upgrade Points. Each weapon and STRATAGEM(special weapons, vehicles, items, turrets, bombs called down from the sky) has a small upgrade tree. 10 SAMPLES = 1 Upgrade Point. You find SAMPLES scattered across the planets. Get the DLC that contains the UAV(RANGER DLC $2.99) and upgrade it to level 3(max lvl) so it will display all enemy patrols and reveal all SAMPLE locations on the map.It can seem repitious after awhile, the gameplay only changes by what choice of STRATAGEMS you bring(together with your team). Tackling the hardest planets generates the most challenge, which IMO = maximum fun.Also, Friendly Fire is always on, so try not to kill your teammates.. as best as you can."
,Recommended,394510,27009126,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Salty,"Great fun. not many games bring me to tears of laughter, but when those pods fall from the sky it becomes complete chaos"
76561198085499237,Recommended,394510,26963928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moustacchio Furioso,"Really good twinstick shooter, much better with friends than by yourself.NEVER USE MINES!! Can confirm you will kill yourself"
,Recommended,394510,26965390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Horris hellcase.com,I can't stop.
,Recommended,394510,26987124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YOGZULA,One of the best co-op games released on steam.  A must play.
,Recommended,394510,19547987,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,V!,Buy this game!!!Really!
,Recommended,394510,26877965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain 21,"Great game with interesting mechanics. Even though they use the same stuff over and over again, they still manage to keep it interesting. Best if played with friends."
76561198090003245,Recommended,394510,27060110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hanzi,Amazing!
,Recommended,394510,25939613,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,mrlavalamp,"When I'm looking to kill things, I always turn to HELLDIVERS. It's an affordable, fast, furious, and freaking ridiculous take on team-based shooters with literal drop-in/drop-out functionality and the unique support offered by Stratagems, a tiny orb that your character throws out and that signals a landing zone/target for various support such as ammo drops or airstrikes. There is soooo much content (with or without the DLCs) and it's easy to hop into but hard to fully conquer. The unique style of the game sets up a war that spans actual Earth-day weeks, and allows you and your allies time to conquer various alien planets. With three distinct enemy races each needing their own strategy, there's a lot of epic game action waiting to happen.My only gripe is that one of the DLCs contain All-Weather Boots, which essentially allow you to move at normal speed. This item should absolutely be included in the game, because it's all but required for snow levels, but no, you have to shell out the $1.99 for them.No gripes here, and no shortage of epic weapons, stratagems, and vehicles. A must own!"
,Recommended,394510,26091119,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Thomas,Best twinstick shooter ive seen jet.works great with a keyboard and mouse aswell.Runs without issues.Aldo not out for linux.Coop/singleplayer/multiplayer.4 man squad maximum.Friendly fire is making it a little bit more chalanging.love it!
76561198043724128,Recommended,394510,26086668,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Darkiller,Never really been a fan of twin stick shooters but this is an exception. It is such a blast to play and so much content to keep you wanting more.
,Recommended,394510,25980476,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,c0RvUS,"""liberty!""10."
,Recommended,394510,26183854,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,RivieraKid,"I love this game. Amazon to drop in and out, scales in difficultly, funny, great 4 player co-op with friends, sci-fi setting. Real starship troopers feel."
,Recommended,394510,26233149,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Aki,"Democracy, Cooperative, travel the galaxy, and bring the ""Justice""Remember ""JUSTICE""....throw grenade to friend position, friendly fire, dropping supply exactly on your friend position..10/10 will recommend"
76561198071095029,Recommended,394510,26165829,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,And Josh,"Yo dawg, Did you wanna fight for FREEDOM, DEMOCRACY, AND THE SPACE-AMERICAN WAY?!Well, then this game is for you! With a neat satirical backstory, HELLDIVERS puts you as a member the elite titular taskforce, designed to be (literally) dropped behind enemy lines and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Up.With and interesting mechanic of being able to call in Stratagems via the radio, there is a twist to the usual ""Airdrop inbound"" mechanic quite a few shooters use. You see, you want that extra ammo pack or auto turret? You gotta put in a code, Contra style. Granted, the code is given to you on the bottom of the screen benath your mini-HUD (more on that later) but the catch is you gotta put it in quickly whilst being under heavy fire from deadly Cyborgs, or Space Bugs.Now, the real bread-and-butter of of this game is the co-op factor. Don't get me wrong, you CAN play this solo, however it's gonna get really difficult. Like i said before, you are LITERALLY dropped behind enemy lines, so it's juts you, your team, and whatever stratagem beacons you packed in your bag. When playing Solo, you get a certain amount of Auto-Reinforces, which means if you die, you can get dropped right back in. You start out with just one, but you can earn more via completing objectives, holding a maximum of two. When playing cooperatively, however, you have to call in a Reinforce Beacon, of which you have unlimited uses, but it is on a (albeit short) cooldown, not to mention the whole, y'know, deadly Aliens/cyborgs shooting at nearly the whole time. One of the more well designed things about this game is that, like a lot of other good coop games, you can see the status of your team on the bottom of your screen. This show information such as what weapons are equiped, how much ammo in reserve, how much in the mag, etc. if you die, that information disappears and it just shows your name with a little skull next to it, and pressing any button will wiggle the icon and put the words ""request to reinforce"" above it. Expect to see a lot of that in game.As for how difficult/challenging the game is, it can be pretty tough, especially going solo. Because you are meant to be infiltrating enemy strongholds, there is a sort of ""stealth"" mechanic about it. And yes, that's in quotes for a reason. When you first drop in, the enemy is unaware of your presence, but there ARE enemy patrols about, especially around objectives. When an enemy spots you, you have about 1-2 seconds to kill them or stun themk to keeo them from sounding the alarm. When the alarm is sounded, all hell then breaks loose. Bigger, badder enemies start spawning and depending on the difficulty rating of the mission, some of them are heavily armored and definitely require team ccordination to take down. You can run, and the alarm will reset, but be wary of that area, because baddies don't despawn, only respawn.As for the difficulty itself, there are 12 difficulty ratings in game from level 1, ""a dive in the park"" to level 12, ""hell dive."" Difficulty does not affect base damage or rresistance, so you can take your dinky little lvl 1 rifle into a lvl 12 zone and still hold your own for a little bit. What difficulty DOES mean, is that Bigger enemies will spawn, and once you get up there, you're REALLY gonna want some anti-tank weapons to take on those guys.Now as i said before, you CAN technically do the whole game solo, but like i said previously, you're gonna want some AT weapons/stratagems to back you up. the highest i would feel comfortable doing solo is maybe lvl 6, and that's at the very max level, but then again, i'm a casual skrub who needs to Git Gud.Adding on to the coop factor, the game has several sectors and battles in overall ""wars"" in which we fly to space and wreck alien house. To determine victory, every time a player/team finishes a mission, it adds ""influence."" The higher the community influence, the further you push in that Factions sector of space, the further you reach the Homeworld, which has many more baddies, but quite a bit of good loot and exp.As for leveling itself, it doesn't quite work they way most games do. Yes, as you kill things and complete missions you get exp, but that really only unlocks ""perks"" which are usually passive buffs to your character, such as faster sprint speed, faster stratagem deployment/racharge, etc, and also the occasional gun.The way you earn upgrades for your weapons/stratagems is by collecting SCIENCE! now where do you get science? well, during a mission you can find glowing yellow ""research samples"" and every 10 samples you earn a Research Point, which is used to upgrade weapons and stratagems. You DO earn a research point for every level, but that's not really a reliable way of getting reasearch.Now, i know what you're thinking, ""Midget, this sounds like an amzing game that's perfect in every way! i'm gonna throw all my money at the screen RIGHT NOW!"" But HOLD UP THERE FRIEND! There is a problem here, and unfortunately, there is a Pay To Win aspect of it. That's right, the more money you throw at the screen, the more likely you are to find success in your missions! Now what do I eman by that? the game itself is about 25$ but there are some DLC for it that provide items. And not just cosmetics, either. For Instance, there is a perk called ""All Terrain Boots"" which means you no longer have your speed inhibited by Snow or Water, but to get them, you have to buy the ""all terrain pack"" (or something along those lines, can't quite remember the name of it atm) and there is NO way to earn them normally in-game. Having a tough time fighting Cyborg tanks and hulks, or those nasty, heavily armored bugs? then just shill ou $5 for the Entrenched Pack, and get a nifty Anti-Tank turret and mow em all down! also not earnable in-game.So as fun as it is, this apple is a little bitter with that knowledge. That being said however, even without your super OP tank murdering turret (seriously the thing is ridiculous) they still have an INCREDIBLE base game here, and is massively fun, especially if you can get 4 people to work and communicate together. It is seriously the most fun i've had in a game in a long time, and is definitely worth the money."
76561198014890324,Recommended,394510,25628140,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,GIANTMETALZORIO,"This game is incredibly fun. Everything feels just right. It can be punishingly difficult on higher levels, but it never feels unfair. Buy this game - and make your friends buy it too."
76561198018404124,Recommended,394510,25629581,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,potato,Plays like NOTD Aftermath/Undead Assault from the Warcraft III days.Has the lore of the Mobile Infantry from Starship Troopers.10/10
76561197968753924,Recommended,394510,25599930,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,hemmelig_ninja,"Solid game, but I dislike the rampant DLC nightmare."
76561198154749674,Recommended,394510,25593267,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Darth Revan Reborn,"This is one of the most fun and entertaining games I've ever played. It plays like super troopers mixed with halo odst, and then a healthy dose of freedom and democracy to top it all off.There's no real story to the game but the little canon that does exist is all you needYou are a Helldiver, an elite soldier tasked with spreading freedom, democracy, and Liberty to the various alien races across the galaxy. All in the name of defending super earth, not just regular earth, but Super EarthThere's nothing quite like calling down mechs, tanks, various heavy weapons and airstrikes to 'liberate' aliens who want to kill you all while your character periodically shouts things like ""Freedom never dies!"" ""Say hello to democracy!"" And ""have a cup of my Liber-tea!""All wrapped up in a great little package that only costs you $20 and with the option to buy more weapons and stratagems for very cheap that offer more variety but are in no way op or more effective than the vanilla weapons and stratagemsAll in all its a great game with a great premise that will deliver dozens if not hundreds of hours of fun for you and your friends"
76561197965071920,Recommended,394510,25651160,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,M@rc V@dor,"Sort of Starship Troopers with coop (and other enemies than bugs)Friendly fire eveywhere, even with your own turret ! Be carefull...You choose where to go on the map, sometimes there are events, etc.So much fun. A nice surprise, I was a little sceptical when I saw how much DLCs there was, I thought of another pay to win.It just misses a looting system other than just finding pieces of research: when you have collected 10, you earn 1 research point for your gear upgrades.Gameplay is hard, but hey... it is said in the description it is ""Hardcore"" :)"
76561197969420625,Recommended,394510,25898952,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,prankmonkey,It's like Smash TV x 235610/10
76561197995184211,Recommended,394510,25959250,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Blakmagik,"Overall fun game, best played with friends. Definitely worth the money!"
76561198076489114,Recommended,394510,26241435,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Gamrage,"Looking back, I never reviewed this game. If you haven't bought this game yet, this is worth every penny of it's purchase, if you buy this game on sale, it's practically a steal.- What is wrong with this game? Nothing at all, you can play it on X-Box Controller, Playstation Controller and on the keyboard no problem.- You don't like playing with a certain gun or a certain build, just change it. There's something for everyone.- You don't like being killed? too bad, that's not what this game is about. You have to claw your way through the procedurally generated maps to complete objectives and fight or flight against monsters that can kill you by just simply stepping on you.- Half or more than half of your deaths will be from team members shooting you because you just happened to be between a bloodthirsty alien and the barrel of his shotgun. And somehow this formula makes the game even more enticing..Get this game, it's something that you won't regret. They don't make games like this anymore, and they should!!"
76561198149529104,Recommended,394510,26298735,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Korvatz (shanK),"This game has lost a significant amount of players since release, but still worth buying. Amazing game and very fun with friends"
,Not Recommended,394510,27536446,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Devastator,"Great game, interface gampelay etc is amazing.Servers constantly disconnect cannot play with friends.If you are looking for multiplayer expirience - avoid."
,Recommended,394510,27492384,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PilotPikachu,GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D LOVE IT
,Recommended,394510,27194141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rogue.noob,"awesome twinstick shooter. fast paced, hard  and with great humor"
76561198121740214,Recommended,394510,27186005,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DustyDust,"you can play it with friends...and if you don't have any,u can play with random strangers...play once with friend... slpit screen, local game...told them to stay near the shuttle beacon...they died, i laugh,they didn't like it,shoot me in the back on every mission after that...helldivers is often on sale, for a small price, you can a lot some fun200% friendly fire, mecha, tanks, vehicules, air strike, heavy weapons, lazer beam...democracy&freedom joke, mass killing spree...best to play little by little, at long it can become very repetitive (losing most of it's fun)"
76561198077301263,Recommended,394510,26942344,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Obesitobi,"It's really fun to play with a full party, it always ends up as a clusterheck and most of your missions will likely fail especially on the harder difficulties.No performance issues whatsoever - how could there be?It gets real grindy though."
76561198063165463,Recommended,394510,28002801,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pandazam,Awesome game to play with friends.Not so great if you play public games with random people.
,Recommended,394510,27992270,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheDisturbedOne,"10/10An amazingly fun game with numerous unique weapons and strategems, plus for the most part a great community.  The game is team based  so watch that friendly fire ;-) and it has many levels of difficulty for newcomers and veterans alike and differant species of aliens to fight.  If you want to play by yourself you can however you will have a limited number of lives.  I could totally play this game all day and night and occasionally I do.  I also reccomnd the DLC, but with maybe the exception of the pistol pack, that one isn't as useful as it takes up your perk slot.  The DLC has even more unique and fun weapons and stratagems as well.  Last but not least you get to wear a cape and earn new capes, helmets and armor with cooler more uniqe designs!  My favorite cape is the bug ecologist cape!  I mean who doesn't love capes?   Cape spinning is so fun all in itself!"
76561197960719943,Recommended,394510,27993391,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,XB,Good for playing with friends
76561197969335277,Recommended,394510,27830507,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PandaPower,The biggest enemy are not the endless hordes trying to bring chaos over the galaxy. It's those standing right next to you (or dropping on top of you) trying to bring some democracy while high on liber-tea.
,Recommended,394510,30952589,Posted: 4 April,all,PRΞDΛTOR,A fun game to play with along with your friends.
,Recommended,394510,27751327,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JWBS,Maybe the best co-op game I've ever played. I just wish there were more players.DLC is a very worthwhile investment.
,Recommended,394510,27763798,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,High Men Buster,"The most intense, amazing 4-player coop experience out there.  Solo it's still a pretty fun struggle of stealth, but 4 players on voicechat (or in the same room!) belting out orders, screams of death, and friendly fire apologies will absolutely have a blast with Helldivers."
,Recommended,394510,27879447,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LongChopStickz,"If you don't have this, I feel sorry for you."
,Recommended,394510,27931262,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Salvage,"Super awesome game, especially with a friend. Feels very much like Magicka in its styling and gameplay. Huge variety of difficulties and fluid mechanics that are easy to grasp.The main downside I have is that there is definitely a sense of pointless DLC here, with some of the DLCs being completely shunned out by even the free items already in the game and feeling useless.Definitely recommended regardless of that issue."
76561197986743706,Recommended,394510,19539675,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Snoogles,"Killed some guy by mistake, felt bad.Also, bugs.10/10"
76561197978460296,Recommended,394510,27928682,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dark Wolfe,"Nominated for the first annual ""How to Ruin a Friendship"" AwardTop Down, twin stick shooter action with a rediculous diffculty curve, brutal friendly fire & plenty of cool♥♥♥♥♥♥to do like call in Airstrikes, or ammuntion refills, reinforcements (ressurect a friend) or call down a big stomping mech, all of which require it's own Konami code style sequence to activate & drops a pod capable of crushing you & your friends.Experience the joy of killing an entire squad with the drop pod used to ressurect one member. Landing ammo directly on a friends recently delivered tank & blowing every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to pieces"
76561198078579875,Recommended,394510,27724899,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gambledorf,Never liked a game as fast as I did Helldivers. Great game to just pick up and play.
,Recommended,394510,20948884,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Angrynato Kek Ni,"MOVE UP YOUR APES,YOU WANT TO LIVE FOREVER?"
76561198072169598,Recommended,394510,28009006,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,projectgamma,This Game hit me by surprised since I have never heard it before but when I saw the pictures I got interseted when I saw it so I tried it and had a blast
,Recommended,394510,27446437,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,民子,SAY HELLO TO DEMOCRACY!
,Recommended,394510,27560553,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wes BuBBle,a really good Game for fans of the Starship Troopers series
76561197979785007,Recommended,394510,30942813,Posted: 4 April,all,47,"... remember the good old days when we had to work hard in order to unlock certain features/items in the game?... remember when there were no DLCs and all you had to pay for was the game?Well... This game says ""♥♥♥♥ you! You'll have none of that!"".In all seriousness though, the game is still enjoyable but a bit more difficult without the DLCs."
76561198004260198,Recommended,394510,27465204,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,High Fly [CZE],"You never get bored of this game. Angry with it, yes, you do quite often, but not bored.Super fun to play, but I recommend you bring a friend or two with you! :)"
,Recommended,394510,22458601,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,a friendly sith lord,"best dying simulator, 10/10"
76561198032040621,Recommended,394510,22350963,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,knightfire,great game to play with friends has the abilty to play with others online or plug multible controllers and play with your buddys at home this game also has great battles to fight.
,Recommended,394510,22330871,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,銘,"Top down shooter with cool weapons? CheckFriendly fire and equipment that's lethal to everybody? CheckIdiots who can't see landmines by their feet? Triple checkFun game to play with friends, but in the event that you don't have any, pubs are fun too...... right?TK by landmine/7"
76561198144911614,Recommended,394510,22367641,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cervos,Good fun for the price - there are few true 4 player co-op games to be had outside of MMO experiences.  Fits the bill when friends want to do something quick and fun together
76561198014874781,Recommended,394510,22370935,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Cerbereth,"This game is an exciting and innovative team based shooter. The progression system is great. You are always unlocking new stratagems, vehicles, and weapons. Different planets grant new equipment when completed as well. I have played 20 hours and I am hooked. The aesthetic is similar to starship troopers, terminator, or Alien. Space marines dropping onto a planet to deal with hordes of bug or cyborg enemies. There is a lot of customization possible in regards to your weapon, your perks, and the stratagems you can call down during a mission. Friendly fire is a reality and you can easily kill your friends or yourself if you're not careful. Death is cheap though your allies can bring you back in 10 seconds if there is at least one of your teammates left alive. Missions are varied assassinate targets, capture areas, sweep minefields, activate oil wells etc. Stratagems are also varied call in an automated minigun turret, an air strike, a flamethrower, jetpack etc. Most of the DLC is cosmetic or of equal power to stuff already in the game. You do want the all terrain pack if you are going to play the upper level snow missions though. It probably should have been included in the game, but the game is relatively cheap at 20 dollars, so an extra 2 dollars isn't too bad. One last thing is that the game makes you feel totally awesome. You're a helldiver restoring democracy to the galaxy. You have your own ship, your crew idolizes you and you bring with you insane amounts of firepower wherever you go."
,Recommended,394510,21127808,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,allen911007,trollers will love this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,394510,22158912,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Black Tony,"Matchmaking has been broken for MONTHS in this game. The devs can't reproduce the bug on their end, so they're evidently just going to leave their online multiplayer co-op game without a way for players to find a match.AVOID BUYING THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE 3 OTHER FRIENDS YOU PLAY WITH ALL THE TIME!edit: They fixed the matchmaking. Now I can definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,394510,22559147,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,IainJames,"helldivers Woodgate 11/10 with a keyboard and mouse but it will not stay in full screen mode, every single time you tab out of the game it comes out of fullscreen mode and its a pain the♥♥♥♥♥ok so its not so bad having in window mode right? this game in windowed mode with two monitors your mouse goes off the screen sometimes and onto the other screen or onto the toolbar, and then you right click to aim without realising your mouse is gone off the screen and then it brings up a f****** menu window, and then you bring your mouse back on to game and then you trying to aim and and get another window pop-up, because there are monsters everywhere and you can't waste any time to play a game like this.its a good thing i have a gamepad it removes the problem with me having a mouse go onto the other monitor but the game still doesn't like to stay in full screen mode when you tap out.keyboard and mouse with two monitors 7/10keyboard and mouse with one monitor 11/10 (you probably wouldn't have the problem with the mouse going off the screen)gamepad 10/10"
76561198069155491,Recommended,394510,22405734,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,巴勒锰赣-,"Very intersting and similar to <starship troopers>, if you like that movie this game is it! Watch for teammates though as they can be more dangerous than bugs"
76561198032436948,Recommended,394510,22308675,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Z Lethal,"This is honestly one of the most fun top down shooters I have ever played.  It has some mild but solid stealth elements, a good variety of weapons, equipment and special tactics, the progression is paced well, and the DLCs are reasonable value but not mandatory.  Overall it is a very enjoyable gameplay experience.Prior to mid April 2016, the game suffered from a gamebreaking bug that removed any multiplayer functionality.  It has since been fixed, and I have no reservations about recommending this game.  Despite the bug, the community is still active and the game is still amazing.  If you like top down shooters, buy it."
,Not Recommended,394510,22328588,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,mriopi,Honestly I feel the game is pretty bland -- music and lines pretty limitted. Would not recommend.
76561197992466603,Recommended,394510,28147574,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,-A,Your daily cup of liber-tea.
76561198035397364,Recommended,394510,28444165,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,maloo2brvo,Best game I have played in a while. SO MUCH HILLARIOUS MOMENTS.PLEASE DRIVE THE MOTORCYCLESCHAOS ENSUES
,Recommended,394510,28499121,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Madness,"Fun co-op game that puts ""friendly fire"" to a more cooperative level. Tons of hilarious moments with your friends!"
,Recommended,394510,28486251,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,eagleangelo,"If you have friends to play with this game is a MUST BUY.The gameplay is tight and the difficulty gets insane but fair.Friendly fire and being able to kill yourself mean there has to be coordination, and nothing is more awesome than pulling out of a mission with all your friends instact... or at least whatever's left of them :DMy only issue is with the camera being stuck to all of us at once and some weird problem where i'm kicked out of a friend's party after finishing  a match. These do not ruin the experience for me though.The DLC is nice but not broken. I found myself buying it to try something different AND support the developer, not because i actively needed it. And yes, it does add something different to the playstyle.TL;DR: have friends to play with? buy it. You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,394510,22330134,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,PacoTaco™,"♥♥♥♥♥game don't buy, made this for a steam badge nuff said ♥♥♥♥"
76561197961835868,Recommended,394510,28279950,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Slade,Looking for a game where your friends will kill you more often than the enemy will? You're in the right place.FREEEEEEEDOOOOOOOOOM!
,Recommended,394510,28399498,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HoChiMintyFresh,Hectic co-op fun
,Recommended,394510,28348952,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Scrubbed Blender,"My only problem with with this is the fact no wars are being lost, At this point, I'll never get the Veteran Armor set. :'(Best to get during a steam sale since you can get it for 15 bucks(and for a game like this is a hell of a buy)For a person with decent internet(650 ping on average) this game is pretty lag freindly, but the tip is to shoot ahead of time/where you thinking they're going but its still possible to kill them normally(but with the players in the lobby seeing + Seconds afterwards).Everytime I play this I think back to when I was playing magicka and useing the revoler and thinking ""Only if this game had more guns then this one"", then I found Helldivers."
,Recommended,394510,28247839,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Typhoid Mary,"Come on in, the water's fine. Wait, no, the water is hell."
,Recommended,394510,28236719,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Pretty Fart Master,Pretty fun.
,Recommended,394510,21928231,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Granola bar,"Player joins, drop pod kills me,sometime later another player joins, drop pod kills me again.10/10 Would get killed by drop pod again."
,Recommended,394510,28242049,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Xanroth Uchana,"Fantastic Game, hard but rewarding on later difficulties. A little repetative if played for a very long time, on the other hand 90% of the time no two missions are the same, with random spawn enermies and random generated objectives."
,Recommended,394510,28173385,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nestoro,"nice co-op game if u wana get rid of all these esports out there where you just compare♥♥♥♥♥♥sizes...the action is great but the story is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ i just start to laught everytime i hear ""super earth"" cause it sounds so wanabe serious...."
76561198127662355,Recommended,394510,28151989,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Swiggles,"DEMOCRECY, LIBERTY, JUSTICE, AND FREEDOM IS THE PATH TO GREATNESS."
76561198074025278,Recommended,394510,28477144,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,na1ve,"INTERESTING AF!!In this game, more than 40% of KIAs are made by your teammates, but it's k, cuz I KILL THEM TOO!!"
76561198048392195,Recommended,394510,19724896,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jumbofish04,*While riding in a tank backwards**see a sample**jump out of tank to get sample**get run over by tank and die*10/10 would get run over again.
76561198025655502,Recommended,394510,28025450,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UNICORN,"Very fun team shooter, tickles my Starship Troopers / WH40k funny bone. I wish I could call in Hellbombs whenever and wherever but that is a small gripe."
,Recommended,394510,28016205,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Guilherme Reis,"I was expecting nothing from this game. A friendly fire coop game from the creator of magika(a game below avarage to me)? I thought it was going to be a 6/10 with some luck, but what a wonderful surprise! I LOVED IT!PROS:- Fast paced coop.- Well behaviored communit (fun even playing with strangers).- Simple, easy and yet very fun gameplay.- Amazing graphics.- Lots of vehicles, weapons, skills and perks.- Well balanced game allows you to play with whatever loadout you want.- The communit actions have influency on what planets you can fight.CONS:- Despite some people say it has a good singleplayer, this game is meant to be played in multiplayer and in my opnion there is no fun in play it alone.- You should be able to ""save"" pre loaded loadouts to quickly change beafore each mission- You should be albe to change you loadout even off a mission- If you buy just the vanilla version (with no DLCs) you gonna miss some equipament."
,Recommended,394510,28441287,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MEGAMike,"i love this game, i dont play it as often as i should but man i always have fun when i play it. It is a great game that inspiers co-op action with friends, involvs being a badass, and just incredibly fun. you cant really stress or rage in this game, that is one major part i love, if you die you get to do it all over again. I have noticed this game is on consols such as ps4, i would love it if it were to be on xbox one, i am willing to pay $60 for this thing in the xbox store, if you cant make it happen i understand. Either way this is one amazing game and if you dont have then whar are you doing with your life?"
,Recommended,394510,28434368,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SoldatJones,"Awesome.  Repetitive, but awesome"
,Recommended,394510,28068228,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Caesar the Invisible,"Want to test your mates friendship by narrowly not shooting each other at an almost never ending wave of enemies that can probably one shot you if you're not careful? Then this is the game for you!All that aside, this is a pretty fun co-op game though it can be stressful at times. The more the merrier if you want to beat harder missions. Is also fun to play solo on the easier missions. That being said I totally recommend this game for how it can test your co-operativeness with other team mates. (That is if they aren't trolling you by shooting you all the time)."
,Recommended,394510,28090770,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,☬👹 LXIX_Maximus_Aurelius_LX,"Great couch CO-OP game! Love the extremality, hard to find games these days that require so much attention to detail."
76561198008103372,Recommended,394510,28131237,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,eodkeith,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,394510,28130449,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Brito,"Very Nice, Really realistic except that you can't shoot while you are in cover, but other than that, This is the best game!"
,Recommended,394510,28134558,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Anulackk,I love this kind of game O3o
,Recommended,394510,28132575,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,IchiSkaar,The game is addictive - espcially when you play in Co-op!Dive for freedom! Hell Dive for total liberty!
76561197993814296,Recommended,394510,28107073,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Darth Armour,"Hilarious, multiplayer mayhem doesn't get any better than Helldivers."
76561197981818214,Recommended,394510,28095104,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,eule,Mucho good
,Recommended,394510,30627799,Posted: 19 March,all,Arbalest,Sci-Fi settingMemorable musicFun with friends and randomsTeamwork and strategy needed for the the higher difficultiesReplayabilityDefinitely worth it if you have friends who got this game too.
76561198092470127,Recommended,394510,21140546,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Karsuf,Great for casual play with friends
,Recommended,394510,21168777,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Shark2000,My friend electrocuted me with a 500k volt taser-shotgun and killed me.10/10 would bomb teammates again.
,Recommended,394510,21157220,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SMOKEYS,"is fum 1st mmo game i play,no friends that has it.still fun..."
,Recommended,394510,21164852,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,Amazing game. Really good especially if you have frined you wanna play with its a perfect coop game. I was debating buying it and eventually went for it during the sale right after it came out on PC. Definitely worth the money all the DLC too.
76561198093621737,Recommended,394510,21185809,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tacific,"Be prepared!This game gets crazy realllll qucik!and you can die easily,You've been warned!This game is F%&king amazing though.10/10 would die by airdrop again."
,Recommended,394510,19946400,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Phil,Not buying this game is basically admitting you hate democracy.
,Recommended,394510,21906520,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Horatio Stardust,"Join the Helldivers, they said...See the galaxy, they said...You can ALWAYS count on your team, they said..."
,Recommended,394510,21899907,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SpiderMango,Top Coop
,Recommended,394510,21866772,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Fern,"This game is basically all about grinding for XP,Its a game about grinding for xp with friends tho!its fun, you can really mess with your friends on the easy missions.but once you get to the harder missions, the game becomes really really hard.and forget about bosses OMG!The game is good, until you have played it to whatever your grind threshold is and then its just the same old thing.Sadly theres not much story its just mission after mission after mission, amongst countless others doing the same missions to take over planets.so yeh, its a game about grinding. still good fun!"
76561198121334929,Recommended,394510,21197960,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TxSRT,I sound like a broken record when I say this because its true. Everyone is right. This IS the ODST game I never knew I wanted. ALSO DO NOT HELP TEAMMATES IF THEY ARE GETTING MAULED BY PUPPIES.
76561198170610571,Recommended,394510,21949294,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ladybizzness15,This is a game that is worth the money! Easily can spend hours on this without even noticing. Buy this game!
76561198082133339,Recommended,394510,21844863,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blackstar,Lesson 1 on playing Helldivers with me: Steal my equipment and I will pump you full of lead and lazers.10/10. Would twirl cape again.
76561198110437054,Recommended,394510,21809183,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,NaganSky,Quite alot of fun. met a person and kept getting killed by people joining every ten seconds.
,Recommended,394510,28584330,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Henkell,Extremely fun to play and social. Found a lot of nice people playing it. There are DLCs but you dont feel short on choice without them. Except for the Multiterrain boots which in my opinion should be with the game as they are very important in some maps.
,Recommended,394510,28661593,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kazimir,"Fantastic Game! Great for co-op with local or distant friends. Gameplay is simple to learn, yet hard to master and provides hours of fun getting all the equipment and pushing your team to their limits. Also we die alot."
,Recommended,394510,28614770,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Harkend,"It's a great game, simple but fun. The only major problem (under my point of view) is the locked window scroll (all the player are constrained to the space in the screen), but it's probably intended to establish a bigger difficult, so..."
,Recommended,394510,28651742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Death From Above,Hell`a very good couch game.
,Recommended,394510,28606195,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mello,It's pretty much a combination of Magicka and Alien Swarm. Totally worth it if you're a fan of both games.
,Recommended,394510,28224252,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Son0fSpam,Its got guns.Its got tanks.Its got mechs.Its got nukes.Its got full friendly fire.Its made me cry laughing.A superb game.
76561197970532715,Recommended,394510,28517541,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Archeron,"Fair bit of fun playing together with friends, but with caveats:  mission variety is quite poor and worst of all, you can't get around the 'galactic campaign'.  This means that you log in and you have suddenly 'won the game'... then have to jump through a dozen screens to get back to the map... and only have a choice of perhaps one of the three enemy races.As such, if it is really really cheap, go for the game."
76561198016249039,Recommended,394510,28516914,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,UnbelieveR,"Lots of fun! Game very well produced, nice graphics for its pupose, very very well detailed, nice level up scheme and a f** good idea on how the universe changes with everyone's conquers.Recommended!"
,Recommended,394510,27564588,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GooseBig,"""watch ou-------"""
,Recommended,394510,29018964,Posted: 4 January,all,ガストン / Notsag,"It's Fun, but, if you want to play it complete and with all the things that the game offers, buy all the dlc's. It's totaly worth to do it. ( Recomendation, PLAY WITH FRIENDS, it's a lot funnier )"
,Recommended,394510,29084859,Posted: 7 January,all,Wildt,"So far I've put 15 hours into this great strategical twinstick shooter, and I've just scratched the surface as far as unlocking all weapons and upgrades, with no intention of stopping any time soon.While you can play it solo, multiplayer is where it's at. I've experienced some really terrific 4 player missions with lotsa laughs and badass moments.The devs really managed to make the weapons feel great and distinctive - the projectile traces and muzzle flashes are really over the top, and the same goes for the weapon sounds. So the big fights with 4 players trying to survive until the shuttle arrives on a hard mission is usually intense chaotic mayhem that'll make your face grin.The matchmaking works great, and you can drop into ongoing missions. Literally - you drop in a shuttle, that lands so hard you pretty often take out a fellow disgruntled Helldiver, who didn't notice the rapidly growing circular shadow on the ground :)Avoiding friendly fire is a key element in this game. E.g. while equiping yourself with multiple auto turrets is a viable tactic when Helldiving alone - it just isn't a good idea in a group as they'll most probably mow down one of your team mates with it's minigun.I have nothing but praise so far - but you could argue that it gets repetetive I guess. I certainly feel I got a bargain when I bought this at half price.90%"
76561197985869162,Recommended,394510,29076302,Posted: 6 January,all,JokerSF,"I'm mixed with this game.  Half of me says yes and the other half says no.  The game is fun to play for a bit, then it becomes extremely repetitive.    I mean it's repetitive from the begining but it's new so you accept it.  Then the newness wears off and you find yourself just going through the motions and its no longer that fun.  I got it on sale for $15 so I say yes for that price but no for the normal price.  If you want to buy it, buy it on sale."
,Recommended,394510,29076365,Posted: 6 January,all,Cpt.Parker,"If you like HALO ODST but you wish to play as ODST on diffrent planets, doing diffrent objectives and/or help your squad mates by Healing/Calling/Droping/Nuking. Plus you want it to be a bit more silly then serious game.Buy this game (On sale along with DLC's)Feet First In To Hell.And remember: Ther wont gona be any spartan-trash to help you out. You drop in ther with your team and with your team you EVAC from ther.Unless you die under droped Pod/Vehicle. Then you start from scratch."
76561198274997481,Recommended,394510,29075377,Posted: 6 January,all,xzanathar,"Enjoyable gameplay, wonderful variety of weapons, and hilarious storytelling. I hate having to deal with multiplayer most of the time, but Helldivers makes it simple and fun. Can't recommend this game more."
76561198356874137,Recommended,394510,29078641,Posted: 6 January,all,NOTOFWAR,i love this game
76561198017779998,Recommended,394510,29066958,Posted: 6 January,all,BoAЯƎD,Funny as hell with friends!!! Absolutely recommended!!!
76561198213414033,Recommended,394510,30997088,Posted: 7 April,all,SwitchB1ade_#ACE,Best twin stick shooter I have ever played on PC. A random purchase turned out to be an awesome game.
76561198054356396,Recommended,394510,29012448,Posted: 4 January,all,aendzo,"this game is worth every penny, if you have a good team."
76561198079284835,Recommended,394510,28998909,Posted: 3 January,all,phantom,extremely addictive and I highly recommend getting it with the dlcs there realy fun! especially the mechs!
,Not Recommended,394510,21917013,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Brackman,"[Edited on 27.12.2016]Helldivers locks you and your field of view to your team and constantly moves the center of your screen around based on where your team mates are, where they are looking and how far away they are aiming. The game then spawns enemies, just outside of your view, that spawn in more enemies, if 1. they get in close enough to start their alert animation and 2. that animation is finished.BUT WAIT! If one of your team mates is close enough to the edge of the screen, you may not be able to see, or even know about, said enemies until they've already finished their alert and made the mission harder by adding more and bigger enemies into the mix. Add in the fact that a lot of enemies have ranged attacks, some of which can kill you in a single hit and a few can reverse your controls, and suddenly you may find yourself in a world of♥♥♥♥♥♥Additionally, if an enemy patrol (shown as a red circle on your map) is outside of the screen and hasn't spawned in yet, it is 100% untouchable and can pass through obstacles. Even if it has spawned in, all it takes is moving far enough out of the screen again and it's back to ghost business. AND any damage you apply to enemies will get healed 100% if they despawn for even a split second. What's that? You say you destroyed the tracks on a tank and immobilized it? Well, too bad, you accidentally looked away and now it's all fine again. Placed a minefield or turret in a chokepoint to prevent enemies from chasing you and then moved on to complete an objective further away? Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ cupcake, those mines will not explode and the turret won't fire a single bullet, because those enemies, that the map says are right on top of your tactically placed assets, are NOT ACTUALLY THERE. So, you've just wasted your limited resources for no gain, GG.The only way to prevent all of this is to touch butts with your team mates and for everyone to not move their cursors too far from the center of the screen when firing and to keep anything you want to leave immobilized within your field of view AT. ALL. TIMES. Good luck getting that in a random team.Plus only the host can kick players. Plus you can't vote to change or kick the host. Plus leaving a game in the middle of a mission will forfeit any XP and research points you've gained during it, even if you only need to reach extraction to finish. No, you can't continue the mission alone by leaving, you get kicked right back to mission selection.Some games reward you for sticking together and punish you for running off alone, like the Left 4 Dead series with its enemies that can grab you, making you helpless, even killing you in the worst case, unless or until your team can punch the enemy away or kill them. This makes going solo risky, but possible at least for short amounts of time (for example, to fetch medkits or ammo). Other games let you pick items, abilities or classes with AoE abilities that give your team mates various bonuses, or restrict some vital abilities to one per player.What does Helldivers do? Handcuffs you to your friends and takes your camera hostage and says it encourages teamwork.To be fair, the game does have weapons that are an absolute pain to use alone and benefit from having a buddy helping out. Some weapons have long reload times, a few even force you to stand still while reloading, so having a friend to watch your back is a definite plus. Also, the majority of the game's objectives, and calling in anything from space, force you to stand still, totally vulnerable, while punching in codes with WASD or D-pad. All of the game's vehicles, except mechs, require separate drivers and gunners. Unless you're fine with hopping out and switching places constantly. Having extra slots for bringing in extra stuff and additional guns to point at mean things is also nice.By the way, if you're using an Xbox controller with that ""soft"" D-pad, the one where the buttons are on a big plastic circle that tilts when you press any of the buttons, you WILL ♥♥♥♥ those call-in/objective codes up, constantly. Re-bind those keys to your ABXY buttons or get an Xbox controller without that kind of D-pad or a PlayStation controller.It's also Always Online™, so- no playing on vacation, unless you have internet- no playing if you've just moved and are still waiting for your ISP to work their magic- you lose connection for long enough, you get kicked back to main menu. Oh, you were in the middle of a mission? Too bad, start over.- playing single player and want to pause to go take a dump? Sorry, can't do that, because reasons.If you can deal with all that, have fun. For anyone else, Alien Swarm is better and free. Here's hoping Helldivers 2 won't be as bad, if the game even gets a sequel.[Original review below]Sometimes the game feels like an advanced version of Peek-a-Boo; enemies disappear when they're far enough out of your view and enemy patrols only appear when they're ""close enough.""Map variety is a bit lacking and none of the environments feel ""alive."" Other than the patrols roaming around and any mayhem the players themselves are causing, there's nothing going on anywhere ever. No enemy workers doing daily tasks, no bugs feasting on corpses, no cyborgs fixing their mechanical limbs, no random firefights between human survivors and whoever owns the planet you're on... [EDIT: No walls to blow open, no doors to unlock, no trees to cut down as temporary obstacles. Weather conditions do absolutely nothing, rain doesn't slow you down or extinguish fires faster, etc. Day/night missions exist, but they don't affect visibility or how enemies act.]That's all of the gripes that come to mind.The sound and visual design is amazing, all of the weapons are satisfying to fire and explosions are fun. When you fire an LMG and the screen starts shaking and that beefy sound hits your ears, it makes you feel like a total badass.Weapon variety is nice. There's pistols, SMGs, assault rifles, sniper rifles, shotguns, flamethrowers, plasma guns, missile and grenade launchers, demolition charges, LMGs, lightning guns and a fully automatic rifle that fires rockets."
76561197965872764,Recommended,394510,28973166,Posted: 3 January,all,TheShmoo,Get in the Sale! Really fun game especially with friends. Despite the repetitive gameplay it'll provide you with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stuff to unlock and some nice diversitivity of enemies. 7.5/10
,Recommended,394510,28973197,Posted: 3 January,all,Monten,Haven't played such an awesome game like this for ages!
76561198017189485,Recommended,394510,29126032,Posted: 8 January,all,Smaug,"If you like Starship Troopers and Alien Swarm, this game is made for you.I picked up the deluxe version during the Christmas sale for $15 and it's well worth it.  I read some reviews that complained about the DLC and it's a valid point; it doesn't apply to me since I bought the bundle, but it's still a realistic gripe.  W/o the DLC, you're at a significant disadvantage to other players.  However, I feel like the amount of fun I'm having w/ this game trumps the DLC strategy.If you've watched the videos on the store page, it's easy to see what the game offers. It's fast-paced, drop-in, small team shooting.  The maps are small and a single mission usually takes about 15 minutes to play through; I consider this an asset since it allows me to squeeze in some game time and still get decent rewards if I only have a few minutes.  Other than the actual shooting, you'll be upgrading your defensive, offensive, and supportive gear using resources you collect on missions, so there's some light skill management involved.The weapons and power-ups are all fun to use, even though there are clear winners amongst the bunch.  The variety of power-ups you can call down during missions provides a lot of spice to vary your gameplay,so there's quite a bit of longevity to it.Watch some Let's Plays and buy the game."
76561198026706309,Recommended,394510,29167050,Posted: 10 January,all,Snoipur,"Great game to coop with friends. Just wish theres more people playing, and theres too many dlc packs."
76561198133496434,Recommended,394510,29168939,Posted: 10 January,all,^*^Chucky^*^,A lot of fun and great game play :)
,Recommended,394510,29095394,Posted: 7 January,all,zerofynite,"Great game, but recommend having friends. I bought it for more solo play, it can get quite challenging but still fun."
,Recommended,394510,24086996,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ancus Tatius,"A great game overall. Good variety of weapons and unlocks, so far I've not found a weapon that is an obvious upgrade to any other weapon, so there should be something to fit most playstyles. Only negative thing to say about it really is the occasional game where you get an idiot on your team, but that seems rarer than in some other games so not too bad.A game well worth purchasing, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,394510,24090487,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SupagreeN,"I love this game. It's one of the best Sony has ever put out. Seriously.It feels like Starship Troopers had a baby with Diablo had a baby with Call of Duty....and that baby is beautiful.I'm addicted, and it's endlessly replayable.DONT WAIT, BUY THIS FRIGGIN GAME. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT."
76561198075634331,Recommended,394510,24028165,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TheCmar7,"I love this game so far, I am very bad at it. I love just jumping in a game and shooting some bugs and then accidently shooting my teammate and then getting kicked."
76561198067523872,Recommended,394510,30802307,Posted: 28 March,all,El Macho Papa,"To the new recruits, Super Earth Welcomes you!Be prepared to put holes as big as watermelons to both your foes and friends alike. That is, If you don't crush them with your strategem drops first.---I've played a lot of Helldivers and enjoyed it immensely, but one might have issues with the DLC's as there are a lot and it might cost you more than the cost of the base game itself altogether.  I never truly liked how the devs priced those.You may find yourself depending heavily on a few of the DLC gadgets there like the all-terrain boots or the remote explosives.  I would suggest getting all of it in bundle price. Hopefully, by the time you'll find the game repititive you'd get your money's worth."
76561198022584267,Recommended,394510,23495722,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,The Evil One,"Cheesy with a side-order of extra cheese.How about you sit down and take a sip of Liber-tea and play this game? Wait, who's that knocking? Freedom!? Why yes!Rain death and destruction upon xeno' scum as you Burn the Heretic, Kill the Mutant and Purge the Unclean! For this game is as close as your going to get to a decent kill team Space Marine game anytime soon. With decent co-op.Now, go forth and kill your enemies... and friends as well with some ""accidental"" friendly fire.*sips Liber-tea* Mmm... tastes just like oil."
,Recommended,394510,32358764,Posted: 11 June,all,andyqv5,It's a really fun coop game. i like the concept and it's pretty intuitive to pick up. Recommend for groups of friends that want to play a game and have people of varying levels of gaming skill.
,Recommended,394510,32352644,Posted: 11 June,all,Michaelum,"Fun, fast to start and quite customizable for the long run. They delivered, GG"
,Recommended,394510,32233460,Posted: 6 June,all,Goonzogamer,"Tight, satisfying gameplay with unique & engaging mechanics. Coding in call-downs in the middle of a fight is a uniquely tense experience. I love the wide variety of weapons & equipment to fight varied enemies, and this includes the DLC - which is well worth it.Friendly fire & other hazards took some getting used to, but undoubtedly add to the frenetic pace and campy character of the game.A great game with a whole lot of personality and the mechanics to back it up."
,Recommended,394510,32424658,Posted: 14 June,all,□ Polski □,"Great game to play with friends, can get boring after a while though as there is lack of content"
76561198296013209,Recommended,394510,32177665,Posted: 4 June,all,DonAndri,"I would like to recommend this game everyone, who is seeking a cool game to play with his mates. Despite the costs, get all DLC to make the gameplay even more interesting!""Wanna taste some liberty?"""
76561198050532931,Recommended,394510,31967631,Posted: 26 May,all,Fist of Greeting,FUN
76561198073153063,Recommended,394510,32012008,Posted: 27 May,all,Don Edgy,Fun twin stick shooter.
76561197999121494,Recommended,394510,31972822,Posted: 26 May,all,Stv,Can't recommend this game enough. If you have a friend or two or three to play with it's a good piece of fun that is equal parts challenging and hilarious.Nothing beats watching a friend get killed by your own extraction craft after a successful mission. :)
,Recommended,394510,31929019,Posted: 23 May,all,Flamingdodo,.
76561198061522994,Recommended,394510,32470580,Posted: 16 June,all,Ellchell,Great game I feel like a theif getting it for just a fiver during the sale
,Recommended,394510,32735922,Posted: 24 June,all,lamyipming,Really fun and enjoyable. Best multiplayer game ever!
,Recommended,394510,32735138,Posted: 24 June,all,NegroConChiva gamdom.com,"This game is really fun and frustrating.At first it seems booring as ♥♥♥♥, until you reach easy dificulty (dificulty 3). Then it starts getting interesting.The mp is well populated, and its a caos because of the friendly fire, you might call an air strike and kill 3 of your teammates and then die and lose the entire mission, but its ok because you can hear them scream on the mic.The game crashes to the point it is unplayable (at least for me) unless you play it on safe mode._______________________________________________________________________________The game content is good, it has a good variety of diferent weapons (long range/medium range).It has perks and weapon upgrades, which you earn as you progress.It also has unlockable skins like borderlands.A lot of skills to choose. (Support skills such as ammo packs, defensive skills such as a defensive turret and agresive skills those that will surely kill your friends too)._______________________________________________________________________________Missions sometimes feel repetitive, but each one can be compleated on diferent ways, there never is one way to finish a mission.You have 3 races to fight agains, each with its unique type of enemies.________________________________________________________________________________Friendly fire is everywhere, when you drop you can kill your allies, when you call for ammo packs, for a turret EVEN WHEN  EXTRACTION♥♥♥♥♥♥COMES YOU CAN DIE. But this isn't a bad thing, this is what makes helldivers such a good game, what makes it funnier.________________________________________________________________________________Just remember, the tutorial is booring as ♥♥♥♥, the first 2 dificulties are also booring as ♥♥♥♥, then the game starts to get interesting. To make things even worse, the first 2 dificulties don't give any xp (almost) so you might be stucked there half an hour or maybe an hour. But at least the missions are short.________________________________________________________________________________One last thing, beware of ""MURICA"" jokes, they are  E V E R Y W H E R E."
76561198039487971,Recommended,394510,32732871,Posted: 24 June,all,[82DK] Davian Wim,"A fun coop top down shooter which is executed well in some parts, and poorly in others+Friendly Community, i met and made friends with good people here. But rude players still exist here and there+Combat is quite fun and fast paced. Enemies will spawn on your left, your right, and sometimes on top of you+Sometimes stealth is a must, and completing entire objectives without raising an alarm feels awesome+Loads of air and ground supports(Stratagems) to rain hell on your enemies(or friends).+Nearly everything on the screen can kill you. Fall down a cliff, get licked to death by undead dogs, get shot by a stray bullet. Death is regular in HellDivers-Few playerbase, it's especially hard to find a public game in Asia-On higher difficulty, combat can be quite frustrating unless the squad understands how to assess the situation-Once you reach a high enough level, the game can quickly become stale-Some DLCs are mandatory to progress without a hell of an effort(All-Terrain Pack)-Game is no longer updated with contentsOverall, i recommend it if you have friends who likes the top down shooter genre.I spend most of my times in the game helping friendly new players hunt for samples for upgrade points and dropping nukes on hostile new players when they skip tutorial and think this is some kinda PVP game."
,Recommended,394510,32749962,Posted: 24 June,all,Tasluk,On its own its a fun game.. but I just cant help comparing it to Alien Swarm which beats it by far in comparison. If you dont want to spend money go play Alien Swarm. Still a fun game but maybe only get it on sale. Would be worth $5.
,Recommended,394510,31979737,Posted: 26 May,all,xor511,"I would say this is a great social game. If you are looking for a game to play casually with your friends, this is a very good option alongside with Worms, Magica 2 and Orcs Must Die.If you are looking for a serious or competitive kind of game, or a game that offers great replayability played by yourself or with strangers, you can enjoy this one, but you should probably consider other options.I found the community to be a bit unfriendly to newbies, I got kicked out of groups a few times with no explanation when I was newbie, but it is not really that bad."
,Recommended,394510,22069462,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Comrade Necron,"I'm in a squad of fourwe drop inwe all call in thingseverything hits either something else or annother helldiverwe go, and all leave with two ""accidentals""then we drop onto annother missionsomone nukes the spawnthe survivor calls us back down and we get our stuffwe solve EVERYTHING with nukes, and stand on the calldown beacons.we still win, despite somone always exploding or getting crush no matter what we are doing (including extraction, somone stood on a live grenade instead of getting in)everyone on that squad was a relativly experienced player.10/10 would be a bad solider again"
,Recommended,394510,32753006,Posted: 24 June,all,messymaj,love it like halo spartan ops but better
,Recommended,394510,32337348,Posted: 11 June,all,Goldenbukkit,"Great game in lot of way. Loved the fact that people can join anytime (which can be turned off)Lots of people would recommend getting the Deluxe Edition, but I would advise against that as most of the better weapons and stratagems are unlocked as soon as you get the DLC (which is including in the Deluxe Edition) throwing off the passing. I personally recommend that you get the main game get to rank/level 20 then see if you still want more."
76561198057467068,Recommended,394510,32381201,Posted: 12 June,all,MeatSteaks,"Wild and intense fun to be had with friends online.Its fairly light at heart, which makes those friendly fire incidences all the more memorable (in a good way).The gradual improvements in skill, teamwork, and gear upgrades lead to very satisfying progression to and past those harder levels.We got about 45hours out of this game which I consider good value.I would not recommend using a controller, keyboard and mouse was much more fluid.Oh and the OTT patriotic theme was a good surprise."
,Recommended,394510,32030354,Posted: 28 May,all,Tired Sloth,"I've enjoyed this title a lot, the variety of weapons and accessories leaves you with a lot of options in how you want to tackle the mission at hand, granted more freedom is given if you play with a group. The single player experience is very unforgiving, especially when it comes to suboptimal loadouts.At the same time some of the most frustrating elements about the game can be the players seeing as how the screen is shared amongst the entire team all it takes sometimes is one person running off and locking everyone down. Learning to play around bad teammates was probably one of the most enjoyable parts of the game for me personally, simply another difficulty factor.I would argue that, some of the DLC is very useful bordering on too good. Such as the terrain expert perk letting you ignore the mechanic which is meant to make snow maps difficult.Besides that one DLC the rest is very much just more variety for your loadout and/or appearance should you desire.Another drawback for the people starting to play the game is that the galactic campaign system doesn't do itself any favours as unlocking abilities require you to play particular planets from each enemy and in some instances those can be unaccessible for extended periods of time depending on the current War.The game isn't without its problems but overall I think it is a very enjoyable experience.Controller recommended."
76561197960912290,Recommended,394510,32849460,Posted: 27 June,all,Vividnightmare,"A fun concept, well executed, but VERY repetative. It plays a bit like a twin stick shooter, with slightly more depth. You summon objects from the sky, they kills enemies and your team mates half the time. You'll die from team mates more often than enemies in most cases. Difficulty ranges from easy to insanity. The biggest selling point for me is the satire/idiocy the game takes, I love the 'extreme democracy' kind of stuff. Overall I'd give it a 7/10. I'm sure there are plenty of people who could sink hundreds of hours into this, but the variety just isn't there for me. There are 3 races which you can fight against, each is a little different in how they'll approach you for combat, but the rule is the same, you can't hold out forever. You have to focus on objectives which are either, take & hold, escort (awful), disarm bombs (fun actually) and briefcase run (CTF basically). The objectives are simple, the gameplay is simple but slick. The real issue I have is the levels, really there are only 3 environments and every mission is a randomly generated re-hash of one of those. Even with ALL the DLC included, I just didn't feel like there was a lot of potential there. If I had some friends who were into it, maybe, but as it stands while I did enjoy the experience (and I previously got this on the Ps4), I just realized it wasn't worth the price tag for me, but I'm sure this could be a fun addition to plenty of peoples collection."
76561198006943783,Recommended,394510,32893050,Posted: 27 June,all,KingRyano,"I'm more of a fan of casual games and I found the tutorial a little intimidating for this one.  After a few months of just sitting in my library I decided to push through and give it a try.  Very glad I did.  The controls are a little tough to get the hang of, but after a bit of wrangling with my Steam Controller, I got things how I like it.  Single player doesn't have much to keep me intererested; fortunately the multiplayer is a ton of fun.  It's the type of game where even when we all get wiped out, we're usually laughing hard at the same time.  I will say that it is a little hard to fight against the bugs because it seems they are always quickly defeated whenever the campaign resets.  A minor downside."
76561197971480518,Recommended,394510,32835890,Posted: 26 June,all,Rorindir,First mission one the easiest difficulty. Ezpz.jpg then the shuttle dropped on me killing me at the final exctract. 10/10
76561198012430162,Recommended,394510,32808015,Posted: 26 June,all,mightybuddah,"Bought this game on a whim. Played through the tutorial and immediately hated it (controls were wonky and loose, hated the button combos for strategems) and planned on getting a refund but I gave it one more shot and started the campaign. Boy was I wrong. Playing with strangers is a complete blast. This game is HARD and you'll die a lot. Half the time via friendly fire hah, but it's all in good fun."
76561198098759841,Recommended,394510,32881180,Posted: 27 June,all,BoneFart,awesome
,Recommended,394510,32795419,Posted: 25 June,all,NPC,"Great modernized version of your average twinstick shooter from back in the arcades.Great graphics and feel (guns really pack a punch, anything that shoots a projectile feels solid and hefty). Large skill ceiling related to strategems (call-downs that you must call using a pattern of dpad directions - again, very arcadey and great) and playing with others. Friendly fire is always on, and it works for this game.Be warned, the game gets tough quick - if you are down for some challenging 2.5D gunplay with coop, this game is for you.Love this game, wish more people would try it."
76561198018763449,Recommended,394510,32794831,Posted: 25 June,all,VictorZulu,Haven't had this much fun playing online in years. Seriously. I'm not even playing with friends. Just random strangers and it's a blast. Everything about the game is well thought out; features such as dropping equipment that would just be a simple button press in another game need to have tactical thought and skill to do successfully under stress in this game. I highly recommend you pick it up.
76561198033488938,Recommended,394510,32818813,Posted: 26 June,all,Robin Tamada,"Totally Awesome!!!I mean, what's more fun than playing as Planet's America, spreading democracy throughout the galaxy.10/10 time killer20/10 when playing with your squad."
,Recommended,394510,32865481,Posted: 27 June,all,Kentucky Thy Grill,"This game is pretty fun, the DLC is must have if you truly want the Helldivers experience."
,Recommended,394510,32920803,Posted: 28 June,all,Zoop badoop fruitloop,So good
,Recommended,394510,32916877,Posted: 28 June,all,horiz0n,"One year ago, my friends and I bought this game. They said it's easy and it's gonna get boring very soon. We refunded it. But this game is so dope I can't forget about it even a year later. I'm not refunding this good♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore."
,Recommended,394510,32917942,Posted: 28 June,all,Khail,This is one of the best games I've ever played. Great gameplay and controls.
,Recommended,394510,20125727,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cresent,"Amazing game, awesome devs, just wish there was a bit more content!"
76561198063266577,Recommended,394510,32928459,Posted: 28 June,all,In~SpectrE,is fun to ply with frd
,Recommended,394510,32940547,Posted: 28 June,all,siraniks,"11/10 Would do fidget spinning aka capespin ...worth the buy, and please do buy the whole DLCs ..."
76561198043592701,Recommended,394510,32914618,Posted: 27 June,all,HerbDaily,Nice and fun game..Co Op is really fun!
,Recommended,394510,19505149,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Arch,Worthy sequel to Magicka: Vietnam with moregunsfreedom andmechsdemocracy.
76561197989362706,Recommended,394510,32986859,Posted: 29 June,all,Kiezrah,Great game. Nice concept few games explore and a fun amount of equipment to diversify the game.
76561198034940770,Recommended,394510,32987623,Posted: 29 June,all,Sir Thomas The Great,'murica gone galactic. 10/10 would spread democracy again
76561197960946186,Recommended,394510,32979849,Posted: 29 June,all,RC Cola Man,They call earth Super Earth. How is this not already amazing?
76561197996927710,Recommended,394510,29383811,Posted: 20 January,all,Smekarn,"Great game with mostly great community. Brings back memories of Amiga-games. Very old-school, very well balanced and extremely enjoyable."
,Recommended,394510,29382093,Posted: 20 January,all,AWildKuei,Can we staph using turrets plz?
76561198069675645,Recommended,394510,29418374,Posted: 22 January,all,NeverTotality,Have fun with your friends. Co-Op mission play with your friends. Shoot your friends. Find new friends!.Really laugh-out-loud fun with a group.Enjoiyable trying to find out which/what works for any given mission. DLC is nice but not a win button.
76561198015465759,Recommended,394510,29404235,Posted: 21 January,all,WhiteGurlWasted,GUNS! ROBOTS! SAVING SUPER EARTH! and you can kill your friends :3
,Recommended,394510,29355334,Posted: 19 January,all,Idan,"Fun for a party couch co-op with friends, can get boring alone...Aiming while playing on gamepad is ok, but should feel easier, maybe with a added laser sight?"
,Recommended,394510,29358815,Posted: 19 January,all,philler,"one of the best local coop games (besides diablo 3 on consoles, gauntlet, mashed, how to survive...) 4player on one pc - go for it"
,Recommended,394510,29356518,Posted: 19 January,all,TheRyderShotgun,THE BUGS WON'T STOP SCREAMINGWHY WON'T THE BUGS STOP SCREAMING
,Recommended,394510,29326251,Posted: 17 January,all,Psycho[ROTL],This game is deep!! Replayability is 1000hrs +
,Recommended,394510,29291527,Posted: 16 January,all,je dors,"Very good game, easy to start, hard to master, must have a high degree of patience, because be warned  a lot of deaths"
76561198044640439,Recommended,394510,29291337,Posted: 15 January,all,jonathx,"The biting cynacism of Starship Troopers (The Movie) combined with the awesome and powerful tech of, well...Starship Troopers (The Book) gives a bit of the best of both versions.  The game is very fun, both with and without friends, and (at least from my experience) even in random matchmaking the community culture is welcoming.  Progression is natural, giving rewards fast enough to feel accomplished but slow enough to keep you wanting more, and you have a lot of control over how difficult your game will be simply by picking your missions carefully and joining larger groups....but BE AWARE that the pricing is a bit steep for the amount of content...especially if you want any of the DLC.  To be fair, all the DLC items save one (the UAV from the ranger pack)'s roles can be filled by other items obtained through normal play (and only one person in the party should ever need to bring it, so if you have a friend with it, you don't really need it yourself), so you don't miss much with just the base game, but if you want to dive (pun very much intended) into the DLC it will cost you."
76561198137091390,Recommended,394510,29300292,Posted: 16 January,all,wakama | Gamer-s,HELLDIVERS !!!!!! HELLDIVERS are my favourite co-op game. It's so fun and I don't have to play it with frieds becouse it's still great fun. And this game have cool backstory :D. But game needs more stuff like guns and geras but this  is no that big minus becouse if you want get all you must play so muc. I thing is one of best co-op games of all time and share screen is sometimes problem but in tipe of game i great idea. so from me HELLDIVERS get 9/10
,Recommended,394510,29662779,Posted: 2 February,all,<corrupt_%data>,"Fantastic coop game! Played with friends, has in depth gameplay mechanics that requires cooperation with your teamates. Would LOVE a sequal that just takes everything in this game to the next level"
76561197974269128,Recommended,394510,29238310,Posted: 13 January,all,death incarnate,"Nabbed a copy for my gf and I to play based off a friend's recommendation. Hours of hilarity. :D Friendly fire is awesome, the overdone Liber-Tea is great. Reminds me of Starship Troopers the movie from the late 90's.Good graphics, great gameplay, highly recommend."
76561198112579466,Recommended,394510,31003731,Posted: 7 April,all,^4[L^7MA^1O]^7Bloody_^8Panda,"You ! Yes you ! We NEED you !Ever wished to spread DEMOCRACY accross the galaxy ? Ever wished to have a nice cup of LIBER-TEA among th skull of your foes ? Join us ! And become a HELLDIVER !More seriously, I would only advise people who still do not have this game to put it in the cart right away and buy it... Regardless if you have friends... Or not !In HELLDIVERS, you are some kind of Spacemarine/Starship trooper (And yeah the reference here is clearly visible), sent to conquer alien territories, bring democracy and defend your homeland ! For this purpose: Guns, vehicles, mecha and stratagems (some kind of special powers: Missile strikes, special guns, vehicles etc...) !But be carefull as HELLDIVERS follows the same gameplay as Magicka: Team killing, crazy control combinations and funny situations.The more you play, the more equipment you get and the more options become available to complete the missions given to you on the different planets of the galaxy, located within three different territories: Bugs, Cyborgs and Illuminates. Each land has its own set of enemies that will progressively become stronger as the difficulty will be also increasing !Useless to say that the game is mainly multiplayer oriented. But if you do not have anybody else to play with, do not worry as the systems has a matchmaking system through which you can join any party in-game and complete missions. I would definitvely suggest to join a party, as the gameplay becomes much more interesting and creates several funny and epic situations while battling hordes of enemies when completing objective !As a conclusion:WE NEED YOU ! BUY IT AND BECOME A HELLD... RELOADING !"
,Recommended,394510,29255594,Posted: 14 January,all,Penguin (* )>,"very very fun except one thing... at least one person at the end of every game gets kicked from the game, I have no idea why fix this and you have a 5 star game"
76561198063415097,Recommended,394510,30106138,Posted: 22 February,all,A Mesbah,Great game intense action
,Recommended,394510,30060370,Posted: 20 February,all,Skogsrån,"A great coop game from the makers of Magicka. In this game you shoot Xenos with friends, to unlock more tools with which to shoot Xenos. A lot of tools are also behind DLC, so I highly recommend getting the complete edition.A fair warning is that development on future content has been halted by the developers, most likely to never resume. But there is enough variety in guns, vehicles, utilities, planets and Xenos to still get a hefty amount of playtime out of it.Definitely recommended."
76561198071765324,Recommended,394510,29684325,Posted: 3 February,all,Peppertheskink,The game may seem easy at first howver as you progress to higher level planets the game begins to get tougher due to having the same ammount of health. As you unlock upgrades and strategems you can do missions more easily however later missions are extremely hard to do without other players. The game however is exciting and fun i would reccomend it to average players however people who tend to get angry at games should stay away because on later levels you will die. A lot. Always stay out of the way of supply drops and aim them strategicaly to maximise mission effency and the mission could be made easier.
,Recommended,394510,29678816,Posted: 3 February,all,Cyrus,"My friend recommended this and i bought without much expectation then the gameplay surprized me is hard and it have a challenge, it's worth it."
,Recommended,394510,29744198,Posted: 6 February,all,imkain,"I bought this game to play a local multiplayer game that I had no idea on how to play, as well as include my friend to play. What I found out was that I was pleasantly surprised how nicely done this game was created. The overall gameplay and missions, as well as objectives were done very well. Also, I should have expected this game to be done well, since the developers are the same folks who brought us the acclaimed Magicka game. I would highly recommend this title if you enjoyed Magicka and all of its goodness."
76561198015072437,Recommended,394510,29769858,Posted: 7 February,all,Que justice soit faite!,"Never had so much laugh in any coop game (and im 31). Convince one friend or more to buy it, it will be 30euros very well spend."
76561198010687016,Recommended,394510,29928985,Posted: 14 February,all,Izjeen,"FREEDOM! Fun game, but the lack of plot holds it back!"
76561198228680632,Recommended,394510,29834227,Posted: 10 February,all,BatBrat10,"This is a very good game and I do enjoy it on Steam, but I would like the option of this game being cross-platform so that I am able to play with people who have Helldivers on the PS4"
,Recommended,394510,29630050,Posted: 1 February,all,MDW,This game becomes more interesting when you found a bunch of noob-happy player and have a big willing to win the map (no word for quit)... Whatever it takes... :D XD XD
76561198041203053,Recommended,394510,29609612,Posted: 31 January,all,Mr President,good
76561198192823973,Recommended,394510,22403487,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Paragon,"The one co-op game i've found where playing the Starship Troopers soundtrack in the background fits perfectly.I'm not the only one who does this, right?"
76561198337236574,Recommended,394510,30038136,Posted: 19 February,all,SubCriticalPocket,"Only 15 simple steps are required to properly play this game.-Step 1: Play through a much needed tutorial that other people skip-Step 2: Repeat 'Step 1'-Step 3: Select an easy mission-Step 4: Properly adjust your stratagems to all ammo drops like a dumbass-Step 5: Spawn in-Step 6: Get crushed by another player who joined after you deployed-Step 7: Watch him/her get ♥♥♥♥ed by bugs/cyborgs/illuminates-Step 8: Try to kick them before the game fades out-Step 9: Type in caps very fast calling them every extreme and vulgar swearword in the book-Step 10: Repeatedly tell them to ""PRESS E"" to continue through the mission report-Step 11: Realize that most people who play this game will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or idiots from other countries-Step 12: Join a game-Step 13: Accidentally teamkill someone with your spawn pod-Step 14: Get teamkilled back by the salty ♥♥♥♥♥ that teamkilled you-Step 15: Quit and uninstall"
,Recommended,394510,29919557,Posted: 14 February,all,>>Samurai <<,"Want fun , and just kill BUGS , then this is for you :D , and sooooooo much better with friends :D"
76561198284101164,Recommended,394510,30133431,Posted: 23 February,all,LuLu,"It took me three years to unlock everything. Here is my evaluation of the game: This is a great game, a very high degree of freedom, there are hundreds of strategic weapons and equipped for game player choice, different weapons and equipped with strategic combination is not the same gameplay. Online mode lets you know the power of the team. Endless Zerg, biochemical, light is a visual feast. I give HELLDIVERS five-star praise"
,Recommended,394510,31095062,Posted: 12 April,all,NOTARON 欧阿龙,lol its good
76561198057496041,Recommended,394510,31222318,Posted: 18 April,all,Expired Coupon for Grey Poupon,Do you like isometric top-down shooters?Do you like Dance Dance Revolution?
76561197966729639,Recommended,394510,31061250,Posted: 10 April,all,Troopy,"I've currently played a little over 20 hours of Helldivers and am thoroughly enjoying it. I bought the game in a steam sale for about £8.The difficulty is really well paced, as you can choose what (hardness) level to play almost straight away.  I would strongly recommend playing the training mission, even if your an experienced gamer.There's 3 different races to play against, the harder the level of planet you choose, the tougher the enemies are that will spawn.The maps and missions are procedurally generated so you cant refine a route and repeat it endlessly, unless you keep failing the level.My only major gripe is the DLC, currently £16 for all the items if purchased together or £36 if bought seperately.In particular the ""all terrain boots"", make playing snow levels a completely different experience, and are only available through DLC.The cynical part of me would think that this is a deliberate pricing plan targeted at younger players (I'm presuming it matches the console pricing).Although i was able to finish a ""Helldive"" level 12 mission and a Boss battle I think I was carried by the players I was with due to them having much better gear than myself.The game really shines in multiplayer, games can be set to public, private or freinds (so only your steam contacts can join).Although you have health (and can equip shields) most things are insta-death,  (there is also a pick-up system ala L4D).Lose focus for a second and you walk under some equipment that gets inserted from orbit: insta-death, shoot explosives too close to yourself: insta-death, fall off a ledge: insta-death, etc.In single player you have a set number of respawns, increased as you complete objectives in the map.In multiplayer your comrades can call down reinforcements (respawns), effectively unlimited as long as someone is alive to call it.So much fun to be had I will probably overcome my skinflint gene and purchase the DLC!"
,Recommended,394510,31316286,Posted: 23 April,all,Destromech,"This game is amazing... i got all of it for $5 on bundlestar and find it has a great community, many players online at any and all times.No queues, no wait, just action and destruction.I compare this game to warframe in many ways even tho it's different in view / abilities... mainly since warframe has the same 4 man team aspect and repeating challenges to do. I love how this doesn't require you to grind one planet all the time to unlock everything, also gives you the ability to reset everything to starter gear even tho it's not exactly needed.You might get bored but i highly suggest getting a group through this game, find people with voice and use it well as this games inbuilt voice is perfect, has volume levels for each person and doesn't cause issues.Pros--Missions last 12 mins usually so fast gamingI can play this game while downloading without lag..I youtube this stuffGreat for making friendsLow requirementsCheapFunDecent graphicsCons ---Many people don't use any communication in game... some don't type or speak english at all... makes it harder sometimes for me.It's not on sale still..."
76561198302355485,Recommended,394510,31326956,Posted: 23 April,all,zaba,"This game is perfect to play with your friends on joysticks. Team up, and have a great time!"
,Recommended,394510,31330478,Posted: 23 April,all,Sh@dY .::.,"Really Nice gamesimple , fun and quick to like"
76561198071720482,Recommended,394510,28395196,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,pyr0kid,"i called in a tank, all 3 of us jumped in, player 4 joined and killed us all with his pod.8.5/10 will die again"
76561198038514167,Recommended,394510,33076235,Posted: 1 July,all,Mundicus,"This game is hilarious.There are so many things that can go wrong and they do, and that creates FUN stories and memories.Join random group for a mission  - and you accidentally smash your new teammates with your droppod.. Icebreaker!Running a challenging mission - you just got into your tank and killing off waves of enemies .. and random person joins your team and accidentally drops on you in your tank? kaboom..Low level missios are quick and fast (10-15 minutes); harder missions require more time (20 minutes - ..) But you control which missions you play and join.Haven't yet tried the endgame."
76561198021172526,Recommended,394510,33027302,Posted: 30 June,all,Noncreative,"Things can go horribly, horribly wrong in the blink of an eye, but you can also call down giant space lasers to kill space gooks in intergalactic vietnam, so 10/10"
76561197967686384,Recommended,394510,33100999,Posted: 1 July,all,Anhyzer,In the mood for a overhead shooting? This game is quick to pick up but takes time to master. You can get through most of the content solo but higher level missions require assistance from friends or random players. Highly recommend if you enjoy this genre.
76561198059582025,Recommended,394510,29551739,Posted: 28 January,all,Bloempje,Bring democracy to the heathen aliens.
,Recommended,394510,32838534,Posted: 26 June,all,4Head,"One of the best co-op games out there! Very fun to play with friends. If you don't have any friends, don't worry: I made some new friends while random matchmaking in this game :)"
76561197988148693,Recommended,394510,32994847,Posted: 29 June,all,Rosbjerg,"It's pretty obvious that this game was developed by the people behind Magicka - and in many ways this is a more streamlined sci-fi version, focusing on cooperation and teamplay, rather than wacky spells and a funny story.The game is pretty straight forward and doesn't offer much in the way of story, but taking inspiration from sources like Starship Troopers, Starcraft and Warhammer40K, it's charming enough that you can overlook most annoyances.Perfectly fun, for a few hours of distraction, here and there, with friends."
76561198069746894,Recommended,394510,33002636,Posted: 29 June,all,Pentegh,Very fun game to play with friends online or co-op
76561198033967550,Recommended,394510,33120471,Posted: 2 July,all,DirtyDingo,"Great multiplayer game. Don't take it too seriously, and you'll be cracking up at all the accidental deaths from 4 players trying to single-handedly save the planet."
76561197972828035,Recommended,394510,33105784,Posted: 1 July,all,Talrich,"Fun. Like Magicka. Great Multiplayer. Gets old fast, but a nice little shoot 'em up to play with friends."
,Recommended,394510,33146317,Posted: 2 July,all,TrickShot,"Got to love the convenience of this drop-in drop-out shooter game, especially when you can play at home with friends and be reinforced with some online players."
,Recommended,394510,33286106,Posted: 5 July,all,tahvero,"this reminds me to one of my favourite PS4 top down cooperative alien shootter, Alienation in a good way. Ive always liked games with aliens, guns and team based combat so this was a good choice for me atleast. I like how you can choose what to do from a large scale of different missions and customize your character freely too. this game is just great. buy it, and atleast test it out."
76561198090656133,Recommended,394510,33396071,Posted: 8 July,all,boomer549,"Think about what would happen if Britain took over the world, took hardcore U.S. Republican ideals in mind while going to space, then spreading said ideals. That should give you an idea of what this game is like. But if that doesn't quite satisfy you...You can kill someone with your drop pod. Which is carrying you.It's why I give an ""Incoming"" every time I join a server. Oh, and there's shooting aliens and stuff.The community is what surprised me most about this game, though. ""Friendly fire?"" you say. ""This game has to be troll-filled!""It isn't, though. At least, not from what I've seen. The community is actually quite chill, and not really any trolling/friendly fire incidents (on purpose, anyways).10/10 Would respawn on allies again."
76561198304153452,Recommended,394510,33470674,Posted: 11 July,all,-Bluejay-,Good Game... all you need to know
76561198163307691,Recommended,394510,33485050,Posted: 12 July,all,Abe Shinzo,This is one of the most fun games i have play.
76561198062286072,Recommended,394510,33452239,Posted: 11 July,all,Ryner Rozen,It's so fun with coop mode. One of my favorite right now.
76561198034465570,Recommended,394510,33450095,Posted: 11 July,all,Logitech,Worth it if you like starship troopers
,Recommended,394510,33091674,Posted: 1 July,all,Doggo,"Pros :Lots of content to play withDont need to buy DLCCool CapesCons :Get killed by reviving teammate as they drop on top of you without warningOverhead camera that forces everyone to move in a group which limits how strategic you can be during a missionGraphics look like high end mobile game graphics, but they're still okGood game 7/10The best dlcs you should buy if you plan to are the ranger dlc, support dlc, all terrain dlc, and vehicle pack dlc. others are kinda meh."
76561198319509071,Recommended,394510,33548733,Posted: 14 July,all,☆☭Joseph Stalin☭☆,What happens when America beats russia in the second cold war? This is what happens.
,Recommended,394510,33590002,Posted: 16 July,all,cr1ph3r,Died because of a landing extraction ship for democracy.10/10 will fight for democracy again.
76561198010363385,Recommended,394510,33620944,Posted: 17 July,all,GarageGuy,"Very fun multiplayer top-down shooter. This game requires you to work as a team against the aggressive enemies that are tying to prevent you from achieving your various goals, which change from mission to mission (they are varied enough to keep things interesting through many hours of gameplay). Level up to earn improved weapons and ""strategems"" - adiitional weapons, gear, static defense, air strikes, or vehicles - that you can call down from the skies via a varying-complexity button-press series. The tone of the game callls to mind the movie Starship Troopers, with the same satirical way of depicting a society based on waging war against other intergalactic races. Highly recommended for those who want to have fun working together to mow down enemies and keep the galaxy safe for democracy."
76561198027347741,Not Recommended,394510,30485721,Posted: 12 March,all,Fp.S,"what i thought when i first bough it and played it""One of the best games i ever played.Controller suppportSo much fun with friendsEven the ##### friendly kills are funI hope it gets more updates in future.I checked recommondations before buying it and it is litterally worth it""i got in contact with the developpers and i got this :"" we are very sattisfied about the game for now so we are not expecting any updates soon""adn the game has been stuck there for evermany gamers asked for more DLC or more updates and we were willing to pay more for this yet -_- not expecting any updates soon"
,Recommended,394510,33648299,Posted: 19 July,all,The Happiest Banana,1st multiplayer game: My insertion pod landed on a teammate. 10/10
,Recommended,394510,33644144,Posted: 18 July,all,RelicLord,"Still some of the most fun you can have hating your friends and screaming at robots.Pro tip: if you see a teammate grab cardio, abandon ship."
76561198007173080,Recommended,394510,33661094,Posted: 19 July,all,stephen_fk_findlay,"This game is a parady of starship troopers [watch that movie if you haven't seen it already]the game is very intelligently designed,layed out in a mixture of rpg/rts style this game is so refreshing in it's executionthe level design appears basic, but you will need your skill and witts about youit was such a shame that i didnt hear about this game when it first came outbut i'm definately glad to be playing it now."
,Recommended,394510,33712666,Posted: 21 July,all,Settings,SAY HELLO TO DEMOCRACY!!
76561198141714041,Recommended,394510,31192913,Posted: 16 April,all,Jujube100,$20 version of Alien Swarm
,Recommended,394510,33757384,Posted: 23 July,all,d10sk0ur01,"I find this game fun.  - oNe thing that really immersed me is the level of detail that has been taken care of. The units switch weapons or interact with the weapons the have really in a true military way, the animations of the little puppets down there are so cool that it's a pity I don't have my big pc with me to play this. It's a funny simple game. Amazing to play in team I love to paly team with random players (if they are not EGOs).Planets have different looks, there is kinda of a story. The game is reproducing the Murica (USA) BULL sh iit of the democracy exportation, business, violance and imposing of regimes it has always had since Great britain was pushed back in  england.The hell divers are cool mostly in multiplayer, immersion is high. The game does need a good RAM and average videocard. But RAM as rhum is important.Anyway make sure not to drink and dive ever.(comparing to Running with rifles I prefer this one, at least there is a logic but it's not infinitely extended and operaitng outside the limit of the screen, instead in Hell divers you need to cooperate with team mates or you even might squeeze them inside rocks and screen limit advancing).Running with rifles is cool too but sincerely I could not find a really cool community there, a porpose and at least 3 4 times different people shot  others just for the sake of telling them to wait or just randomly.Hell divers gives a sense of purpose, you feel as a team, just as few other games. I found 1 prick but he was level 33 so...And many helpful ppl.Good game, worth a try!"
76561198018858759,Recommended,394510,19637067,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Hollow,"tough game, it's fun and cool :)"
,Recommended,394510,33872003,Posted: 28 July,all,Norric,"Great... Game... 9/10The Story itself might sound overly clichè, but the game itself is fun and actioned packed and makes up for any blandness with most of its gameplay elements. Whether you're fighting against Aliens, Cyborgs, or Bugs, the gameplay never seems to dull. Its basically a more tactical twinstick version of Destiny (seriously, the HellDivers look like the classes from Destiny) and handles really well. TeamWork and Tactical Precision seem to matter the most in this title, just be sure to not shoot your Team-Mates in the back of the head.I do wish there was more customization in the game. The armors all feature the same dull hue, with the exception of a few biome specific variants. Its not a big issue but I just think it would be cool to allow players to further personalize their HellJumper.Lastly, I am not sure if anyone else has this issue, but while using a controller, I can't use my Keyboard to type in chat. I will hit the Enter key but no chat box will pop up. The only way to fix this is to unplug my controller but while typing, I'll add clone of myself into the game. If there is a way to fix this, let me know. I am running my PC on Windows10, and I have a ""wireless"" logitech controller that connects through a small USB fob."
,Recommended,394510,33894792,Posted: 29 July,all,PublicWifi,"This game is so f***ing fun. I don't care about negative reviews or the dwindling player base. Please watch some youtube vids of this game. So worth it. If ya wanna play, hit me up. Love getting team killed and listening to everyone laugh at my♥♥♥♥♥♥ant rants!"
,Recommended,394510,34048983,Posted: 5 August,all,baa baa black goat,AMERICA - ♥♥♥♥ YEAHThe Game
,Recommended,394510,34086459,Posted: 7 August,all,Błękitny,Good grind.
,Recommended,394510,34189556,Posted: 12 August,all,Doge Shyu,"Good game with tons of teamwork, and team killing. :3"
76561197985107567,Recommended,394510,34336950,Posted: 18 August,all,moQbara,"Yeah it's silly and repetitive but I like that. You will love it for a while, then get bored, then play 20min a day. And it'll be great :-)."
76561198262233191,Recommended,394510,34357350,Posted: 19 August,all,CHITOWN,GREAT GAME AND FUN TOO.
76561198024302184,Recommended,394510,34356578,Posted: 19 August,all,Ratman,"As a longtime lover of Starship Troopers, this game scratched an itch I've had for a long time in a surprisingly simple way. I play very few games online, but this is one of my exceptions simply because it is so enjoyable (and chaotic) to beat a helldive level mission as a group. What are you waiting for? Super Earth isn't going to defend itself, JOIN THE HELLDIVERS!"
,Recommended,394510,30166899,Posted: 25 February,all,Cusser,I'm changing my review on this. It definitely wasn't for me but I was perhaps a tad oversensitive when last I played it. The mechanics are solid and some attempts have been made at making the game fun. I much prefer their other titles but this is by no means a bad game.
,Recommended,394510,34412281,Posted: 22 August,all,414N,I'm so addicted.
,Recommended,394510,22786292,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Calvins Freedom Express,"A very fun top-down shooter mostly based on teamwork and cooperation.In HELLDIVERS, you are essentially the human race settling in a new home planet for what is called Super Earth. However, there are 3 factions that call for war and you are required to fight them in order to liberate their sectors to gain peace amongst human and other species.+ Large variety of equipment and ""stratagems"" (Call-ins that can provide support or bring in a piece of gear). There are a lot of weapons that you can choose for certain types of missions or if you're wanting to change your style. As for stratagems, there is also a large quantity of those that you can chose and a type for each different scenario, also has substitutes if you have yet to unlock the one you want.+ 3 different factions/species you can fight against. (Unless that faction has been defeated)Bugs:Oversized cockroaches that will tear you apart if you get swarmed. Or are willing to spit acid on you.Cyborgs:Some weird cult believing in mechanized humans. A combination of human flesh and metal.Illuminates:Aliens. Highly advanced and rather annoying with all of their gadgets.+ Enemy patrols can and will call for back up if you are spotted and haven't wiped out the patrol. Wiping out the patrol before they can send a signal will prevent their back up and you can continue on your merry way of completing the mission. However, allowing the patrol to signal for reinforcements will cause you pain and misery in the higher difficulties.+ Very basic controls, stratagem call-ins require you to do some button smashing, but it's fairly simple. Until you screw up, that is.+ A long ongoing war that will continue regardless if you lose or win. Losing requires for the WHOLE community to not play or to be so horrible that they manage to lose the entire sector, which allows the enemy faction to invade your home planet. On the other hand, winning will be a long, hard journey of triumphing multiple missions in order to claim important cities and sectors alike.-+ Large amount of DLC. Can be see as a con as some DLC are not worth getting or if you're a not into paid DLC. However, you can get all of the DLC if you want to support the devs or get the Digital Deluxe Edition whenever it goes on sale.-+ Small Stealth aspect, it's possible to avoid any conflict, but you better be looking on your map every 5 seconds and lie on the ground whenever you spot a patrol passing by. Be aware that suppressed weapons won't hide you. Learnt that the hard way.-+ This can be seen as a con or a pro. The camera is based on the entirety of the squad, forcing you to stay with the team. Also causes issues when the team is horrible at placement, causing you or someone to have a VERY limited view."
76561198040329173,Recommended,394510,34569126,Posted: 28 August,all,PuppiesOfWar,"Super Earth...Super Earth...Super Earth, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Comin’ again to save the mother ♥♥♥♥ing day yeah!Super Earth, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Freedom is the only way yeah,Aliens your game is through, ‘cause now you have to answer toSuper Earth, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!So eat some lead, and go die a lot,Super Earth, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Helldivers coming down for you now,It’s the guns that we all share;It’s the fight for tomorrow, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Shotguns, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!SMGs, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!LMGs, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Assault Rifles, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Marksmans, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Lasers, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Arc Tech, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Explosives, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Resupply, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Reinforce, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Turrets, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Motorcycle, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!HAV, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Exosuits, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Airstrike, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Jump Pack, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Hellbomb, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Emergency Beacon……uhhh, ♥♥♥♥ yeah?Laser Aim, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Stun ‘Nades, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Heavy Armor, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Cardio, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Injectors, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Smoke ‘Nades, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Incen ‘Nades, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Displacement, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Strong Arm, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Pyro, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!Gunslinger, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!BootsAlso the game is damn good fun"
76561198080451397,Recommended,394510,27989994,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Commissar Reid,"This game never gets old. Prominently features the following:-Killing your enemies in a show of might, motion and firepower.-Killing your friends in a show of might, motion and firepower.-ODST/Mobile Infantry/Space Marine combo.-Nuke 'em From Orbit, the only way to be sure.-Killing yourself in a show of might, motion and firepower.-Killing your enemies, your friends, AND yourself whilst trying to get more ammo.-GRENAD... nevermind.-GET DOWN!Have a cup of Liber-Tea! Commissar out!"
76561197986068675,Recommended,394510,34939744,Posted: 13 September,all,TazZero,Community is hilariously garbage but the game is fun with some replay value.
76561198044071847,Recommended,394510,35096796,Posted: 20 September,all,Cynical Patriot,Good twin stick shooter that has friendly fire on at all times. Toxic community and overpriced DLC
,Recommended,394510,35117755,Posted: 21 September,all,Dat ass,It's good fun with friends. I have played this on PS4 as well as on PC and it's nice. I love that this game was made to be local multiplayer for PC! Beating the game everytime I launch it is somewhat annoying but I don't really mind it most of the time.I don't have anything bad to say about this game.
,Recommended,394510,33681752,Posted: 20 July,all,Bortek,Great fun with friends
,Recommended,394510,34564296,Posted: 28 August,all,The Sorrow,Dogs are your worst enemy.
,Recommended,394510,20920971,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,B ROCKSTER BRIAN,"This game is awesome, Grab some buddies, get this game and this could last you weeks, i did the same and i still cannot stop playing."
,Recommended,394510,19631894,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Viper,"Helldivers is like a person who's trying to walk.Left foot steps forward, while right foot steps on it. Then right hand tries to pull left foot out, while left hand is scratching head idly. Now right foot is mad because left foot was under him."
,Recommended,394510,20146031,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,LaRZy,"8/10It's Like Alien Swarm, only better.!Probably the best twin sticks shooter available on the PC. 2015"
76561198090421829,Recommended,394510,35143347,Posted: 22 September,all,Zero,Helldivers is the apex of twin stick shooters. They did a great job with the multiplayer. You can have two people on one computer playing with two people on another computer or any combination of that.
