user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198042628923,Recommended,394540,18044008,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Kloodge,"This is a fun game, with a good atmosphere, tight controls and a good variety of smart-ish enemies.There is a story to follow but you are free to take your ship to one of several planets and explore. Some of them require a certain item that you must find or buy first to be able to safely go there.There is no controller support, which is unfortunate for a game like this. It does work fine with xpadder.You start with a hand gun with unlimited ammo (although it does overheat and you have to wait a few seconds for it to cool off). I found another weapon about 10 minutes in to it. After 4 hours i have 4 weapons.The enemies are not the standard 1-2 hits to kill. They (and you) have HP, not hearts. Some of the early enemies are taking many hits to kill (you can't see their HP.) The enemies do have simple AI and do more than walk back and forth.Given that a screen with 3-5 enemies can take a little while to kill, the checkpoints seem a bit far apart for my tastes, but I'm not very patient with redoing content.Because of the distance of the checkpoints, for me at least, the fast action seen in the store page video is just not realistic. You can't jump around getting hit as much as the video shows without constantly running back to the last checkpoint to get healed. It could get faster paced once I find more weapons, but so far it is more of a careful crawl to make sure I survive to the next checkpoint. This is especially true when you also have to go through a long series of spikes and moving blocks.The checkpoints are my only real complaint about the game. It might be better if the enemies dropped some form of HP.The bosses are on the easy side.Once you get a ways in to it, there is a suprisingly large variety of enemies, most of them unique in one way or another.Overall it's a pretty nice game, and worth the price.Edit: I finished the game in just under 7 hours. The checkpoint spacing was not as bad as it seemed early on. They are a bit sparse in the beginning areas.The bosses remained fairly easy all the way to the end. The final boss took me three tries, and I was one hit away from doing it in two tries. No boss took more than three tries. About half of them I killed on the first attempt, and I'm not especially good at boss fights."
,Recommended,394540,28953718,Posted: 2 January,all,Sweep,"About Spaceport HopeThe plot is an excuse - early on, you run afoul of The Man and go to jail - never comes up again. Medical supplies are tampered with, but no one mentions it outside of The Plot, and the planetary government doesn't seem to care. There are 2 dudes who mess with you regularly, and you aren't ever sure why Odds are good they work for the big bad, but that doesn't really get confirmed one way or another.An epic sci-fi themed MetroidVania. A huge hand-crafted world packed with 13 unique bosses, a gripping story, and tons of enemies, Spaceport Hope is the ultimate test of gaming prowess.Release Date: 16 Apr, 2016The GameplayNone of this matters, you are here to run, jump, and blow [expletive] up - and, oh lords, can you! You can control quite a bit of where you go, both on the ground and in the air, the jumps feel good, and while some jumps are a little tricky, none of them are frustrating (the game tends to fall on the ""too easy"" side of things in it's platforming). Biggest difficulty is keeping yourself under control while firing (all your guns have kickback that will move you a little. When using a rapid gun, like your main one, this can add up if you don't pay attention). Also, you input gets cut when you move from screen to screen. For example, you may cross a screen, stop dead, fire at an enemy, and be knocked back into the previous screen - this can get frustrating. Also kicks in after cut scenes - holding the firing button as the boss loads won't let you start firing the minute you get control, you have to re-press the button.The LevelOn the ""blow things up"" measure, you do have a lot of options, some of which are very fun...but you probably won't use them. Firstly, you can win without ever switching out the main weapon to fight. It's hard, but do-able. There were only a few bosses that even made me think of switching up. Further, there are 3 types of ammo, so you don't really want to use all of the guns you are given. Ammo isn't exactly hard to find, but it can be a big deal if you run out of one type (and it isn't hard to do so, with certain weapons). For example, you get a rocket launcher, a ""frag"" gun, and a grenade launcher - all use ""red"" ammo. You will almost never use the frag gun - it's half as powerful as the rocket launcher, and there just aren't that many times when you want to put out a massed number of weak shots.The Pulsar is twice as powerful as your main gun, but you'll mostly use your main to conserve ammo. If you want more oomph, you'll go to a better gun that doesn't suck ammo like a kid at a soda shop - the rocket launcher, for example, or the Ultimate Destroyer. Same problem with the Wave Gun and the Laser - too much ammo eaten for the damage dealt.Don't get me wrong, a lot of the guns are fun - a lot of fun - but you just aren't going to have the ammo to play around with most of them a lot of the time, and when you Need a special weapon, the rocket launcher is almost always the best bet, unless you have side case - using the Hydro gun to shoot through a wall, for example, the Grenade launcher for indirect fire and traps, or the flame thrower to burn a bone pile.All in AllSpaceport Hopeis a good RPG Game!8/10 From MeSweep"
76561198073522886,Not Recommended,394540,28770382,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CatsCradle,"This game I seriously wanted to like. The backgrounds and music felt very nice and i enjoyed the aspect of exploration involved, but there is too much wrong with this game to defend it. From the numerous weapons you find in the game, I found myself using only the default one(infinite ammo and didnt even need to be reloaded) or the explosive weapon for the bosses.The enemies could be described as frustrating. Many of the random mobs have abilities that make them invunerable for a time, forcing you to wait still and hope you can kill then in the next cycle. This invunerability in a lot of enemies cuts up so much of the gameplay and makes comnbat feel frustrating, especially if you're backtracking or farming money for the shop. The bosses fall into an extremely similar vein to regular mobs. You either have a ridiculously easy boss you just have to hold down fire to kill, or you have an invincible enemy that has a frustrating gimmick to deal with (the first boss on the spaceport needs you to time a switch perfectly to open up the weak spot, and you had to do it ~3 times). The expansive areas also feel really empty or confusing. At one time, i thought a seemingly innocuous pool of what I thought was water turned out to be deadly chemicals that killed my character.The plot at times feels contrived or frustrating, such as the scene where the two guys in shades just up and walk past you after a quick boss fight, regardless of the fact that you could have shot them at any time. The sudden ""aliens"" twist felt obtuse as well, having not heard anything about them until then.It's relaitively cheap price makes me not dislike the game as much as I feel I should, since I did manage to squeeze some enjoyment out of the game. If the game goes on sale, or if the developers fix it up some, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,394540,30022653,Posted: 18 February,all,PapaBrain,"Spaceport Hope is a Metroidvania along the lines of Cave Story. The platforming is tight and precise, gun selection is satisfactory, even if the upgrades are more like keys to new areas rather than abilities. I like the simplistic sprite styles (even if the dialogue box art is rather horrific), and the bosses are well done.It's a bargain-priced Metroidvania. While it's nothing incredible, it's definitely worth a shot for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,394540,32535106,Posted: 18 June,all,The Greater Good,"The Goodemphasis on exploration and a Metroid-esque world design (locations are inaccessible for plausible in-game reasons, like toxic gas in the air that requires you to obtain a filtering mask first, etc.)quite a bit of freedom to explore the world/galaxy at your own pace; planets can be travelled to fairly early on, and you're always free to ignore your main task in favor of a bit of off world exploration on the sidepretty good music that complements the atmospheremostly tight controls; the game's action is fairly fast paced and the controls are adequately responsivevery reasonable difficulty curve and mostly well-placed save pointsThe Not So Goodwhile most of the pixel art ranges from ""servicable"" (the characters) to ""good"" (the environments), the characterportraitsare downright hideous; it's a teeny, tiny gripe, but the asymmetrical, misshapen ugliness of them really stuck out; I don't know what went wrong therethe game has a very slow and unrepresentatively railroaded beginning; I wouldn't be surprised if those first 5-10 minutes ended up turning many people away, as you get no sense of the freedom and the rewarding exploration that the game actually has to offerno Steam Cloud supportthe interface, especially your weapon overview, could have been designed a bit more ellegantly; when you pick up a new gun, you're required to open a menu and ""activate"" said weapon, so that you can then equip it via yet another weapon select button; while this allows for a certain level of customization of your ""weapon queue"", if you will, it still is a strangely cumbersome mechanicOverallSpaceport Hope is one of the better, more well-designed and generally more polished indie pixel platformers on Steam. It's a fun mix of conventional action platforming and exploration, and at a little under a dollar it certainly is well worth its price."
76561198307167376,Recommended,394540,28270914,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,harry.washello,"Story-rich, pixel-art platformer6/10★★★★★★☆☆☆☆Promotional materials for the game do not promise much. Platformer shooter in 8-bit-era layout is not what most gamer are looking for. What the trailer cannot give is a taste of story and depth of the mechanics. Both are surprisingly good.Captain Coleembarks on quite an interesting adveture in the semi-open platform world. Environment limited to two dimensions is unexpectedly crowded with NPCs and quests. The hero has a spaceship and can travel to different planets. This means different graphics themes and an opportunity for the story to unfolds. Really interesting story.Graphics is below average, not only due to a chosen technology, but it is a bit uninspired and lazy. Audio is just ok. General laziness strikes on one of the first screen, during a tutorial, when a message says:Collcet different ammo.... As much as the message is funny, make sure youcollcetas much ammo, as you can - you will need it.Collcetingstuff is a part of this game, and it is fun.The game offers interesting world, quests in it, NPCs to interact with and bosses to fight. The freedom given to a player is unprecedented to platform games (known to me; I do not usually play platformers as they are basic and boring  -Spaceport Hopeis not guilty of these sins though)Summing up:positiverich storysemi-open world, NPCs2D freedompleasent jumping, shooting mechanicsrewarding gameplay, many savepointsnegativegraphics too simplified, even for 2D platformerFor this money it is a steal.Go, buy, bring hope to the spaceport!"
76561198113965908,Recommended,394540,26621793,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SomewhereInTime,This game is worth more than it is being charged. If you are a fan of old games in NES and SNES style this is for you.
,Not Recommended,394540,30453953,Posted: 11 March,all,IcePotato,"It just lacks the polish that would make it pleasurable to play. There's no map. People tell you things like ""the MINES are across from the SUBWAY"" and that doesn't help when you don't know where the subway is. I almost got stuck in the first level because in order to switch weapons, you need to press ""g"" to go into Guns, **select** the weapon you picked up, exit that screen, and then press ""q"" to scroll through weapons. That wasn't explained at all. The dialogue is awful. The items you pick up go entirely unexplained. Most enemy patterns are tedious (hit a robot, wait 5s for it to stop being invulnerable, hit again).If you can handle a lack of polish, yeah, sure, the core mechanics are fine. But if you're looking for something special or exceptional, this isn't it"
76561197989273094,Recommended,394540,26496678,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,War,"Spaceport Hope has an above average musical score for a pixelated side-scroller. This brings back memories of Commander Keen with some elements of Metroid. Spaceport Hope is an effective ""old school"" arcade platformer. There is a large array of weapons, though I found the initial gun to be more than sufficient for most fights--with the rocket launcher being the second most useful.Some boss fights are keyed to make certain weapons more viable, however, once you see the patterning, as with all games of this sort, any weapon would be a contender.My greatest critisism with the game relates to the final boss fight--you have no idea it is the final boss fight. This, for me, made it somewhat of a ""meh"" situation. I had been expecting, as I followed the story, that there would be ""more to come"". In reality, one does not need to fully explore all areas of the game to complete the primary story itself. This made for a final fight which was ""unexpected"" less in the difficulty and more in the realm of ""hmmm was that the end of the game""?I like the partially open ended exploration which is possible, however, I would have also prefered a greater emphasis on the final fight--to make it more memorable.A secondary critisism would be the large array of weapons--rather the lack of necessity of their use. I played through this game to full completion using 3 weapons(as alluded to above), and of those, 2 were vs. secondary bosses with the starter gun my main gun the entire game. Although the starter gun is supposed to overheat, and there is a bar indicating such, I never noticed any real ""cool down"" required. Its dps was more than adequate for almost all encounters. The overheating aspect of the starter gun should be increased to afford more utility to other weapons.Overall I enjoyed this title and would recommend it anytime you find it on sale."
,Recommended,394540,33484764,Posted: 12 July,all,FramePassing,"Spaceport Hope was a really pleasant surprise.The more you play the more you want to explore everything, unlock weapons and have fun with the game.Sound and graphic design are both good, overall it's just a solid little game.Reccomended."
,Recommended,394540,24381365,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TigerTrix,"This is a surprisingly fun little platformer that was a lot deeper than just going from left to right.  At first I was almost put off by the keyboard-only controls, but I used Controller Companion (also on Steam), and bound keys to my Xbox360 gamepad that felt very intuitive to me (stated below), and then the game was fun.  It is so easy to map to a controller, I'm not sure why the dev didn't.  But the game itself is a platformer, has varying difficulty, and decent controls.  I died a number of times early on until I got the hang of it.  At first you probably will not know what you are supposed to do, but just walk around and soon enough you'll be on your way.It ran well full screen on my Windows 10 Alienware Alpha on a large TV.  It starts in window mode, but you can set it to full screen and restart it.  It is also the first Steam game I have played that runs on Java, so it prompted me to download & install Java.  As such, Controller Companion only sees it as Java when you set up a profile for the bindings, so it cannot have a workshop profile for this game specifically.  But I started the game in windowed mode, opened to the option > bindings, and then had the profile editor up, and set everything.The bindings I preferred were: A=a (jump), B=b (shoot), X=e (interact), LB=q (prev weapon), RB=w (next weapon), Down=h (mission info), Right=w (next weapon), Left=q (prev weapon), Up=g (gun menu), RT=s (shoot), Start=Esc (menu), Left Stick=Nothing (avoid issue if you click it).UPDATE: Even though I was playing on easy, I still got stuck on an early boss fight where you had to do some jumping platforming to avoid rising lava while avoiding getting hurt by the boss shooting at you, until you reach the top where the fight begins.  I always ended up with too little life at the top.  It just wasn't fun to keep replaying that part."
,Recommended,394540,20427273,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,erc,"Spaceport Hope, from a development team of four, is an indie action-platformer stylized after 16-bit console titles of the 90s. The simple yet functional story puts you in the role of Cole, an interplanetary courier whose latest job takes an unexpected turn that results in an adventure of a lifetime for him.At its heart, Spaceport Hope can be best described as a metroidvania. Yet it utilizes the adventure itself as its driving force rather than levelling up and collecting gear. As events unfold, your journey sees you travelling between the planets which are themed differently from one another as well as housing its own bunch of baddies. Even though Cole does not level up, exploration is rewarded in the form of HP upgrades and additional weapons, which is welcome since enemies take more than one hit to go down and healing is only possible through the use of checkpoints.Thus the gameplay revolves around going after your current objective and figuring out how to overcome your enemies efficiently. Alongside a few puzzles here and there, most of the areas have classic platforming hazards to mind too. It is possible to form a weapon set of ones own out of the twelve available to collect, which share three types of ammo. All weapons are prone to overheating, which is to be taken into consideration when tackling the situation at hand. Thankfully, the arsenal itself is varied and every gun has a use and strategy of its own, adding enough depth and fun to the combat which might otherwise be repetitive.Visuals wise, the game is simply pretty. All the work of a single artist, Spaceport Hope offers elegant pixel art and makes sure every visual element, be it a character sprite or a small detail like a GUI icon, works within the overall thematic vision. The chiptune soundtrack backs up the visual representation of the planets perfectly, with tracks ranging from melancholic to suspenseful in feel. Technically, it was a bug-free ride for me and the native support on offer for the Logitech controller I use made the experience even more smooth. As a sidenote, the graphical bugs I encountered and reported were fixed by the developer in a day's time.All in all, teambitclub's first title ends up as an accomplishment. If you like metroidvanias with an adventurous feel, or even 2D platforming in general, Spaceport Hope is here for an enjoyable as well as highly nostalgic 8-hour ride."
,Recommended,394540,30864089,Posted: 31 March,all,The Crackadalion Death <3,"This is a semi-short game that i think alot of people would enjoy from time off of a bigger game they just played. It has a checkpoint based save system so if you die, you lose all progress from when you last saved, so dying can be a big hamper, better prepare yourself!I'd rate it a 7/10, not a bad game, but not great. Overall, still fun to play."
,Recommended,394540,24676736,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lep,"It's a fun metroidvania style action platformer. Plenty of planets to explore each with their own unique theme. Lots of different guns to pick up and use. Decent music and pixel art to go with it.The story is rather weak, lots of generic dialogue and the plot is very basic. If I had to critisize one aspect, it would be that the game becomes very unclear as to where you should be going once you get close to the end of the game. There's a hint button built into the game, but it was no use. I had to look around on the internet to find out where to go next. Also, platforming can feel weird at first, there's some clipping that you'll need to get used to. You'll go to make a jump that looks clear and hit an invisible barrier, likely due to invisible pixels on the main character extending outward a little bit. Once you get used to it you don't notice it, but it might throw off a jump or two at the beginning.Otherwise, it's absolutely worth the price paid. I got about 6 hours out of it. Looking forward to more from this team."
,Recommended,394540,24147335,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Exit Mundi,"There's nothing spectacular here, but this is still a totally competent, cheap, and fun metroid-style game with a ton of bosses and guns, all of which are well done. I was satisfied with the amount of optional areas and secrets to uncover and felt the game was challenging enough to stay interesting. Sometimes it does lack a bit of direction to progress the storyline and the lack of an in-game map made two parts in particular more confusing than was neccessary. Still, I wouldn't expect a game coming from such a small team to be without some nitpicky flaws, and the developer is a class act in regards to fixing issues. It can be beaten in about 6 hours with every achievement and I think doing so was totally worthwhile. Definitely snatch it up the moment it hits a sale or bundle."
76561197981497075,Recommended,394540,25075413,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,`Chris*,"Alright, beat the game and unlocked all achievements - so that allows for a qualified review, here goes.Spaceport Hope is a space-themed platformer, where you go to different planets (stages) to solve a case after a trade goes wrong.On each planet there are different kinds of enemies, hidden weapons to unlock, different level design etc., though some planets are rather small compared to others.It's a standard platformer, where you fight enemies, dodge traps, collect coins, buy items, unlock new weapons, fight bosses and so on. It's a well done platformer, with great variety in enemies, and a fine variety in platform/trap design. The graphics are also pretty good for a retro/pixel-style IMO.It's a relaxing game, with a mediocre difficulty, however stages don't seem to get much harder, besides the bosses which overall are harder the further you progress. There are a total of 13 bosses, which are all unique and fun to fight. Sound effects are decent, and the music is actually pretty good and fitting for the stages.Even though there are a lot of different guns you can play around with, you can still do fine with the default gun the entire game if you are skilled at dodging and learning enemy patterns, expect if there are several enemies at once, where other weapons will a better choice. Even so, in most situation there will be a weapon choice that makes the situation easier: beam is good for enemies that can't jump or shoot back, rockets are good for stationary enemies, the homing gun is good for flying etc., but you can also jump around while dodging and just spam the default gun.There are some puzzles also, which needs to solved to unlock hidden items or sometimes progess the game, but the puzzles are quite simple so you should never get stuck on those.The only slightly annoying things in the game are the inventory/shop system and finding the objectives. The shop items don't explain what they are for, and while the game tells you what your current objective is, it doesn't always tell you which direction to go, or which planet to look, which sometimes will require you to explore a bit, although you will be very likely to to find some items and collect coins in the meantime, so effort will never be wasted.Overall it's a very well done platformer, admittedly nothing too special, but what's most important is that it's FUN and relaxing, not too easy and not too boring either, and for the very low prices I will definetely recommend this game if you want to play a  short relaxed platformer.I am rating it 7.5-8/10 on my personal scale.Pros:- Decent graphics- Very good and fitting music, decent sounds- Good level design, great variety in enemies and stage themes- Lots of different guns to play around with- Fun bosses- Mediocre challenge will keep you from rage quitting or becoming bored- Responsive and easy to use controls (I beat the game on keyboard)Cons:- The shop items and inventory the aren't explained- Finding the objective can sometime be a bit difficulty, you often know where you shoud look, but the game doesn't show the names of the sub-areas on each planet.- The story and dialogue are very simplistic, but that doesn't matter much, since you will be focused on the platforming"
,Recommended,394540,27930783,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NoWayerMan,"This is a solid little exploration platformer, an absolute steal at the current price ($1.99 US). While not the most deep or compelling Metroidvania as you can find in Axiom Verge or Environmental Station Alpha, there are several hours of very enjoyable gameplay here.Strongly recommended to fans of the genre, and for anyone looking for a 2D adventure."
,Recommended,394540,22449554,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,★ZacLink7★,"Spaceport Hope, I voted for it in Steam Greenlight and I am happy to say once I bought it I was not disappointed.It has a Tutorial option that leads into the real game. (So therefore, you are not forced to wait 10 minuets for text to go by that you don't care about. *cough *cough MegaManX5)Although my only issues were the Story and How you get other things like new weapons, everything else is great.The weapons in the game are great, the 1st one you get is really good for taking down almost everything, although I swapped to my rocket launcher a few times to deal with bigger enemy's.Now the way you become better (More HP, More Weapons etc) is by going to other planets. You are never tolled to go to these planets (except for the plot related ones) so its up you to go explore the galaxy of Spaceport Hope!Over all, if you enjoy a short 5 - 20 hour game the the price of $4.99 (or $7.99 it has changed over time.) is really cheap! Oh and if you find any glitches the support is great!Thanks for your time.~ ZacLink7"
76561198006986577,Recommended,394540,22512387,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"A fun short mini-metroidvania.  It has limited metroidvania elements, some puzzles, different weapons, and various planets to explore.  Made by primarily two guys, I look forward to see what else they develop in the future!"
,Recommended,394540,24883566,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,*P0P$*FR3$H3NM3Y3R*,"Awesome little Metroidvania with a lovely PixelArt Style.I read reviews complaining a lack of gamepad support. I didn*t have that issue, the game offered native xbox360 pad support in the keybinding  menu. All keys were rebindable and overall controls feel tight enough to play.Really a nice package for the low price. I'd recommend it anyday and tip my hat to the developer Team Bitclub.Great game!"
76561198065899864,Recommended,394540,23853693,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Petermurzin,"Nice little game with great support from the developer and comunity. The only thing that I have missed while playing its the map, anyway, the gameplay is fine, the boses are interesting and metroid style is the best for me.."
,Recommended,394540,25176296,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hem,"I was pleasantly surprised by this indie game, to the point I wanted to reach the end, which is rare nowadays.Spaceport Hope is a platformer shooter, some kind of Megaman in a very simple way. The music is really nice, the art is somehow personal (I almost felt a different tone in it, like some eastern country look or something?) and the world/narration/setting are all very nice and interesting to dive in.Now hear me out, this game is far from perfect, it has a few flaws:- no map (though it has some metroidish wannabe vibe)- loose physics (the jump option is not sensitive)- repetitive gameplay: contrarily to Megaman you only jump and shoot with no dash or powers, just different guns- and an overall ""rough"" feel to it, as if the game had been rushed. Some characters undeveloped, some dialogues which could have been deeper, some level design which feels too approximate...When you play and finish it, you could think it was intentionally made from A to W without any plan for X, Y or Z in the beginning. Or maybe it is just a first indie game by a couple of young devs with some inevitable amateurish finishing taste to it? if so it is good news! as it is a good start and I will be on the lookout for this studio's next works.All in all, if you forgive its rough looks and its imperfections, Spaceport Hope is pleasant to play and only promises of potential great other games to come."
76561198040466770,Recommended,394540,30923425,Posted: 3 April,all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,beat the game without having explored all the planets.  Kinda wish the story sent me to them as exploring them after the fact was not as satisfying.  Other than this...goo dgame
,Recommended,394540,25370915,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,predow,"This game is awesome!If you like achievement hunting, go for it.The pixel art on this game is just fantastic, it's simple but beautiful, the gameplay is smooth and so far(I've 100%ted the game) I didnt find any relevant glitches or bugs.The support team is awesome, one of them helped me with achievements, and even changed some of my saves to make my life easier, and also gave me some advice on how to get some stuff.Hey, can you just buy this game already?"
,Recommended,394540,25682227,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,The Juice,"Wonderful game! Awesome 2D side-scrolling shooter platformer with a couple of simple puzzles thrown in for good measure. If you've played Cave Story, you'll like this. It's a decent 5-6 hours long if you go for completionists style. Definitely worth the $2 imo.The only problem I encountered was when I beat the final boss the first time, his eyes were all gone but he still had a bit of HP left. None of the weapons could finish him off. Played it again and had no issues destroying him to finish the game. Yay!On the critique.- Most bosses were too easy(for me) because I used the Laser weapon- Laser weapon is OP vs most bosses(and pretty much everything)Maybe give less ammo/different ammo with less reserve- The hitbox for the protagonist is larger than the character's body. Takes some getting use to but you can manage.This is a fantastic game that is well worth the time and money. Plus, it makes it extra fun when the protagonist's name is the same as yours. :)    7/10 - Captain Cole"
,Recommended,394540,26293658,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tony Stark,Cheap metroidvania game that has some hours of gameplay. In my opinion it's worth the price.
,Not Recommended,394540,28758251,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheHornfreak,"This game is some sort of attempt at a metroidvania style game, but it fails on most fronts. The style and music are fine, but the gameplay is tedious and the story is nearly nonexistent. It's not particualraly difficult or interesting either. Hell, you can get through the whole game mostly using the initial equipment.If you're looking for easy achievements and trading cards then I guess you can buy this game cheap. I can be beaten in just a few hours."
76561198310939583,Recommended,394540,25228792,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ChazyChum,"Spaceport Hope is a medium length game which held my interest the whole time by having enough variety to keep it from getting stale.It had enough enemies to provide interest when you saw a new one, you were always getting new guns, but not to a point where they didn't have something unique about them, and the boss battles were great as well.  Enough to interest you, not enough to bore you.  The story was simple, but fit the world very well.  Whenever I got stuck, there are people walking around on a planet who would give me hints to where I should be going.  (The council resides in Olmohor, for example, if the objective said; Tell the council about the medicine.)  The only thing I didn't like about this game was the spaceship.  I thought there might but space battles and upgrades (there is an achievement to upgrade your ship), but what they really mean issome guy takes your ship so you need to grab parts and pay someone to make you a new one.Overall, a very fun game which will hold your interest."
76561197971291045,Recommended,394540,28470079,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Thrill,"A pretty solid game for the price tag. Kind of shallow, but it scratches the Metroidvania itch. (Reported play time is basically doubled from having left this alt-tabbed while doing other things; I'd say 7-9 hours.)Pros:- Some unexpectedly charming worldbuilding. Games that look/play like this often eschew a story entirely, but this had a little heart to it.- Fun areas to explore that seem massive and daunting at first. Very satisfying to realize that you know your way around them.- Good diversity of enemy behavior!Cons:- Like I said, the actual gameplay is kind of shallow. Enemies have small hit boxes and high HP. You'll spend a lot of time dodging bullets and getting off a single shot on a stationary enemy or else running away so you can spam attacks from a safe distance until everything falls down. You don't really aim so much as hope that an enemy crosses your field of fire.- Lots of little things that are more like helpful notes I'd give to a developer than complaints.So yeah, I'd go for it if you're into this kind of thing."
76561198060744818,Recommended,394540,25958404,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,KnightzwhosayNi,"TL:DR Spaceport Hope is a pretty fun Metroidvania type game that puts an emphasis on variety. I completed the game 100% in about 5 hours. Overall I would definitely recommend it for the price.Pros:Weapon Variety. While there were a number of guns I never used, there were also quite a few that I would cycle through while playing.Enemy Variety. There are a number of planets that you can explore, and each one has different enemies.Exploration. Although the story follows one path, you have complete freedom to go wherever you want. You can find different guns and upgrades scattered around the game.Cons:Bosses. There may be a bit too much variety in the bosses. All expect for the final boss were not very memorable. There are a large number of bosses, which may have diluted quality.Controller Support. I wanted to use an Xbox One controller and expected it to work for a 2D platformer. No such luck, the controller did not work at all.Overall a pretty enjoyable game. It probably won't be very many peoples favorite game ever, but for 2 dollars it is definitely worth checking out if you look Metroidvania or platformer games. I 100% the game (meaning collecting everything in the game, and also all optional steam achievements) in a bit over 5 hours, so the game isn't to long, but once again it is only 2 dollars. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,394540,26156075,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,nigerio under car,"If you're low on money i would recommend you to buy this game and play the crap outta it.(Easy Achievment Hunting)It's amazing for 0,24 / 27 cent (sale) normally 1 dollar.Pros:-Awesome Gameplay-Wonderful Soundtrack-Very nice Graphics (8-Bit Style)-Good 5-6 Hour Story, depends on how long you takeCons:-Pretty much none, everything is amazing in this cheap game, try it out when you got 1 dollar left!Overall:10/10 must play once."
76561198044229474,Recommended,394540,22779710,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","Game world, this is a solid title. Requiring a java download to go (not a suprise to minecraft players) enter the 2-D hyper pixelated world of Spaceport. Play as a rougish delivery boy who is sent on errands of which one particular job throws the player into a crime infested and highly corrupt millitary prawngame as you try to figure out what framed you into sending radioactive ""medical"" material into the hands of soldiers.Run, jump and shoot your way through a hub universe, collect firearms, trade in the black market, and keep on your toes for this journey of fun gameplay and story. Id play it, twice."
,Recommended,394540,28993292,Posted: 3 January,all,Jabbapop,"Hits the spot. If you're looking for an old school action platformer that's not too long or difficult, with graphics that are easy on the eyes and a mesmirizing soundtrack, look no further!Cons: Some of the objectives can be confusing, particularly if you lose track of which planet you're supposed to be on to accomplish them. Also, the main objectives won't neccesarily require you visit all of the planet, so be aware there's a certain degree of self motivation involved with getting the most out of the game."
76561198025240808,Recommended,394540,24984468,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tom,"Spaceport Hope is a fine little Metroidvania with a retro style. Not perfect, but satisfying. It's around a 7-7.5/10: if you enjoy Metroidvania platformers, the $2 price tag is quite fair and it's worth a look, but it's far from a must-play game. Gave me a bit over 4 hours of enjoyment. I chose not to grind out the last few achievements.PROS:+ Nice pixel art visuals. Each location has distinct visuals and its own colour palette. Visuals, not writing, are what gives this game a sense of charm.+ Solid controls. Main character is responsive so platforming and dodging projectiles never feels unfair.+ Good weapon variety. You'll be collecting different weapons up until the last level. Each of the 16 weapons has a unique feel. Ammo limits prevent you from relying on one gun, but ammo drop frequency feels fair. This is not a game where you should conserve ammo.+ Level design, enemy encounters, and boss fights are mildly challenging: enough to be fun, never discouraging. You may have to redo a couple of long platforming sections if you die between save points, but don't expect to be stuck on boss fights for more than a couple of tries. This is a game made to be completed.+ Good sound effects.+ Nice music. Lots of variety. A couple of tracks felt out of place in certain levels where a peaceful soundtrack was matched with tense action. Most were good. A couple really stood out, like the Spaceport Hope level's piano theme.CONS:- Requires Java. I didn't have it installed, and uninstalled it right after completing SPH.- Occasional obtuse design may leave you wondering where the hell you're supposed to be going or why a door won't open. (eg. To open the first door you need to switch weapons, by opening the gun menu, by pressing the G key, to 'activate' the gun you just picked up, so it enters the weapon rotation you cycle through by pressing the switch weapon key, so you can blow up the door.)- I experienced minor, temporary stuttering/frame drops after loading the game, and after gaining new weapons. This went away after a few seconds and never really interfered with gameplay.- Writing is forgettable, but doesn't get in the way. Don't expect smart dialogue, memorable characters, or a story that will make you think.- Metroidvania die-hards may not find it challenging enough to satisfy."
76561197969427154,Recommended,394540,24726118,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,вıɢ воѕѕ,"Saw this game on a sale and thought ""Why not?"".This game isn't the best Metroidvania but yet I saw games that cost 1000% more and are half as long as this one, with just better effects and graphics.Did all achievements in 8.8 hours. This could be a Twitch.tv speedrun game.I am currently playing a series of games and after two parts, I took this one as a ""break"" and was not disapointed.According to the developers, they are working on a bigger project, this was just some sort of a test AFAIK."
76561197995776115,Recommended,394540,34384510,Posted: 20 August,all,Grigou,"Very good platformer/adventure game. The gameplay is nice, precise, and the oldschool graphics are well, old school, in a good way.The only negative thing is the pad support. When playing it's allright, but it's very difficult to browse through the interface (inventory, weapons, etc)"
,Recommended,394540,24690891,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Smiffy777,"Amazing game, pretty short but it's definately worth buying for it's low price of 79p. Loved it, Would definately reccomend! :)"
,Recommended,394540,24837948,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,thepowerglove,"Spaceport Hope is a short but competent indie developed Metroidvania game with MegaMan flavored combat that has a surprisingly deep bag of tricks.Pros:+Interesting locations with lots to explore, plenty of secrets and exploration is usually well rewarded+Most of the pixel art is rather good+Responsive controls*+Nice variety of weapons with a well balanced ammo system+Some really cool boss fights and other interesting looking enemies+Not crazy difficult to get 100% achievements in a single play through (about 5 hours)Cons:-Some of the art is very bad (character portraits)-*Controller support is wonky. Dev states controller support is in beta and while it didn’t cause me to die it was annoying when my character got stuck moving in a direction I didn’t want to go-Some technical limitations. Game actually runs in Java (!) and I hit a moment of lag every time a new sprite got loaded into the game. The first time I fired each gun, the first time I faced a certain type of enemy, the screen froze for a second-WAY too many enemies that hunker into an invincible defensive mode that you must either wait out to finish killing, or bypass them entirely and miss out on dropped money. Small pink turrets, green cannons, flying death orbs, tripod robots, plus half a dozen bosses…-There is a gun you can get from some pirates in the game but it involves trekking down a long level, coming back, going down another long level, coming back from that, then through the first level again and back. Rather annoying and obvious padding. And the gun’s not even that good!Meh:=Music is hit or miss but never bad=Generic story but it has some fun bits=There are like 2 puzzles that don’t add much to the game=Early on it’s hard to tell what is background art and what are platforms or interactive objects. You tend to get a feel for it further into the game but some better differentiation would be nice=It’s sometimes unclear where you should go next. If you love exploring or don’t mind checking a guide from time to time it’s not that big of a dealOverall this is a quite serviceable Metroidvania style game that rewards exploration and allows for a variety of playstyles in combat. Minor technical hiccups, a few poorly designed enemies, and some unnecessary back-tracking are annoying, but these aren’t enough to dismiss the game. It’s also quite impressive considering the game was made with a very small team of like 4 people. It won’t redefine the genre and doesn’t really push the boundaries but I had a good time playing; it's well worth checking out."
76561198141173752,Not Recommended,394540,32487995,Posted: 16 June,all,CookieCumbs,"If you die fighting a boss, you must redo each of the animations and dialogue, which are extremely slow and unnecessary after the first viewing. Graphics are bad, not only the pixelated graphics, but the drawings of each character. There also weren't any explanations for why you fight some of the bosses. Why am I fighting a dinosaur? Why am I fighting a squid with a helmet? Why am I fighting a fat lesbian with pink hair in a recliner?"
,Not Recommended,394540,30252168,Posted: 28 February,all,felixader,"Neat potential and good ideas destroyed by its horrifying collision detection especially at spikes.This means that every object (especially spikes) collision detection goes somewhat beyound the actuall pixels of that object.Did i mention that this also means the spikes?It also does a few other sins of gamedesign like some attacks of some bossses that can be unavoidable, checkpoints before a talking sequenze, a sequenze where you have to escape a flood of magmar whil a boss shoots at you and then the bossfigfht itself.While this sequenz in itself was really need and shows that the developer has good ideas the fact remains that if you die you have to go trough ALL of these again.Last but not least the leveldesign is more aiming for a VVVV or Super Meatboy vibe then really a Metroidvania style Environment design that told of the area withing and the things that were happening in here.THAT and the narrow passages that come with that AND the awfull collision detection were what made me stop in the end."
76561198140180054,Recommended,394540,24571831,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Everyday Bro!,9.5/10 controls took some time to get used to ik you can change em but ehhhh oh and if anyone can tell me how do you get the key for the boat in the planet emeria im stuck on that level
76561197970306727,Recommended,394540,33597451,Posted: 16 July,all,Dalomarius,"5/5 Stars.  Not having native controller support kind of bites, but downloading a joy to key program did the trick.  For $.49 cents you cannot lose.  Beat the game in 4 hours.  Very reminicent of the old school Zelda platformers.  Highly recommend!"
,Not Recommended,394540,24832629,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zesty,"This isn't great at all.Xbox controller isn't set up, so you'll have to manually assign keys before playing. So far the game isn't thrilling or interesting at all. I just feel bored.Controls are sluggish and wonky. You're trying to shoot things the size of a dime while jumping. 9/10 shots will miss. Moving floors while trying to shoot at flying creatures will cause you to spontaneously change to the opposite direction.It's completely unclear what some items are for, especially in shops.I was told to go to the mines in the storyline. No one told me where that was so I guess I'll just wander around aimlessly until I find it?Why am I playing this? I can't possibly recommend it to anyone."
76561197961756026,Recommended,394540,26198405,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Sckoupe,"Please note that in the absence of any sort of middle ground I will give this game a thumbs up. If you're still unsure after reading my review wait for a sale and try it out for yourself.I was driving around last night wondering what game to review next when I realized that it had been staring me right in the face the whole time: Spaceport Hope. I had purchased it fairly recently and there was so much I felt had to be said about this game while I was playing it but by the time I was done, stowing it away in the deepest, darkest recesses of my Steam library seemed the best thing to do. Here I am, though, having dusted it off to share with you all the adventure I had with this one. So, let's see here. What can I say about Spaceport Hope? Let me break this down for you, so we can all scrutinize it together, hmm?The good: There is some good to this game but honestly, the positives are far outweighed by the negative. The soundtracks are probably my favorite thing about this particular 2-D adventure and I have to credit the developer here because I found myself paying more attention to the music than I did the game. I don't mind telling you either, that such an occurrence is very unusual for me because I have a tendency to be far more visual. While this is a step in the right direction, it's also not what you want because the music should go hand in hand with the rest of the game to create a completely immersive experience for the player but failed to do so. To be honest with you, the music was so much better than the gameplay by comparison that I would have considered purchasing the soundtrack separately if I hadn't already gotten it with a bundle.The graphics in Spaceport Hope are another one of the bright spots that are so few and far between and deserves a gold star for effort at the very least. The handcrafted pixel art is actually pretty good and a nice reminder of so many pleasantly nostalgic moments that I would recommend it on that basis alone, for all the fans of these 8-bit style throwbacks like myself.The bad: No controller support for an action/adventure game? That's a hefty blunder right from the start. It claims to have ""Partial Controller Support"" but fails to deliver on this feature, which happens to be one of the most important in the genre. I have a Razer Sabertooth Elite and could not for the life of me get it to work with this game. I've read a lot of other reviews and done some research and those who actually were able to play with a gamepad are an extreme minority. This was almost a deal-breaker for me before I even started, but I like to support indie creators of all kinds so decided to push through, hoping the rest would make up for this rather dubious mark against itself. I'm sorry to say that it did not and was forced to use irksome, counter-intuitive controls on my keyboard in order to play a sub-par game.Although the story is by no means the most important feature of a game, especially one of this type, the narrative itself was poorly delivered. The NPC's seem nearly impossible to differentiate because their dialogue is limited to dim one-liners that are far from memorable. Even the key characters only provide tidbits of information about what's actually going on in a handful of brief snippets. If you want to get right down to it, there isn't much of a story at all, just a very dry, quick and dirty plot that seems primarily to be used as filler more than anything else.The ugly: As I said before, the plot if not lackluster is direct and to the point but the problem arises when there is so much extra content that is in no way tied into the main story arch. It comes off as an afterthought that becomes tedious when you realize that you're about to fight the last boss and you still have five, six, even seven guns left to find, heart containers and some quests to boot, so if you're looking to 100% this game then sadly, this is what will happen. Just to clarify and show you what I mean: there are ten worlds to explore in order to find all the items and achievements but for people who just want to enjoy the game and beat it, only five of those worlds are absolutely necessary, one of which includes the planet used as the starting area.As soon as you start a new game file and commit, plunging in head first with eyes wide and hopes high, looking forward to an exciting action adventure, the disappointment starts almost immediately. You begin squinting as you plummet towards the reality of what you've gotten yourself into. The double jump, something that should and is usually an upgrade of some sort that offers a smidgen of satisfaction when you finally acquire it, is handed to you. I hate to say it but that isn't even the worst part because the already floaty controls make the much-coveted double jump unwieldy and difficult to use.Putting that aside for the moment, this sweet skill also comes along with a starter weapon that has unlimited ammo. Before you start thinking to yourself ""well that's not so bad, it is a starter after all,"" let me stop you right there and just say that the balance is non-existent. It is all too possible to go through the entire game armed with nothing but your first gun with relative ease because that's exactly what I did. The fire rate is insane and because there's no need to reload your weapon you can stand on one side of the screen, hold down the fire button and simply walk forward with minimal resistance. Even the achievement for beating the final boss with nothing but the first weapon wasn't that hard and I certainly did not feel like I 'achieved' anything.This takes me to my next point. The enemy AI seems a little flat and more than a touch boring. I became increasingly zoned out while playing until finally, a switch flicked on in my brain and broached the threshold of full-on zombie mode. Which is kind of funny when I think about it because this was my experience on ""Normal"" difficulty; after I beat the game and was taken back to the main menu, I was scrolling past all the settings and saw ""Expert"" mode that listed its associated alterations.--> Enemy life is increased by 40%.--> The player takes an additional 30% damage.--> Fire rate for all weapons is decreased by 40%.There's nothing wrong with this in theory but in practice, I think there's just not enough creativity put into programming the AI to warrant such a drastic increase in difficulty. The only result I can imagine is nothing short of mind numbing.Spaceport Hope sporting thirteen unique bosses, however, sounded incredibly appealing and was definitely a selling point for me, but the novelty quickly wore off after the first few encounters as they appear to be strongly choreographed and obvious. I also thought the point of having so many different guns was an indication that each boss had a corresponding weakness and some of them do but for the most part the rocket launcher will do the job quite efficiently. There's no real need and (speaking for myself here) very little desire to even bother looking for the rest of the weapons, even though I eventually did so anyway.My final thoughts are thus... Spaceport Hope is by no means a lost cause and is a half-decent time waster if you've got a couple of hours to kill. The frustrating thing about this game is being able to see all the squandered potential because by all rights it could have been an excellent side-scrolling shooter but subsequently lost its footing and fell flat on its face.Here at the end, after it's all said and done, you might ask if I would even recommend the game that could have been? The truth is... I'm torn. Yes, I would recommend Spaceport Hope because it's not all bad and there were moments where I genuinely enjoyed myself. The catch is that I would only give it the go-ahead to a small, niche fan base that can forgive or look past its failings and wouldn't mind adding this indie title to their collection."
76561198006890388,Recommended,394540,22773315,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,donastree,"The Quick: Spaceport Hope is a hub-based Metriodvania - very much in the vein of the 2nd Metroid - with a goofy story. The music was fairly good, the controls were solid, and the art design is servicable - you'll never get lost in the stage (visually) and all but 1 danger are clear and easily seen (one enemy shot is very small, and fades into the last stage's background fairly easily, especially if you've upgraded your main gun). At $.50, the game is well worth it. At $5, it's much more iffy. Catch it on a sale. 8/10The Full: The plot is an excuse - early on, you run afoul of The Man and go to jail - never comes up again. Medical supplies are tampered with, but no one mentions it outside of The Plot, and the planetary government doesn't seem to care. There are 2 dudes who mess with you regularly, and you aren't ever sure why (Odds are good they work for the big bad, but that doesn't really get confirmed one way or another)None of this matters, you are here to run, jump, and blow [expletive] up - and, oh lords, can you! You can control quite a bit of where you go, both on the ground and in the air, the jumps feel good, and while some jumps are a little tricky, none of them are frustrating (the game tends to fall on the ""too easy"" side of things in it's platforming). Biggest difficulty is keeping yourself under control while firing (all your guns have kickback that will move you a little. When using a rapid gun, like your main one, this can add up if you don't pay attention). Also, you input gets cut when you move from screen to screen. For example, you may cross a screen, stop dead, fire at an enemy, and be knocked back into the previous screen - this can get frustrating. Also kicks in after cut scenes - holding the firing button as the boss loads won't let you start firing the minute you get control, you have to re-press the button.On the ""blow things up"" measure, you do have a lot of options, some of which are very fun...but you probably won't use them. Firstly, you can win without ever switching out the main weapon to fight. It's hard, but do-able. There were only a few bosses that even made me think of switching up. Further, there are 3 types of ammo, so you don't really want to use all of the guns you are given. Ammo isn't exactly hard to find, but it can be a big deal if you run out of one type (and it isn't hard to do so, with certain weapons). For example, you get a rocket launcher, a ""frag"" gun, and a grenade launcher - all use ""red"" ammo. You will almost never use the frag gun - it's half as powerful as the rocket launcher, and there just aren't that many times when you want to put out a massed number of weak shots.The Pulsar is twice as powerful as your main gun, but you'll mostly use your main to conserve ammo. If you want more oomph, you'll go to a better gun that doesn't suck ammo like a kid at a soda shop - the rocket launcher, for example, or the Ultimate Destroyer. Same problem with the Wave Gun and the Laser - too much ammo eaten for the damage dealt.Don't get me wrong, a lot of the guns are fun - a lot of fun - but you just aren't going to have the ammo to play around with most of them a lot of the time, and when you Need a special weapon, the rocket launcher is almost always the best bet, unless you have side case - using the Hydro gun to shoot through a wall, for example, the Grenade launcher for indirect fire and traps, or the flame thrower to burn a bone pile.Musically, half the stages are merely meh, while one or two are pretty nice, and the rest fall in-between. Nothing is particularly painful, and everything is servicable. I consider the sound effects to be fairly good, if a little loud.Replay-wise, this game doesn't have a lot going for it - there isn't enough challenge to make a replay satisfying, there aren't enough secrets to make a completionist re-run it (without really trying, I cleared 95% of the game's hidden/side bits. Just have to figure out what to do with one item).Time to cost, the game is probably worth $5 bucks, but I do recommend taking it on a sale - there wasn't anything really spectacular about the experience, and 4 hours to clear the main game just isn't a great return. Definitely better than a movie ticket, though."
76561198075214178,Recommended,394540,24638974,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,<Leinz>,thrilledafter figuring out the rebindable controlsit worked nice with my X360 Pad+controls +story +style +level design+variety +technical completion++99centwell invested
76561198177029099,Recommended,394540,25068716,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Vaiserint,good 8 bit game
,Recommended,394540,30579049,Posted: 17 March,all,B-U-B-U™,"great game ,recommend for anyone"
,Recommended,394540,24677608,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,is real sietse,"played this game for a bit, had fun and was worth the price 26 cents during sale.really fun up until the lava boss"
,Recommended,394540,27755282,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GodEmperorSnowflake,"Here's a random 50 cent (on sale) pick up that my roommate and I had a blast playing through. I enjoyed most of the time I spent playing through Spaceport Hope. It's a Metroidvania RPG with shooter (at times bullet hell) action. The bosses are frequent and intense. While the controls are a bit amatuer  and the game has its obtuse moments, I still give this game a solid *thumbsup*I had 6 hours of solid fun with this title. Well worth 50 cents."
,Recommended,394540,25861629,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Mitsuaki,Great Dev team. willing to help with troubleshooting as necessary and i have so much respekt for them.game is really fun although i admit that i dont play it as much as i would like but still really fun for the amt of effort from the Devs and the price at which i bought it at.THANK YOU TEAMBITCLUB
76561198006500145,Recommended,394540,29470873,Posted: 24 January,all,anders.stenhammar,A quite enjoyable game! My expectations were low but I was pleasantly surprised.
,Recommended,394540,30206788,Posted: 26 February,all,grimmnail,"Well-made platformer with lots of different enemies,weapons of all kinds and big amount of bossesI have only one question for devoloperWhy  lifeless planet is green on map?Why pink one is brown? Please,think more next time:^)nice game,im certian you'll like it(if you interested in retro platformers,of course)"
76561197991465987,Recommended,394540,29257301,Posted: 14 January,all,gbors,"Nice little action platformer with a trace of RPG. Minimalistic visuals, large levels and snappy controls. Fun for a few hours."
,Recommended,394540,25123140,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,KamikaziFly,"Great fun game that can last over 8 hours of gameplay.XBox controller works for this, but for some reason they make you program its keys. It seems like they could have programed the keys for you by default.The game has you running back and forth completing small missions to do with medicine, which is your home planet's product. After having gotten to point A there will be a faster way to get to point A the next time (when it matters), such as the door in a train in the background.You collect coins from shooting bad guys which allow you to purchase powerups from blackmarket shops. You will also find a large majority of items from adventuring in key points.Then end story is neat and helps with the advancement of difficulty."
,Recommended,394540,27180891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,deedeedaydee,I am merel;y whoring badges in the awful steam ui. ignore me.
76561198008497344,Not Recommended,394540,22758264,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ShionKreth,"I don't like to give poor reviews, especially for one of my favorite game genres, but I'm afraid I really can't recommend this one. Havn't played long but don't think I'll play more so I'm leaving my thoughts, feel free to take that in to consideration.cons:-Wants to use the keyboard, cannot access to manu with a controller, controller support is poor; forces you to use the analogue stick for movement making it really sloppy to control and since it's not made for a controller there is one set jump height(we've had better since nintendo..).-Can only fire in the four cardinal directions with your basic gun.-The story setup is just amateurish. I'm ok with next to no story in a game but this one, at least at the start, is just silly; I'd have rather just been dropped in the field with a memo of whatever's happening. You're also given poor direction; only when you exhaust your places to go do you come to the conclusion your ship is not parked in town but instead all by itself on the other end of a monster-infested cave, because, your character is as indifferent to that kind of thing as he is to being set up and imprisoned.-No map I could find, at least at the start.-No way of knowing what pits you can jump down and which insta-kill you; I'm not really used to instant death environmental hazzards in metroidvanias either.-I don't mind pixel graphics but these were rather rough; I suppose that's a matter of personal preference, though.pros:-Nice looking and laid out environments.-Really good music.-Looks like a nice big inventory of guns to find.Hopefully they work out some of these shortcomings and streamline things because I think it's got potential; if and when that happens I'll be the first one back to give it another try."
,Recommended,394540,19980695,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,Is it just me or are video games getting better and better?orYes. Spaceport Hope plays and sounds just as great as it looks.&Moon Cave Story: A New Hope
,Not Recommended,394540,23429615,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Haseo,"I have the latest Java and does not start, I don't recommend it because I can't even open it..."
,Not Recommended,394540,30383511,Posted: 7 March,all,Irrken,"I found this game just plain annoying. I'm not sure, but I belive it was a mix of the harsh difficulty of the game and the, imho, gross npc pics that just irritated me. Now for the first (and only) time playing the game I had my friend over for the night. So I got a good kick out of the overallcrappy"" asthetic, and he had fun watching me flippout when I died.*Stupid fat lady in the wheelchair*Some key dislike notes:the dialog was awful, there are some particularly cheesy story arcs, as one of the preview pictures shows ""... I overheard them mentioning there's aHacker hideoutunder the subway.""  I also disliked the amout of damage some normal enemies deal. for one I remeber it only taking 3-4hits to kill me. One boss in particular has not only a two stage battle the first part of which they are invincible but to even begin the battle the far away check point forces you to track through multiple enemies before that.I understand that the difficulty is seen by some as a staple of a metroid-vania game, and that there may have been some satire driving game-development decisions. So If you like a towering level of difficulty with limited aiming and can find constant enjoyment in ripping apart the quality of the game, all wrappped up in a difficult expirence this may be the product of choice you use to wipe your bum with. ;)      Now I think I'll take my refund and go now."
76561198088834831,Recommended,394540,28263965,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,PsylerZ,"An excellent, unique platformer with an old school feel."
76561197970822143,Recommended,394540,33141367,Posted: 2 July,all,Highmax,"pretty simple game really, graphics, as you can see, are very simple, but works well for this game. honestly, i enjoy this game because it feels like something i could pick up when i don't have anything to do or want to play anything else."
,Recommended,394540,28729663,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gedelgo,A good little platformer. Worth a play if you liked Cave Story.
,Recommended,394540,26120884,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Llamaless,This game is lit
76561198372678667,Recommended,394540,30854423,Posted: 31 March,all,花閒煑揂,good
76561198298458651,Recommended,394540,23717705,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,mdorr300,"got for 50 bronze lincolns and really enjoyed it. the bosses are pretty simple, but the graphics are neat and retro. took about 7-8 hours, and had fun. I play many games,  but try to take on games i can play while raising the fam an dont involve getting too in depth with. very good controlls ported. cool space theme. have 30 games in my library so far, having just got involved with steam in last 3 months, and easily top 3 for me."
,Recommended,394540,24824666,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,HenrikNor,I bought the game because of steam trading cards(It took 3 hours to collect all cards)I recommend this game due to steam trading cards (buy the game when it's on sale)
76561198257119194,Recommended,394540,34213310,Posted: 13 August,all,AstrAy,+positive
,Not Recommended,394540,26239388,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Play a metroidvania with the keyboard?Apparently ""partial controller support"" was removed just after I bought the game.So unless the dev patches this back in soon I won't recommend the game as a central feature of the game isn't working as it was sold to me."
76561198286620532,Recommended,394540,30108000,Posted: 22 February,all,selver_zenica,"very interesting game,, excellent ok"
76561198113014119,Recommended,394540,33594578,Posted: 16 July,all,Shadow Ops,Spaceport Hopefast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on.good game.
,Recommended,394540,28149711,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,whoozle,enjoyable tiny game with many cute details. a lot better than a average indie pixel crap on steam
,Recommended,394540,23732348,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,✔ Your Mother,Great game!This game is best if you like platforming games. People who compare platforming games with Triple A titles are screwed in the head.8/10 for game play.I love how there are still unexplored areas even after beating the final boss.Could really use names on maps though. I spent quite some time looking for the Council.Happen to stumble upon it wheni accidentally found the hacker hideout and saw the purple background.
76561198041832614,Not Recommended,394540,23647441,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,🍀Edward 101™,"It's not bad, but not good either.If you are very desperate and don't know what you should play, try it.+ double jumps and unlimited ammo- you have to install Java ( oh please, really?! )- you have to install Java (nom nom, cookies)"
76561197985159146,Not Recommended,394540,22969104,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Pungent Bonfire,"What could have been a good metroidvania instead kills itself by starting you with a weapon and double jump instead of half an hour of local area exploration. Special abilities like double jump and even a pea shooter have more value when you know what the game feels like without. It also suffers from poor default controls, doesn't detect my controller, and no useful key rebinding or mouse aim. Couple this with poor response and Knytt characters minus the life that made Knytt fun, and the fire inside your soul dies. There are much better products on the market (Even the NES Adventures of Link) and anything poorly thought out at first glance generally is. Also, it runs on Java. Last I decided that was a cup of rotten coffee that I would have avoided were this not part of a Humble Bundle. Maybe I'm a biased tea drinker, but it's basically the worst of 3 browser game engines."
,Recommended,394540,29747239,Posted: 6 February,all,Radu ◥◣ ◢◤,A really fun and entertaining game.
76561198157412083,Not Recommended,394540,29093456,Posted: 7 January,all,Magic Thighs,"The controls are awkward and difficult to use, making for a poor gaming experience."
,Not Recommended,394540,23921763,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lisanna Derpalicious,As much as i want to support indie devs i just cant recomend it. I went with no expectation left bored. Words feel to empty and the graphic assets make things hard to distinguish especially pick ups. With steam supporting refund i would say try it but i will not recomend it.
76561198152926367,Not Recommended,394540,22118908,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,lochboii,Cannot seem to run this game. Black screen when open and then not responding. Tried restarting and playing around with the priority and affinity. Didnt seem to work either. Windows 10
76561198048363156,Not Recommended,394540,22753493,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,DeadeyeJhung,"the portraits were hilariously ugly, but then the background and foreground went blank and I couldn't play anymore"
,Recommended,394540,29837907,Posted: 10 February,all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,ˈstābəl Gejm 0.20€
,Recommended,394540,30655602,Posted: 21 March,all,'vuLdrosE #LINE KARA LORE MW .07,best game ever !!
,Recommended,394540,24144620,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ratea xDark,Card SimulatorBuy it in SaleRun in BackgroundTake the CardsSell the Cardswin win Situation
,Recommended,394540,33305367,Posted: 6 July,all,inhavok,Ok
,Recommended,394540,32922189,Posted: 28 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,good pixel platform adventure game for real gamers
,Recommended,394540,32663011,Posted: 22 June,all,Atreides,spacefort
,Recommended,394540,28320265,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,S p i r i t,:D
76561197998936099,Not Recommended,394540,24099971,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Angelbane,"Interesting and fun little game, However the control scheme makes it miserable to play... No Controller support"
76561198088025010,Not Recommended,394540,28482988,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,defender0134,"Not bad, but deffinately not good."
76561198068439325,Not Recommended,394540,30170133,Posted: 25 February,all,先生Adolf Hitler,-rep
,Not Recommended,394540,30758760,Posted: 26 March,all,| OtniP | KaueeKRL |,i dont like...
,Not Recommended,394540,33817665,Posted: 26 July,all,heerpdeerp,Looked fun but the graphics were trash and the storyline was bland. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,394540,28807370,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mecha King Kong,"Old school action platformer, like every other old school action platformer on Steam. Very boring."
76561198208188047,Not Recommended,394540,18039850,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Coffee cat,"The game has a really nice atmosphere, and the music is definitely fitting the retro vibe.  The weapons were also cool.  Overall though the game just feels kindof lifeless and unsatisfying.  Im not halfway through and I'm already bored."
,Not Recommended,394540,29638608,Posted: 1 February,all,Ganjasaiyajin,cards
,Not Recommended,394540,28362899,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lil broomstick,Better buy dank doge memes on the internet XD
76561198071570529,Recommended,394540,30596312,Posted: 18 March,all,Silmarill_SK,"SPACEPORT HOPE  is a simple but fun indie 2D platformer. Inspired by Cave Story, but probably also with old Apogee games like Crystal Caves or Secret Agent. It's not only run'n'gun, it also has subtle RPG elements and some NPC interaction. You can travel to different planets and back, which gives you some freedom of movement in the game.Even for a game worth 1€ (0,22€ on sale) you'll get really nice pixel art graphic and good playability. The game world has a wide variability of environments, weapons and monsters to fight. The enemies are especially well made, each enemy type is unique, has different attack, movement pattern or some special treat - so fighting them does not get boring. Exploring is rewarding, you can find treasure chests and secret weapon parts in distant areas.As you can see in the comments section, the developer responds to all questions and seems to be a good guy overall, this also counts as a big plus.The only dissapointment was the fact, that some planets were only 1-room levels made just to get some special loot.I would be happy if there was a sequel with more planets and new features. That would be an instant-buy for me."
76561198097067219,Recommended,394540,30467306,Posted: 12 March,all,Elizabeth,"This game is really good, not something I expected from a game with such low price. It's somewhat feels like Cave Story and Megaman and NES Castlevania, it means it got good control, difficult platforming, also interesting enemies and bosses. At other side though is somewhat weird in the level design because I don't expect a pit in a metroidvania game. My main complaint(s) is there is no map system, and the controller support is somewhat lacking. It's a good game ."
76561198365236399,Recommended,394540,30627412,Posted: 19 March,all,Awai,"Spaceport hope is a decent platforming game with puzzle and shoot-em-up aspects. Definitely not a story-rich game, but it has some sort of a plot to progress the game. There are some sentences that can be touched up, but if you aren't paying attention, you won't catch them.The tutorial at the beginning of the game will teach all you need to know to play the game. Whatever you learn from the tutorial is all you need to know for navigating through the game. After the tutorial, you will start the free navigation of the world as the main character - Cole. While the game has the mission status available, for a player playing it around the first time, it can be confusing as to which direction were you suppose to go first. So basically, explore everything and remember where things are for the future. Perhaps some more direction or instructions would've been better to tell the player where to go instead of talking to all the NPCs/going to locations to figure out that is where the lab is or that is where the mines are. So as the game progress, you get to enjoy the platofmring aspects as well as the shoot-em-up parts of the game. Killing every moving object isn't mandatory, but helps as they drop gold. Another aspect that some playeres may not like is that when gold pieces are dropped into spikes or certain niches (not pitfalls), Cole can't reach them. That kind of sucked, but it isn't that big of a deal since you can easily kill other enemies for the lost gold. After that, you just progress along the game's story plot and you will find yourself finishing up the game in no time. There are unlockables throughout the game where it requires some puzzle-ing and mass exploration on your own part. I wished there were some more puzzle aspects into the game to off set the mass exploration and shoot-em-up aspects of the game.In terms of game design, the game is fairly decent for pixel art. Definitely better than other pixel art games I've played.Game mechanics, as described earlier, are easy to pick up and I don't think they are as tight or hard to master in the game. One annoyance in the game design is the enemy hit boxes. For hitboxes are exceedingly large and the only two enemies with such large hitboxes are the spiked balls on Derelict and the guard bots (4 legged guard bots). Based on the pixel art, I am not touching the enemy, but I still get hit. Next, the bosses are interesting to fight. The game is very forgiving where they always provide a save point before a boss so you don't have to keep trying to get back to the same spot if you die. After a death or two, you will start to know the boss' pattern and how to beat it. Nothing impossible and you can even use the first gun to defeat all the bosses. You don't really need the wide variety of guns available in the game. Although, it may help for some players and offers variability into the game. Along the lines of the weapon variability, each gun has its own pros and cons. I honestly just used the 1st gun and the bazooka one the most. All the other weapons I found to be less effective compared to those two. Even the ultimate weapon wasn't as good as the first gun imo. Last thing about the weapons is the shared ammo pool. Nice concept, but I kind of wished the ammo capacities were separated from each other instead of linked together.Two negatives from me. Because the character just walks and jumps, it can get boring when you are exploring a world and you can't go any faster than walking speed. Especially when you killed all the monsters in a stage (monsters don't respawn unless you die) and you are backtracking to see if you missed anything in the stage. From the first playthrough, I did wish the character can tumble or dash to progress faster throughout a stage. Last negative is the water mechanics. During the water stage, everything is managable, but annoying since you may have to double-jump to progress through the platforms. Next, getting out of the water can be a struggle. Also, there is one stage in the game where you see a pitfall, but it's filled with water. You think you can just land in there and swim across, but it acts just like a pitfall and you will die if you drop into it.Overall, decent game. Had to play the game twice to get all of the achievements. Forgot about beating the final boss with the 1st gun only, so I had to play the whole game again to reach that point :(. Kind of annoyed from that since you can continue playing from the save slot from when you beat the game to collect unlockables, but you can't play that last boss fight again. I believe I got this game in a bundle so I do think I got my money's worth from playing this. One playthrough without unlockables would probably be just 2-3 hours, but if you want to take your time, that can get extended to 5+ hours. 7.5/10 from me."
76561198331664350,Recommended,394540,30641597,Posted: 20 March,all,TwoFourFive,"Here is my review for Spaceport Hope:(Do not mind my ingame time,  since I often left the game open when I went to work.)Spaceport Hope is an interesting sci-fi themed indie game. For me the nostalgia factor was big on this one,  for I am a big MetroidVania fan since ever. Basically you jump in the role of a soldier, who defends his planetary system against an invasion of another intergalactic race.The story:Definitely one of the big downsides.  No depth or real plot-twists and very rare use of humor or surprise moments. I don't really want to talk about the plot in detail, because I don't want to spoil anything, but then again there is not much to spoil anyway.  Pretty flat characters, linear story-telling. But I don't really feel like the plot is a very important thing in platformers and MetroidVanias after all,  so this doesn't hurt us all too much.The gameplay:This is where SH shines. The movement and physics just feel right. And although the storyline is linear,  the levels are not. You will find yourself in underground, sea and skyplatforming maps that are lovely designed and matching the sound themes. From time to time you have to solve puzzles to progress which are not complicated but do increase the diversity of the gameplay. Lots of planets to discover, 13 unique bosses and 12 weapons, that you can buy,  find or one that you have to forge out of different parts. The game surely doesn't fail to entertain us for a short time at least (and that's what an indie is for). There are a handful of frustrating situations though in which you really won't know how to progress e.g. Opening the councils door.Achievements:Since I myself am an achievement hunter I want to lose a sentence or two to that topic. They're easy. All beside of one. The 'pro' achievement is kinda a pain for quite some reasons: First of all it is indeed challenging unless you play on easy difficulty but even then it might take you a couple of tries. The larger problem is that if you miss it there is no chance to repeat the fight so you would have to start from scratch.  In fear of that I fought the last 3-4 boss fights with the beginning weapon never knowing which one is the last boss. Quite annoying . I found out though,  that if you missed that achievement you can send your safe file to the dev team and they will reset it to the moment before the fight.  Big shoutouts to them for the support and great work they are doing for such a low priced game.Conclusion:Definitely recommended. It's not the best MetroidVania for sure. But considering the low price there is not much of regret for purchasing it. Couldn't even buy a beer for it and I had some hours of good fun."
76561198035383340,Recommended,394540,24902812,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Polichaos,"Spaceport Hope is a 2d platformer, Metroidvania, action shooter in a pixal world. Lots of genre tags, but hands down its a great game. With a retro soundtrack thats upbeat and graphics that are pixal-ated and smooth, this game hits all the marks. There's even Steam acheivements and cards.  You play as a ''Transporter'' scifi government courior character,  against goverment conspiracys cronies and aliens called the Cilarions. They're all up to no good and its up to you to chase them around space to defeat them and their evil plan.  You get to use scuba gear, gasmasks, jetpacks, heat resistant shoes and 13 kinds of guns to kill and destroy them all. Kinda of a Serious Sam or Duke Nukem kinda guy.  From planet to planet, to space ports, you navigate through levels, equiping yourself for the job. Buy and upgrade your guns and spaceship by collecting money! Kinda of a bounty hunter feel to it.. With 13 bosses and each fight diffrent and fun, you'll work hard to defeat them and move on with the story line and on to the next baddie to kill. As a 2d pixal platformer the game is rather simple and the controlls easy to pick up. I definantly suggest to try it."
76561198084949813,Recommended,394540,25734630,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,jicknohnson84,This game seems amazing but I have to say being forced to use the keyboard greatly diminished my enjoyment. Should it ever get full controller support I'm sure I'll be hooked. If you're ok with the keyboard then I'd say get it.
76561198119617006,Recommended,394540,25893718,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Zly Serif,"This is a great relaxing game, some parts require a bit of skill but nothing too tedious."
,Recommended,394540,24669671,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,aytimothy,"I quite enjoyed this little playformer. The art style is a great reflection of older game such as Cave Story and the soundtrack matched matched equally as well...The keyboard controls (well, the default bindings anyway) are a little offputting, but apart from that, a little tweaking (changing the key bindings) made it the most fluid controls, even with delays thanks to using a networked keyboard.The only one thing I found confusing about the game was the lack of pointers. For example, at the start of the game, it wanted you to go to the factory, however, it didn't say that the factory was to the left, and ended up spending about 10 minutes trying every door in the village, only to realize that I had to keep going right to exit the village.A map or an arrow pointng in the general direction of where I needed to go would be a perfect addition as it'll make navigation of the game world easier. Alternatively, adding a sense of direction into the dialog (i.e. ""The factory is to the left of the village"") would've made things less confusing.btw, my keybindings are:A/D - Move left/rightW/S - Shoot up/down, Enter Door (W)Z - ShootX - JumpC - InteractQ/E - Next/Previous WeaponI - InventoryG - Gun MenuP/Escape - Pause (Default)"
,Recommended,394540,27460215,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Castiel,Good game.
76561198212009448,Recommended,394540,30351161,Posted: 5 March,all,ChaosYo,"I just finished Starport Hope. Good music, cool alien worlds, fun platforming stages, unique bosses and a variety of both weapons and enemies. I wasn't bored even once.The hurtbox on your character might be a little big,.But this game is a gem at its price. Definitely check it out :)"
,Recommended,394540,31224464,Posted: 18 April,all,raineydayscott,Best $2 metroidvainia you will probably ever play. If you can catch it on sale? Even better. I paid 49 cents for this and I'm sorry I waited so long.
,Recommended,394540,31482783,Posted: 1 May,all,nutbunny,"This is a fun, exploratory action platformer. I quite enjoyed playing it. I found the exploration reasonably fulfillng, and the general aesthetic style was pleasant and appropriate (well, except for the portraits of the characters that show up during dialogue segments; oh my frog, they are ♥♥♥♥ing hideous).I did find the game quite short, and wished it was longer so that there would be a lot more similar content to experience.There is an issue with gamepad control - if one is pressing and holding any buttons/control-sticks during a period when control of the character is not available (vis. some sort of automated event like a cutscene) control will not be given back after the event completes unless that button being pressed & held is released. This needs to be fixed.Other than1> being kinda disappointed with its length (and wishing it were longer) and2> the irritating gamepad control issueI quite liked this game. I recommend it"
,Recommended,394540,31765602,Posted: 15 May,all,DoItAll,THANK GOD FOR SAVE CUBES!
,Recommended,394540,32007655,Posted: 27 May,all,iCirav,This is a fun retro-style game.  Its not really hard (even though I died 3 times).  I really recommend this one.
,Recommended,394540,30268914,Posted: 1 March,all,timmyRS,"Spaceport Hope is a great 2D pixelart-styled shooter with a nice soundtrack. Normally, when a game costs 1 buck (or less on a sale), you would expect a game to be utter crap, but Spaceport Hope feels like it should cost a bit more.This review has been posted for theOffGames.io Group."
76561198142741185,Recommended,394540,35459880,Posted: 3 October,all,al-Fali,"This is a great game. Respectably sized; as big as an NES game if not bigger. Action Adventure. Money drops, shops, NPCs, an item based progression. I will go into detail without revealing anything important.This game is open world; you can go mostly anywhere almost immediately, barring some item resticted worlds and storyline events. This is my absolute favorite thing about this game. There is no help screen harassing you, but there is a button to remind you of what you're suppossed to be doing. Other than that, you're on your own. It can even get confusing at a few points, but exploration is the theme. On top of that there are rewards for exploration; new guns.The guns are, as far as I can tell, fairly balanced. Your main gun is decent with good rate of fire and infinite ammo.Everything else shares one of several ammo types. One ammo type is slow but powerful and one gun fires slow and weaker rounds but home in on enemies. High discharge and low damage ammo is for guns like a flamethrower and a laser with different damage effects. The slow and heavy damage ammo is for your rockets, grenade launcher and an energy ball that you can remotely detonate. The ultimate weapon has bad accuracy, but shreds up close. They all seem balanced and you will develop a preference for certain guns based on your play style. There are more guns than I gave as examples.You can also equip or unequip them at will; this makes cycling through your guns in game a simple thing.There are a large variety of enemies that are usually unique to each world. Humans are normally the exception. They all take a lot of hits to kill. Everything in this game takes multiple hits to kill.My biggest complaint is that you can only jump at one set height. This seems trivial, but a lot of the enemies move through the air and this means that you can only fire passing shots at them instead of leveling your jumps to get that right line of fire. It makes fighting a lot of enemies very very time consuming.Another trivial con is that this game is not compatable with controllers, at least not for me. JoyToKey is an easy solution to this problem."
