user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,394690,32524615,Posted: 17 June,all,Berserk | CSGOROLL.COM,You like Gmod Tower? You will like this game.
76561198078118511,Recommended,394690,30114246,Posted: 22 February,all,Noxious,-Enter World-Plays bowling-Dead body drops in middle of lane-Everyone Freaks out and cries-2 minutes later everyones goal is to hit the body with the bowling ball-earns enough money to buy jet pack-flies into casino-turns 1k into 20k-loses it all in spin to win-becomes depressed and goes to movie theatre-walks in and sees twerk videos with an occasional Cod montage-walks out of theatre into random condo-SO MUCH HENTAI-stays in condo for educational purposes10/10 will cause a gambling addiction
,Recommended,394690,32047875,Posted: 29 May,all,The Canadian Manatee,Great game With amazing minigames (exept for planet panic) Reminds me of PS home
,Recommended,394690,32444344,Posted: 15 June,all,Kovic,"Buy this game.Sure its Early Access and there are some hiccups with loading times and frame drops, but overall I am really enjoying this game.  The servers for the most part have been reliable and at this point they are mostly quiet with maybe 200 players online at any time.  There are already a good amount of game options, not to mention the casino and the ability to mess around with condos and character creation.Honestly, this is probably the best $15 I have spent on a Steam Game in years.  I highly recommend it, especially if you can get some friends to buy it.  The chill factor of hanging out with your friends, playing games, and even watching things in your own theater setup is something many of us have wanted for years.  Also, this is just the beginning, many things are still planned to be added, with Lazer Tag coming fairly soon."
,Recommended,394690,27905125,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AkaJacob,How to play this game1: Make money from minigames2: Gamble money at casino3: Win jackpot4: Blow off money on your house to show others how great it is5: Find out someone's apartment is 100x better than yours6: Spend the little remaining money you have on drinks at the club to try and heal your depression7: Lose all your furniture to your drinking & gambling problem8: Stop playing the game9: New update comes out10: Join the game again11: Repeat
,Recommended,394690,34174284,Posted: 11 August,all,Aerie,Good game with a fun community. After trying this game out for 2000 hours I feel like I can finally recommend it.
76561198117017975,Recommended,394690,29469841,Posted: 24 January,all,Blue Bear the Unholy,">install game>customize character>be blue skellington>play minigolf>i suck at minigolf>my best shot is a triple bogey>still get rewarded 100 for every round>go to lobby>buy hats>be blue sombrero wearing skellington with a tie and aviators>play ball racer>come last because i collect all the melons>dgaf about placing because melons = money>go to condos>don't know how to get my own room>visit someone else's room>canvas of an anime girl in a french maid costume in a sort of reception room>""heh that's neat"">go into the main living room area>the walls are plastered with anime posters>quite suggestive posters>""okay, this is alright I guess"">go upstairs>'vip' sign with an arrow pointing down a corridor>follow arrow>anime girl on canvas again>there's a pole>there's chairs>""oh god no i've stumbled into an anime strip club"">walk back down the corridor immediately>see a poster on the ceiling of the stairs into the corridor i hadn't noticed before>naked anime girl>leave faster>take wrong turn>walk into bedroom>desk with a three screen computer setup>every screen has hentai on it>turn around to leave>body pillow on bed>scramble the ♥♥♥♥ out towards the reception area>see the computer screen the first anime reception girl was standing behind>hentai>leave>buy chicken bucket hat>write review"
76561198149546771,Recommended,394690,22407238,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Merrick,"OK, so its like 3am and I was just looking around the lobby, when I came across a dude in a cowboy hat asking if I've seen ""a milk dude asking people to clean his clock"". He told me that the milk guy actually stole it from him and we need to find the milk dude. A few moments later someone with a cop hat comes up asking whats wrong, and the guy says everything. The moment he finishes talking, the milk dude turns the corner, screams ""AHW F**KING S**T!"" and bolts!Next thing I know, me along with the cowboy, the cop, and like 6 other random people are chasing this milk guy around the lobby, shooting party poppers at him, all while he's screaming bloody murder:""I DIDNT STEAL IIIIITTTT!!!""""I BOUGHT IT ON CREGE'S LIST!!!""""DEAR F**KING DAIRY QUEEN, PLEASE HEeeELLLPPPP MMMMmmmMMmmMMeeeEEEeeEEeEeEEEE!!!!""I'll be at the hospital tomorrow due to the fact I can no longer breath properly..."
,Recommended,394690,29473580,Posted: 24 January,all,SethBoyardee,This is what No Man's Sky should have been
,Recommended,394690,22798454,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,HAMROIDS,Like Club Penguin for adults
,Recommended,394690,28593998,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Timidity,"> Goes to the casino> Casually plays video poker> Guy who just bought the game playing slots behind me, wins jackpot> Turn around and watch as everyone comes over and stares in awe> Continue playing video poker while sobbingpretty good/10"
,Recommended,394690,30663360,Posted: 21 March,all,SwitNiceNiceNiceNice,"A game that breaks down online interaction into its most basic forms: hentai, gambling, and skeletons."
,Recommended,394690,22339841,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Davidn64,never in my life was I so addicted to Golf
,Recommended,394690,32654772,Posted: 22 June,all,Drrabbit,"How to play Tower Unite:Step 1: Load into serverStep 2: Try to avoid going to casinoStep 3: End up in the casinoStep 4: Lose your soul to the casinoStep 5: Buy walls, buy a lot of walls, keep buying wallsStep 6: Build a towerStep 7: Realize what you have done and begin to cry over your actionsStep 8: RepeatStep 9: Lose everything because you got too rich14/10 Would threaten people with a baguette again!"
,Recommended,394690,25545504,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lunia,Instead of wasting your money in a real casino you should just buy this game.
,Recommended,394690,25311515,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Yomi,"Having seen some of the negative feedback this game has been getting lately, I felt like i had to make this review.This game is extremly fun and has a promising future.This game is very Early Access but yet there's already alot to do:-Minigolf: A very solid minigolf game consisting of 4maps.-Ballrace: A ball Racing game that is seriously fun for casuals and speedrunners alike.-Virus: A Zombie/Infected game mode with 3maps. (First person shooter)-The Casino: The casino is amazing, you can play 3 type of slots, Video blackjack & poker machines, Double or nothing machines, You can play actual poker with others (casual or High stakes), there's just so much you can do, discover it by yourself.-Trivia: The Trivia game is a beast of its own and really make you feel like you are part of a game show, it's always fun to play with friends and it make you learn stuff!You can Requests your own Questions to be posted on the trivia game as its open source.-Your Condo: You can customize your own condo with all of the currency earned from playing minigames, inside condos alone there is so much to do, you can invite your friends, join others, explore the creativity of others, socialize with people, listen to music, watch youtube with your friends, watch movies, animes & cartoons (supports hmtl5), play musical instruments such as the Drums and Piano, having parties or chilling with friends, it is a very social oriented game!-Your Avatar: Customize your avatar with hats and accesories. (currently 3 player models, Male, Female and Milk cartons)-Piano: Piano on its own is a beast to master, using ""VirtualPiano Sheets"" you can learn to play your favorite piano songs. (I learned to play some zelda & classical songs)That is a summary of what you can do right now, but there is so much more incoming.The game looks great in the Unreal Engine 4.There is no micro transactions in this game, Everything is acquirable with in-game currency earned by playing mini games.The soundtrack to this game is seriously amazing.The Devs are extremly active and always answers our forums Questions, Feedback or Suggestions.They keep updated on their work and daily tasks on their Official Trello (roadmap).They have a Twitch stream talking about what they are working on and Etc every friday.Sometimes they even join the game and come play with us while giving us insights of what's upcoming next. Yes they are a small team (8people) but they are doing ALOT of work.In Conclusion, This is a great game with a promising future that a Small team of 8 developers are putting all of their heart on & i Highly Recommend this game :)Useful links and source:Trello :https://trello.com/b/6BwRMiPw/tower-unite-roadmapForums :http://forums.pixeltailgames.comTwitch:https://www.twitch.tv/pixeltailgamesTrivia (open source):http://opentdb.com/"
,Recommended,394690,26903298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Legobot,"I have nominated this game for the ""Game Within A Game"" Steam award.Welcome to Tower Unite, the new integration of Tower, a concept that started in Garry's Mod with a gamemode called Gmod Tower. This concept is the idea of a game where people can socialize, make new friends, and play games to have generally good time. This game does exactly that, and almost every time you jump on, you'll see a new face.At the moment, this game is no where near finished, and has a lot that can be added to it. However, with only so many people on the dev team, progress is being made quite quickly. Theres often new content to look forward to every month or so.Still, even if lacking some of the content there is plenty of things you can do with your friends at the moment. If you have the $15 and this looks like something you'd be interested in, definetly give it a shot. There is so much potential that this game holds, and I am more than positive it's going to be filled in. The support would really help the developers.P.S. I have been playing Gmod Tower since 2013, if that provides any credibility to you."
,Recommended,394690,25588034,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Mattio,"Casino changed everything.We now get to suffer in unison to the compulsive addiction of gambling, just so that after hours of vigorous spacebar mashing we can splurge our winnings on a wheel that issues potatoes, hula dolls and the irritatingly undesirable cactus.But really now, Tower Unite is now ultra fun to play since the community has been pulled together, and we'll be pulled together more and more as the Plaza gains more content."
,Recommended,394690,29900950,Posted: 13 February,all,SoulDestroy,"This review is sectioned off into segments for returning GMod Tower players and newbies who couldn't tell a Hatsune Miku from a good admin.For GMod Tower veterans who aren't sure if they should make the jumpAs someone who has played over 100 hours of GMod Tower on and off, I can say that Tower Unite, at least in the last week that I have been playing it, easily surpasses the Source ""powered"" mod. Despite the change to the Unreal Engine, much of the ""feel"" of the old Tower is present, from not just aesthetic and sound, but also movement, interaction with the world, and minigames -  and also some familiar issues, such as load times and crashes. For better or worse, it's surprising how much of that Source feeling they were able to get out of Unreal. It certainly helps that, to my knowledge, the key players of the GMod Tower team are working on Tower Unite.If you're looking for a point to jump in, now's a pretty decent time, considering that Tower Unite at this point slightly edges over GMod Tower in terms of content and polish, with much more to come over the next few years. Considering 15 bucks was the minimum VIP donation amount back in the day (and you bet I paid it), and also considering that past players and donators also get some neat bonuses, it's a pretty reasonable deal in my humble opinion.What the heck is Tower Unite?Tower Unite is a spiritual(?) successor to GMod Tower, a GMod gamemode in which, to put in as simple terms as possible, players are able to chill out with friends, watch videos, deck out their own condo, and play minigames. A really casual comparison amongst my friends is Second Life, but with less clunky building tools, decade old menu design, and lonely S&M-loving geriatrics.  I'm sure there's some online-chatroom-avatar garbage that's more in line, but I wasn't dragged into those by my degenerate friends so I can't really compare them. Where was I? Oh yeah, GMod Tower was all about having fun with friends and relaxing.Then something brilliant happened. The guys behind GMod Tower (who now go by Pixeltail Games) realized that GMod, and extension Source, were buggy, clunky pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥who's updates often broke literally everything and, to make matters worse, weren't the best to develop for what they wanted to produce. Seriously, GMod Tower sometimes felt like it was held together by nothing but copper-wire and the hopes and dreams of disgruntled server owners. So what were these bright-eyed idealists to do? Shut GMod Tower down of course,But not without reason - they saw big potential in making a standalone version of the Tower, one on the more supported, recent Unreal Engine, and that could support massive updates and new content. Enter Tower Unite, a brand-new, copyright-free, paid replacement for the now-dead GMod Tower.In the past year Tower Unite has slowly begun to eclipse its predecessor in terms of content and scales, and still promises much more to come in the next few years. Seeing how dedicated Pixeltail is to achieving something they've been working on for nearly 7 years, I wouldn't worry about them abandoning it anytime soon. With a growing community and tons of stuff to do, Tower Unite is the very definition of a go-to-game."
,Recommended,394690,31204588,Posted: 17 April,all,👌,€15 for a gambling addiction?People pay a lot more for that.
,Recommended,394690,22353287,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,unmun,"Played the game for a few hours and this is what I think of it so far:PROS:- The community is amazing- Tons of fun with friends- Theater that you can watch videos with said friends- You can customize your very own condo- Wide variety of game modes that you can play (Golf, Virus, Planet Panic, and Ball race so far)- Devs update the game regularly- Tons of cool things to come in the futureCONS:- Not optomized very well.- Some server issues- No party system with friends-  A lot of bugs (But still playable)Do I reccomend this game?YesBut at it's current state, it is at it's bare minimum. This game will be great, just give it time."
,Recommended,394690,28696899,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Skelok,The casino is rigged... IN FAVOR OF THE PLAYER!
,Recommended,394690,33462358,Posted: 11 July,all,Nathan Graves,"I'll be honest. I never heard of Gmod tower before I bought this game, nor was I interested in the game itself, but I wanted a new mini-golf game and Steam recommended this game.So I bit the bullet and bought it, $15 USD sounded fair for a mini golf game, but I got much, much more for my moneys worth.The easiest way to explain this game is to mention Virtual world games like the Playstation Home game/app (Which this game is more akin to) and Second Life (Which Tower Unite is not trying to be, but it has some similarities with).The most basic point of the game is to enter a server (There is a good number of official servers running 24/7 and some 3rd party ones) and find something to do in the ""Lobby"" (Lobby here means the whole server world), this can be as mundane as going to the casino and mindlessly playing gambling games which may or may not reap big income rewards, going to the theater and watch and/or share videos from YouTube with other people that are in the theater, go to mini games that are around the lobby like Trivia, Bowling or Laser Tag, or you can go for one of the more fleshed out games like Mini Golf, Ball Race (A Super Monkey Ball inspired multiplayer game), Virus (My favorite of the bunch, inspired by the Halo Zombies user game) and a couple of others (With 4 more games planned for future updates).While playing these games, you get in game money called units. With these units you can buy stuff in the Lobby, and these items can vary from things you can equip and use like the Jet-pack or the Confetti gun (A must for new players) to cosmetic items for your character, and also furniture and building materials for your condo.Now, about the whole condo thing, I've never been much into the whole making a room/home type of games, but this one piqued my interest and I've been loving the amount of customization one can do to one's condo. You can make a nice mini theater to watch videos with friends, or put down instruments and jam (MIDI support so you can connect your MIDI keyboard is planned for the future), or make a museum dedicated to your art or them dank memes if you are into showing that.All in all, this game offers a lot of things to do, buy and explore for the measly price of $15 USD, and from what I've seen, the devs are working non stop to finish this game properly and make it as fun as possible without modern day issues like microtransactions or subscription fees.TL;DR Buy it for the mini-golf, stay for the socializing and different activities/games."
,Recommended,394690,32661276,Posted: 22 June,all,★Scooty★,"THE 2017 GMOD TOWER EXPERIENCE INCLUDES:ZOMBIES GAMEMODE,ULTIMATE CHIMERA HUNT,SUPER MONKEY BALL,MINIGOLF,CAPTURE THE FLAG, (planetpanic)A QUIZ,BOWLING,A (soon to be) STRIP CLUB,A ROLLERCOASTER,BEING JEALOUS OF A GUY WHO HAS 10MIL ON THE GAME,AND MANY MORE TO COME (5 supposedly)ALL OF THIS FROM THE GUYS WHO MADE GMOD TOWER,GET IT NOW!(there's also condo customization, and you can change your appearance.)"
76561198130487478,Recommended,394690,33293308,Posted: 5 July,all,stef,"WARNING:long review, The first part explains what's in the game for those wondering. Skip to the bottom for the pros and cons. Also spoilers of what is in the game, for people who just like to explore blind.Tower Unite is a fun online virtual world that is similar to Playstation Home and Pixeltail's formal game, Gmod Tower. The main features of Tower Unite are the Plaza, the Condos, and the Minigame hub.The Plazais the central area of Tower Unite. There are plenty of activities such as trivia, bowling and Laser Tag. It also has stores and a theater. The  theater is a place where you can upload any (yes any) video from youtube or your computer onto the big screen. Then people in the game can gather around and watch the collection of uploaded videos. Another main draw of the plaza is the casino. There you have multiple options to blow your money, or make big bucks.The Condois a place to make your own. You can change it from day to night, customize it with store bought items, and even put any google image as your wallpaper. Buy a tv set or a group of instruments and have friends over!The minigamesare one of the biggest attractions in Tower Unite. There are a few games in the plaza, but the main games can be found from the start menu or the teleport. The gameVirusis a variation of the game Infected from the Call of Duty franchise. There isBallrunwhich is a competitive version of Gamecube's Super Monkey Ball.Little Crusadersis a vs game between the Knights and a dragon.Planet Panicis a capture the flag like game with guns. Last but not least,Minigolfis exactly what it sounds like (and incredibly addicting.)That's the basic of what's in the game. Now Here are my personal pros and cons.PROS:NO microtransactions.All your money (units) can be earned through games or gambling. The cost of items are also nicely proportional to what you earn in games. Meaning you don't have to strive extra hard to go on that shopping spree.Gorgeous graphics.I'm running the game on extra high graphics, and it is beautiful. Definitely more then I expected from a game that's early in development.Lots of object interactivityThere is a lot to click on! You can interact with the soda machines, the television sets, etc. You can even ride the ferris wheel. There are lots of small details that make the game come to life.Plenty to do. whether it's gambling, playing plaza games, minigames, relaxing on the beach, etc, there is plenty to do. You can even buy items such as fireworks, confetti guns, jetpacks and other fun things. Buy a trampoline for your condo or a piano to play some tunes. It really does feel like a crazy vacation.Hard working devs.The developers of Tower Unite are hard at work and constantly updating the game. They work ""every weekday, monday through friday."" and constantly post updates on their discord, twitch, and forums. You can go up to most of the early access features in the game and click on them to get a ""view progress"" option. This allows you to see how far along they are in the development of that feature.CONS:glitches.I've seen reviews of people complaining about lag. I haven't experienced any lag myself, but I have run into my fair share of glitches. The biggest one I'm facing right now is the servers flickering between day and night. The glitches are being patched regularly so it's not a big issue for me.lack of customization in character.The condos have a great amount of customizable options, but when it comes to your own character, there are almost none. You can buy accessories for your character by playing games, but that's about it. There are no hair, clothes, or face options. Your only real option is to change the colors of all those things. You can switch your outfit between summer, beach, formal etc, but it's still only that one outfit your switching. You do get the option to play as a skeleton and milk carton though, so it kind of evens out :PNo people/to many servers.This is my main gripe about the game. Tower Unite has about 500 people daily at a consistent rate. Those aren't bad numbers, until you take in account that the devs have made way to many servers. This means that everyone is spread out on all of these servers and hard to find in the game. Not to mention the people that go straight to the minigames and don't even join the plaza.  I see about 40 people at most on a server, and with such a big world, that's not many. This results is long waiting times on minigames and just an overall sense of emptiness. It's still a fun game even with this issue, but It's definitely more fun if you have a friend.ConclusionOverall, Tower Unite is well worth the money I spent for it. It's beautiful, addicting, and has many options for fun and creativeness. There are many new areas and games being added constantly. The negatives all stem from the fact that it is early access and will have to improve along the way. Tower Unite is worth it IF you like community based games that involve minigames, gambling, and decked out condos :)Edit:It seems that with their newest update they are working on fixing the server issue I talked about above. The recent updates have fixed most of my concerns, so keep it coming guys!"
,Recommended,394690,34750392,Posted: 4 September,all,Babbles,Spent 500k To get a potato gun
,Recommended,394690,33728178,Posted: 22 July,all,Apellyblez,"After 1 hours:Should I give it back? I think it does not provide so much ...After 2 hours:Oh my gosh, there are some coole features which I have never seen before!After 3 hours:Hell yeah! I already have 20 000 units!After 7 hours:I love the casino! I can earn so much units!After 9 hours:Some new stuff would be cool!After: 26 hours:I still love the casino...After 46 hours:Am I addicted to gambling?After 65 hours:Yeah, I think so.After 67 hours:I feel very comfortable in my new, expensive underwater condo.After 70 hours:When is the next update?After 86 hours:I LOVE THIS GAME !!! ♥Conclusion:Buy it! It's really worth it. But be careful: It can be addictive ;)"
76561198002130724,Recommended,394690,23040819,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Goober Gabber V2,I mainly bought it for Minigolf.Not gonna lie.
,Recommended,394690,30357749,Posted: 6 March,all,young nut fan aacount,second life with minigames minus the porn
,Recommended,394690,28815088,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,daddy's big toblerone,"Such a fun game with fantastic potential! I can easily see myself sinking hundreds of hours into this game, and then some.Of course, there are bugs here and there but the devs are fantastic and work hard to fix any misdemeanors.also, bond over gambling: the simulationupdate: i have spent 12 hours on one machine"
,Recommended,394690,28411234,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RonnieXDale,"For an early access game i think its worth the money.There are minigames to play, a casino, you get a condo to customise and buy furniture for. Its constantly being updated with new items and things to do. You can definately play this game for hours if its your thing.Ive never spent so long gambling virtual money. It's great."
76561198073198317,Recommended,394690,23205626,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,B E G O N E  T H O T,ProsUnreal instead of sourceBetter graphicsCharacter customizationAnd many many moreConsRequires deeeecent pcWould I recommend this to friends yes
,Recommended,394690,34218481,Posted: 13 August,all,Farixy,"Tower Unite features 5+ games (with plenty more to come) that you can play in order to earn in-game currency which you can later use to play at a casino, purchase your own home, buy cosmetic items, and much more.The game features no microtransactions, paid DLC or premium currency, the only way to obtain ""Units"" (The in-game currency) is simply to play the game, which you don't really see in a lot of games of similar nature these days.The games available offers a good amount of variety, everything from Mini-Golf (The most popular game mode and my personal favorite) to Laser Tag, Trivia and much more in-between. I'm also really impressed with the amount of content the games hold, especially the min-golf. It currently has 8 maps with 18 holes each making it a total of 144 holes.The developers also put out regular content updates which adds lots of improvement and new content for players to enjoy. And from what I've heard a lot of exciting things are in the works.You can also purchase furniture and such to decorate your own home, everything from working basketball courts to TV's in which you can watch Youtube and such with your friends or other players in your home.For $15 you definitely get what you pay for. This game offers a lot of great times especially if you play with friends. But the community also seems to be very friendly and I've been invited to participate in various games with people I don't know, so even if you decide to play by yourself you shouldn't have a hard time meeting new people or find someone to play with, even if the game doesn't have a HUGE playerbase.Once again, huge respect to the developers for being commited to their game and regulary updating it and all this without adding any microtransactions, well done!"
,Recommended,394690,23089348,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,_.·Sean·._,1: Bought the game.2: Compared to GMtower.3: Tried to find a reason not to like it.
,Recommended,394690,30167277,Posted: 25 February,all,Master Of Disaster,Club Penguin for hentai lovers.
,Recommended,394690,23826901,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,FickFuuuck™,"You can play piano, while watching in-game porn using a projector, while you are playing as a milk.69/10"
76561198148760818,Recommended,394690,30038221,Posted: 19 February,all,SSBFreak,"Tower Unite, as many know, is the spiritual successor to the popular Gmod Tower. Now, I personally have never played Gmod Tower, so I went into this game without any real prior knowledge about what the previous game was like. The game is still in Early Access, and from what I can tell there's still a LOT of content that the developers are wanting to add to the game. But let's go over what the game has right now...The biggest a most-fun part of the game is definitely the Mini-Golf. With several unique courses in multiple different settings, the Mini-Golf definitely had the most thought put into it. It's easy to get into and learn the controls, and when I got the hang of it I feel that this is the most fun Mini-Golf I can find on Steam. Even playing alone you can enjoy yourself simply by getting used to the different holes in a particular course and try to beat your best score. People can drop in and out of any game no matter how far along it is if they so wish, and balls can be customized with hats that you can buy for your in-game avatar with the in-game currency.The big point to the game, I suppose, is to play games to collect in-game currency to purchase furnishings for your condo, where you can invite friends over to to hang out. As far as I can see, there isn't REALLY a lot to do around the condos with other people other than to show off your stuff and watch videos, though. Maybe that'll change in the future.Other activities include a few other mini-games (such as a shooter game or a Monkey Ball-type game) and some different, smaller activities in the main lobbies such as a casino, some game-show trivia and a bowling alley, with stuff ike bumper cars, an arcade and laser tag being planned for in the future (judging by the so-far under-construction buildings in the lobbies). Once everything gets finished and put out, there will be no shortage of things to do.Now comes the biggest drawback to the game. The game can lag quite a bit in the lobbies. I run the game on Windows 10, and on a computer that I largely purchased to play games, and the game can still lag for me. I find that the game lags more on high-populated servers, so because of this I don't even bother trying to get onto a server that's more than half full. Hopefully the lag will decrease when the game leaves Early Access, but for now it's a bit of an annoyance on an otherwise very-enjoyable game.Do I recommend it? Absolutely. I have a lot of fun with the game and I look forward to seeing where it goes in the future. The lag is a bit of a problem at times and something I hope they're able to fix in the future, but otherwise I think this is a solid game with a lot of content, and more to come along the way."
,Recommended,394690,31474606,Posted: 30 April,all,   Element   ,Greatest Casino simulator ever I bought.What do you mean that's not the point of the game?
,Recommended,394690,31851979,Posted: 19 May,all,akreza,"Tower Unite, the successor to the once ever-so popular Garry's Mod gamemode ""Garry's Mod Tower"", is Garry's Mod Tower with a intense make-over. If you played Garry's Mod Tower while it was still around, like me, then you'll feel right at home when buying this game. The developers, Pixeltail Games, discontinued Garry's Mod Tower because the Source Engine was pushed to it's limits, and the Unreal Engine provided so much more room for better graphics and gameplay. In Tower Unite, you can socialize with fellow players and do many activites together, such as going to the casino, playing all types of different mini-games, and even getting to visit and hangout at each others condos! Yes, you have your own little condo that you can decorate using coins that you earn from mini-games and the casino. And if you were wondering, there is no micro-transactions, and never will be. This was stated my one of the devolpers, they wanna keep this game micro-transaction free. I loved Garry's Mod Tower, but now I have moved on to Tower Unite, and I feel like I'm enjoying myself again!"
,Recommended,394690,28890522,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,505Northman,"Tower Unite... where to begin?This game is just a huge improvement over GMOD Tower. GMOD Tower had some paid features like dimming the lights and such and had been limited by the engine which was the source engine. GMOD Tower had a lot of fun things to do in it and it did it well which is something that I think the developers of GMOD Tower did very well which was push the Source Engine to it's limit to provide one of the best GMOD experiences that I have ever seen.Tower Unite just expands on it and makes it 100 times better. The Unreal Engine 4 allows for much more than using Source Engine. Instead of having to wait for the painfully slow GMOD Tower loading screen, this game allows it to be quicker and easier to use which I appreciate them doing. It also allows for more personal creativity of your character which is great and in the end, makes this a huge improvement over GMOD Tower.Pros:-Better Engine than GMOD Tower-Character Customization-Condo Customization-Mini Games which You Can Play With Your Friends and Still Earn Money-Currency System-New People To Meet-Watch Videos with Friends in One RoomCons:-Sometimes Weird and Glitchy Cosmetic Items-Placement of Items Can Get Glitchy in the Condo-Sometimes Odd and Weird CommunityThis game is still in early access so things are bound to change. Right now, bugs and glitches are the major cons and I am hoping to see them ironed out and fixed as soon as possible but in the end, this is a great game and I would recommend anyone looking to buy it to buy it now because your purchase supports the developer and the developers need as much money as they can to make the game possible and entertaining to play!8/10 as of now. Will Review Again When It Officially Releases."
76561198001878620,Recommended,394690,25771572,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,76561198001878620,"""I wrote a blog post a while ago about why I f.cking hate video games, because this is what it does appeals to like the male fantasy"""
,Recommended,394690,27910088,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BEAKER!,"Dont go to the casino, PLEASE WHATEVER YOU DO! DO NOT GO TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING CASINO!"
76561198048495081,Recommended,394690,23677917,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,AFatMidget,"I built a 700k unit condo that is filled with hank hill.Built a shrine for the hankPenguins are the sacrifises and commencers of the ritual in the shrine.rate 10/10 would hanky pank againedit - if you want to see my condo, go to my profile and go into my screenshot showcase, the condo screenshots are at the top."
,Recommended,394690,23157574,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ne0_Kn1ghT -NF-,"Great game to play if you just want to chill and take a break from intense games like CS:GO.The people at pixeltail games are some of the best devs in my opinion, when a problem is found they work hard to push out an update to fix issues. There are so many different things you can do and the devs are always working on new stuff. You can do to the cinema to watch youtube videos with other people, decorate your condo, buy tvs, couches, fireworks, you can go on a rollercoaster, ferries wheel.Some of the mini games already in the game are:Ball Race:is a light hearted, physics based game. Your goal is to get to the end of mesmerizing levels as fast as you can. Speed past tricky obstacles and hazards such as bumpers, repellers, attractors, lasers, crushers, and more.Minigolf:is a relaxing game loosely based on its real life counterpart. Instead of turns, putt simultaneously in hopes of getting a hole-in-one.Sit back and play with your friends on 18 hole courses while competing to get the lowest score.Virus:is a fast-paced cooperative and competitive first person shooter set in a dystopian sci-fi universe. At the start of each round, one player is randomly chosen to become The Infected. Everyone else is a Survivor and must avoid that player or they too will become infected.As a Survivor, you must use your arsenal of weapons to keep the Infected at bay. Just don’t get too close, one touch and you’ve got the worst disease imaginable. It’s deadly, it can not be cured, and it’s coming straight for you. Run fast. Really fast.Some stuff being added in the future are: SDNL, Horror Hill, Accelerate, Zombie Massacre, little crusaders, casino, night club, 8 ball pool, laser tag, bowling, air hockey and so much more...And best of all the Devs have promised No Micro-transactions from the start, i know some devs promise this and break it but The pixeltail devs are different they aren't your usual money hungry devs these people care about the game and the community and are willing to listen to any feedback from the community.I hope that you give this game a try as this is something for everyone and Pixeltail Deserve your money as they will continue to care about the game and the people who play it."
,Recommended,394690,22390764,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Rina (BUSY),"Very laggy. Don't like the idea of player server hosting since most people have bad internet. We need some official minigame servers, please.Aside from that, I am really addicted to Tower Unite. Can't wait for future updates."
,Recommended,394690,30481376,Posted: 12 March,all,Yilmaz,some little ♥♥♥♥ing nerd lit up my fireworks before they were ready to be lit
,Recommended,394690,31309015,Posted: 22 April,all,Gas,Watch memes with internet strangers
,Recommended,394690,32022098,Posted: 28 May,all,SpaceKat,"This game is really fun, especially with friends playing minigolf screwing around with the instruments, making funny houses, having parties and much more this game is great!"
,Recommended,394690,25560105,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Trylr,I Can't Believe It's Not Source!™( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,394690,29720085,Posted: 5 February,all,kart donkey,also known as; present day club penguin 10/10
,Recommended,394690,30701020,Posted: 24 March,all,Illegal,"Okay, so this game has a few things you might find unsavory like:SkeletonsPorn condosSkeletonsMilkSlot machinesSkeletonsAnd human interactionBut it also has really good things like:SkeletonsVERY good condo customizationCalciumFun mini-gamesSlot machinesSkeletonsand T H E  B E S T (worst) C O M M U N I T YOverall, It's pretty good as a time sink now, and I have faith for it's future."
,Recommended,394690,33573158,Posted: 15 July,all,Sauce Cakeboss,There are a lot of porn museums
,Recommended,394690,32215056,Posted: 6 June,all,KeepItKayfabe,"You had me at no microtransactions. Very fun game! The house decorating/modifying system is the most detailed I've ever seen! It is not too hard to earn money and you earn money through all sorts of fun games. The casino is another great, risky way to earn money. Highly reccomended for anyone who enjoys a fun, casual game every now and then!"
,Recommended,394690,25103786,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rex Pipopapo,"Potential upcoming game and the sucessor of Gmod Tower, give it a shot if you don't mind playing once in awhile because updates take some time to roll out."
,Recommended,394690,24544848,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,T.w² | The general nobody knew,"{THIS HAS BEEN EDITED SINCE THE REVIEW'S UPLOAD}This game has no story, its a casual party game where you hang out with friends. There are condos and are COMPLETELY customizable, many games to choose from (and more to arrive) as well as casino's and plaza games.TBH, its an amazing game, but it has flaws...GOOD~Still has the amazing feel that Gmod tower use to have~implimented building your own condo, which was one of my favorite things to do in Gmod tower(now with the ability of buying 5+ new condos, open area, classic, and house)~EXTREME graphics(I belive it uses unreal engine 4 or 3, be warned, older computers)~5 Games to choose, each offering TONS of units~offers servers from large cities in North America and Europe~Minigames in the town lobby, like Bowling, and Typing Derby, and the most popular of all: CASINO!~takes the Sims of condo custimization, the Mario party of games and such, and an amazing lobby/shop, and puts it all together to make this game~An amazing relax game~Minigames are constantly updated with new maps and fixes~The offical Tower's Unite forums offer your chance to make suggestions and changes to Towers unite, THATS PRETTY COOL!!!BAD~Still in early access, and we were promised casino early july.(although still in progress, it seems that the game is MAYBE about 1/4 done, and the Casino is open)~Developers are lacking in production, which means only occasional big updates, not quick small updates(although, this is getting slowely better, with a larger update around once a month, with maybe 2 smaller updates the same month)~A few glitches in the terrain and such~Milk as a gender...(I heard its only temperary, but you cant customize anything but its colors from what I know)~the HORRIBLE update puns(EX: hate to disTUrb you)~An entire gamemode is basically deserted (Planet Panic :P)OVERALL RATING: 9/10I would certainly buy for the price its at now, its worth the few bucks. Yeah, its early access, yeah, its bare boned, but the developers are working hard to make the game more exciting and a better experience"
,Recommended,394690,25551320,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Protocol Cringe.Exe 🔊,"As someone who basically went into this game blind considering I'd never played GMod tower beforehand I can tell you this game is well worth the money I spent on it.I bought this game a couple of weeks ago and honestly it's just a really fun game, I've been playing it on and off since I bought it and I can tell you it's really enjoyable, also considering it avidly hates everyone with how difficult some things are, it's very generous in payouts, you can go into any game and get some money which is good and makes the game very easy to get into, something that is really easy to gain money from is Ball Race (Galaxy) and basically anything else but I mainly got money from that and any mini golf map, also, of course, this new casino updates adds tons of ways to get money which is amazing because that lets you go off and buy items and accessories etc etc.I enjoy the customization aspect of this game so far considering it already has so many things you can do, yes it obviously has some problems or things that can be done better but again, it's in early access however saying that this game has a ton of items already that help you customize your character and your condo to your liking and it's already at an insane level of customization at this point and I just can't wait for this game to keep adding more and more little details that you can add to things because honestly it's definitely a great part of this game alongside the fun mini games and small addictions this game gives you, the customizing is another amazing little aspect to this evil little game and building everything yourself from scratch to your own liking however absurd your ideas may be make this game really enjoyable and fun.This game is also a great game to play with friends, from kicking each other's asses in mini golf to racing each other in ball race and spending away your life savings together in the casino, it's a fun time all round for everybody, it's also great and hilarious fun seeing the absurd and amazing things that your friends add to their condos and having them bask in what you create. This game is definitely great fun to play with friends.As somebody who never played GMod tower, I highly recommend this game to all of you. It's well worth the money and a great early access game, there's not that many issues with the game that you can't deal with and they'll be fixed in due time anyway if they haven't been already so just come and play this amazingly evil game with us, it hates us but it loves giving you pity money for trying and sometimes the occasional jackpot or cactus in the casino, a lot of cacti... And potatoes. And Hula Dolls. If that doesn't sell this game to you then I don't know what will.PS. I've played this game for way too long."
,Recommended,394690,30349310,Posted: 5 March,all,Space floaty goat,Little Crusaders = Fun.Gave knights a ride on my back to tour them around the map for the whole round while they were saluting me.Hid in a corner and the dragon didn't notice me but then disregarded me and let me live. :)Found weird hitboxes.I love this game
,Recommended,394690,29342325,Posted: 18 January,all,CooperTeam,"Ever since I was on Playstation Home, and after it's final shut down, I was curious if anyone would try to find a way to recreate the whole experience, or at least a similar experience. I missed being able to buy my own home, decorating it how I wanted, playing minigames to earn points to help me buy stuff, etc.Now I see this and I am amazed. It brought back the Playstation Home, only on PC. Now you can come here and have that same experience. The plus side is that there's no micro-transactions to have to pay for all your furniture or home. Now you just play minigames to earn ""credits"" which you can then in-turn, use to buy stuff. Furniture, appliances, outfits, you can buy it all.Mind you this is only the early access I am playing at the moment, but it all looks good so far. Minigames play great, credits/transations work very well, and so far some neat stuff you can put in your home. A few of the interactive items work so far. (Flatscreens play youtube videos, canvas items allow you to post pictures, etc.) From what I seen so far, it looks like it will also include tons of other interactive items, such as radio control toys, pets, even jet packs that let you fly in the air when you are in the Lobby or your home. They also seem to play to make so you can get all kinds of homes and more interactive items you can use in your home. So far only a small handfull of items work properly, the ones that seem interactive have a ""Not active"" notice, so only time will tell if they will get these to work later.Overall it's a very neat experience and I can't wait for them to add more updates to this. It's about time someone brought Playstation Home, only a PC version with a lot more things to do. Can't wait to see what they update next. ^_^"
,Recommended,394690,24263844,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,a hecking newbie,I have a Danny Sexbang body pillow.
,Recommended,394690,25366484,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,I wish I was a pair of DDs,"The first 3 paragraphs are just me rambling about nothing that much important. if you have never played GMod Tower before you can skip it if you'd like to. The game's review comes after that.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Let me start by saying i'm a huge fan GMod Tower. I loved the gamemode and had 350 hours on it.I have met a lot of people, made a lot of friends and know some to this day.I'd regularly go on it when i was feeling down or bored, etc.I wish i still could but the servers have been shut down and are not coming back.Having nowhere else to go, i bought this game thinking it would reach my expectations to at least feel like i'd be playing what i once loved.-And this is what most of us expected, right?This was where i first made a mistake by doing so. You must realize that the game is in Early Access. Just because it got funded on Indiegogo doesn't mean the game will be top-quality.The version you pay for is the version you're guaranteed to get. Whether the game will be finished and released is up to the developers.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The development started in somewhere around August, 2015 according to the Indiegogo funding project, that means that this game has been in-development for more than a year already.And what does a game that has been in-development for more than a year has to offer?Not much really. I mean, there are a few gamemodes you can play, a few activities you can participate in. But if you don't have any friends that want to play or.. just.. don't have any friends in general... You'll have to play with little to no people, because of how little the playerbase actually is.I'm also going to skip a few details like how high payout minigames are more popular over others and how ping can ruin some of the experience, because of how bad it is in the first place. So let's just move on for now.What the previous game had that this doesn't, is that everyone would be on 1 (or on 2nd if the first one was full) server. You could encounter lots of people and not just find 1 or 2 flying around plaza sometimes. Mass production of servers is what caused this. Still, people mostly tend to stick to the Official servers, which is good. But the Server/Player ratio is very, and i mean very, low...This exact problem makes the game unenjoyable if you're alone. Which also ruins the point of the game, which is socializing with the community.The Condo and Character customization has definitely improved! a lot even. While there are less customization on characters than before, i'm more than sure this will change over time.You can buy a bodypillow btw. :ICool, yeah?The graphics are decent enough but nothing special to today's standards.And i feel like the optimization could be worked on. I shouldn't be getting that low of an fps with the lowest graphics.I would possibly not even recommend this game. But i want to believe that this game will succeed. I want to play a successor to the game that i once loved to play so much.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------tl;dr_Buy the game if your mates are also going to buy it. If you're alone, stay away for a while. Maybe come back later? I don't know tbh.6, in it's current state.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'd also like to point out that i realize that some of these problems can not be fixed by developers with a few magic touches. But, they can be worked on to prevent further damage."
76561198209861987,Recommended,394690,28519250,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,AmGona,"I've had this game since day 1 of release, I played gmod tower, and it's the best game EVER!!!!!!! BEST 2016"
,Recommended,394690,29435801,Posted: 22 January,all,Wacko,"A truly incredible virtual world. This is what PlayStation Home aspired to become but never saw light of. This excellently designed world offers not only much to do, but presents it in a way that's simple to keep you coming back. The best graphics of any virtual world MMO to date, along with a no-microtransaction philosophy to keep the game fair. A small community and some missing features aren't enough to hold you back from experiencing what you always wanted from a game like PS Home.  It's certainly in it's infancy but hopefully one day when more and more content arrives and the community grows substantially, it will be just like PS Home was. Ever evolving and devs that work hard. And let's just say there's a lot of customization here. I'm able to run the game at 4K (or even higher) at max settings with 60fps which is a treat. This game is best experienced with friends and there's plenty of in-depth games to play such as Mini Golf. Feeling lucky? Hit the casino with friends to gamble away all the money you've earned from winning games. With only $500 left you can stop by Rob's Imports and buy a pan to cook some Ramen in as you both head home heads low pondering how you'll afford that curved HDTV you wanted in your condo to watch YT videos on with your best bud. Oh well, I'll just go home and stare at this wall canvas I made of Donald Trump.10/10 Best Real Life Gambling Simulator"
,Recommended,394690,23095400,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,AutisticWaffle,"One of my favorite games. With adding more content, this will continue off where GMTower left off"
,Recommended,394690,33593811,Posted: 16 July,all,coreyiscoolio,"Only Garry's Mod Tower members will get  nostalgic playing.I played gmt back in 2011 - 2015 and was in tears when they announced Tower Unite.As much as I love Tower Unite Gmt is irreplaceable and only people whoplayed back in those days will know the true happiness and experience of gmt.Tower Unite is growing and has improved from what we used to have but will never be the same as gmt.overall I love gmt, Tower Unite, and PixelTail Games and support everything they do.Please get this game. It's worth every penny and I would pay so much more"
,Recommended,394690,32212946,Posted: 5 June,all,Professor Trump,"Tower Unite is a good game to chill too and even play some minigames with friends. Mini Golfing is much better than golf with friends, and the ball race soundtrack is a beauty to behold. Anything that is being worked on in the game is can be managed through the progression bar near the area you go too. And some of the content that is being put out is awesome. Every patch gets you hyped for the game, and thats why I give this game a 5 dinklers out of 5 mochas."
76561198113291506,Recommended,394690,34244606,Posted: 14 August,all,Pickle Rick!!!,"Very Awesome Game.Let me start off by saying, don't let the player count put you off. There may be a peak of 400 players per day, however that is plenty for you to have fun and play games with. 99% Of the community is welcoming and Nice to new players and will play minigames with you if you ask in the chat.- The Plaza:The plaza is awesome. It may be a little unoptimized at the moment, but it is bearable. In the plaza you have access to everything you need: Minigames, Stores and more. The plaza gives you access to areas such as: The Casino (Where most of the server is quite a lot of the time lol), Lasertag (Fun Team Based FPS minigame), Bowling (You know what that is, c'mon!), Trivia (Great fun, questions get thrown at you and a bunch of other players - awesome!), Typing Rally (Where you have to type as fast as you can to get to the end with your horse) and much much more.- The Minigames (Virus, Little Crusaders, etc...)The Minigames are amazing! Each minigame feels like its own unique game. Virus is an FPS game in which you start off as a survivor, 1 person out of all of the survivors is infected and has to infect all remaining survivors. The survivors have to survive for around 2 minutes. It is a really fun mode (One of the best in my opinion). Little Crusaders is a game in which you either play as a Knight or a dragon. 1 player plays as a Dragon, the others as Knights. The Knights have to Push a button on the Dragon's back while the Dragon has to eat all Knights. Simple, but really, really fun and addicting.There are quite a few other minigames (Ball Race, Minigolf and another which is in a rough state right now (It is being fixed though)) and these are great too, I just don't have hours to write this review.By playing these Minigames you earn Units, which you can use to Purchase:- Buyable itemsUsing units you can buy many things. Units can be earned by playing Minigames, or by gambling at the Casino. With Units you can buy Clothes, Character Effects, Equipable items (Such as confetti guns), Furniture and electronics for your Condo (Your own House/ Apartment basically). There are many things to buy after playing a few mini-games.- Your CondoYou Can Own A Condo (A Small Apartment or Large House of sorts). These Condo's can vary in size and what they look like, but they are ALL customizable. Most recently they have added an Underwater condo, it looks cool but is pretty expensive (400,000 Units!). You can design many things in your condo, you can decide what the walls, floor and ceiling looks like aswell as many other things. As I said earlier, you can also buy and place furniture. In Your Condo you can watch Youtube with your friends (If you own a TV), mess around and pretty much just have fun.- Do You Need Friends To Play?No. The simple answer is No. Friends may make it more enjoyable, but they are not needed. By playing Tower Unite you will 100% make friends. After my First 10 Hours Playing the game, I already had 3 new friends, we play together quite a lot. If you play on your own you will still have fun. The game is great with, or without friends.- To Wrap UpTower Unite is an amazing game and is 100% worth your time, and your money. Even at full price this Early Access game is amazing and will provide you with Hours of Fun even at its current state. More stuff is also being added Constantly, so the fun will never really run out. Get bored? Wait a few months and have tons of new stuff to do!- WarningDo not, whatever you do go into the Casino. You will never escape, you will never ever get out. Legend even tells of one lonely soul who was stuck in that hellhole for decades. Beware.Buy the game. Its Great."
76561198133910485,Recommended,394690,34417485,Posted: 22 August,all,Fragadelic,"So I was dropped into this world... well it was more like a scattering of houses on half a city block, but still!I saw amusement rides! I saw shops a plenty! Activity centers in the distance. I saw trees of green.. red roses too!But it was all a lie! I thought, as I walked through the park. Not a soul to be found. I entered a shop and I thought I heard... No. Nothing but my own dread filling my up from behind while my back was turned. I thought this must be the end. Not even the dead to keep me company...Frightened, cold and alone I stumbled into one of the casinos. I might have heard something. A whisper. Might have seen something. I rubbed my eyes with my now withered fingers and what do I see.. if not 30+ guys in front of slot machines?! Gambling!10/10 Just like a real amusement park!"
,Recommended,394690,22395709,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Vincentor,"A so far very enjoyable early access game.The content is limited but the development is fairly fast.Personally for me, the game runs well and is very stable, with a smooth 120 fps on highest settings throughout the whole game, and very little game crashes (roughly one game crash every 3 days).The server stability itself has greatly improved since its first launch on Steam, so my experience has been fairly seamless.However, the performance depends on your system a lot, so not everyone gets to have a smooth experience.If you already had performance issues playing the previous GmodTower, then you will most likely have even more problems with Tower Unite.The content is still lacking, with very little customization, only 4 playable minigames and minimal lobby activities.But with what's available now, you can already have tons of fun.Also, a little word of warning: You can NOT rebind your keys yet. As an AZERTY user, this is a little problematic for me as I can not use in-game text chat properly because of this. They're working on this, though.Unless you're unable to get creative with its currently limited content, you should try it out."
,Recommended,394690,29638100,Posted: 1 February,all,x$_Mc.Uddles_$x,Still running on my crap pc 10/10
76561198115078459,Recommended,394690,30031605,Posted: 19 February,all,Yoel,-Installs game-goes to casino-15 hours later still in casino-15/7
,Recommended,394690,25031680,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Belgo,"Hey Niko, let's go bowling"
,Recommended,394690,22312403,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Budget Bender,"I'm amazed, I really am.Pixeltail managed to make masterpieces from an every day Gmod Server (That for some reason had ""Eh"" ratings) to an amazing and one of a kind video game that enhances the idea. I proudly say, as a Gmod Tower veteran/Snake, that they managed to create something I can't even describe. While it isn't pretty at its current state, you'll sink a lot of hours into it.If you're a veteran: Get this game.If you're not: Get this game."
,Recommended,394690,35214964,Posted: 25 September,all,Outtlen,This is the only game you need.
,Recommended,394690,29757212,Posted: 7 February,all,†The Gman†,Been up for dayshavent seen sunlightall i hear is the sound of slot machiens10/10 would gamble again
,Recommended,394690,22423396,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,☠ Dignity ☠ [⇄],Similar to Garry's mod Tower unite delivers a unique experience and its unlike any other game once this game gets out of early access it will be an incredible game
76561198054908664,Recommended,394690,23759042,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PokeStone,If you have online friends this game is seriously perfect for you! That various mini games you can all play are small but tons of fun. Hanging out with friends in either the public plaza or your private condo is one of the bes features. this game has perfect potential and I really hope the devs work hard on it to update it lots
,Recommended,394690,25037592,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Lady Blanc (Periweeb),"Don't listen to those who say that the devs are not working on it. Don't listen to those who say the community is dead. The devs are working extremely hard on a big update - The community is thriving on the official forums and discord.Don't judge it by others reviews. Judge it by the work thats been put into it, and wether or not you like this genre of games."
,Not Recommended,394690,24804017,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Big Boss,"Looking objectively at Tower Unite and from the amount I did actually get to play. I feel like the devs had  freedom in mind when they upgraded from gmod to Unite but if anything I think that makes players too separated.Just to give my honest opinion I feel like there's dozens of lobby servers now and players I've known are spread out among all those servers rather than sticking to one. Also rather than even joining lobbies at all people just dive right into game modes foregoing the lobby entirely. Which then makes condos even more empty. People used to go into condos while they waited or when they were around but now it's completely separated into different severs.Nobody gets together anymore. It's more of a party game now than a community based game.Unless you actually irl friends, no one hangs out anymore. No randoms dropping by your condo or doing goofy things in the plaza. It's just gamemodes or nothing. It feels empty."
,Recommended,394690,28251751,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Havora,This is a decent game after a couple of updates here is my review about Tower Unite :[Pros]+ Casino has been fixed and its pretty damn fun+ New minigames that were introduced such as Trivia and Bowling+ Clothing options and customization things are cool+ Trello support and forum updates which keep us posted on whats coming next[Cons]- Needs more clothing to buy and more accessories (character customization needs more)- Optimization issues in areas (running a 380x and I can run BF4 on high/ultra so yeah)- Rigged casino machines we tested them and you obviously have no chance in winning- The community is active just its not a massive game played anymore compared to launchI rate it like 6/10
76561198079998753,Recommended,394690,25999183,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,knight_medek,"This game is extremely fun.  Reasons why: hang out with people, explore and make condos, play multiple minigames, etc.  The only downside to this is if there's a lack of people (or lack of nice people) and the lag.  But since this game keeps updating, I wouldn't worry too much about the lag (I hope)."
,Recommended,394690,25805827,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tetrax,"One of the best games i've ever played for PC...Basically, you have a house, called a condo. You can buy items for your house with the ingame currency - Units. To earn  units you play games, like:Mini Golf - You are the golf ball you must try to get into the holes (obviously :D)Virus - Like infection from the halo games, one person starts as a zombie and the rest have to survive by using their weapons, and if the infection spreads (all the players got infected) the round is won by the zombies, and if by the end of the time, Human(s) are still alive then the round is won by Humans.There's tons more mini games including Trivia - Zorg ball running type game, a casino where you can win unitsand there's LOADS more coming like Laser Quest, a water park and more.I really can't explain everything in one review but honestly this is one of the best games ever made for PC.10/10"
76561198126185875,Recommended,394690,29435977,Posted: 22 January,all,SnuⒼⒼet♋,"A very good remake of GMod Tower, with a graphics overhaul. Probably will be better when most of the things are finished, so right now on 1/22/17 its abut a 6/10."
,Recommended,394690,27557596,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,⑨ Baka,"It is an amazing game with a lot of mini games, I never played GMOD tower before unfortunately but I am happy to see another go in the standalone version. The community is nice and they are activily busy developping the game to make it better during the early access.As with Early Access games, there are always bugs around and even the character movement is a bit 'meh' but they are still changing everything around, the game is quite playable but a lot of improvement will be made in the next upcoming patches.The graphics are nice and the minigames are quite fun, it is a nice place to relax in after a work/school day."
76561198149328555,Recommended,394690,24932713,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Joshifire,>Buys Tower Unite because enjoyed GMTower>Installs and starts up>Enters lobby>First thing that happens is milk carton comes to me and says join us11/10 would be sexually harassed by milk carton again
,Recommended,394690,23016170,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Aaron,"WHY ARE YOU COMPLAINING ABOUT IT BEING UNFINISHEDSeriously, this game is great. It will be greater with time. Not many games give me that ""child like wonder"" but this one, this one takes the whole cake and then some. It's fun, you have fun and people will be jealous of you having fun while they sit in their chairs not understanding what ""early access"" is.BUY IT."
,Recommended,394690,22442202,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Prophet,"Pretty good so far. The customization is not super sophisticated, but it's there. The performance is.... meh, but I assume that the game will be better optimized as time goes on and more updates roll out.  My only big complaint is that th damn Ball Race game is overly difficult, to the point where some stages were literally impossible for the whole server to get passed. But, besides these issues, the game shows promise and is a good place to hang out with friends, watch videos, and play the games that are there currently. I can see this game being really great when it is fully released."
76561198073365372,Recommended,394690,22332000,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Helix #Msg me to learn to code,"Coming from someone who also develops on Garry's Mod, I am very glad to see other developers expand beyond the modding scene.Besides it's shaky launch, the game is very fun. Although it has bugs, the gameplay really makes up for them. But, I can't really complain. After all, the game is in Early Access for a reason. Which is something that people should take in account before purchasing.This game is playable, but there will be bugs. I dont know any Early Access game that doesn't have them. Just keep in mind that this is no where near the finished product. So I recommend buying this game to support the developers financially and with improving this game."
76561198316632506,Recommended,394690,30899589,Posted: 2 April,all,FactorManTCE,"Tower Unite is AMAZING, (honestly, it's my favorite game EVER.) and here's why I like it:Good Graphics and AnimationLets your imagination freeYet there's only 5 games in gaming hall, (1 of which doesn't even work) they're all very high quality.Customize your own homeTVs let you watch youtube with your friends ON TOWER UNITEBeautiful PlazaGood quantity and quality in storesDock has a ton of gamesAccsessories are amazingYour avatar can be a milk cartonYour avatar can be any colorJetpacks are high qualityYou can never stop pressing E in casinoTower Unite is a family friendly game (other than cursing)Shading is outstandingThe server type is the server time. (E.g: Your in Chicago server, your time zone is Chicago.)Now here's the cons. :(LagCursingThat's all! Now stop reading and play Tower Unite! I mean it, I said stop!"
,Recommended,394690,30029887,Posted: 19 February,all,Geppo,"Dont buy, you'll become addicted to the casino."
,Recommended,394690,22396146,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Gungar,"Tower Unite in my opinion is an amazing successor to Gmod Tower, it's such a relaxing and fun game to play especially with your friends. I can't wait to see what else the developers have in store for us in the future, definitely get this game!"
,Recommended,394690,22321512,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HUNcamper,"Cannot say too much.For a first early release launch, the Devs are working really hard on making this game perfect.When I met with GMTower for the first time, I simply LOVED it. So much, that I kept going back every day with my friends. When I heard about this game, my jaw was dropped. This is a game that noone made before.Or should I even call it a GAME? This is more than a game. Much more.I wish I didn't miss the donation part, since I'd LOVED to donate for them, and I can proudly say that this is one of the rare games what I do not regret buying for this much.Love you Pixeltail, and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,394690,30426254,Posted: 10 March,all,mets11rap,"This game is great! Not only is it fun, the devs are ALWAYS active in development and they communicate with the community in amazing ways. They even build friendships with us. They take constructive critisizm, and listen to suggestion. They have a trello so you can see their progress, a forums, and a discord. They're always squashing pesky bugs and pumping out new updates. The community is great. You can make so many friends! The game has great graphics and they even stream what they have in store for us. You can have lot's of fun and there's plenty of customization and things to do. The game is an advancement of the Gmod gamemode success Gmod Tower, so you can't be disappointed. I have plenty more to say, but I'm not going to fill this whole thing up. Hopefully this has already made a good impression for you."
76561198020551698,Recommended,394690,29292614,Posted: 16 January,all,Margoul Getron,First time playing : Ok one little look at the casino and go minigolfTwo hours later : WHEEL OF MONEY!!!!!
,Recommended,394690,35041500,Posted: 18 September,all,Vionic,"Optimization is a little iffy rn, not as much to do yet compared to gmod tower but the game's development seems to be going on fairly well. Good buy for $15, especially if you have friends. Playing this game without friends can make it dull pretty fast. There's not many people to join randomly so having a little squad makes things a lot better, from playing minigames to hanging out in your condo, condo hangouts are not much fun without friends unless you manage to get 20 people in your condo.The minigames are fun, and pretty well made, ball race is more frustrating than I rememberuuuuuhI found someones condo that had a room full of high quality furry porn so hey whatever"
,Recommended,394690,29259938,Posted: 14 January,all,JTM,"Tower Unite is fun to play with friends and even with randoms in the game.You can play things like Golf,Bowling,Trivia,Casino and much more things :)Game also get's updates every once in a while so it can be a lot of fun just see for yourself ^^8/10"
,Recommended,394690,31087465,Posted: 11 April,all,Lucariwhoa,"Tower Unite is a massively multiplayer hub world connected to a variety of minigames you can play with your friends. You can play many activities within the hub world like Bowling, Laser Tag and Typing Races, or you can play minigames like Minigolf, Virus, Ball Race or Little Crusaders. Tower Unite is the spiritual successor to GMod Tower, a popular gameplay modification for Garry's Mod. Making the jump from Source to Unreal engines was deemed necessary by the developers thanks to the crazy coding workarounds needed to make this game work in Source. In the new engine as a standalone game, the graphics now look prettier and the gameplay is much smother.The last time I reviewed this game was about half a year ago when optimization was still a bit of a problem. As of their most recent update, the game now runs smoothly at 60 FPS - even on my mid-tier laptop! However, some may find there is still a lack of content to justify the price tag at this moment. If I hadn't loved Gmod Tower so much or had no friends to play with I would definitely save my money for something else, but since both situations apply to me I believe my money was well-spent. Minigolf is as fun as it always was except it now plays much more reliably. Little Crusaders is as fun a game as I remember, although games don't seem to populate often. Virus is also somewhat deserted at times, but now runs with noticeably less lag thanks to the move from Source. The casino runs a bit faster now, and has new machines like Double or Nothing - my personal favorite.MY SCORE: 5/10. There is still a lot left to do for the developers, but the game is still enjoyable. My main concern is player customization, is the main reason this score is so low. A social game like this needs lots of personalization, and right now there isn't enough. As I stated above I recommend this game to people who've played Gmod Tower before, but outsiders should probably wait for a sale or until the game is released."
76561198088946007,Recommended,394690,23966201,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hurricane Irma,i may not have that many hours the time of this reviewPros:Beautiful the graphics are amazingit has a cinema and media player and you can customize a housenice communityCons:everyone has 100-200+ ping (but you cant even tell it still runs smoothly)i tried to play mini golf and my game crashed my screen went black and i had to close it from task managereverything is a WIP but thats okay most of them are 50% done and i cant wait till there all done
,Recommended,394690,30192269,Posted: 26 February,all,s W o l e,"9/10 game. When the arcade is added, game will be 10/10. If you enjoy social games like GMod, you will love this game.p.s. wheel of money is a scam"
,Recommended,394690,22359157,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mama Purin™,"I myself, am quite shocked by the quality of the graphics of this game, and absolutely love the variety of options that you can do here. The game may be in development as of now and there still may be bugs, but so far, I would say that it is going to become a great success. With all the creativity and inspiration from PixelTail's past successor, GM Tower, that ran on Source Engine, the community will sure be pleased with it. GM Tower was amazing as well as the memories I myself and others have made while enjoying my time there. I will never forget my favorite game, Source Karts, and will be looking forward to seeing something similar in the game modes to it as well. PixelTail, you've done great and I am rooting for you! Continue with the great work and you'll make it big :)If you are not a fan of bugs and exploits, some lag, and just can't stand playing a game that isn't all the way developed, then don't get the game yet until it's at least a bit more improved and completed! :D"
,Recommended,394690,28805828,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,FX | One Wheel Josho,"An absolutly amazing game, great graphics, great gameplay and an amazing idea. 100% worth it!"
,Recommended,394690,31872817,Posted: 20 May,all,Snowdude,"Super fun, like the minigames."
,Recommended,394690,22341167,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,- Rabbit ☆,"I spend a lot of hours in GMOD Tower and I was waiting for this game so badly <3Even if there're some problems yet, that doesnt mean anything bad.This game will grow up in future and be better, just patience..."
76561198095640731,Recommended,394690,23662564,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mr.Nick Cage,I get to be a Milk Carton. This opens up a wonderful new world for my fetish roleplays.10/10 Milk in my pants!
,Recommended,394690,33488844,Posted: 12 July,all,★Robin Sweg★™,"Quite a good game. Made by a small company called PixelTail which don't have much of a budget so there is numerous bugs the the game is very fun! The concept of this game is perfection! Playing games to earn points to decorate your condo, then move into other houses, skyscrapers or even underwater bases! As it is early acess and PixelTail is only working on this game, updates are more than frequent, being pumped out very often, keeping it fresh and enjoyable for many hours!WOULD BUY!"
76561198144225593,Recommended,394690,26103941,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,♘Craneface♘ (Genji),"WellWhere do I start.Virtual world where you can chill and play with friendsEarning ""coins"" for furniture for your condo and appearance.Very good, and people actually use the voice chat.Then casino came outHope you're lucky getting a nice jackpot!"
,Not Recommended,394690,24646352,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ogniK,"Lets get started with this, I tried to have fun. I really tried to, I booted the game up multiple times but most of the servers are completely dead, everything is so spread appart and disconnected, it just doesn't feel like the ""Party"" game it claims to be. Every patch which fixes one thing ends up creating 5 more bugs and constant crashing. With how often patches are getting pushed out and how slow development is especially with the giant development team they have. Tower Unite doesn't exactly feel like an early access game, it feels more like an incomplete prototype."
,Recommended,394690,22369326,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Sgt.Mays,"The sucessor to GMod Tower, in UE4. While it is still in early stages it is really good!.If you played GMod Tower, you must check this out."
,Recommended,394690,23721882,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mariofly5,"This is a brilliant game, should get more praise than it currently has."
,Recommended,394690,22308477,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SpookyMegiChan,"I have been playing GMTower for years now, I can honestly say this is one amazing game, that I am happy to say I bought straight after release. I am extremely impressed by the work and effort gone into this standalone game. I look forward to trying out all of the new features."
,Recommended,394690,33372656,Posted: 8 July,all,Ziph,"Definitely worth your time and money.Want a party game with friends? This is it.Want a virtual world to meet people? This is it.Think you're immune to gambling addiction? Prove it.This is GMOD Towers' baby, with updated and better stuff. The minigames are what makes this game. Minigolf and Ball Race(Super Monkey Ball) are the most popular, and they are loads of fun. The options for customizing your own condo are amazing, you can work magic if you're a creative spirit with lots of time on your hands. Not to mention that you can get your cardboard animu waifu and place one in every corner.i totally didn't do this.There are bugs and the occasional lag and framedrop, but overall works like a charm. Personally I don't like to buy early access games, but the devs seem to be putting out updates regularly which is a great sign. I'm looking forward to new features, game modes and more furniture. Looks like this game has a bright future."
,Recommended,394690,31675052,Posted: 10 May,all,Sojee,"Want to buyTower Unite?? Here's some things to understand:1) It's early access, so you might discover some bugs2) It's early access, so content is still being made3) It's early access, so optimization is limited*3.5) It's early access, so expect a lot people playinghentai-... Enjoying videos4) It's early access, so servers are not always super active5) It's early access, so you'll probably see a lot of hate for it being early accessHonestly, just buy the game!!"
,Not Recommended,394690,24773939,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,R E D - ハンナナ 1 2 3 7,"This game is a successor to the popular game mode ""Gmod Tower"" in the game Garry's Mod. Or should I say ""was"" popular as the game mode was shut down in order to begin development on this project. The core of Gmod Tower was socializing in the hub area, customizing your character and personal apartment, and participating in minigames to earn credits.I wish I could say I have any expectation of this game reaching the same level as the game mode it was based on, but I'm not sure it will. The playerbase is kinda dead at this point, pulling in only approximately 77 average users across any number of servers (And that average has been dropping by about 20 users every month). The physics in the new engine just feel ""off"", it's especially noticable in games like ball race. I can say I think condo customization has gotten a bit better, albeit at the expense of player customizability. In it's current state I'd say there's just nothing to bring you back to it aside from the stray update or two, which even then will only get you back in for a few minutes before you realize there's not much substance there and leave for another month or two."
76561198117573742,Recommended,394690,22327511,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ISYNCI,"Tower Unite is is a game based  off Gmod Tower if you have never played Gmod tower I'll give you a briefing of what it is Gmod tower was/is a game mode that consisted mostly of socialising making your own condo as seen in tower unite and has a wide range of mini games like Virus, golf etcFrom what I've seen, heard and played so far is that the team of Gmod tower have put a lot of work into it and the game itself does not have a lot of bugs/errors. There's not really much to judge mostly because it's early access but I'd like to ask the team of Tower Unite if they could use better models than Fuse models cause the models down grade the game and don't match with Unreal engine textures nor environment.Overall this game is quality I'm giving it my personal score 10/10Do look forward to seeing more improvementsFYI if you push ""V"" in your condo you can toggle No-Clip"
,Recommended,394690,22312195,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[MG] Confidentbottle,"To be perfectly honest, I was expecting more at launch, but that's how hype culture works.There. I said it. Take the slight hint of bait or continue reading as any competent person would.Anyways, moving on...TU has some serious potential, and I can easily see this getting better quickly. Pixeltail knows what they're doing, and honestly I feel a bit bad for them right now with such a massive influx of bug reports and forum traffic. Have fun, guys :PEveryone on the internet is too lazy to read a wall of text so i'll keep this concise.Keep in mind that pretty much every con will be fixed over time. There is a reason the word ""Early"" is in ""Early Access."" If you buy a game this early your goal should be to help the developers make a better game.Pros:-Virus is very fast-paced now, but still very entertaining. My favorite gamemode right now-I still can get aviators-I get more creative freedom with my condo-All the old games are still going to be added-Virus has a kickass soundtrack-Again, a huge space for potential and expansion into a very popular game.Cons:-Servers tend to be unreliable. This may be my awful internet to blame, though.-Plaza is semi-useless at the moment, will probably change soon enough-Hard to run on a lower-end machine. Take this how you want, as it means some nice graphics for high-end users-the usual menagerie of bugs that come standard with an alphaAll in all, buy the game now if you want to support the devs at this point. If you aren't the sort that pitches your money like that, wait a month or two and come back to a much better game. We'll be waiting for you.tl;dr Idgaf. read it you lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,394690,25570111,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,☭ Mr.Frie Frie ッ,This game went from golf simulator to gambling addiction tycoon real fast
,Recommended,394690,22310472,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Prodigalist,"The spiritual successor to Gmod Tower, Tower Unite at early access already has more potential than a majority of Early Access games. Remember that its Early Access and enjoy the game for yourself, this just proves how much of a handicap Garry's Mod was to the development team of GMT and how amazing it can really be when there aren't as many restrictions."
,Recommended,394690,23292327,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Puunk_,"Honestly one of the best experiences I have had in video games for a while, and I'm saying this a couple hours before my friend will be able to play with me as I just gifted him the game and he isn't online yet. This game is far from finished, yet it stays far from boring. They constantly advertise the suggestions forum, and if that doesn't show that they care about the community I don't know what does."
,Recommended,394690,33279403,Posted: 5 July,all,Alzukie,"Came for the minigolf, Stayed for the cripping gambling addiction.10/10"
,Recommended,394690,22342825,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,olly on some molly,"So, I played GMod Tower for precisely 200 hours and I had so much fun and when I found out that they were making a game based on it I was so hyped. When I saw all of the things they were going to add to it I've got to admit I was so happy. Now that it's been released there are quite alot of bugs but it is still an amazing games and all of the things they plan to add in the futre will make it even better.-If you want to dedicate alot of time into playing different mini games to earn money and buy items and if you want to have alot of fun with friends or even online players (the community is good on this game) then BUY THIS GAME.-If you don't feel like playing this game alot and don't want to have a really fun time with your friends then BUY THIS GAME.overall BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,394690,33161310,Posted: 2 July,all,JohnnyV★,Best game. -- make a 4 pack or a 3 pack and reduce the price for even more players!From the moment I bought it whenever I want to play a second game I play it with tower unit too so I don't miss my chance to win the jackpot.Overall 9/10.
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,394690,22528575,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Tower UniteUpdate Version: 0.1.0.7Disclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewerI am not ashamed to admit I was rather supportive of PlayStation Home during the beginning and still support the type of structure it promoted to this day. I always enjoyed the idea of using a base hub to allow players a chance to goof around and enjoy virtual environments while waiting for a group to get online for a night of intense gaming. Unfortunately, the weird concept never took off and ended up sinking on the Sony ocean. I heard of this type of game before on PC without the game aspect and was overjoyed to see PixelTail Games taking a crack at it on Steam. Does this experience tower over the failed attempts in the past or simply weep in the shadow of the genre? I doubt it matters, because the real concern is if it can work better than PlayStation Home did.Before I begin, I should disclose I was not part of the closed alpha build so I cannot compare the two versions (a couple of people I talked to have told me the alpha worked better than the current beta).Tower Unite provides three main focuses: playing games to earn currency, a main terminal/marketplace to hangout with friends and buy items, and a condo you can personalize with furniture bought in the marketplace. Each part is still lacking in the content department, ""coming soon"" signs littering the marketplace with upcoming features. The condo does not contain a large variety of furniture and the four games available, while fleshed out, still need more maps (more games are coming). The marketplace has a movie theater currently open to allow players a chance to watch YouTube videos together and a couple of shops to provide accessories. I have observed people making their own entertainment though through role play, so it does serve it's purpose to act as a central hangout.The bulk of the time is going to be spent in the games offered on the main menu as a means to earn currency. The four types are a zombie shooter, a ball race/obstacle course, mini golf and a ball capture game. Each game feels complete and handles well control wise. Each round is relatively short and provide rewards after each match/hole. There is a major issue with server assignments that will feed into a later point; there are no dedicated servers and a random player is selected to host each server. The amount of people playing each game type varies as well, with a good chunk of people focusing on mini golf while Planet Panic is left to rot from inactivity. The games are enjoyable though.Now to address the elephant in the room: frame rate and latency. The number one issue I generally see with Early Access falls into the optimization category and Tower Unite is no exception. Even with a 980 GTX Ti and wired connection I find myself fluctuating from 40 to 15 FPS with some massive drops into the single digits. Loading screen freezes are a regular beast to handle with the terminal being the worse offender. Crashes also rear their ugly head with the main menu opening normally only to shut down as soon as you select a feature. Latency from the games also make them an annoyance to play most of the time when other player's internet connections decide to cause stutters and slow down. These issues happen way to frequently to ignore and are to noticeable to be isolated incidents. All of the mentioned issues are apparent on lowest graphical settings as well.It is taxing to overcome all of the performance issues knowing at the framework of this neat idea. I had a great time watching movie trailers in the theater or goofing around in mini golf with random players. The charm of a community style hangout is indeed underneath the surface, but it cannot overcome the stutters and laggy putters. I really hope sometime down the line this game will get some better safeguards to ensure smoother operation, but for now it is just safer to purchase a condo in another tower. Just make sure to pay the safety deposit.Pros- Games are polished and enjoyable- Condo customization, while limited, is entertaining- Community is laid back with positive attitudeCons- In need of serious optimization- Servers need stabilization- Crashes and loading screen freezes"
,Recommended,394690,22332446,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,black timmy turner,Finally found a game to finally dump my worthless life into.
,Recommended,394690,23362161,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,RainbowLox,"For This Review My Specs Are The Following:12gb corsair vengence ddr3 ramEVGA GTX 980ti _ 6gb GDDR5 VramIntel I5 2310-k @ 3.3ghzWindows 10 ProAbsolutely amazing, although its not to gmod tower level, with the stuff on the roadmap, when it exits early access, it will be even better than gmod tower.Pros -Great GraphicsFun And Addictive GameplayREALLY good soundtrack. i reccomend purchasing the 5.99pound soundtrack, it is worth it.Decently optimized (although i kept in DX11, many with older cards i reccomend you set -dx10 as a launch option. 10 will run better on older cards) although im on a 980ti these are the following time the fps would drop-A noticible drop to about 30 whenever a golf ball went in a hole, not terrible, but would pretty much freeze at this point on older cards at this setting EDIT : THIS HAS NOW BEEN VASTLY IMPROVED AND BARELY DROPS NOW! KUDOS TO THE DEVS FOR DOING IT SO FAST!-The Character Customizer, the dev constantly patches the fps in this. still runs rather poorly. (about 40fps) (WHY!?)-The Condo, the condo looks beautiful and the lighting effects are great, but due tot his at day time it can cause my fps to drop to about 50.-video playback, when playing media on the devices in game unless i set it to 360p it would skip frames in the video, except in the theatre. that ran fine, probally my internet to be honest, just thought id mention it 360p doesnt matter to much anyway as the monitor ingame only takes up a small portion of your actual monitor.By far one of the best communities, the gmod tower community was awesome, and so is this one, met so many freindly nice people already, simply good for even just socializing... without leaving your home.Cons -Quite a few bugs, i've encountered quite alot of bugs in the minigolf minigame, although not as many everywhere else.other than lobby no dedicated servers, if you live faraway from the host then you're out of luck, i found this didnt effect the virus or minigolf games though as long as the ping was lower than 500Remove planet panic or fix it, i mean, it makes me sad, sad backward is das as in, das not good. (im not a comedian if you haven't guessed)overall if you're a gmod tower fan like i was, its a MUST buy, if you're new to this, maybe do some research, watch videos and make your own decision.but as i say, if you are a gmod tower fan, get it right way, even in its current state, its very enjoyable.edit : as they have been delaying updates, admitidly, i am a bit dissapointed at it also, but if we look at it now, i cant blame them, it was too ambitious to bring all those updates out so soon, and id rather them finish them rather than rush them."
76561198169391375,Recommended,394690,23394216,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Shawshank Rodempskie,You can be milk.10/10
76561197970351637,Recommended,394690,22349043,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Tommy,"A very good game considering its still in very early access. Playing the games to win money, and then using the money to buy furniture to decorate your condo, is very addicting!! With lots more updates on the way, this game is a must have. But beware...time will go by quickly when playing this game."
,Recommended,394690,29214188,Posted: 12 January,all,ReFL3X,A small collection of minigames that is still being updated at the time of writing. It also has a hub/plaza area that connects everything with it's own lifelike casino and multiple luxury condos to live in.
,Recommended,394690,30351561,Posted: 5 March,all,Angelspeed,Would blast music from the bar and launch fireworks from the rofttop again. :)
76561198119639744,Recommended,394690,31346088,Posted: 24 April,all,Cuck Holder 101,"Tower UnitePros1.Mini games2.customization (Condos)3.Visuals4.Community/DevelopersCons1.Long loading screens2.Lots of Frame drops3. Freezing4. minimal customization (characters)SummaryTower Unite is a really amazing and fun little game, This is basically gmod towers own game. As of now, there is 5 mini games which is mini golf, virus, littler crusaders, ball race, and planet panic, and more in development. Does not seem like much but these mini games can keep you busy for a few hours. For the visuals this game is unexpectley amazing. There is a day and night cycle which is pretty cool. I have not yet met any toxic people, if anything there really helpful and nice. And as for the developers, They know what there doing and they listen to their community. So if you have a suggestion for a mini game or anything else let them know they will make it happen. As for the loading screens, i understand they can be long because theres so much. But i have alot of issues with freezing while loading into the plaza. Which is fine but it can be really frustrating at times and im sure it will be fixed. For the customization, there is tons of things for your condo or house. You can win decorations from the spinning wheel in the casino, or make enough money from mini games to buy stuf for your condo. But, for your character there isnt to much, im sure they will add more but at the moment there isnt to much but lots of hats lol. This game has lots of potential and im very excited to see the future of this game!Rating8/10"
,Recommended,394690,33072231,Posted: 1 July,all,Spookum Booum,"Gambling simulator, for real"
76561198054833610,Recommended,394690,26379734,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Grim Insanity,"Tower is a pretty great game for playing with friends or just meeting random people, not much more I can say for now aside from it's fun & great to play with friends & random people"
,Recommended,394690,22310040,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Biggest Doinks in Amish,"Tower Unite is definitely in Early Access, I'll tell ya' that much. Yet, for what we're given at this stage, I am pleased with how far it has gotten compared to the Garry's Mod gamemode. While it is not yet fully complete, no where near in fact, it is still capable of delivering some good fun even this early in developement.I look forward to the future of Tower Unite."
,Recommended,394690,26208241,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Superw0rri0,"Alright.... to give you an idea of what state this game is in... I am writing this review to pass the time during loading screens. When you first get into this game, yes it's a loading screen simulator. However, when you do get into it, it's an amazing game...Before I go any further, this is an early access game so you'll have to put up with a few issues:- Long loading times- Unoptomized graphics- heavy CPU useageBut again... this early access... once these issues are fixed, it'll be a great game because:- Great graphics- Minigames are great- Casino is fun- Cando has tons of customizeability and potential (can be completely tailored to your liking)- Active communityNot only that but there are many more features and gamemodes coming in the future...However, this is slow development... but it's good development... it's a small dev team that are making an ambitious game and even though it's slow development, what they're doing is great."
,Recommended,394690,33909379,Posted: 30 July,all,MichaelBoobsX,How to play tower unite.Step 1. play triviaStep 2. go to casinoStep 3. go back to triviaStep 4. stay at trivia never leave.
,Recommended,394690,34343132,Posted: 18 August,all,KittyLanah ✓,"I've bought it and no regrets.I've played on gmod tower, I missed it a lot when it was gone and started to being a new game. So I've bought it, and there's my review.No microtransactions. That's the best point from the game and I love it. You have to fully earn your cash by playing.Much better graphics than gmod (obvius)Customizable characterNew condos to customizeNice musicFunny minigames wich some of them comes from Gmod as little crusaders, minigolf, and the ball race (Mellon race & that ps2 monkey ball game)They are constantly adding new features, also you can join on the official Discord server, where you can chat and speak with tower unite players and Developers. Also you can do the same on forums where they take a lot of sugestions. One example is, they are working on adding steam workshop.I love to customize my condo with canvas stuff, adding what I want in PNG and JPEG, people can do a lot of funny & creative stuff.If you are a streamer/youtuber like me, you will love to stream this game with some community members, your viewers will have fun and will want to play this game with you.Friendly community, except the 80% of weeabos I found ingame, they are really rude with random people and they act like if you don't got any permission to be arround them or play with them. So basicly I would like to kick them out of here to ""Osu!"" or whatever weeabo game they like, for being toxic with the rest of the community."
76561198073158367,Recommended,394690,22411949,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Prime_Evo,This game is about role-play with the love of party games and the developers.
,Recommended,394690,22459041,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,» Magic «,What GMTower should have been <3The devs update almost daily with a huge changlog every timeDefinitely worth considering
,Recommended,394690,27714113,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tai,just 5 more minutes
,Recommended,394690,32018666,Posted: 28 May,all,bluepuppet,4/5. Plaza loading needs fixing
,Recommended,394690,32621935,Posted: 21 June,all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,Honestly I'm just really glad I don't have any reason to play ♥♥♥♥ing gmod anymore
,Recommended,394690,22570752,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,"Captain Stede Bonnet ""Gentleman""","I decide ""You know what im going to join a random condo with tons of people in it"". I find one with 10. I got in I find 10 people in the upstairs room with the stairs in it.  Everyones either laughing or commenting on whats being watched. I turn on the projecter. No idea whats being watched i stay and join in on the fun. 3 Hours later... I finally leave after laughing my buttocks off, Not even really understanding what it is i was watching, with a bunch of random people that id never seen before. Then I go to my condo and re-evaluated my life becasue it was such a great experience.11 out of a possible 5.Would go to a random condo full of 10 people again."
,Recommended,394690,26697598,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Flooooooooow,"Really great fun, especially with friends but it suffers from a few issues,-Really slow load times-Sometimes hangs when loading-Fairly unoptomisedApart from these technical issues it's a pretty great game, the development team is fairly small so obviously development is not super speedy but the updates are pretty good when they come. It's a very ambitious game and I think they're doing a fairly decent job at working on it.The games themselves are very fun with friends and I really enjoy all of the new additions to the lobby.If you enjoyed gmod tower it'd be a good idea to at least purchase this to help the development of something that will hopefully turn out to be better than gmod tower.I'd recommend this game if you're willing to sit through some technical issues."
,Recommended,394690,22386262,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Matt Sowards - Old Profile,"One of the best games i have ever played, It's a standalone success from the prior mod ""Gmod Tower"" from the game ""Garry's Mod"""
,Recommended,394690,32788359,Posted: 25 June,all,svaugrasn,Casino simulator
,Recommended,394690,29218388,Posted: 12 January,all,The Towel Dog,This place helped me find girls online who are single and ready to mingle! If you wanna find a girlfriend online fast i suggest you buy this game. I found 3 gfs here already and 7 side hoes!!!!
,Recommended,394690,24088148,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,CrazyBloo,"You know a game is good when you put 7 hours in on your first day of owning it.But really, I Played GMTower for 3 years, and Tower Unite Definately deserves the title of being is standalone successor, Maybe not so much now since almost 70% of the content isnt even added yet, but when this game leaves early access, I ensure anyone would like it."
,Recommended,394690,22310977,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,AholicKnight,"""this game is like a perfect turd. it belongs in the toilet but its somehow magnificent"""
76561198084096500,Recommended,394690,33491575,Posted: 12 July,all,Ziziio,"I took a chance with this game. A chance that I would say was really worth it. At first, I was a bit skeptical with purchasing this game, but after a while, I decided to give it a try. On my first day, I discovered the awesome minigames and main games. The casino was really fun too to spend time with friends in, predicting on who would hit the jackpot first (none of us did.) Even though this game may be early in development, there is so much to do and so much fun to be had. Seriously, pick this game up to have an awesome time with your friends. The minigames alone are enough to keep you entertained for hours on end. Did I mention there are also other types of apartments you can buy?"
,Recommended,394690,29415399,Posted: 21 January,all,VBalways,"I used to play PlayStation Home when it was still around. When it shut down, I tried to find another Virtual Social World, but Tower Unite really is the best by far. The condo customizations are beyond incredible, and the mini games are so much fun. I never had the chance to experience GMod Tower, but I'm glad I got to jump right into Tower Unite, and I can't wait to see more and more improvements! It would be cool to have more customizations for your avatar, as well as emotes."
,Recommended,394690,33485900,Posted: 12 July,all,Austin,Great casual / social game! I love that you can hop in mini-games right away and leave whenever you want. Most multiplayer games these days require at least a 20-45 minute commitment per round. In Tower Unite you can show up whenever you want and leave whenever you want while still getting the full currency per round.Developers are always working on new things for the community and they have all future content publicly accessible so that anyone can view development progress. I played the original Garry’s Mod Tower and I must say this game exceeds the quality of the first. You can customize a lot in your condo and really make it your own.
,Recommended,394690,31507089,Posted: 2 May,all,Massaki,"I'll preface this review by explaining that I have friends who work on this game, so it may be a LITTLE bias.I will be giving my opinion from the Early Access Release dated 2/05/17, just over one full year after its initial early access release.It's such a strange and inspiring anomaly to see how far an idea goes. Tower Unite initially started from the mind of Macklin D Guy as a concept on Facepunch Studios Forums in 2005; a concept that involved creating a full-fledged social experience based MMO within the confines of a mod for Half Life 2. With the amount of proposed features and obscenely cool things that had been promised it seemed nigh-impossible at the time, especially with a Dev Team consisting of part time developers. Fast forward 4 years of painstaking development, trial and error, dev team reforms and major changes to the Garry's Mod environment, GMod Tower opened its doors to the public. Myself being aged 13 at the time would stay awake from 3am til 4am (GMT) repeatedly attempting to connect to it's server via console commands and all kinds of different trickery within GMod to make sure I got my foot in first. From that moment forward GMod Tower opened its door to not only a game within a game, but an ever-growing community, new friendships, experiences never before had in video gaming as a whole and professional development for a lot of people like myself and its current development team. GMTower became bigger than it ever set out to be.With Tower Unite, sees that same concept from 2005 fully realized, A day that nobody then would have saw coming. Tower Unite in 2017 contains an online experience you won't be able to find elsewhere for the reason being that the game is exactly what you make of it. Would you like to be a Brunswick-tier bowler? You can do that, Do you want to buy a house only to convert it and entire neighborhood into a space station, you can totally do that? Do you want a virtual gambling addiction to fuel your crippling obsession for virtual body pillows?You can do that!- I guess.It would be amiss to not look into the individual features and break this review down into segments as to take a good look at each part of this game.The PlazaThe plaza acts as the main hub for the game, from here you can access everything the game has to offer. From an artistic standpoint the plaza is as beautiful as it should be being the first thing a player would see. A working day/night cycle gives the right mood and atmosphere to the plaza, creating scenic beautiful displays depending on the time of day in-game, from the rising sun splitting the palm trees to the glimmer of the neon splattered buildings at night. Careful detail has been put in to little things leaving no stone un-turned, a lot of fun can be had simply exploring and finding fun developer in-jokes in a lot of the in-game product design and map itself. It's a warm, vibrant and comfortable place to be stationed. The interior design of each of these functions represent super-amplified versions of their real life counterparts but not in anyways to an obnoxious extent. The layout of the map feels natural and accessing different areas such as the casino, game-modes, condo and theatre is easy for the newest of players and instantly becomes memorable. There are a variety of different activities in the Plaza itself, ranging from shopping for furniture, gambling, watching YouTube videos, Bowling, Typing-based Race competitions and taking part in a Who Wants to be a Millionaire themed gameshow. All of these different activities play exactly how you would expect, with a lot of the latter rewarding you for your efforts.Condos/Personal SpaceOne important thing about a ""Personal Space"" is that itmustbe ""personal"". I can honestly say I have never seen a game to offer as much customization as Tower Unite does in the ways of creating your own personal space. You're given the means to create a place you want to show off to your friends and work towards creating something unique. In my time I have seen people create full recreations of past iterations of the game as well as huge scale displays of their own interests and personalities, however this is not without hard work which I will elaborate on later in the review.GamemodesI’ll generalize the gamemodes in one section due to Minigolf and Ballrace being the only gamemodes with currently finished and competent gameplay. I will update this review to include Virus and Little Crusaders when it’s opportune to give them a fair critique.MinigolfMinigolf plays exactly how you would expect it would, it’s controls make perfect sense and require virtually no mental training, you will however begin to memorize the layout of each course in due time, which is fine considering the amount of maps for this gamemode is staggering. As with any online game, there are the obvious favourite maps (usually those that favour easier payouts). This can easily be circumvented by starting your own server and playing with a group of friends.BallraceMy favourite Ballrace plays blissfully under the new networking and engine. Those who remember the clunkiness and latency-based problems of its GMod predecessor will be happy to know that getting across a tight corner is a lot more manageable and reaching the bananas at the end of the small tiny platform is feasible. Each map follows a 90’s sega-esque theme, which is a motif that never goes outdated, this is undoubtedly the most arcade-like of the gamemode selection and for that reason is the easiest to pick up and play and challenging to master.Overall DifficultyI felt like this deserves its own heading because Tower Unite is definitely not a difficult game to get into and begin playing, there are many things to actuallyget goodat, which is excellent for those who example, may not be the greatest at FPS but otherwise great at bowling.But to sustain any kind of wealth at the moment admittedly requires a large amount of grinding which turns a lot of activities (Game modes, Gambling) into long stretches of monotonous rinse and repeat patterns. In turn this has people searching for the activity for the easiest pay-out rather than playing something they may enjoy more. The mad dash for in-game currency overpowers the enjoyment of doing just about anything else in the game. As players with limitless amounts of time on their hands run around with the most expensive gear on their avatar, inviting you to their castle-come condo it can often make you feel bereft of any drive if you don’t have the same amount of time to be spending on the game.VerdictTower Unite has been 10+ years in the making and it shows, PixelTail have gained the trust of its fans and followers to create something truly wonderful. As it stands we’re on the very cusp of that something. It’s a game that is not favourable to those with a limited amount of time on their hands, but its constant updates, warming atmosphere, inviting community and plans of growing ever bigger is something that’ll keep you coming back."
,Recommended,394690,23478436,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Prominency,"I have been around since tower 1 in the original garrys mod gamemode and I know the community quite well. I am so happy that this has grown so vast and would love to see people enjoy the game. Though this isn't about the old, but about the new. This game is fantastic and if you love roleplaying it is the game for you. Great people and great activites from minigames to condos."
,Recommended,394690,32963572,Posted: 28 June,all,mason_clark_source,"Tower Unite has the potential to be one of the best, if not THE best game on Steam.It's that good.Even when I get bored and move on to other games, a new update will drop and I'll be hooked to it aaaalll over again.This is the kind of game you can't stop coming back to.Buy it at full price. You'll meet friends (and enemies! this IS the internet, after all), you'll see really cool condos, you'll build your own little condo to your liking, and...what am I talking about, just buy the damn game already!!!It can be laggy at times, and you may or may not encounter a couple of glitches, but that's to be expected with a game like this.9/10"
76561198224349012,Recommended,394690,33746064,Posted: 23 July,all,Zebracorn,"This game may not be finshed but my god this game is fun! Theres so much to do and its overall fun! This is one of the best games ive played in a while i highly think that more people should get this so we can grow the fanbase! Its not to pricey at 16.99, this game you can meet to friends or just play with other friends if they have the game theres so many game modes and new games modes always coming out! The best part of this game is the plaza a giant hub world were theres so many shops mini games and even a cansio and one more thing there is condos where you can creat your own home! and have friends vist or have partys!!! Just get this game and grow the fan base!"
76561198018642305,Recommended,394690,31124445,Posted: 13 April,all,vupe,Great game. Best developers I've ever had the pleasure to interact with.
,Recommended,394690,34991544,Posted: 16 September,all,ZONEcold,"Great game, especially with friends."
,Recommended,394690,34768400,Posted: 5 September,all,Rye-Rye99,"I found this game very fun to play. The mini-golf is excellent, and the bowling is quite fun as well! The other games in there are pretty neat too! I found this game very entertaining overall. I would definitely recommend this to anyone! :)"
,Recommended,394690,35062176,Posted: 19 September,all,♛MohBlagd♛,"Amazing game!!Need a little bit more work, but for sure that it's going to be a ""Must play game"""
,Recommended,394690,25174662,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SUPERTURTLE472,"I just want to say, this game has a lot of potential. I know that a lot of people are saying that it sucks because there isn't much to do. THAT IS WHY IT IS IN EARLY ACCESS. The point right now is so that people who are playing it can help the developers find and fix bugs which right now, is with the 3 games and the plaza. People need to realize that this is the point of early access or it wouldn't exist. Think of it as being a game tester for the developers so that they don't have to spend nearly as much time testing the small components of the game. This way they can spend time on what we all want including myself, content. So if you are going to complain about the lack of content right now, then go play a completed game and wait until official release. Just don't complain afterwords."
,Recommended,394690,25573010,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Killjoy445,"Really love this game, I have been with the tower for a long time. I cherish every moment."
,Recommended,394690,25643260,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,PimpJuiceGoldenNuts,Casino update came out now its a amzing game BUY IT!UpdateAfrican Cheez's auto clicker is the bestUpdatePatchedUpdate♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,394690,25741690,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,iMekkiki,"Great games, Plz update more and more"
76561198252401968,Recommended,394690,25475051,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lokatse,"A very very fun game, and it's just the beginning."
,Recommended,394690,22310017,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Rygor,You can be a Milk Carton with a Fedora.10/10 would Roleplay as  Milk again .
,Recommended,394690,22312536,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,CGB Spender,"As a long time supporter of GMTower, I'm truly going to miss all the fun I had in the official GMTower server. After playing this game, I have to say.. I am truly impressed by how much the gaming physics has improved and as  well as the graphics. Yes, there are a few glitches and sometimes your game will crash, but I highly recommend this game, even in alpha. I personally love the new minigolf gamemode, the maps are gorgeous! Ballrace is kinda too hard, but I'm sure it will get easier the more you play it.Besides all that, 10/10!"
,Recommended,394690,22337578,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Prince ♕ Stellar,Already one of my favorite games on Steam. Its GMod Tower but with more potential. I've already created amazing memories and I only got it a day ago.
,Recommended,394690,25563728,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Teyroger,"happy for u , this game is top seller hahahaha"
,Recommended,394690,22349306,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Coasterfan312,"Fantastic reimagining of GMod Tower. If you liked the original, you'll love this.- Very nice graphics- Fun and addictive- Great with friends- Still missing quite a few things because of early access, but has plenty to do already (as of this review)"
97234611251266123,Recommended,394690,22322841,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,boomer,The successor to gmod tower with tons of potential. If you liked gmod tower then you will like this. The devs are quick with updates and new stuff will be added soon. 10/10 would watch youtube for 6 hours again
,Recommended,394690,22332143,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,kendRICK lamar,"Tower Unite released in a very early and broken state, even for an Early Access game. Maybe half of the features from GMod Tower are in the game day one, and the whole process is slow and unreliable.So why have I recommended the game?Frankly, I applaud the devs for getting the game this far. Tower Unite was being made with a shoestring budget of 73k, meant to support 8 people for however long the dev cycle lasted. In this time, they were meant to:-Move their game running on the Source Engine using repurposed assets into Unreal Engine 4 with entirely new assets-Remake and repolish several minigames-Implement extensive home and player customization-Have this all stably run on dedicated serversIt's a mammoth task, and I can totally appreciate releasing the game this early in development. The product itself, right now, is in a poor state, but the foundation's there, and purchasing at this stage in the game will only make its updates come sooner and be of better quality.Loved GMod Tower, am ready to love Tower Unite. Good luck, Pixeltail."
76561198041912928,Recommended,394690,22322229,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Idk,This Game is great with friend or without can't wait for the other features to come out. All the game modes are great so far for early access. Over all I think this game is worth the money and before you say it's♥♥♥♥♥♥cause nothing works the way it should it's cause it's early access.
,Recommended,394690,22399207,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Venterioz,Simulator of burning asses in Golf.11/10 Game of year.
,Not Recommended,394690,24574313,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Lone Destroyer,"This game is similar to how it was in Garry's Mod Tower (GMT) but it didn't get enough advertising in GMT and outside of it. The only way I knew GMT was turning into Tower Unite (TU) was because of a friend. I left a few months before the server went down and really they should have done the advertising in GMT as they owned the server so it would have been free. Because of this not many players play this game, the max I have seen in one server is 8.I suggest to most players to wait a few months or years until it's out of early access as there will be no bugs and there will be a huge community like GMT. Most of the time people enjoyed GMT because of the community so you will have to wait for it to come back. Also, GMT was free was it was a server inside of a game (Garry's Mod) which meant the play only had to pay £5 but now they have to pay £10 and if they were from GMT they would need to pay £15 (Including the price of Garry's Mod).Furthermore, the game is more intenisve on your pc which could result in a fps drop if your pc can't handle it but if your pc can they you will have higher fps than you would of had in GMT. The game as a lot of bugs as of now but the map is a lot bigger and the graphics are a lot better. I suggest you wait till the devs fix all the bugs and the community increases."
,Recommended,394690,22817131,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cuancena,"Tower Unite is a very worthwhile experience. Though the game may have a few optimization issues (at the moment), I believe that it is the best online/socially oriented game on Steam. It is missing some content as of now (as to be expected with an early access title), however, it still contains enough to be well-worth the $14.99 pricepoint. I can easily recommend this to anyone with any interest in this style of game.Update:After many updates, the game now has much more content to keep the user occupied. My recommendation is now even stronger. The optimization issues seem to have been patched, and the unbalanced currency system has received a slight overhaul, and is much better. With new and exciting features being added at a much more rapid rate, I would highly recommend Tower Unite.Another Update:I'd say this title is worthy of being called the best game with ""A Game Within A Game"" ;)"
,Recommended,394690,27603300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scarlette,"you can do whatever you want in this worldi bought this game like two week after its release.it still in early access. and it has a very active development.the dev keep updating and adding new features.basically this game gonna give youimvu-secondlife-simsvibes something like that.where you can have your own apartment including bathroom, bedrooms, huge porch, swimming pool, etc.and theres more furnitures you can bought at the plaza by using in-game currency which you can earn them by playing in-game games, or go to casino and playing the slots there (if you are lucky, but most people are lucky playing that thing).you can ride a ferris wheel, monorail, flying (have to bought jetpack for that) and ++++just give it a try."
,Recommended,394690,30699837,Posted: 24 March,all,91670cbo,this game is great
,Recommended,394690,22350067,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Xoana,"Matt young helped make this, i like him, i also like minigolf, i also enjoy making fun of 12 year olds with high voices on minigolf servers. This game has all of that. 10/10 wing wangs"
,Recommended,394690,23087847,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,UNSCgrunt226,"I was playing minigolf with randoms, we all got holes in one, aaaand its the 4th of ♥♥♥♥ing July.10/10"
,Recommended,394690,23473022,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ntt,I was a milk.I was a ugly zombie.I was a golf ball.I was a gambler.I made a meme.I decorated a house.I shot at targets.I rode a ferris wheel.I bought a chair.I was a dog.I was a cat.I was dead.I was alive.I played.I wrote this review.I looked at this review.I recommended this game.You just read this.ByeYou should buy it when it gives money for more then just game because it gets stale.
,Recommended,394690,23674925,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Outcast™,I sexually identify as a Milk Box and this game respects me for who I am.
,Not Recommended,394690,32768965,Posted: 25 June,all,TkA,"Tower Unite has a lot of potential.  Unfortunately it had yet to be realized  in June 2017.I used to play Playstation Home, so this game had to stand up to that.  The interface worked fairly well, and the game UI was usable and not too overwhelming.  I was impressed by the main plaza lobby, as it was very nice looking and detailed, with lots of places to go.  I also thought the transitioning from one loaded area to another loaded area was nice.  It looks like there will be a carnival with rides in the small sea-side city.  I really want to stress that this was a very pleasing layout, despite the ""coming soon"" signs and under-consctruction game rooms.  I enjoyed looking around, going into the places, jumping off the tower, and the jump pads.  I thought it was awesome that you could put any youtube video in the video queue for public screens and it would start playing when it was due. It all worked together very well, and shows great potential.  I also really liked the idea that the price is all inclusive, and there is no micro payments or anything, just playing games to get in-game money.  There were obviously some bugs and glitches, and the worst ones for me were freezes during alt-tab'ing out of the game while it was loading, but things seemed to work for the most part.  The game ran fine on my GTX960 at the highest graphics settings.At the time of this review there are some issues that prevent this game from being great, which I'll go into here.  Firstly, your character customization is limited to changing the colours of the 4 built-in models (no face shaping or picking hair styles, etc).  Condo customization is limited to placing furniture and setting the surface textures of the floors, ceilings and walls (no customized 'build your condo your way' mode).  You also begin the game with absolutely nothing, no inventory, and 0 ""Units"" (the in-game currency).  This means you have to grind through the few mini-games to earn the currency to purchase items.  The personal items can actually change the character appearance a bit, however the prices for some things, especially the houses, requires a time commitment to play and save for.  This wouldn't be bad at all if it was a vibrant community with a lot of variety of people/games/spaces, but the world is not very populated, and the content is still lacking, so it can be a bit dull and boring.  During the times i played there was a range of 125-300 people online in total, with only the most popular servers (2) having 30-50 people at one time.  This was a problem because the 4-5 main games require at least 2 people to start (No single player) so i couldn't try those.  The price is also a bit of an issue for two reasons; first it turns a social game into a walled garden, and second it's still expensive for what is currently being offered, so the take up will be low and only dedicated supporters will stay.  All of these reasons are why i can't recommend this game right now, and I think the game's success hinges on sorting out these issues to foster a growing community.I don't really want to give this a thumbs down, i wish i could give it a ""maybe"", because there is a potential for this to be a really great social game.  For the time being, I requested a refund because i can't commit to it based on what it is now.  However, I will put this game back on my wish list and keep an eye it as it grows, to see if the devs can sort out the issues and make it a game worth a purchase in the future.  In the meantime, however, a better option for a social game might be a free option calledSecond Life.5/10"
,Recommended,394690,22363390,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Djmeowzle,Great Game. dev's Are Working Their Asses off to help and definitly are pumping out updates. DON'T JUDGE A GAME BY IT'S BROKEN RELEASE!!!!!!
76561198064316457,Recommended,394690,29655502,Posted: 2 February,all,Chrisoo,Great game!
76561198065890187,Recommended,394690,23280765,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,rckivol,Glad I bought this. I was a huge fan of Garry's mod tower and this game is just amazing! A few bugs but it is early access so that is fine. I would recommend this game to my friends!
,Recommended,394690,32741305,Posted: 24 June,all,GT4tube😼,Typing Derby!  xD
,Recommended,394690,32979199,Posted: 29 June,all,Captain Deadpool,"Don't enter the Casino!If you do, don't play the Grand Quest Slot machine."
,Recommended,394690,22316074,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,JaysonTM,"Great game, BUTNo sensitivity changerThat's all"
,Recommended,394690,23077040,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,❤Lilith Katsuna❤,"I just want to say, you guys did an amazing job with the lobby and the games, keep building!"
,Recommended,394690,22363422,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Советский тост,"Good game, just waiting until this alpha is over so I could play this game a lot without lagging out. Besides that it's a great game, going into the server and expericing ear♥♥♥♥♥♥is the best."
,Recommended,394690,27085812,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Uncle Tezza,Honestly an amazing game that is still only in early access.Great team working on it.Great community.NO MICROTRANSACTIONS!!!!I'm really hooked on this
76561198138091769,Recommended,394690,28813462,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shockwave,great game but i have no friends
,Recommended,394690,28889837,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mogul,"""With this new money, I can buy myself a new wife."" - Some random guy I heard at the Casino.If your looking for a hangout game with your friends to create and play this is it. There is some bugs such as the Trivia Room being broken and Video Blackjack (getting stuck in chair and having to disconnect) not working for some and on top of crashes, but those are Early Access stuff that can easily be fixable in the future. Overall the community is friendly and I have been non stop playing since the day I bought it."
,Recommended,394690,30293936,Posted: 3 March,all,SlowDancer,"If I had to make it short: the best multiplayer Minigolf game on Steam.Other than that a perfect game to play with friends of all horizons, offering many different minigames.Some sort of Second Life made well."
,Recommended,394690,32923142,Posted: 28 June,all,Rednah,"i dont have much time in it but im a huge fan of games with mini games and custom settings, a highly suggested games for solo or with others, new content seems pretty often which is a huge plus to not get it stale!"
,Recommended,394690,22312067,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,nekofurball,"I like it, but it's hard to run.Now...I know my PC is very very low end..RAM: 4GB DDR3 (yes its getting upgraded soon)Graphics card (two cards): Nvidia GeForce 920M + Intel HD 4000 (ugh.)OS: don't even get me started on this oneCPU: 2x Intel Core i5(got on imac, realising it dont work.. i still have this pc ^)A lot of tweaking has to be done to get it to run properly.A lot.But anyway I love it"
,Recommended,394690,22324659,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lance Charge,"Let me stress this right off of the bat. This game is very buggey and its not well optimize if you dont wish to deal with this kind of content then thats fine come back when it gets better.Tower unite is the successor to Gmod tower which was well recived from youtube and steam players. The game offered fun minigames a basic palce to chill and condos to work on giveing us a over all goal of wave your♥♥♥♥♥♥around the best. Now in tower unite we have the same goals earn units, buy stuff and last but not least become the ebst♥♥♥♥♥♥waver in your condos.You can host Just your condos now so if you wunna chill and invite people over to hang out in your virtual pad you can go right ahead and the same goes for your friends.  Along with hosting your condo you can also host your on plaza which has stores and general entiertainment  for you to do in the basic form the game is in now, a lot of the extra content seems to be slated to relase in the summer time so if you want more come around later in the year.Now then you might want to  know what is the games like? Well Mini golf is simple you hit a ball along the coruse except thease arent jsut simple coruses they invole ridculous shots to cool long tracks.   Ball race is super monkey ball thats all I can say really. Virus is a first perosn shooter game where you and a group of friends trevel into a locaotin and few of you are infected so you and thest rest of your friends try to keep them back long enough. Then planet panic is like TF2 thats all I can guess since I crashed while playing it and got a overview of the map.Overall this game does need polish over all and is very rough, however do remember that this game is early access, now before you jump the gun and say ""OH THIS GAME IS NEVER GUNNA BE FINISH LIKE ALL THE OTHER EARLY ACCESS GAMES"" Well all I can really say is its the day after this grand release  and there is a update up for bug fixes.game is 7/10 looking past problems that will be fixed in post"
,Recommended,394690,22351088,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Flyzic,Never in my life i spend so much time making my dream condo.
,Recommended,394690,22411878,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,MysteryAlabaster,"I would absolutely reccomend this game, even considering it's early access status. The developers understand that there are game-breaking bugs, and have been working tirelessly to bring updates to the table every day since the launch of the game.Even on day one, when the servers were barely working, I found my purchase to be completely justifiable because I could see what the game would be eventually. Tower Unite is leaps and bounds better on it's worst days than gMod Tower was on it's best.8/10"
,Recommended,394690,22311808,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Master Honaker,"TL;DR VERSION INCOMING!!!----------------------------------If you like socializing and playing games with internet friends, then this is a great experience.Full Review Below-----------------It needs to be pointed out that this game is, at it's core, a standalone version of GMod Tower.  This means that if you tried GMT and appericated it, you will have a blast doing things you are familiar with in GMT.Towers Unite is a social game that is driven by your interactions between you and other players. Hang out with friends, explore the plaza hub, play various minigames, and decorate your own personal condo using coins from the minigames.The minigames are currently very basic but very engaging. There are only four currently, but many more are scheduled to be added soon. The minigames are the main way to acquire the currency(units).Units are the ingame currency of Tower Unite, don't worry though. There are no microtransaction that let you acquire massive amounts of units to flaunt around. Units are earned quite easily, and most items are reasonably priced so that they are acquireable by everyone who really wants them,The plaza itself is the main social hub of Tower Unite. There currently is a movie theater (which allows users to upload YT videos to display on a theater screen for other players to watch), a marketplace (allows the user to use their hard earned units to buy condo supplies), and a boardwalk area, which currently includes a ferris wheel and multiple vendors.Finally, you have the condos. Your condo is your personal hideout in Tower. You can customize it to your heart's contempt. You can design a contemporary home, to a beach party paradice. You will be spending most of your Units on the condo if you plan on sprucing it up.At the time of writing, the game has been out for about six hours, so if any of the following are added or fixed, I will update.EARLY ACCESS WARNING----------------------------Unfinished plaza featuresYou can walk all around the plaza for sightseeing, but a large amount of activites in the plaza are not yet implemented, such as the casino, the lazer tag arena, the arcade, and the bumper car arena.-Server IssuesI can't personally determine if this is true or not, but multiple admins have complained about servers crashing when users attempt to start a minigame.-OptimizationMid-Tier GPU Users have reported lower than average frame rates, despite their card being well over requirements. I had personally experienced these issues, but they dissapate after slight graphics changes.-Unadded game modes.This can be a make or break for some people. There are only four game modes currently. Ball Race (think monkey ball), Mini-Golf, Virus ( a zombie style infection game) and Planet Panic( a hovercar battle game).Other famous gamemodes from GMT such as Ultimate Chimera Hunt( now known as Little Crusaders) are currently in development.Overall, for it's first day out, I think its a blast meeting some of the people migrating from GMT. Most people and servers are welcoming and interactive. You do have the occasional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ers running around, but hey, thats the internet for you.9/10 for First Day out."
,Recommended,394690,22351665,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Night Druid,"Despite being in early acess, Tower Unite is without a doubt the penultimate version of GMod Tower.It's a little bit rough around the edges in some places, but for a beta it's remarkably stable and has enough content to keep you busy for months.  I am sure it will only get better from here on.I personally recommend the ""Virus"" gamemode if you love the ""Goldeneye / Timesplitters"" era of first person shooters.As a side note, I can't personally wait until the workshop is released!I've created over 20 add-ons for garry's mod and I can't wait to start creating player models, hats, T-shirts and condo items for players to enjoy.Score:9/10"
,Recommended,394690,22346372,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ᴅᴇᴀᴅʟʏ,"Great for any social mmo player, however, being in early access there is a bit of a grind due to content but there are alot of updates to come and 2 have already released in the past 2 days! So if you're not sure, wait and see what people think of the finished product.EDIT on 7/112017 : So if I understand correctly the game should've come out around 7 months ago... However, the game is despite sometimes only having a few players on the plaza, still active with the devs updating the game every week or so. Lots of things have come since the release like the casino, laser tag, little crusaders, and much more. I can see this game releasing in 1-2 years from now and I have to say I'm pretty hyped for the full game. Everything the devs put out is pretty well polished and I always have a great time."
76561198282108255,Recommended,394690,29137182,Posted: 9 January,all,Clorox Windex (Hearing YoGPoD),Pretty good game not gonna lie 10/10 all tho.players go to the casino to often and no one really plays the minigames.has some buggy issues for me when loading up the gamelags need to be lowed downbut after all this game i would recommend even tho the game might be laggy for some players. i still recommend this game even if it lags...the condo and the details are amazing and the buildings like the casino or the condo towers are amazing10/10
,Recommended,394690,33288306,Posted: 5 July,all,❤  Panda | パンダ ❤,"First of all, lets just get the 10/10 casino simulator meme out the way. Also, just a heads up that I've had an absolute staggering amount of hours playing GMod Tower before this game.GraphicsThe graphics in this game is extremely extraordinary and is so good for such a early access game. It's so good to see the ""meh"" graphics from GMod Tower (not hating) to the amazing and glossy graphics now.GameplayGameplay is great however can experience some lag and bugs here and there however, that's expected for an early access game. On that note, for an early access game it offers a lot of activities to do alone or with up to 16 friends. My personal favourite gamemode is Minigolf just due to the sheer fact that it doesn't end quickly at all, you can go from winning to losing in the matter of 1 hole and in all fairness, it's probably mostly my favourite because all my friends have an absolute baller time playing it!MusicNot much to say here other than the sounds in the gamemode are very well made and the music is very enjoyable to listen to.Overall I'd give this game a 9/10. This game is worth every penny and has come such a good way from GMod Tower."
,Recommended,394690,30574835,Posted: 17 March,all,xManifesto,"A fun party game to play with friends when you get tired and salty with other shooters, strategy games, etc. Try not to get stuck in the casino. :)"
,Recommended,394690,29814384,Posted: 9 February,all,BlueKiwi,I support it. They are putting out content and updates like crazy. You can honestly tell when developers are putting their heart and soul into a game. These guys are. Wish them luck and I can't wait for the finished version!
,Recommended,394690,33237905,Posted: 4 July,all,✨HyperNova✨,its fun but its pretty small community right now
76561198072457836,Recommended,394690,27295010,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WaffleBerger,Fun to play with all of da bois
,Recommended,394690,30548626,Posted: 16 March,all,Skrrrt,k
,Recommended,394690,25469897,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Takanu,"This game is like PlayStation Home, and if you remotely liked that then this is already a better game in it's unfinished form.  The condo and room customisation features are rough but flexible, and some of the minigames like Minigolf are really fun social games with friends and strangers.  In fact despite some teenagers i've met on the game, Tower Unite is one game where I'll happily leave voice chat unmuted, as this game has a good community.It doesn't come without issues though (yes it's Early Access, but yes people are paying money for this so yes you should be critical o ____ o), such as bizarre lag issues when playing cross-continent with other players on other minigames like Ball Game and Virus that are far more of a problem here than I have experienced on any other game, as well as that despite some of the effort that has clearly gone into the currently available minigames, the content and experience currently on offer still feels lacking.Generally speaking, the game lacks a specific focal point for users to socialise and make friends in, and although the Plaza should be that focal point the lack of activities that take place in it prevents people for sticking around for long.I hope and am very much confident that these will be fixed in time, but in the mean time i'd recommend it only for those that are already into social game experiences, as you'll already know how to have a good time with it.  For the rest, wait around 3-6 months for the rest of the content to be finished and improved and you'll probably have a blast."
,Recommended,394690,27386119,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Commando842,"Tower Unite is a fantastic game which came from a mod for Garry's Mod and now is a stand alone title. For an Early Access game it has a lot of mechanics and features that are done great. The freedom of expression when customizing your condo is endless. Customizing your character also boasts a fair array of choices. The community is full of a huge mixture of people which can be both positive and negative. The minigames are a blast with a few friends, and have new maps and additions regularly. The Plaza in the game serves as a hub to do many things and is a nice way to hangout with others. The devs (Pixeltail) are fantastic with communicating to the player base. There are tons of options to be involved in the game's creation. For example they have made it easy to give input, make suggestions, see development progress, and influence the future of the game. The newest additions of The Casino and Bowling have also boosted the amount of things to sink your time into. Overall the game has kept my attention for many hours and will continue to do so in the future. I recommend this game for those who like roleplaying, freedom of expression, gambling, trying to get rich, and living milk cartons. So much in this game is done right.My final score for this title is 9/10"
,Recommended,394690,30006027,Posted: 18 February,all,delusion,This casino game is a giant meme.. and I love it! 420/69
,Recommended,394690,25593105,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,JonRahhhhhhh,"I ended up refunding it, but I can't give this game a bad review because it won't be fair to give it a bad review. It's Early Access...This game has LOTS of potential and it's still in early access. If you played this on Gmod, you would know how fun Tower is and Tower Unite is an ambitious project made by a small team of people that will EVENTUALLY create a great game when it is in its later stages.The reason I refunded it is because it doesn't run very well for me (GTX 980) and on average I had less than 30fps. The other reasons are: Going places is clunky and places take a while to load up which drops performance a LOT, not many people play the minigames which are the best part of Tower in my opinion.. most people are in the Casino gambling so it's hard to set up a minigame. Lack of content is another thing, not saying there isn't a lot.. there is a lot.. but not as much as in Gmod Tower.ALL OF THESE CONS about the game should be taken with a grain of salt, it's Early Access.. what do you expect? A polished smooth running game with lots to do? or an early access game that is being worked on?---Overall, I will probably buy it again some day but when it is more close to completion and more close to the experience I had in Gmod. As of right now, it's clearly in Alpha and I can see it being a really fun game in a year or so.Keep an eye on it. It doesn't seem to be taking the DayZ route where the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ these devs seem to care about their game."
,Recommended,394690,29337377,Posted: 18 January,all,Blackbird,Worthy successor of GMod Tower.
,Recommended,394690,33142664,Posted: 2 July,all,Happy,"A fun social game filled with minigames like golf, Laser tag or trivia.You also have your own ""apartment"" to hang out with your friends that you can fully customize.This game also has... tons of more content that is just the best to explore on your own, but it is definitely worth it for it's price!"
,Recommended,394690,33112722,Posted: 1 July,all,Nightman,"A relaxing alternative to the competitive games that i've been playing recently, Tower Unite is a collection of games within a game with no real goal other than to spend the credits you earn on furniture pieces for your condo, interact with the players around you and explore their own creations as well as the hubworld itself. It's still a little rough around the edges but what currently is available is entertaining and easy to jump into. I'd suggest getting this game if you need a little downtime from playing high pressure competitive games and you don't want to stop playing video games as an alternative."
,Recommended,394690,33147334,Posted: 2 July,all,Instygan,"I saw a trailer for this and have wanted to buy it for ages, I didn't really understand the game at first but after I downloaded it I've had tonnes of fun. Really reminds me of Playstation Home and I can only hope that the game will gain in popularity as it's really good. Yes it's in Early access and there are many more features being worked on at the time I'm writing this but this could be made into something really good. From the condos to the casino and the minigames, this game is just really nice for relaxing and playing with friends.If you're reading this during the Summer sale I would definitely recommend that you purchase this game."
,Recommended,394690,25446288,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,CMDR Spanospy,"So much potential is within this game, and I feel that PixelTail Games will be able to fulfill their idea of a hub containing a variety of gamemodes for friends to play together in.In its current state, there is still a lot of things you can do, whether its racing against your friends in a Super Monkey Ball inspired course, playing golf in beautiful locations, fighting against a zombie hoard, or even decorating and hanging in your condo with friends.SOmuch more will be added to this game, including fishing (with boats and islands!), bumper cars, more gameworlds (kart racing, top-down L4D, FPS quake-like deathmatch etc) and custom arcade games. There will even be a casino with fruit machines and multiplayer poker on the 23rd.The game's development is not going to stop, and will continously improve the game, even if its doing so slowly.Personally, if you don't like how this game looks now, wait for a few or more months and see how it looks then.My review does a bad job at describing this game, so please check other reviews for clarification."
76561198311501510,Recommended,394690,24984778,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,harlow,"Wonderful party game, best to play with a large group of friends, but still fun to roam alone or meet new people to group up with. Addictive, fun, progress is coming along at a consistent rate--just an all around positive experience so far."
,Recommended,394690,33144706,Posted: 2 July,all,_KarmaVapor,"Go outside without going outside,Stare at a monitor on a monitor,10/10 Life without going outside"
,Recommended,394690,33157169,Posted: 2 July,all,Foster,"I recommend this game for many reasons.Its by no means groundbreaking or the next biggest hit... HOWEVER, it a perfect answer to when you and your friends encounter the ""what do we do now?"" question. I highly recommend this to those with a consistent group of friends. Playing this by your self can seem lonely and not worth your time... Unless you enjoy putting up with a gmod style of community which can be a huge potluck. To finish this im going to leave a list of Pros and Cons but I overall recommend this game mainly to groups of friends who enjoy having a laugh and keeping busy.Pros:Great mini gamesGood prizes, good incentive to actually play the mini games and play to win!Has a in-game casino to satisfy the gamblersOffers you the ability to have a condo or home to fully customaize and meet up/hang with friendsAllows you the ability to watch Youtube/Streams togetherHillarious and customizationITS ONLY EARLY ACCESS AND THEYRE MAKING THEIR PROGRESS CLEAR TO EVERYONE, this alone is a HUGE pro.Cons:It takes a long time to load into the Plaza (Main area)Very Minor, but annoying texture issues (As of when this is written)"
,Recommended,394690,34708443,Posted: 3 September,all,Retsu-kun,"Tower Unite is a nice game. Since it's still in Early Access, the game is kinda glitchy.The problem is that the community... Spends all of their time in the Casino.24 players in my server, 65% of them are in the casino, and not playing mini-games/laser tag/typing derby, etc.I wanted to play Little Crusaders with a friend, and i noticed that no one creates a server to play.My friend created a server to play with other people, we were 15 after. No server were open.Pros :- Multiplayer, everywhere, everytime.- Condos.- Mini Games that are really fun. (Ball Race is overrated.)- Unreal Engine. That's cool.- If you have a low-end computer, you can always use the lowest quality possible.Cons :- Is it just me but is the tv/computer bugged in the Condo ?- ...My friend just has a 5 minute loading time to go to the plaza.- The game is not optimized. At all. Welcome to Early Access, Folks !What i wish for :- optimization.- Less long loading screens.-  A ""mini""-game that's 20 minutes long. Like : Preparation phase, combat phase...Final note :13/20The game could be optimized, more minigames are on the way but they take time..At the time i'm writing this review, i have 2 hours of gameplay, which means i can still manage to get a refund.Would i get a refund?I don't know. Maybe i will, because if i see this gets no update at all or just bug fixes and they want to release everything in one update, i don't like it. : <But this game could be perfect AND friends would buy it... if the price would just... drop down. (not that much, of course) Because right now, this game is over priced because of the Early Access.-^ That's just my opinion, don't get triggerred by this ! ^-"
76561198115623070,Recommended,394690,22314366,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Agent2583,"I love this new game! Pixeltail Games, You did very well in creating a brand new game for us!Rip Gmod Tower"
,Recommended,394690,22314379,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,sporeboy100,"Review in progress of a early access gameVersion: 2.0(Any aspects that I add and/or alter will be marked with the version number of when it was added and altered)LOBBYNot much to say really, it looks like a pretty version of the now shutdown Lobby 2 of the creator's original version of Tower Unite, GMTower with some alterations to the design of the lobby. Haven't explored all of it as of yet.(2.0) The theatre, while it does serve it's purpose, it seriously lacks the skip button that has been present in the theatre on GMT for years, and even, apparently, lack of any admin controls (i.e, skip the video regardless of votes), thanks to these glaring ommisions, trolls can now get away with either posting decade long youtube videos, or porn, and no one, not even any admin, has the power to stop them. Also, whenever I try to play a minigame from the lobby, I never manage to connect, I always have to go through the main menu (I seriously hope that for atleast the Pixeltail servers, the minigame servers become dedicated servers using the old GMT servers.).MINIGAMESOnly played Virus, and it feels just like the version in GMTower, bizarre inconsistency with hitboxes and everything.(2.0) Ball Race is there pretty much, though a little slippery compared to GMT's version, which makes quite tougher, especially with the hardest courses, maybe have the Unit payout increase on the harder maps to reward the better Ball Race players. Also, I get the feeling that for Planet Panic, Dogs can take advantage of the wide area behind the Cats team zone, on top of that, it desperately needs team scramble, especially for matchups with one team getting all but like 2 orbs.CONDOArea when it is blank looks like a direct port of Tower 2's condo layout, good news is that all the extra rooms are unlocked right off the bat in this version, although I do not see a vault, nor the moving boxes. Haven't done much because I haven't gotten round to buying anything yet."
,Recommended,394690,22328591,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Chubby Mc Chub,"It may be in early access but it sure is one good game, Watch youtube with friends ingame buy cool items, hats and furniture. Best of all It is gmod tower except as thier own game! Definetly worthwhile!"
,Recommended,394690,25575505,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BobxRawks³,This game gave me gambling addiction. It's worth it.
76561198068439931,Recommended,394690,22321530,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ColeSan,"Honestly, such a great game. I loved gmod tower and this is even better. There are still many bugs, but as of typing this its the first day of release, and many things have already been fixed! I really hope this comes out on the rift sometime soon. Please support PixelTail and all the amazing work they've done!"
,Recommended,394690,22322487,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MattWeremander,"Tower Unite is a game where you play games with other people and get in-game currency (no microtransactions) to buy stuff to do stuff in the lobby. The main fun comes from doing stuff with other people, whether it be watching YouTube videos together in the theater, or playing minigolf, or partying in some guy's condo.At the time I'm writing this review (day after release), servers are acting weirdly. I usually get about 100ms on a good server, and so does everyone else (100ms isn't a bad thing, it's just that I can go onto games like JC2MP with much more stuff going on and get much less latency). Problems usually have to do with UI (settings not saving, servers not showing). An update was released shortly after people reported problems, which makes me think that this game will have its issues solved sooner than later.UPDATE: Looks like a lot of the problems got fixed. Servers are working fine, game runs better.tl;dr Tower Unite is a very funEARLY ACCESSgame."
,Recommended,394690,22327288,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,_askmeu_,This game has lived up to the hype so far its awesome and the devs are so helpful
,Recommended,394690,22327443,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,gayflannelshirtguy69,"This game is good. Community is good, The only con in my opinion is that you cannot overflow on dank memes in the theater ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,394690,25866494,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Schnidel,"I was thinking about making a honest review here, but then I thought to myself: why?That's it.Anyways. So there is not much content yet in the game, and honestly, but for some odd reason, I am still playing this game.I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue why the hell I still play it. All I do is pretty much grind money, go to the casino, lose all my money, and then grind it again. Don't ask, I seriously have no idea what hell is wrong with me.I might give it a more serious and in-depth review once there are a bunch of more of the ""coming soon"" features.I really want that bumper cars mini-game tho. Could you... could you please scrap everything you're doing right now and work all day and night on the bumper cars so I can have it tomorrow? I want bumper cars.I really want them.5/10 cuz the bumper cars aren't here yet."
76561197995961950,Recommended,394690,28971530,Posted: 3 January,all,Espiderus,"Amazing graphics and much better than gmod tower. With new updates frequently adding new maps, games and shops. I recommend this game to anyone who has the money to buy it."
,Recommended,394690,25627229,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Jaxon1049,"My Tower Unite Review:If you didn't know, this game is the sucessor to GMod Tower, which was one of the biggest mods for Gmod.Tower Unite has definatly improved since its release date. I love this game so much, it is one of my most favourite games. I'm now going to show you all the stuff you can do in Tower.Gameworlds: The Gameworlds are amazing. I'll show you all the gameworlds now.Minigolf: Kind of like Golf with Your Friends, but with hat customization.Ball Race: If you have played Super Monkey Ball, you should know this gamemode. If you havent, heres a short explanation. You're in a ball and you're trying to get first place and collect as many melons as possible.Virus: Like Call of Duty Zombies, but scarier. Short explanation: You're with your friends, but one of you're friends got infected. Try to stay away from the infected and live as long as possible.Ok, thats it for the gameworlds. Now onto the Lobby.Lobby: The lobby is the main meeting place in Tower Unite. You can meet up with you're friends and meet new friends. Lets list some of the stuff. WARNING! The Lobby is not done yet. So if you see anything with a COMING SOON sign, Just remember that this game is in Early Access.Ok, ok. Enough about the warning, lets look at the stuff you can do in the lobby.Trivia: The Trivia is a gamemode (not a gameworld) where you have to answer some questions and you get Units for it.Casino: You should know what a casino is. Lets not talk about it.Theatre: Now when you think of this, you think of going in there to watch movies. But you are wrong. You can watch videos in the theatre. (via, YouTube).Ok, Last but not least, You're Condo!Condo: Your condo is you're own personal space that you can customize with stuff you bought from the lobby. There's not much to do in the condo, so here's one thing you can do.PARTY!: Invite you're friends, get together and PARTY AWAY!!Ok, thats all you can do in Tower Unite.Ok, ok, What do i give this game?10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,394690,25718928,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,traz,Fun game to play with friends.Addicting.Just overall awesome.
,Recommended,394690,25734517,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,stester198,"I like this game.I open this game up and go to one of the servers.I fool around, look at the items I can buy and I start heading to the casino.Plays BlackJack and it seems I won nothing so I leave.I go to the game section and I play MINIII GOOOOOOOOOLF!!!!!!!!You can see a ton of different people there.I saw people only playing at max power shots,Trickshoter,People with Tips,People that is so MLG that you quit the game,and theres a lot more.This game is the chillest game I've ever played before, I don't have much hours on it cuz of the darn updates im just waiting.I'm truly happy that I stumbled upon this game, it's just those games where you are waiting at night to fall asleep, to wake up and start playing that game."
,Recommended,394690,28435239,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,YellowAmnesia,"I bought this game because of a youtuber and a friend I liked, now I am addicted to it, send help."
76561198229659020,Recommended,394690,28877717,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Marbychu,"It's a really fun game, even in its incomplete state. Ball Race is especially fun. And you get to gamble, 10/10 game right there. Can't wait until this game is complete, it'll offer even more fun then."
,Recommended,394690,29217491,Posted: 12 January,all,replace it with a rolex,•Fun with Friends ✔️•Virtual Gambling ✔️•Jetpacks✔️•Being able to watch a YouTube video with friends in a virtual theatre✔️•Being able to designs your own house and make your own setup✔️•Pet watermelons✔️•Wearable pool floaties✔️What does this game not have?
76561198043482239,Recommended,394690,28526438,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tacomaster,"This game is absolutely wonderful!You can meet many new and interesting people in this game.People such as the likes of:nice peoplebad boystiny skeleton mandank memesmilk cartonHang out with your friends, or make some new ones!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Play a wide variety of minigames with many more to come!Little Crusaders - group of small knights harass a dragonBall Race - like super monkey ball, but without the whole tilting mechanicVirus - don't let the green men touch youPlanet Panic - capture the flag with racist cats and dogsMinigolf - it's minigolfBowling - it's bowling----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Use those units (in-game currency) you earned from those games to do things like:buy some furniture for your condobuy some neat accessoriesbuy new condosgamble all your money awayand much more!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You can even have your own customizable home (condo),and invite friends or stangers to hang out, watch videos, and do other miscellaneous activities.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------9/10 if you don't hate humanityalso, yes, the human playermodels are ugly, but they're just placeholders, so don't worry about it."
,Recommended,394690,28815416,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,i think his mate saw me,This is a TeamFlowershopBoys attack!
,Recommended,394690,22310613,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,AGC Omega,AMAZING~!
,Recommended,394690,31913149,Posted: 22 May,all,Rest In Peaches,"It's a really good game, although the title can be kind of misleading. Instead of Tower Unite, the title should have been ""Mini Golf & co."" But other than that, very solid game.(Just kidding, the rest of the game is also really enjoyable, more so with friends.)"
,Recommended,394690,24185995,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TruMayhem,One hell of a good game.
76561198302509788,Recommended,394690,24764723,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Zimri,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played and what makes it the best is the fact that there is no micro-transactions and that the developers use all their time making updates. Now, a lot of people have been giving this game a low review because it is in Early Access but you bought it in an early phase, what did you expect? A complete game?Anyhow at this state the game is pretty nice and when everything is finished I just know this game will be even way more awesome."
,Recommended,394690,34385779,Posted: 20 August,all,vuhii,"really nice game, fun to play with friends and withouti hope the devs don't ♥♥♥♥ it over"
76561198092368776,Recommended,394690,26890301,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Logan,This game is number 1
,Recommended,394690,28698265,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Leviathin,This game is awesome. I bought it for Minigolf as the main draw but have been completely sucked in by everyting else including the casino and decorating my condo. It's early access but the dev is very clear on what is and isn't complete and has a roadmap to let you know what to expect and when.
76561198129028971,Recommended,394690,22341073,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,EddyTheMeanOldYeti,"A lot like the Gmod Tower, except better. Although it is not even close to being finished, It looks promising, and will be updated often. Let's hope that this doesn't crash and burn."
,Recommended,394690,22343223,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,yourboibilly,I have spent over 200 hours on GM Tower and I would say every second was worth it. Even though this game is still in Alpha it still has a lot of room to do cool stuff lol.
,Recommended,394690,28996130,Posted: 3 January,all,Cybernoid ☂,*Plays Tower Unite*Admin says its movie night.You think thats cool so you hop in his condo!Alot of people...He puts on Shrek 2.EVERYONE leaves.You and Admin watch Shrek 2.10/10 would chill and watch movies again.
,Recommended,394690,28993015,Posted: 3 January,all,RETRONICAL,One word. Casino
,Recommended,394690,29870997,Posted: 12 February,all,AEGIS,"I was a regular on GMT back in the day, and this is even better!"
,Recommended,394690,29940852,Posted: 15 February,all,Sherlock,got told to kill myself in a game of minigolf 6/9
,Recommended,394690,26622257,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Bitflip - 19 and preggers,you can earn units (money) through gambling your life away in the casino or playing golf/other funtastic minigames and pimp out your condo with your hard-earned units. there's also bodypillows. ten stars.
,Recommended,394690,34284063,Posted: 16 August,all,Etmer,umbra keeps cyberbullying me
,Recommended,394690,29900254,Posted: 13 February,all,Wolfgang Dave ⋭,Any updates? Someone notify me if there are. Hehe
,Recommended,394690,23618933,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,n a t s u,Yea this game is pretty fun its kinda like ps home on ps3 so i recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,394690,30482877,Posted: 12 March,all,KorenWasTaken,"Bored?Buy this!Do you like minigolf?Buy this!Do you want to experience a need to spin a wheel to get hula dolls?Buy this game right now,11/10 experience -me"
76561198095693326,Recommended,394690,22312713,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Youtube|BBedits,I was a huge fan of Gmod Tower. So I had high expectations for this game. This review was made the first day the game came out. So obviously there are some bugs but for 15 dollars this game is definately worth it. I can't even begin to explain what you do because there is just so much to do. Get the game. You won't regret it. That means you too Don...
,Recommended,394690,22432261,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,お尻をカバーしたバナナ,"This game is aware of gender equalityYou can be male, female or milk cartonMY GENITALS DO NOT DEFINE MY GENDERNah srs, its a fun game, u should buy it."
,Recommended,394690,22547883,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jelman,"Good fun, GMOD tower devs know what they're doing and i hope the best for future content"
,Recommended,394690,30097958,Posted: 22 February,all,Zzon,Best game!! Was talking to Summit1g
,Recommended,394690,32793637,Posted: 25 June,all,SpirosRonto,Loved ps home. Love this! Needs more players tho.
,Recommended,394690,22349588,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Thot Grips,"It's early access. What the hell do these people expect (read negative reviews)? It's not a AAA Title, it's a team of people working on a game that came straight from a very successful mod (in Garry's Mod). Just wait, it will definitley get better."
,Recommended,394690,22353055,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Black Dynamite,DO IT YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥S! THE TOWER UNITE TRAIN HAS NO BRAKES AND IS HEADED STRAIGHT TO YOUR ***HOLE!
,Recommended,394690,26366473,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SparkStorm,"so far, a very good sequel to a very good gmod mod."
,Recommended,394690,30051522,Posted: 19 February,all,Rigey,FOR THE GLORY OF LE GAS MASK ARMY!!!!
76561198046760298,Not Recommended,394690,32824856,Posted: 26 June,all,Milk,"Not worth the money. I find it sad that they just got rid of Gmod Tower completely just to make you pay way too much. I understand that it is early access, but it has been over a year. It was just not what I was expecting at all. If more content is added and the price goes down, I will think about buying it again. But until then, it's pretty dead."
,Recommended,394690,26364014,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Jube,My mummy said I couldn't buy a body pillow so I brought this game and made my dreams come true.
,Recommended,394690,23010894,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Herr,"Minigolf, no joke, makes me want to kill myself."
,Recommended,394690,23563786,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Weffals_,you can become a milk box10/10
,Recommended,394690,22361649,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,҉   Spideric,It is a game that spawned from a mod for a mod that spawned a game mind blown 10/10
,Recommended,394690,24664152,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,maRcos,"5893qv7t4wny9586tyqb345i87thmv45qwo8thm4w598omgv7yh4q5w09tyg4wh58v7ytjev5y8o4m5q8q + 54869v7tuym4nw05y8bto7hu45o8retuvjn84oq5et h7ybi45qh btno8a45me7h08y9vm4wj758tgoj4q5ytj45pyvm j45o bny45o,vymjn4509,y,n4q50yjn,74q5v0yvn,q54o,yvnu5eaioyndrogndrlkgndsrlkjgjndrltn5498743564305603975230572-477342573455775=v9834ntyh983q7hnvt9h85tve580,9tyhgq4985ckht98e5hm,v89yt hane"
,Recommended,394690,27062642,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Centy,you can be a milk carton
,Recommended,394690,30180963,Posted: 25 February,all,mr meatball,long loading timesworth every second
,Recommended,394690,22960821,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The Lion,"This game has so much potential and the devs seem to be very aware of their consumers' wants and needs. If you have the money and friends to play right now , i totally recommend getting it. Great game 10/10 would game again."
76561198205581412,Recommended,394690,23947622,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thebailinator,"This game has a lot of potential and the community is great. So far, updates are made often and the graphics in the game are just amazing. Admins are very helpful and open to feedback. I can't wait for it to be finished."
,Recommended,394690,22707332,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sir.MackintoshVI,"The game, even though it`s in early access, lives up to GMT. Great game with a great community."
,Recommended,394690,25789032,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Zekkie,"I love this game, But the lag.. The lag destroys the gameplay, It may just be my computer."
76561198064994337,Recommended,394690,22599108,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Nomad,"This game so far is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, while rough around the edges and minor crashing issues the game runs well enough on a non potato hardware, the mini games so far are ♥♥♥♥ing fun with more coming soon, the customization so far is decent enough to want to earn credits to buy, and more are coming soon. I have to give this game a massive thumbs up because on how much fun I am having.Major plus is that the community for the mass majority of it is outstanding!"
,Recommended,394690,28833467,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,rivulet,"Great game, needs more players"
76561198092369007,Recommended,394690,22725867,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Chlorophyll,Been playing this since the gmod version. Lots of fun and is awesome! 10/10 IGN.
,Recommended,394690,22310912,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Melonplex,I can look past the 10 FPS for the gameplay.
,Recommended,394690,29634992,Posted: 1 February,all,Icy Knight,"This is a very fun game to kill time, there are multiple activities to do and they all feel like their own game, I rate this game a 9/10 it is completely worth it's pricing I have not found any cons about this game and I personally think it feels really smooth, very easy to earn in-game points, and the best part, NO IN-GAME PURCHASES! Money is really easy to earn in the game and you can buy things such as clothing, accesories for your house or condo stupid little knick knacks or you can go blow it all in the casino, this game is definately worth a buy! 👍"
,Recommended,394690,30581315,Posted: 17 March,all,C4rrot ツ,"I have never been happier to see an old game return in my life. The best part? it's like you took with old old game, smoked it, then injected 1 metric asston of memes, hentai and new♥♥♥♥♥♥into that old game.9/10: Fantastic game! fun stuff to do and nice people to hang out with. However, I did notice a lack of things to do. DOnt get me wrong, it is fun to kill a dragon, then go to a casino just to waste it and THEN go racing in a ball. But, I find myself getting bored and the 2 hour mark. Also, WE. NEED. A TRADING SYSTEEEEEM"
,Recommended,394690,27184821,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dogu Wolf,Needed to review for badge :>
,Recommended,394690,28705266,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hot dog nibba,hey roman lets go bowling
76561198187902322,Recommended,394690,28722991,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Clutchballz,Fun game and no microtransactions!
,Recommended,394690,26157483,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Magius1337,"Pretty interesting, be interested in seeing where this game goes"
76561198247517960,Recommended,394690,30613945,Posted: 19 March,all,Perfect,"This game is great and awesome,  you can do whatever you want,  and the game always had an update for it, great content and always keep it fresh,  never be a dead game like dead realm"
76561197984961434,Recommended,394690,29383240,Posted: 20 January,all,Cobalt Lightning,"So it's been about a year since this game launched and I did my review for it.And back then I ragged on the game for having a crappy launch and pretty much broken and uplayable.In the years since, those problems have been (mostly) fixed.In the lobby itself I get massive freezing spikes every so often, likely because bits of things are loading up for the first time.Speaking of loading, the load times are still 'holy crap' levels of long. One time I actually microwaved a couple slices of left over pizza and ate one of them before I was able to actually move.The main focus of Tower Unite (much like it's ancestor, Gmod Tower) are in the minigames. Luckily, for the most part, the minigames are actually pretty well done.You're still gonna bounce that golf ball out-of-bounds or end up dropping your hamster ball into that endless void because ♥♥♥♥ you, but that tends to be a rarity.In the state it's in now, even if not quite there yet, I would recomend picking up this game.'s just a shame the launch was so♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198050654158,Recommended,394690,30726119,Posted: 25 March,all,Biker,The MiniGolf gamemode is actually better than Golf With Your Friends
,Recommended,394690,22768880,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Jarhead,"Amazing game, Totaly worth the money, needs alot of work done to get out of early acces though. Im recomending to all of my friends."
76561198101669524,Recommended,394690,22313058,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Pika,rip copy righted playermodels
76561198167822466,Recommended,394690,22519144,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,MelonMan,The Game Is Fun Tottaly Worth The Money : )
,Recommended,394690,30858827,Posted: 31 March,all,rusty CS.MONEY,This game was sugested from my good pal and it is a well put together Multi-Player Minigame.Also The single player aspect lets say you just want to play by yourself in a game of golf for some some you are not forced to online intercation you can have a private game for yourself or your friends.i}||||}|\[][[p\||
,Recommended,394690,24254048,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,claptrap,"its a pretty fun game , i will be looking far into the future of this game and the features that are coming out."
76561198140201680,Recommended,394690,24398737,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BiggumsJr,Please get this game it is really fun and its just dope to hang out and chill in this game
,Recommended,394690,22579539,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,1-800-Pepsi,"There is not much here yet, but what is here is soild, and is very enjoyable. I remember playing GMod Tower alot and falling in love with it, and I feel like it's gonna be the same with Tower Unite."
,Recommended,394690,30735854,Posted: 25 March,all,PhoenixKnight,Great game just as long as you avoid the casino. Otherwise you become addicted very quickly.
,Recommended,394690,23743147,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bbatmanSO5,"This is a good game, only thing is my laptop is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I'm not much of a fan of the quality control. I can either wait 24 hours to load into a beautiful game and crash, or I can wait 6.4 hours to load into a 3-bit Tower Unite than crash after 1 hour. But it's still a good game, even when it was on the source engine."
,Recommended,394690,23104532,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jkiller77,"This is a lot like PS home if you were into that you'll like Tower unite. Game is really cool worth the 15 bucks! Go around chat with friends you have a personal space you can customise the space oh, and unlike home you don't have to pay real money you earn in game money from the games with minni golf, a fun FPS called Virus, both of those game are addicting plus two others, and more to be added later.2 things that bring it down the bugs which are not bad, but can be anoying at times which can freeze you up, and  wish there was more customaztion with your avatar. otherwise 15 bucks makes it worth buying.When this game is fully done I think it will be way better than PS home, and a lot less money out your pocket as Home was a money vacum if you wanted the cool stuff."
,Recommended,394690,23294610,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,bloo...,BUY THIS GAMEI absoluetly LOVE this game its amazing how good it is even though it is in alpha. of course there are some bugs but they will most likely get fixed. definately worth the money. really enjoyable and great to play with friends or on your own.me and my friends bought this game and we all love it.
,Recommended,394690,23316324,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ToxLayzer,Its really fun! reminds me alot of the old playstation Home. Except 0 micro transactions. The only downside is the only games being played are pretty much just minigolf (Insanly fun) and the ball game. We need a bigger community to make this game really shine!
76561198202278576,Recommended,394690,29636414,Posted: 1 February,all,gugle crumb,"i love this game, it has a surprising amount of content for an early access game, I HIGHLY RECCOMEND"
76561198007830513,Recommended,394690,29954177,Posted: 15 February,all,Dathosaur,I am now a gambling addict 10/10
76561198062483455,Recommended,394690,29112812,Posted: 8 January,all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"Freezes more than stated and will likely need an alt-f4 or alt-enter until they better optimize it and stuff, but it's pretty nice and fun to just kick back and play some classics."
,Recommended,394690,30038207,Posted: 19 February,all,Skylighter,"This is one of the most fun games I've played. I've clocked 12 hours in the past 3/4 days and it's super funny watching my friends rage over and over at things like glitching bowling pins or Ball Race physics. Overall, this is around a 9/10 for me, cause for an idea, it's pretty good, but not being able to always have the ability to hole-in-one in minigolf is the only downside to this. Other than that, I recommend it for all :D"
,Recommended,394690,29061421,Posted: 6 January,all,Duroode,"Good way to Gamble your life away without spending real money, this game has broke me inside and made me Addicted to slot machines.10/10"
,Recommended,394690,26918755,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,f9c616a3 | Vaidas,Can't wait for this to replace gmod eventually :o
,Recommended,394690,30186259,Posted: 25 February,all,Gliscorguy25,is fun
,Recommended,394690,30203048,Posted: 26 February,all,Breadstick,"Great game; if you enjoyed gmod tower (when it was still a thing) you'd love this. it's basically gmod tower reincarnated, with many extra features"
,Recommended,394690,28914214,Posted: 1 January,all,lordofthebombs,"It's really fun, especially with a few friends around. I'm very excited to see what this game holds in the future. There's a lot of potential in this game."
,Recommended,394690,27701292,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JaffaCakes118,"This Game is Amazing for a early access game, there are so many things to do! examples:casino:The casino is a amazing place to earn more credits and have fun with your friends and try winning jackpots.Games:There Are lots of games coming to Tower unite. my favorite game at the moment is ball race and minigolf!Fishing:i saw in a shop that you can buy fishing rods but i'm not quite sure if its out yet but when it is its gonna be better than ever.Suites:suites are amazing, you can customize them how you want and show them of to all your friends and there are so many things you can put in them!I'm not gonna go through all the things but there are lots more, like the new bowling update, its amazing!I would highly recommend this game to anyone! theres so many things to do, and its only early access! think of all the things we can do when the full game comes out!"
,Recommended,394690,24764207,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Vampyrium,"I think we're at the point now that I can actually recommend this game to other people. The Casino Update brought in some really important features that were missing from GMod Tower, and added some new lobby games on top of those. While there's still work to be done, I think there's enough stuff in now to recommend this game.Original reviewThis is not a final judgment, but a recommendation based on the current state of things.If I were talking to a friend about this game, and said friend didn't get really involved in GMod Tower when that was still a thing, I couldn't bring myself to actually recommend buying this game yet. Updates have been slow as of late, and said updates haven't been content updates, which would leave the game feeling kinda flat for those without an understanding of how development works and how personal life can interfere with that. There's also an issue with the current community, or rather, lack of one. Few people hang around the plaza right now, though that will probably change once the Casino update hits.That's not to say I haven't had fun with this game, but in its current state, I wouldn't tell a friend to rush out and buy it.This is very subject to change, and this review will likely be changed down the road.[/i][/td][/tr][/table]"
,Recommended,394690,30132663,Posted: 23 February,all,LJMLogan™,You may need this after a few hours.http://gam-anon.org/
,Recommended,394690,23462100,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mantis,"Social MMO's and anything related to them are honestly a dying breed. When most people think social they think of bland pixel games and stuff of that nature. Tower Unite honestly is a continuation of how social mmo's(Such as Second Life, Kaneva, Blue Mars ETC.) were and continue to be with its own unique spin and setup that keeps me constantly playing it. Even though it's in Alpha I've already grown a major addiction to this game and for me that's hard to come by with games of this nature.Brings back memories of Middleschool/High School around the mid 2000's just sitting on Second Life derping around.The own your own space concept the run with also is a huge winner as not alot of social games exercise free space as a thing you can have no strings attached. I'll say it once more, I've played countless Social Mmo's and this one is of quality and will continue to be. Wish I would have backed it on Indiegogo as well."
76561198023993762,Recommended,394690,22561002,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,BaronVonSlapNuts,"Verbally abused a minigolf course and got paid for it.10/10 Would ""OH WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU SERIOUS?!"" again."
76561198018611411,Recommended,394690,22401877,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Payne <3,Just buy the game.
,Recommended,394690,22311350,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Taser,"my main laptop can not run this game. But I went down to a local gaming hub that had high end pcs i was able to play the gameand heck it was super fun i can see a distant time when people stop complaining and im waiting for that day to come its very ""playable"" and fun but at its current state its a rough start"
,Recommended,394690,22356676,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MaskedCypher,Great game considering its early access.
,Recommended,394690,22362333,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,pol,"Good game so far, had some bugs with the release but that's to be expected and the Dev's have been working really hard on fixing them.Developers interact with the community, read what you have to say and such. They even have a Discord they actively respond in.Minigolf is my life, nothing but Minigolf. Life is golf. Golf is money.I watch youtube videos on my projector in my Condo when I get too lazy to golf and just munch on chips.I could just do that normally... But it's TU, more fun."
,Recommended,394690,22362580,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,QUINN,"Already fun and can only get better, highly recommended."
,Recommended,394690,22364014,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dinkleberg,"If you are an avid supporter of Gmod Tower, You should get Tower Unite. If you already donated for GMT, you have exclusive items coming your way in a month or two while they work on the transfers. For those who haven't played Gmod Tower, or not know anything about it, you might consider waiting a while for the Devs to iron out some of the bugs and other connectivity issues.But heres a condensed list of features currently for Tower Unite.4 Minigames available: Minigolf (As the name implies.)Ball Race (A version of Super Monkey Ball, roll yourself to the goal)Planet Panic (New to Tower Unite, It's some kind of, capture the flag with a bunch of balls and floating saucers. Never really played it much)Virus (A glorified version of tag with contagious diseases and guns.)Tower Plaza: The hub of Tower Unite. It has tons of shops to spend your Units at, and people to hang with. You can access Condos, Casino, Arcade, Gameports, and other places from here.Condos: Your personal home. Buy decorations from stores to decorate and personalize, and as features get added, you can host parties in your condo.Just about everything i said is listed above in the About This Game section. The Devs are working hard to clear up bugs while trying to work on new content. The main issue currently is connectivity on the Plaza and minigame servers, which they are working on constantly, and has gotten better since Early Access Release. To some it might not be worth the $15, but to me it is. Hope to see you there!"
,Recommended,394690,29306778,Posted: 16 January,all,smoovyy,double bogey
,Recommended,394690,22475140,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,oleg02032005@yandex.ru,"This game is great,so great my throat hurts from laughing to hard when playing with friends.10/10"
,Recommended,394690,30318773,Posted: 4 March,all,Jackyminer,"Tower Unite is a worthy successor to GMod Tower, I love the concept and the execution is amazing.It is definitely worth $15 and is a great casual game for playing with friends."
,Recommended,394690,29272245,Posted: 15 January,all,32FPS,Checking for new Updates dailyMy favorite game so far
,Recommended,394690,33304545,Posted: 6 July,all,RxYu,I've got a gambling addiction thanks to this game would recommend
,Recommended,394690,33275815,Posted: 5 July,all,dgm192,this game is so cool you can get money and to get a jetbak and you can play with friends on the same server and have fun with other new people from the world and it is cool
76561198140927848,Recommended,394690,33278011,Posted: 5 July,all,Glossy Gamer,"Its a cool and fun game, can't wait for updates in the future!"
,Recommended,394690,31383004,Posted: 26 April,all,Eveeb,Would really recommend this game really fun to play and its endless it just you need a pretty good pc and im a pretty good pc gamer myself and love this game since i bought it i played 3 hours later i played 7 4 days later 20 hours!!! i really like it im really want more furnature and games and i know theres going to be new mini games really like it 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000/1   best game
,Recommended,394690,22313142,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,casadis,If you loved GMOD Tower you'll love this!
,Recommended,394690,29396996,Posted: 21 January,all,Whole Wheat Bread,I hear the slot machines when I sleep11/10
,Recommended,394690,30712008,Posted: 24 March,all,CraftingVegeto,I'd rather live in tower unite than real life xd
76561198142003189,Recommended,394690,33493776,Posted: 12 July,all,Literal God,Step 1: Buy a condoStep 2: Buy canvasStep 3: Import Pictures of Jacob SatroriusStep 4: Place them all over your wallsStep 5: Make Condo publicStep 6: Get bullied10/10 would get bullied again
,Recommended,394690,30512714,Posted: 14 March,all,Gods Little Angle,I lost all my friends to minigolf
,Recommended,394690,27403643,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hitler,"Tower Unite is not virtual reality, like Second Life, it is a BEST reality. 100% best game ever✓☀epick games☀"
76561198067750036,Recommended,394690,29838376,Posted: 10 February,all,Fallbreaker,"Live in a casino. Play Blackjack for money, Wheel of Money for fun."
,Recommended,394690,30122190,Posted: 23 February,all,Fly Science Guy,"- Logged in; Get paid for having played Gmod Tower- Buy all things cat- Play Mini-games; Get paid crap tons for playing one mini-game- Spend money at casino; fight dragon; do nothing but fall on face in-front of dragon- Win at casino; Get paid boogoo-bucks- Spend all 40,000+ monies trying to win bubble gun- K to kill x 20- Fund house solely through bowlingAll joking aside, this game was way more than I expected it to be. I had a lot of fun on Gmod tower and was extremely excited to see them making a stand-alone variant. I had bought this for my friend as-well, and though he doesn't have the best computer, and though the game is known to freeze when starting up a lobby (his computer amplified that wait time); he stated that the 3-5 minute freeze time didn't matter when the game is this enjoyable.My wait time is only about ~ <1 minute, but I agree with him. In my opinion, this game is worth way more than $15.00. So the fact that it is this price, and the developers are strongly against micro-transactions with /everything/ you do in the game netting you money, compels me to strongly suggest this game to anyone I talk to. It's a very laid back, chill kind-of game that is perfect for anyone who loves a virtual world-esque experience.11/10: Would suicide into ocean again."
,Recommended,394690,29992792,Posted: 17 February,all,CatsReverything,"It's good, i'm just not gonna play until it's GMtower again"
,Recommended,394690,22361936,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,LittlemanFTW,"Its really fun, can't wait until its out of Early Acess. I love the visuals and the gameplay. Great for when you need something to do or just like a game with many different gamemodes in it."
,Recommended,394690,23739859,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Agreiver,"The new innovative experience! Tower Unite!In the words of the developers, Tower Unite is a community-based virtual world party game with online games, entertainment, activities, and no microtransactions. To me, Tower Unite is a virtual haven for all gamers who want to relax and find a game that you can keep coming back to. It doesn't really matter what you're into, this game is for almost all audiences. There are various gamemodes such as the infamous ""Minigolf"", as well as the feature to create your own condo and chill out in the (extremely well made) plaza. With advanced and detailed customisation for early-access, past-times and other fun in-game items to collect, this game will get you lost in its virtual world. When there are no microtransactions, it just tops it all off. For the game's early access, there is so much stuff to do, and according to the developers at PixelTail Games, they're less than halfway done!So hop into the world of Tower Unite and ""PLAY, CREATE, PARTY!"""
,Recommended,394690,29041105,Posted: 5 January,all,Timur,House decorating and casino simulator
,Recommended,394690,22726592,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ItzIsre (追加しました),Epic game soooo fun get it its soooooooo x 20 good
,Recommended,394690,22373394,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Slushy,This is one of my favorite games right now x3
,Recommended,394690,23264520,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TheDedBox,"Friend 1: ""JOIN THE LEGENDARY [Friend 1] IN PLAYING MINIGOLF DURING HIS 40 WIN STREAK.""Me: ""Shut up I beat you 10 times in the past three days.""Friend 1: ""DON'T LISTEN TO DEDBOX JUST JOIN.""Me and Friend 2: ""FRAUD!""Friend 1: ""DON'T LISTEN TO THEM JOIN ME PLEASE!""10/10 Would expose fraud with friends again."
,Recommended,394690,25139730,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bacon,Must get jackpot.Must get jackpot.Must get jackpot.Must get jackpot.Jackpots...
,Recommended,394690,27366027,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PsychoMan470,best game with friends to play with
,Recommended,394690,29327856,Posted: 17 January,all,Mamma Edgar.,I've had way more fun with this than I originally expected.
76561198019735450,Recommended,394690,29895367,Posted: 13 February,all,Daddy Dabby,Mini golf is fun.
76561198193115881,Recommended,394690,29615326,Posted: 31 January,all,Thekingofalbion,"i love this game but one thing i wouldnt mind bein added is a way that you can change the sensitivity for controllers. other than that, i spent 2 hours at the casino and lost everything. but i got a waffle. ♥♥♥♥ yeah. waffles"
,Recommended,394690,27718453,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SiH,Bought this just to play golf. No regrets
,Recommended,394690,28621277,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Linxial,"7/10After a lot more updates/bug fixes/netcode updates/etc this game will be much better, but gmtower was much better than this game in it's current state honestly.Would recommend if you don't mind being a beta tester for a pretty unfinished game."
76561198086189746,Recommended,394690,28519266,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,"""Cowboy"" AKA Lil' Vibrator","""Alright, where do I begin?""Tower Unite. A standalone version of the now-deceased mod GMod Tower. In this game you can play 4 minigames (Ball Race, Golf, Planet Panic, and Virus). You obtain a currency called ""Units"" from playing these minigames. You can then use those Units to buy items like hats and glasses for your character, dino floaties, a body pillow (i put Mark Zuckerberg on mine lmao), drumsets, TVs, pianos, and old-school Macintoshes for your Condo. You name it, you can buy it. The main focus on this game is to socialize with people.THE PROS:*Very Social*Many things to do (bowling, theater, trvia, etc.)*Friendly and welcoming community*New content being added*Deep condo customization*Does not get oldTHE CONS:*Partially unstable (freezing, game locks up when flying in plaza, etc)*New updates can break other things*The devs have to fight with the autoclicking issue with the Casino (which then puts back new content being added)*Some game-breaking glitchesTL;DR: Tower Unite is a fun game that promotes socializing with others, and overall having fun. Some parts of this game are great, while the other parts are buggy and broken. Every new update brings something new to the game, good or bad. I would recommend this game if you are ok with dealing with the glitches, and the new updates breaking working parts of the game. If you do not like dealing with an unstable game, please wait to buy this, as in it's current version (0.1.7.1), it is not stable."
,Recommended,394690,27374877,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ExtroseGamer,"Great way to kill time, lots of fun minigames to play!"
,Recommended,394690,23053959,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Wobfo,"I loved GMT(Gmod Tower), and spent a lot of time, playing with friends. I was so hype for this game, and bought it, at the release date. I also bought it for one of my friends, I had spent a lot of time, on GMT with. Sadly, none of my friends have bought this game, so I miss my friends, but I still love this! I just need them to buy this!"
,Recommended,394690,23083154,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Droopy_Ears,It's like Second Life but you only need to pay once.
,Recommended,394690,24360173,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,JustClo,A good game ^.^
,Recommended,394690,24378204,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Clippy,"First day : Playing minigolf with strangers and making friends, Day 2 : I started a cult and call ourselves the Milk Nation , United Milk Carton and The Milk Carton Order10/10 Would make a cult based on Milk Carton again"
,Recommended,394690,22309398,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Teh Donut,11/10 first update was the whole game
76561198065990381,Recommended,394690,22370139,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,sugarfreee,"t unit is best game, ten out of ten"
,Recommended,394690,22374551,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SHAWR#BecleanPover💯,This game is soo funny !
,Recommended,394690,25579004,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dante The Exorcist,I had to buy a new spacebar-update: this one is still working
,Recommended,394690,22308754,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,selling my moms car (testing),AMAZING9/10 and i just started playing the gameI have been playing gmod tower since the start and lobby 1 and everything and i cant belive this game is already out.AMAZING GAMEPLAY ROLEPLAY AND FUN WITH FRIENDSa amazing expericence for all gamers and you should really buy thisonly thing bad is that its new but of course it will get better (lots of bugs):d <3333333
76561198049490615,Recommended,394690,30275722,Posted: 2 March,all,eliteblade46,"Its a tower in which you unite.So yeah this games amazeballs and is only getting better so you should totally buy it.PROS:Golf and holesBalls and melonsDragons and knightsCats and dogsGuns and infectedNEUTRAL:Community spikes for big updates but fades slowly till the next oneBacker exclusive speed shoes (cuz why look at the detail put into the lobbys when you can zoom right past it)CONS:Bugs with more about every update (normal for an early access game)Just get it, you know you want to."
,Recommended,394690,30254441,Posted: 28 February,all,Buza,First time playing I spent 6hrs gambling on one slot machine nonstop. Something about gambling virtual credits in a casino full of skeletons wearing pool floaties and walking milk cartons shooting bubble guns is insanely fun. 10/10 amazing game with a great community.Volume Warning -http://plays.tv/video/5865cf0d78a8af3858/hitting-10-on-double-or-nothing
,Recommended,394690,30713997,Posted: 24 March,all,Shiverburn Pigeon,GODDAMN THAT GOLF IS EXQUISITE
,Recommended,394690,22388873,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,grub,"Great social experience with lots of fun games, with an active community and  development team, and tons to do with your friends for hours on end."
,Recommended,394690,28624386,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,9S,lol
,Recommended,394690,25460435,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tsume,lackes content at the moment but im looking forward for whats to come! but still fun so far.
,Recommended,394690,24469200,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,jm891212,Absolute fun! Highly recommended for any Steam user.
,Recommended,394690,33686750,Posted: 20 July,all,ғʀᴏᴢᴇɴɢᴇɴᴇsɪs,"The graphics are pretty good, You can play with your friends and stuff.I giving it a thumbs up"
,Recommended,394690,29088278,Posted: 7 January,all,WIllsville,Good game worth a buy. Cant wait for more content
,Recommended,394690,32897740,Posted: 27 June,all,Panda Nuisance,10/10 Casino Simulator for people without lives
,Recommended,394690,31164150,Posted: 15 April,all,Pimp Whiskers,"Tower Unite has something for everyone to enjoy, gambling, minigames, such as minigold, little crusaders, ball race, and more to come. You can customize your very own condo with your friends. The Plaza can be used to meet your friends and enjoy plaza game such as typing derby, bowling, trivia, and watch youtube videos at the theater. Unlock cool hats and glasses for your character. Tower Unite is an amazing game and is suited for pretty much everyone. The dev team love to stay connected with the community, and they have a huge list of new additions that are still to come! This is definitely a game for people that love to play games, and party with friends!"
,Recommended,394690,28683382,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Skrublord,"I love the game, miss the days of GMT with friends, sadly, cant run it past 15 FPS on my potato of a laptop."
76561198066047238,Recommended,394690,25381283,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Rawr xD,Casino made this game 11/10
76561198043171901,Recommended,394690,22319892,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Mr Mills,"For its first day being out yes there will be some bugs and crashes and glitches, some people give bad reviews simply on this not realising its an early ALPHA. But for an Early alpha it certainly delivers its apperance of Gmod Tower. It already has some great original games from tower and I cant wait to see what they add in the future. Definately recomend this game to anyone who enjoyed Gmod Tower."
76561198105827460,Recommended,394690,22326848,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TJPrime,"I like this game. It's fun to explore the lobby and see what there is and to mess around in the casino's slot machines. The graphics aren't bad and the music is really nice.My main complaint is a lack of single player games. I found many games that needed 4 or 5 players, but the server I was on didn't have many people in at the time. I understand that the size of a player-base is not controlled by the developers, but I'd probably enjoy it more if there was some more single-player functionality other than customizing my condo. I'd also like to see another way to gain some in-game currency, besides playing games (links to previously stated issue).Also, I'd prefer the games price to be a little less than what it. It's no big issue, it's not £40, like some games charge, but paying just over £10 for the game seems exessive for what it's got already, however I think it's in the right ball-park for when the game's officially released. I also think it would slightly increase the number of users who consider purchasing the game.But overall, I can see a lot of potential. I'm excited to see what future versions have in store."
,Recommended,394690,22350842,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,『LA』 Roi,They say I can't be a milk cartoon... look at me now mother!!!
,Recommended,394690,22311897,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Vanillasushi,The most fun I've ever had in a social game in a long timefor $15 this is a steal.
,Recommended,394690,22351058,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fluffybro Jr. ❤,"I joined a random room and I ended up being in PsiSyndicate's and other people's stream. They said the male character model looked 14, this game was for 40 year old pedos, and then one demanded me to ""get into bed and touch his nipples"" or he'll ""molest and rrape me like my daddy did."" Then everyone left. Good timesProof:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=663402249My review: The default boy's model is pretty cute. lol. It's a fun game to play with friends, make new ones, or to get kicked out of rooms for being a furry. woooo. yey. fun. sooo much fun! It still has a lot of stuff being added throughout the year so don't buy it expecting it's finished. Overall, I think it's worth the price."
,Recommended,394690,22351400,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hitha,very good yes
76561198044035968,Recommended,394690,22351867,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Reese,"I'm surprised this is as polished and good as it is currently, but I'd wait a month or a week or two for the main big bugs to go away and for optimization and polish to take over (along with a few other features).Making a video game is hard, making a video game with only four people is hard."
,Recommended,394690,22416722,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Miha16191,The best game for sedation (Lights when golf)
,Recommended,394690,22417864,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,slugger,"great game, just a bit poorly optimized at the moment. luckily, updates are frequent and will surely fix this and improve the game even more."
,Recommended,394690,22349715,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Acharvis,"Devs, heres what you need to fix:OverallLeaderboards need to be more like GMT's leaderboard.Walking animations are a bit iffy.Unlimited jetback glitch- wearing 2 jetpacks makes you have unlimited jeckpack.Voice-chat is too quiet- noticed this for everyone.Hitboxes in virus don't work very well.Guns don't look like they are being held by milk carton.Anyone with a tall potion cant fit through any door without crouching.Camera sometimes locks and doesn't move.Bring back the old virus music.ALSO, YOU BETTER BRING PVP BATTLE BACK!TL;DR: Should have waited longer to release the gameMore to come..EDIT:  Seems like they really fixed the game since the review."
,Recommended,394690,33355457,Posted: 7 July,all,Zachariah,"I get to live out my gambling addiction without having to spend real money.Play Trivia, go to casino, lose all the money I made, repeat.Unfortunately I can't afford a shower to cry in.7.5/10- Would simulate my inevitable future life again.I recommend waiting until they update it a bit before buying it but if you're curious to see what it's like then give it a try."
76561198007899676,Recommended,394690,22530161,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SlyLikeRy,"TLDR~~Amazing Game 10/10Tower Unite is a rare game in which the community really makes it great. The developers are super amazing and constantly working to bring free updates to the game. In its current state Id say it is already very worth the 15 dollar price tag and with the promise of tons of free future content patches and updates, this game is worth every single cent. That being said you will also heavily enjoy this game if you are at all a fan of Garry's Mod, Habbo Hotel, or the very popular GMOD tower of which this game is actually a successor to, than you will lose yourself in this game. HIGHLY RECCOMMENDED. 10/10"
,Recommended,394690,33937196,Posted: 31 July,all,ohWell,"If you've played Gmod Tower before, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,394690,22310272,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Brian The Skeleton,"This game is really great. While this may be biased because I really loved GMTower, seriously. You should get this, or wait until the game is fully complete and as bug-free as possible. While there are bugs that get on my nerves (in this case, menu stuttering), the devs are really helpful and cool and will fix bugs and listen to the community. There's a lot of stuff you can do and more on the way, so be prepared!"
76561198142245794,Recommended,394690,34454913,Posted: 24 August,all,WolfieWoods,I really like the game.The game offers fun mini games and a friendly communityI recommend the game to everybody!
,Recommended,394690,25536886,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cookies,There is not better feeling than to have a Satanic Hentai Ritual in your basement. I couldn't have made it without Tower Unite.10/10
,Recommended,394690,30514004,Posted: 14 March,all,Swedish Chef,"NOW, Im not one for a clammy undercarriage but when you are sitting in that casino spamming the space bar in hope of ""getting the big one"" ""the big cheese"" ""the old jacky-p"" and were not talking jacket potato here we are talking the old JACKPOT nothing gives me a clammier undercarriage."
76561198333686854,Recommended,394690,34603257,Posted: 30 August,all,SVKE,"This is a really fun game with a really friendly community, despite the poor optimiztion, bugs and being still in ''Early Acess'' !It reminds me of old games like ''imvu'' where you create your avatar and chat with other people.Plus the games are fun as hell, Personally i like playing ''Virus'' Cause it reminds me a lil bit of left 4 dead and it gives you a lot of money!I'm Looking forward to play this game more, and support pixel tail games!Thanks Jameskii and Pyrocynical for introducing this game to me through their videos! ヽ(・∀・)ﾉ"
76561198044233743,Recommended,394690,22835625,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SoupCanMafia,"It's only in the Early Access stage, so just take this review with a grain of salt. I played it expecting to have s similar experience to what someone like GassyMexican could get from Mini Golf. However, the servers running the minigame are very far from perfect, with wait times so long that you automatically time out with a Triple Bogey without any chance to shoot despite an otherwise smooth gamemode, every server having a ping of 999 while it could have lower, and nothing very attention grabbing except for collecting virtual items. I will not fling too much problems to them because these guys do have experience from GMod Tower and to state that they aren't doing anything is just disrespectful. It's absurdly clear that they are trying to make this a reborn phoenix of GMod Tower with more freedom to do whatever you want as well as expanding their game modes to be fresher and funner than their older counterparts and that's very clear with both YouTube videos of seeing someone like SeaNanners and GoldGlove playing Mini Golf and comparing it to the older version of Mini Golf and by playing one of the tracks. This title has a lot of development, so I do not recommend buying it right now. However, I will recommend it because it does have so much potential to be just as great, or even greater, than GMod Tower and to play around in the minigames."
,Recommended,394690,22853743,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ReeperZ csgolive.com,It's okay but if you dont have the minimum graphics card (but i suggest the reccomended to play with comfort and no lag) it will defenetly lag like u cant fix it mate even if u lower them but if you have the the worst graphics card i dont even know if you can move a muscle
76561198027210746,Recommended,394690,22821923,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ZkullDefence,"This is a great game if you missed out on your chance with experiencing the original Gmod Tower server, or just if you haven't heard anything about. Unless you have played on the original Gmod Tower, then this is a great time to get back into the whole Tower community.Along with my average ping of 200 or so that I play with, it's pretty playable."
,Recommended,394690,28643707,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,メイ,"This game is pretty alright for being in early development. Lots of work still needs to be done, but overall it's pretty good.It's nice to see the guys from GMod Tower creating their own game!"
,Recommended,394690,22817844,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SupremeAtom420,"Basically a virtual party. You can play minigames, gamble, decorate your house and watch videos with your friends. Would recommend, very fun game."
76561198138421008,Recommended,394690,34111876,Posted: 8 August,all,pepe painting pepe,Great game! never played it on g mod but its really fun and i reccomend getting it.
,Recommended,394690,25111113,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Big Tompson,"This is an example of a smexy developer who listens. He turned his small unique Garry's mod server with a passion, into a large community with amazing games Macc and his friends really have come far. There are emotional videos out there explaining this game's origin from the little days of Lobby one tower, to the rise in Lobby Two tower. He wanted to stop his limitations with the Source engine, so he followed his passion, and it leads him here. Thank you, Mac. And the entire dev team. this is what early access should consist of :D"
,Recommended,394690,24196932,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Josh * vhs7.tv/forums,"This game is amazing, I can't stop playing it! It's only in Early Access so there is very little to do, but the stuff that is here is so fun! I enjoy meeting new people, playing with current friends and talking! I suggest this game to anyone who enjoys any of the above. I can't wait to see the final game once it comes out of Early Access!<3"
76561198164012332,Recommended,394690,32961743,Posted: 28 June,all,Maaazik,A Great Game with huge potential! Amazing with friends. You can play solo as well with other members in the worl everyone is friendly. 10/10 a must buy!
76561198140322025,Recommended,394690,34044084,Posted: 5 August,all,GrumFrungLa,This is a good game to gamble without useing IRL money
76561198066796158,Not Recommended,394690,28989421,Posted: 3 January,all,kitkat395,"My review has changed to a negative because this game has become a ghost town.In GMOD tower, the servers were always pretty full. There were so many people to interact and chat with, and you could probably host a party with 10+ people in your condo.In tower unite there are less than 10 people in a single server.Most of them are two busy grinding the casino machines to talk to you.I regret purchasing this mockery of a ""social"" game."
,Recommended,394690,30604286,Posted: 18 March,all,yokohama,"Originally, I was pretty hesitant on shoveling out $15 to buy a new version of GMod Tower. I was heavily mistaken.Introduction and MenusI'm going to lump the introduction and the menus into one whole section. When I mean introduction, I am talking about the first few experiences a player might expect to have (coming from a person who has sunk hundreds of hours into both GMT Lobby 1 and 2).I have played GMT for over 500+ hours, and both manage to capture the charm. Sure, there's no replacing GMT, but Tower Unite is slowly progressing into something that will transcend it.Upon booting up the game for the first time, the game will bring up two consecutive menus: one that alerts you that you are currently playing an early access game, and one that informs you that if you have played enough hours in GMT prior to playing Tower Unite, you can transfer your credits into units, the game's form of currency. After going through the process, you are sent to the menus which are concise and allow you to enter one of Tower Unite's many game modes, the plaza (a form of lobby for players to interact and do different activities), and the condos, a place where you can use the units you've earned and put it into building a unique living space. The whole process of getting into the game is clean, but expect some longer loading times (1 minute to about 3, depending on your build).The Plaza and YouThe plaza is a main hub for a lot of activities within Tower Unite. Players spawn in the transit station, and upon walking up two flights of steps, you will see the plaza in all of its glory. People who are coming off of GMT will instantly recognize the map as Lobby 2, but there has been a lot of additions. As mentioned before, the plaza holds many activities. You could blow all of your money in the casino, hoping to reap the rewards of a jackpot. You might step into one of many shops that give you player upgrades. You might want to play a typing race against your friends, or bowl 10 frames with them. You could ride the ferris wheel and relax. You could watch a flick with a bunch of people. The decision to do what you want is up to you, and there is a lot of things that can be done. As stated on theTrello, the devs plan on adding ocean exploration, a large arcade, and more. Once again, this game is in early access, but there is a lot of content on offer here.GameworldsTo gain coveted units to feed the desire for more money, you might want to step into one of many gameworlds. From the main menu, you can select all 5 available gameworlds on offer (which I suggest because trying to join a lobby through plaza doesn't guarantee lots of players). The only negative I can really think of is the fact that these games are P2P, meaning if the host is bad, you will feel latency. These modes include:MinigolfYou've probably seen popular YouTubers enjoying the crap out of this mode. It's what you expect, but again, expect slight delay if the host is bad.Ball RaceThis mode is another fan favorite. Similar to Super Monkey Ball, you take control of a ball running through obstacle courses, collecting melons and racing people to the finish to gain credits. Again, pretty simple stuff.Little CrusadesVeterans to GMT will recognize this as Ultimate Chimera Hunt, but with all of the assets changed up to avoid infringing copyright. Knights attempt to slay a randomly dragon every round by pressing a button on its back through 15 rounds of play.VirusFor those that have played Timesplitters, you will notice that it is basically the infection mode. Players are given about 15 seconds of peace to set up and prepare every round before someone is randomly selected to be infected. Survivors survive until time is up while the infected attempt to infect the survivors by touching them. Very fun and fast paced, but be wary of latency on this one.Planet PanicDogs and Cats battle it out in a small arena, attempting to gather up a larger number of balls by the end of the round. Players can carry 4 balls at a time and can shoot enemies to gain dominance. One of the goals the devs want to achieve is to make this gamemode more interesting, but until then, this mode is pretty much stagnant.CondosCondos are another feature that is given to players directly from the start. There are currently a handful of condos available: a condo from Lobby 1, a condo from Lobby 2, a house, an art studio, an underwater mansion, a highrise, and a large flatland to allow for creative structures. Players use units gained from play to buy different furniture and interactable features. The only real restriction of building is the boundaries of the condo. You could set up a night club, or a Drama Alert set with a Keemstar cutout. The possibilities are endless, as long as you play enough to buy the items.CommunityThe community for this game is suprisingly friendly for the most part. I remember seeing the casino having a singalong as the sounds of agony and slot machines droned in the background. I remember having a great time just talking while playing in minigolf. I can remember walking into a random condo and meeting the lead dev (S/O to MacDGuy, love you and all of the PixelTail crew). This all happened within 2 days. The only gripe I have is that this game doesn't quite have the population yet, but I hope that this changes in the future.What Early Access Means For This GameWith the abundance of many terrible early access games put out on Steam, there are bound to be some gems, and I thourougly believe that Tower Unite is one of those games. Maybe I might be biased, but there is just something about the way GMT was that really hooked me. Granted, the population isn't as great as it should be, the devs are working nonstop to produce new content. If you walk into this game knowing that there are going to be new additions, then you will have a great time playing this game.Rating and TL;DRBuy Now or Wait for SaleThis game is great fun, especially if you cajole friends into purchasing this game. Although latency and population problems do have an impact on this game, it still is worthwhile, even at the $15 price tag. Now if you dont mind, I'll be busy shooting my potato gun at some catsacks while my pet watermelon watches."
76561198092602163,Recommended,394690,22744332,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,NightCroww,Great game get to play basket ball drunk and get to chase people on the beach with bubble guns!!10/10 Would chase people with bubble guns
,Recommended,394690,34315235,Posted: 17 August,all,LB23,Amazing game! Reminds me of PlayStation Home so much!...However it is better than PSHOME no microtransactions!
,Recommended,394690,34387106,Posted: 20 August,all,Mister Skeleton,It's like Dark Souls with updates
,Recommended,394690,34280534,Posted: 16 August,all,DemoKnight,VERY GOOD GAME...
,Recommended,394690,34358841,Posted: 19 August,all,General CadBane ||{ρ.ω.ι.}||,this game is good yes it is in early access but it is really fun game
,Recommended,394690,33108901,Posted: 1 July,all,nepnep ,It's early access and there are some bugs but overall it's a great game and a must have for anyone who played GMOD Tower!
,Recommended,394690,34384984,Posted: 20 August,all,Panda,"Good with friends, minigames can get repetitive and have their bugs, sometimes you need to grind for money, but overrall a polished and nice game.And no microtransactions."
76561198123107738,Recommended,394690,25362020,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Technolly10,"It Is a Great game with so much potential but it barely has many players. like 4 people at max! but the more players the funner it can be. finally everything is SO expensive! ive played 43 rounds of infection alone and could barely afford a sofa, a bed, a table, sofa and smallest tv."
,Recommended,394690,32980094,Posted: 29 June,all,Baka,"Absolute must-buy for friends looking to bowl, golf, watch porn together, listen to some smooth tunes, build condos, drown your walls in hentai, shoot zombies, play laser tag, jetpack limply into oblivion, practice your typing skills, ride ferris wheels while overlooking the sunset, sink yourself into a crippling gambling addiction, and fully express yourself all while having a great time!"
,Recommended,394690,26005995,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Joal,"I was looking forward to this since it's anouncement, and let me say that I was not dissapointed. I like how they brought back lots of stuff from gmtower.Gameplay 5/5: i just wish people weren't so addicted to the casino (i have no luck with slots), but it is still very fun to play games, customize your condo, and walk around in the lobby and shop!Functionality 3/5: after every update, there is a bug to be found somewhere, but pixeltail games always come out with hotfixes quickly!Music 5/5: Catchy and fun!Style 5/5: looks beautiful, and the fact it's fully customizable makes it even better!I'd give it a 4.5/5! I like the game, and I can't wait to see what they do with it."
,Recommended,394690,32193935,Posted: 5 June,all,Moogle,"5.5 Hours? Let's get this  Review Started!This Review is brought to you by Moogle.... Because who else will be honest?----TL:DR Nostalga------Synapse--Tower Unite is a Lobby Based Minigame/Lobby simulation that resembles much of what my years from 2008-2012 looked like. A lot of Playstation Home. It is also based of the very popular Garry's Mod Tower (Mod) that was produced around sometime in 2015 (I'v never actually gotten to play GMT but i disgress)Tower Unite offers a few things.1. Lobby Based Games and Hubs (Houses and the actual main area to my surprise)2. A sort of.... Oh whats the word... Atmospheric feel to it.3. Golf with friends except it's actually fun4. An opertuinity to grow with the community (Or if your like me devlope a gambiling addiction from the In-game casino and lose 30K on the wheel of fortune trying to get a damn pet)5. A really fun time killer---In short Tower United is an amazing little project for the time being, as where it stands as a community game was already enough to make me spend the $15 the second i saw this game on my steam reccomended.-------The Good and the Bad about this game-----Good--- Atmosphericc enviroment- Well optimised- Fun to kill time with- Great to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with friends.- A very vocal community and developers- Community help! (This came as a bit of a shocker to me but you can actually assist them with the creation of this game using their thingy page (forgot the name))- An experience that can let you forget about our War ravaged world for a while (Rest in peace those who lost their lived in London and Manchester)----DownsidesSideNote: I will not be going lightly on this seeing as the game has existed for over a year. I still love it though but these are my personal quarrels.---- Loading into a Main City (Hub) Takes atleast 1+ minute (With a goood internet connection AND Harddrive)- The Bowling minigame has a hard time registering Pin hits (YES IM UNHAPPY ABOUT THIS CUZ BOWLING IS FUN!)- Lack of customization in the way of clothes (I'm sure this complaing will be obselete in due time)- Awkwardly enough that amount of mic screaming and racist kids (Then again i dont expect a once G mod gamemode to  NOT have this but jesus)- Some of the game modes are just not attracting or are just dull (Looking at you virus)- The object placement. please do not get me started on this. I  spent a good 20 minutes trying to place a fridge the right way and had to actually give up- Object Rendering seems to be slow at times.- Lack of general Gameplay customization- Some of the character Models bug out (Looking at you milk carton)- This isnt a con but more a complaint. The lack of explorable area. I mean if your not counting the tower the Main area is actually pretty small.------In basicIs it good? Yes, yes it is. Do i love it? No, no i don't. Do i like it? Yes, yes i do! Do i regret spending the $15 the second i saw this game? No and hopefully i never will.In all my total score for this game is an  8.9/10Things can be fixed and this score can be fixed.But as for now this is where it stands."
,Recommended,394690,32081750,Posted: 31 May,all,Callum,"Tower Unite is a fun and addictive game where you can play all sorts of minigames, explore an open world, interact with out players, own a house/condo and decorate it. The game is constantly being updated and will keep you hooked for hours and hours...especially if you try your luck at the casino.If you've played Garry's Mod and liked it, you'll 100% like this."
,Recommended,394690,26165559,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,munkedyr,my game was running at 1000fps for one second and then 1fps the next second10/10
,Recommended,394690,29158337,Posted: 10 January,all,|FC| Ian,"I recommend if you have a decent CPU and an okay GPU..  I technically shatter the recommended and I still play at like 20-30 FPS.. I have a 7 year old CPU (i5 760) and a 750TI, I can play Overwatch and MGS 5 on high which are gorgeous games, but this game with it turned everything turned all the way down, I'm lucky to get 40FPS, usually tetering between 35-25FPS and feels jerky because of that. The gameplay is a little fun, more social than anything, but since it's terribly optimized, you're better off waiting if you're ballin' on a budget.If you have to try it to know if it works, remember Steam has a 2 hour game time, 2 week refund timeframe.I'll update my review if they fix the FPS.Edit: I figured out what was causing FPS issues for this; a screen dimmer caused f.lux, even if it was on standby it would still cause this slow down, which is sad. Frames are back up to the 70s-80 FPS"
,Recommended,394690,33696456,Posted: 21 July,all,simmey,its fun. i own 2500  green apples for some reason in this game.
,Recommended,394690,27201070,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nommiin,"You like bowling? You like mini-games? You like making friends? You like condos? You like customizing your character? You like wasting your virtual currency at the casino?Well then.... maybe play Tower Unite...I mean, there is PS Home or whatever, but this is way better... so just play that!"
,Recommended,394690,34658081,Posted: 1 September,all,Fluxxy,Honestly a really great game to chill out while playing.
,Recommended,394690,34674383,Posted: 1 September,all,KyleJames0408,"Hello Fellow Men, Women, Skeletons, and Milk Cartons,I can not stress enough how fun this game is! Among all the games where you can♥♥♥♥♥♥around in, this may be by far the best! A plethora of gamemodes, and more to be created, your own home, customizable characters, it's a load of fun! The game lacks players from time to time unfortunately, and it can be a real bummer. I strongly recommend purchasing this game with a group of friends, or if you already have friend who own it. It's extremely hard to gather players for the games area and even more difficult to gather players in the lobbies to go to the boardwalk. Besides a sparse playbase, the game is loads of fun, and is by far my favorite casual game because of all the different gamemodes. It's definitely worth the money, it's just a matter of friends that you already have on Steam really.-Kyle James"
76561198044755767,Recommended,394690,30560597,Posted: 16 March,all,twitch.tv/campogio64,Gambling addiction simulator 10/10
,Recommended,394690,30560631,Posted: 16 March,all,Mercury 9 | Turtle [Trading],"Best minigolf ever, tbf. But i cant go to the plaza because my game will crash. Its a good game but it needs to be fixed."
,Recommended,394690,30536365,Posted: 15 March,all,Knit Sweater,Played mini golf then spent the money at a casino and got enough to buy a body pillow and a jet pack. 11/10
,Recommended,394690,31303878,Posted: 22 April,all,Fincy,Very fun game to play with friends. Playing solo is a bit boring though.
,Recommended,394690,27024469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TechShadow,"A amazing game, a great community, graphics, and more! It's just amazing and is great for hanging out and chilling with friends!10/10 This game is sick!!!"
,Recommended,394690,29466190,Posted: 24 January,all,TelephoneTrickster,"This is already a great improvement from GMod Tower. The graphics are nice, and there are less glitches. That being said, it still has some glitches, but they're not gamebreaking. Also, since this is an independent game, the game runs on its own servers and loading times are faster. This is just a great game."
,Recommended,394690,26594139,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,solid,"EDIT: This game runs insanely well on a GTX 1060 OC 6GB, i5-6500, with 8gb of DDR4 RAM. Playing the newest minigolf map used to yield me 15fps. Now I have almost always 80fps!This game is kinda like Battlefield Hardline - in the fact that it's a good game that no one really plays.Sure, I'm kinda biased (because I had a hard-on for GMod Tower), but it's just... so good.Even though my frame-rate is abysmal, I can still enjoy it for what it is.If you enjoyed GMod Tower, or just having a splendid time with your friends, this is the game for doing so.Unlike Battlefield Hardline, however, this game hasn't been left to rot. Tower Unite is updated very, VERY frequently, in terms of update speed. It's not always updating, but it's not the speed of CS:GO Operations.If you want to see what these sexy boyos are doing, check their trello:https://trello.com/b/6BwRMiPw/tower-unite-roadmapHere's to hoping that Accelerate comes out soon!"
,Recommended,394690,32715027,Posted: 24 June,all,toofie,"This is the best ""real life simulator"" you can find in the store. You get some money from games, lose it all in casino, get some more again, spend on dumb sh*t and repeat. If you have some friends with you, this game will be fun. Otherwise, you will feel isolated because nobody is friendly in the game."
,Not Recommended,394690,29682985,Posted: 3 February,all,nobody,"Still no roulette, don't buy it."
76561198098174838,Recommended,394690,24410128,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Razorroboham,been playin dis for a while is gud game 10/10 gud music too
,Recommended,394690,25637559,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Spell iCup,10/10It runs a lot better after the latest patch.
,Recommended,394690,25733563,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Min - silver1 -,Tower Unite is the game to start your Gambling Addiction.10/10 for Casino LOL
76561198105193582,Recommended,394690,25761555,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Saggin RegginSaltine,"golf,just golf"
,Recommended,394690,26129237,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,OooOoOoOooo,+1 Very Fun can't waiting for new patch :D
,Recommended,394690,28489057,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,[AG] Razor,This game is awsome. with every update it gets better and better and it always doesnt get old.
,Recommended,394690,28526661,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Minova,"Things I have experienced while playing Tower UniteWatched alot of we are number one meems with random people in a beach house,Won a jackpot in the casinoplayed golfbe in a war of dogs vs catssurvive the zombie apocolipsebuilt a houze10/10ayylmao"
76561198280538675,Recommended,394690,28556092,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,regicide9557,"GOOD GAME WITH GREAT POTENTIAL,BUT IT STILL HAS LOTS TO IMPROVE!"
,Recommended,394690,28557133,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,fergydanny,very fun  game with an insane potential. I can't wait to see what it'll be like in the future! Keep it up
76561198088273443,Recommended,394690,28659695,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,heypops3,"Awesome game, a few bugs here and there but they aren't major as of now, the Casino is a little broken but in a good way. Maybe by the time you read this it will be fixed. BTW my condo is lit"
,Recommended,394690,28978462,Posted: 3 January,all,Jeebus,Now this is a game i played alot when it first came out. it didnt have many features but it was amazing. and after the casino update it was booming with players (which was both good and bad coz it lagged the game to hell). this game has potential to be great. and i hope it does. but the odds are extreemly slim for this to be as popular as Gmod tower.
,Recommended,394690,29155615,Posted: 9 January,all,Lonewolfblake,amazing game that we are getting to watch become more complete by the day
76561198071708596,Recommended,394690,29195097,Posted: 11 January,all,Andrea the Courier,"Development is slow but once it is done, it'll be worth the wait"
,Recommended,394690,25766142,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,sebatost07,I love the Game . I can´t wait to open the Arcadehall i love Arcadehalls. I think that the Game has a lot of potential. And i very happy that i  have found the Game.
,Recommended,394690,26610970,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,xthemachox,"Good game to kill some time playing in the casino or meet new ppl in mini games, can't wait untill more games are added!"
,Recommended,394690,26762877,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spoopy Spooples,All this game needs is Little Crusaders and we got ourselves a GOTY.
,Recommended,394690,26767815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PurpleFreeman,"Did you like GMod Tower? If you answered yes to that quesetion, then you'll like this too."
,Recommended,394690,26894072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Andrew You-Don't-Know-Jack, Son",This game is well worth the money if not for anything but the amount of things you can play and do in it.
,Recommended,394690,26894336,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☢☠Jean☠☢,this game is just as good as Tower Unite and i recommend it even in the stage it currently is
,Recommended,394690,28801634,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Whale!,"Bought this game at 2 AM one night.I didn't sleep that night.Or the night after.Amazing game, perfect for the right brained people out there. Doesn't take a lot of thinking to have fun and spend countless hours on here with friends or strangers. Impressive seeing that the game is still in early access/development, and teases new features coming nonstop. If you liked Garry's Mod (and obviously those who played gmod tower servers), you'll love this."
,Recommended,394690,28969967,Posted: 3 January,all,Punished Mindex [PG],4/4 Early access game. I think it worths your money atm.
,Recommended,394690,28982272,Posted: 3 January,all,Applekaz,the new minigolf map sweet tooth is pretty buggy but for the rest is it very good
76561198056937393,Recommended,394690,29225966,Posted: 13 January,all,ACIDZ,"Not a bad little mini game, the graphics are a bit rough but its kind of fun to go around and interact with others and play some mini golf. I just can't spend too much time on this game cause it does get boring. The most fun I've had is going to the movie theatre and casino!Worth it if its on sale but still not a huge player base, enough to find a server though!"
,Recommended,394690,25577645,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,sciddlybop,This used to be marble simulator now its gambling simulator
,Recommended,394690,25721545,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,javier,life
,Recommended,394690,26324054,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Chmewy,"I have only played Gmod Tower once. I kinda liked it but really didnt. I finnaly bought Tower Unite to give it another chance. Im glad I did, this game and is really fun with friends! I like buidling my condo and gambeling!"
,Recommended,394690,26423892,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Front door,http://imgur.com/a/IFjfK
,Recommended,394690,26882782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,peper757,"Tower Unite has a lot of cool minigames within it, with more being added as development goes on, and the room customisation allows you to create a virtual hangout space that looks rad."
,Recommended,394690,28802160,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RecklessTactics,"This game has alot of potentional and the devs are quite active but has little to do, would recommend on the basis of the casino alone and the community is great"
,Recommended,394690,29196346,Posted: 11 January,all,CoMiT,"Let me start out by saying that I loved Gmod Tower, and loved the community. I began to get involved with the community and I got to know some pretty cool people. I wish I had that time back, cause Tower Unite doesn't fully express the same feeling I had. Pixel Tail is doing a great job though, and I believe it was about time for them to move on to making their own game. I just feel that Tower Unite isn't the same. There isn't all the fun and odd copyrighted things that would spice up Gmod Tower.(Player models, games, etc.) I don't know if it is because this game isn't fully finished, but for some reason I just don't feel as into it as I did Gmod Tower. The community is bit split up now and not everyone has the game. With this, I hope that more of the old community buy/become active on this game. It'd be amazing. This game is not bad, but isn't the same. I wish Pixel Tail luck on hopefully making this as great  as what Gmod tower was. I recommend this game, but I recommend waiting a bit, maybe until it isn't early access, just to know that you have all the minigames and such availiable to you. But, if you expect all that Gmod Tower had, defenitely wait, because it could be something a bit different then what you'd expect."
,Recommended,394690,29725363,Posted: 5 February,all,Far | eVoipTV,The classic Garry's Mod gamemode made into a full fledged game. Pretty wicced
,Recommended,394690,30490336,Posted: 13 March,all,Tetrarax,"It may produce a lot of WTF moments, but this game has so much potential and creative freedom that it totally smashes all the bad things away. I love this game so much. It's just so addictive. Just buy it already"
,Recommended,394690,25570194,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ika くコ:彡,coo
,Recommended,394690,25690882,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Brandon,Not finished but good
,Recommended,394690,35434140,Posted: 2 October,all,Sgt. Jason9811,"One of the most underrated games on Steam, if you're a fan of There or Second Life or even The Sims, this game is for you. For an early access game, it's very impressive AND the devs are constantly updating it."
,Recommended,394690,34722329,Posted: 3 September,all,Polar Bears,"To start off with...Honestly, this is one of the games I should have got when I first came on Steam, but sadly it wasn't released yet. By saying that, I'm just saying it's a really fun game to play, helps you find some new friends on Steam, and is definetely one of my favorites!If you just want to see more specifically into what is in the game and what plans to be in the game, just check here:https://trello.com/b/6BwRMiPw/tower-unite-roadmapotherwise continue reading...The idea/game itselfTHE GOALThere is not really any specific goal to the game, you basically choose if you want to have a goal in the game or just play and mess around without any goal. You can go after trying to create the best condo with your imagination, trying to save up a lot of in-game cash and become really rich, or really have the best parties or something. Those are just ideas.THE PLAZAThe Plaza is the main area of the game with a few dedicated servers by the development team and a few unofficial servers from others. The Plaza is basically a hub and center for the whole game with stores to shop at, places to socialize with others, carnival-like games to play, bowling, Laser Tag, and more. Oh, there's also a theater if you want to blast your YouTube meme collection for people to watch. In summary, it's basically the main area of action in the community. If you're looking to find some new friends, that is a great place to go.MINI GAMESThe mini games range from trying to not get infected by zombies to casual games like mini golf to Ball Race which seems to be a mini-game, multiplayer inspiration of the Super Monkey Ball series.Overall, the mini games are more like party games and are fun to play with just random people over Steam or gather up some friends and play and chill.CONDOSThe condo feature is really nice. It gives you the ability to make anything you can plan with your imagination or your heart's desire. So, if you want to make a waifu shrine with waifu body pillows and a picture of your waifu next to candles, go ahead. If you want to make a club, customize the lights with different patterns from a rainbow cycle to a candle lighting design pattern and more, add a bar for people to buy drinks, get some spotlights, bubble machines, and a dance floor and party until you fall asleep on the keyboard. If you just want to be a home designer, get some furniture, design a nice condo in paradise, take some screenshots and share it with the world, go ahead.Overall, the condo customization is REALLY NICE and I love it!CommunityThe community is really nice and in my experience going onto some of the most populated servers on the game, there are friendly and funny people on there and it makes the experience much better from milk carton cults to in a video seeing a group of people walking together spreading their bee cult to people blasting memes in the theater and more, it's definetely a community I want to be a part of. There definetely seems to be a lot of chill, laid-back people here in my experience.Just a warning and I know that not everyone really cares for it or really worries about encountering it, but some condos or some content played in the theater can be a bit explicit sometimes so if you really want to avoid explicit condos, just don't go to people's condos much and you're good and if you don't like whatever is being played in the theater, just leave that theater and go to a different theater.NOTE: The developers are planning to add more Parental Control features like disabling media players and canvases so if you're really worried, that feature will be there eventually and if you don't like explicit content in someone's condo, then you can just filter it out locally with the settings.Performance both PC-performance and Internet-performanceSo before you look into this some more, I suggest you take a look at my speculations for more of an idea on how yours may run compared to mine.Manufacturer: CyberPowerPCOperating System: Windows 10 HomeSystem Type: x64-based processorProcessor: AMD FX-4300 Quad-Core 3.80 GHzGraphics: Radeon RX 460 (2 GB dedicated RAM)Installed memory (RAM): 8 GBStorage: 1 TB/1000 GB Hard DriveBefore playing, be sure you keep your drivers updated, makes a really huge difference for this.I play the game at 1600x900, sometimes in maximized window mode on a 1920x1080 monitor resolution. For my internet, I have a ping of around 30-150 average on the official Plaza dedicated servers depending on how full it is.The game runs very well giving me usually around 25-120 FPS with the range being that some areas in the game need graphics card optimizations for frame rate to be normal. For certain parts such as the Plaza, there is some frame rate dropping every few seconds just traveling a bit at a sprinting speed or jetpack speed and it does mess with the ping quite a bit. For the Snow map on Mini Golf, I experience a strange frame rate drop.Although, this game's in Early Access so I expected some issues like this, overall, it's mostly stable, just needs some optimizations and some fixes for online, that's all.NOTE: Mini games and condos are not hosted on the official dedicated servers. That being said, if a player hosting the server has a poor internet connection, your game experience may be affected. There is no server configuration required, and your server in the server list does not display your IP address, only a ping and your server's name which is customizable on mini games (otherwise your Community name for condos). If you are worried about people in the public finding your IP address, you can either use a VPN or limit your server to Steam Friends Only or make it single player.Developers and their engagement with the communityThe developers seem to take feedback seriously and seem to love to engage with their community, see what the community likes, and seem to take value into community feedback, more than most other game devs (in my perspective) seem to have.They have a forum on their website for people to post and give feedback. They also release announcements there for new features in-game and reply to the community. To take a look at it, here's the link:http://forums.pixeltailgames.com/categoriesThey have a Discord for the community to come together and to answer some questions from the community. I won't be posting a link for that because that's more for the community.They also more importantly have a Trello board for their roadmap. It features ideas they talk about putting into the game, ideas they are working on, and features that are already in the game, so more importantly check that out!https://trello.com/b/6BwRMiPw/tower-unite-roadmapOVERALLIt's a really good game and I love it and it's one of my favorites on Steam, I love all the features it has, it just needs some optimizations here and there, but overall it's a really good game and you should definetely buy it and it was worth my 15 bucks. :)Thanks for reading this! Sorry if I missed some parts talking about the game or made some errors, I don't usually write really big reviews like these, I guess that shows how much I love it?"
76561198030185149,Recommended,394690,35405384,Posted: 1 October,all,SpicyChickenGod,Best way to store your favorite P O R N images.11/10
,Recommended,394690,23754607,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ViperDeMLG,"Great fun to play with bunch of your m8s, definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,394690,30748846,Posted: 26 March,all,Sickhead,Gambling simulator
,Recommended,394690,23462553,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MechaDryBones,"As a long time player of the original Gmod Tower, I can personally say that this is a game worth getting. Although all the minigames might not be implemented yet, the idea that they will be just as grand as their predecessors is something worth waiting for. Other than the minigames themselves, the lobby is organized neatly and everything is easy to find. The one thing that I feel could bring back a bit of that GMT charm would be to add easter eggs and secrets around the lobby like they used to."
,Recommended,394690,22591539,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Vaycron,it gud
,Recommended,394690,27544338,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Troublemaker☂,"Really enjoy what it is at this point, I know it will get better. Can't wait for Little Crusaders!"
76561198136054101,Recommended,394690,24645437,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,HardcoreCowboy,"Fun to play for hours, always keeps their followers in the know through Trello, multiple games in one with more on the way, and a fun community to play with."
,Recommended,394690,31693682,Posted: 11 May,all,recc,"This game is neat but needs a lot more to do, :^)"
,Recommended,394690,22509835,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,HotDog,10/10 would decorate my apartment with adolf hitler pictures again.
,Recommended,394690,22600330,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,MadJack,"This game has been something I have been waiting for months. The anticipation has been making me rather inpatient and very excited as a user for me to own a copy. I use to play on Gmod Tower which was good and I was thrilled to see that they are making a standalone game which I think was a fantastic game.Even though this game is only in early access I should say a few things that you may expect to see at the moment during the games stage. I’ve seen around up 40 people on the same server and no more then that. Which is slightly annoying but I guess people want to wait until the out of early access when the game is more constructed, less buggy and adding a few tweaks that perhaps make big changes.Now I do find this game to be rather exciting and because of one word “Condos” Setting up your own place and making it unique is super fun! You're able to buy canvas and put up in your condo and then gather image links from the web and then you have it on your wall. The accessibility and huge amount of space to put things is a lot so you never get bored if you wanted to add anything else, have social gatherings, watch TV (Youtube) and I hope more gets added in the next few months or so.The games part is very ambitious as there will be ALOT of minigames and places to explore in the plaza. But the main games will be in the arcade section which only a couple are available at the moment. BUT the one game I hate at the moment is Virus, it’s basically infected but quicker. Sometimes you’ll reach to a person which is a way to turn over to your side and even if you touch them sometimes you wouldn’t be able to turn them over to your team and end up getting shot. And one of maps has a good camping spot for the survivors which I find rather stupid and they are just getting free money for playing the game wrong.But all-in-all…BUY THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,394690,25861818,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Sui,golf is fun
,Recommended,394690,23319045,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,PillsStealer,"This is a great game.As someone who played gmod tower back in gmod, it brings back memories playing this game. With new updates, it creates new memories. I enjoy playing every minute of this game. Multiple gamemode means multiple fun! If it\'s from golfing to fighting the zombie horde. There\'s always something to do here!"
,Recommended,394690,22308350,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Janspach,This game is so amazing already and I have barely played it!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,394690,24831009,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,VinTheHero,"I bought this on the day of release and I absolutely love this game! The sound track, the games, the community! If you haven't already, PURCHASE THIS AMAZING GAME! I love you PixelTail Games for creating such an amazing game. I need to upgrade my computer to see the full beauty of this game.Any GMTower Veterans out there?"
76561198158881795,Recommended,394690,30110005,Posted: 22 February,all,M1ghtyBr14n,"Decent game for the price, Cool little minigames to play."
,Recommended,394690,23209029,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Joseph Stardust,"Ah, Tower Unite. A living, breathing alternate world where the only rules are Play, Create, and Party. Is it perfect...?YES!Tower Unite is essentially a Second Life game, where you create your own man, woman, boy, girl or even milk carton as your character and enjoy what the world has to offer. The Plaza is absolutely lively, the Tower itself is gargantuantly tall, the minigames are awesome and have an infinitely valuable replay factor, there's so much to buy, the condos can be incredibly well customized so that there are truly infinite combinations and permutations of decorations for everyone's condo.TU is one of the best social experiences since it went standalone from Garry's Mod Tower. It plays better, it looks better, and it hasn't lost any of the fun! I love it not because I transferred from GMT, but I also genuinely admire and respect Pixeltail Games for taking the big step of going standalone, as it truly has made the Tower experience a whole lot more enjoyable and lovable.UPDATE 1:Since the addition of the casino, boardwalk, trivia, bowling, monorail, more items, models, gamemode maps (and more), Pixeltail Games has proven that this game is not dead; that they truly care about the game just as much as we do, and that the community is what truly drives the progress of this title forward. I commend Pixeltail for their amazing hard work.UPDATE 2:With the release of the new 2017 trailer, PixelTail Games has shown how serious they want this game to thrive and live with the community. It showcases more than 30 updates, with several well-loved features that were added with them. These include the casino, monorail, trivia, boardwalk games, more gamemode maps, player models and decorative items. While the playerbase might be low, some (like myself) have stayed faithful, and with the 2017 Steam Summer Sale now in effect and the game is 30% off, it may introduce a whole new generation of Tower attendees for us to welcome and enjoy playing and socializing with!Stardust Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,394690,31807145,Posted: 17 May,all,tjhrulz,As someone who used to play on the old gmod sever its totally worth the money. While not everything on the old server is there yet the devs really seem to care and are doing a great job updating regularly and listening to feedback.
76561197995848467,Recommended,394690,32609359,Posted: 20 June,all,Bishop,Even better then it was back in 09.
,Recommended,394690,22347937,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,MahtXL,"Despite the thumbs up, im going to put cons on top as thats the most helpful part of a review, when a games in early access.Some computers may have trouble running this on even low settings. Its an alpha, to be expected, please be cautious if you  fall under minimum spec. (Even as someone well above recommended spec, the lobby can drop as low 25 to 30, which compared to gmt is normal anyways, just be careful, if you can wait, do so)Joining games through a lobby still boots you after 5 mins of ""waiting for host"" This most likely wont be a thing in a few days, which brings me to the reason for that and the pros section.PROS (aka this is what you all want to hear about right?)Ballrace is better than it ever was, looks, feels, plays better than GMT's offering.Minigolf is fun, but i ran into many issues playing with others (not being able to take a shot), solo was fine for me however, and was enjoyable.Virus is better than in gmt, it was one of my least fav modes in gmt but i can see it quickly rising up the ranks, it seems faster and the maps seem more fair. Hit detection for infecting someone still needs work, ive been on top of people our models touching my ping super low, and nope, they kill me, infection denied. Despite that, still a blast to play when the lobby fills up.Speaking of the lobby its all there and then some, Your basics currently work, and what doesnt work is coming soon.And lastly the team who brought us this game. The rate at which bug fixes and patches are dropping is almost in-human. I dont think they sleep. Seriously how do they even push content and fixes out this fast? Your money is safe here folks, early access may have been run through the mud in the past year, but dont let that tag stop you from hitting ""buy"" The team behind this has been and is working at light speed to deliver on their promises, and theres a certain passion you can feel behind everything, that kind of feeling you usually only get from nintendo games. And that can only come from a team that cares. See you in the tower."
,Recommended,394690,22540566,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sir Dabsalot,"Tower unite comes from an old garrysmod gamemode called Gmod Tower. Which ran for years upon years and i played every single second of it and i loved it.I backed this twice before it finally made it through and for being out for almost 3 weeks i have been nothing but impressed.For early access, there is plenty of things to do.MinigolfVirusBall Raceand more gamemodes to play with more coming!You can also make your own condo and hang out with friends in it or just make it look cool for yourself and just sit by yourself like a loner. : )"
,Recommended,394690,22490635,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,punkbunk,"It is okay. The Playermodels look bad and you can't really customize their height, weight, or hairstyle. The lobby is a little choppy. Also the condo is kinda lame. It is unlike the beauty in GMTower. However, I would recommend this game only because it is in Early Access and I believe that the developers will do Tower Unite good in the long run."
,Recommended,394690,22308849,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Chaspen,Good
,Recommended,394690,22461121,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Burre.png,"It's a fun game. and although it doesn't have that many features yet, the features it does have are amazing. If you loved GMT and need something to fill the GMT-size hole in your heart, Tower Unite is the game for you.Also ♥♥♥♥ the 18th hole on the Altitude course in minigolf."
76561198137541357,Recommended,394690,22810713,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The cool cat,"its a veary fun game but for now my pc is♥♥♥♥♥♥trying to get an upgrade soon ,but its a fantastic game way better then gmtower its veary fun mini games are amazing and omg the customizion is amazing 2 u can make ur condo (house) like yours in real life and charecter customazition for now is bad but this alpha or beta idk but defenetly recomed if u like meeting other friends to cuz i have a friend from gmtower now in irl so go a head do it! make ur dreams be real so just do it! yesterday you said tomorw so just do it!"
,Recommended,394690,22905569,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Legal Eagle,This game really allows you to express your true colors as an interior designer. The models for everything look REALLY realistic and sharp. (So does the game itself! Good work devs!)This game satisfies my OCD when decorating my condo and it's very rewarding when everything is in its place. 10/10wouldwillspend 150k+ Units on my condo again.
,Recommended,394690,31679206,Posted: 11 May,all,Cokewaffles,It's a requirement to have a porn room in your condo
,Recommended,394690,29271260,Posted: 15 January,all,drWoof,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME game.Get it.
,Recommended,394690,22484971,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ProDexorite,"Just a great product, followed by the really successful GM Tower mod that some of us may have played on Garry's Mod at some point. Imagine living in a great social lobby with lots of different activities, amazing people to have fun with and on top of that, use the money you've earned from doing various activities to customize your appearance, buy furniture to decorate a house of your dreams... Everything you had in GM Tower, but without the dumb UI of Garry's Mod and the limitations of the Source Engine.Even at this point, when there are just four minigames available for you to play, and most of the other acitivies yet to be seen (most of them are currently in development), this game is great, enjoyable and you can put in several hours on it.Bare in mind that it is still in a very early stage of development, most of the content is still ""Coming soon"" and you might find yourself having the game crashing in a middle of a ball race. Still, pretty well optimized to this stage, running on everything maximized.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,394690,22525023,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dookin Foof Lord,"Tower Unite isn't just a game, it contains large multiplayer games that you can enjoy with lots of players, each with its own gameplay and genre. Every bit of Tower Unite is full of online multiplayer fun. I loke playing ""Virus"" With my friends, the game may be in ""Early Access"" but i can see this will be a big hit on others form GMT ""Gmod tower""Love the game allrey Love mini glof and Virus there my favarote game-modesThe only thing i don't like is that is lagy but i bet that is my pc's folt :3Another thing is that i know it is ""EARLY ACCESS"" is still good to play & to spent a little spair time on the games.Dislikes - Laggy too bright mini golf is a bit buggy and the guns in virus over lap your screan i would like a setteng that you can have to stop th movement of the guns.Likes - Fun a lot of nice players at the start and alinall just Grate!"
,Recommended,394690,22442966,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Just a Scared TimeButt,"Laggy, but it is early access... That's all I have to say *floats away*"
76561198007617647,Recommended,394690,22910403,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,(Kpazz) Smokey Mcpot,"While there's not a whole lot of content for the game right now, what it has got is enough to have fun with a few friends. Playing Minigolf, Ball Race, Virus or Planet Panic to earn money (Units) to spend on doing up your own Condo or changing your appearence. This is a game that will only get better with the amount of stuff they are adding Like more Gamemodes, a Casino and an Arcade just to name a few. Overall Tower Unite is a great bit of fun and a game to Recommend(Y)"
,Recommended,394690,31033074,Posted: 8 April,all,WhErEs My EyEbRoWs,lit af
76561198025011405,Recommended,394690,31917518,Posted: 23 May,all,dward99,This game is amazing for anyone who was (or still is) a fan of Gmod Tower!
,Recommended,394690,23433660,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,CdnmCrrt,This game has the best community so far.
,Recommended,394690,22353366,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Roboticpizza,"I don't review games too much, this game is a 10/10"
,Recommended,394690,33722698,Posted: 22 July,all,✮Eternal✮,"Do you like to play with friends?Do you not have any friends?Do you like mini games?Do you like ham?Well! Guess what! I found the perfect game for you!Jk, ♥♥♥♥ off it's just a prank, JKDo you like to own a house?Do you like to buy stuff from credits that you earn from mini games?Well, get this game!#♥♥♥♥You"
,Recommended,394690,32126966,Posted: 2 June,all,Hamoud Habibi,basically gmod tower with more stuff
,Recommended,394690,34388085,Posted: 20 August,all,SkeleRay,"If you're a person who experienced GMod Tower, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,394690,28029643,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cryzis,casino is rigged tbh
76561198065485575,Recommended,394690,29729623,Posted: 5 February,all,Intelligentleman,Everyones got hentai in their condos.
,Recommended,394690,22320898,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Pete Delkus,"The only early access game that, with some stability patches, could literally be released as is."
,Recommended,394690,22342544,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zeo Mause,Great game! Just needs to expand much more and it will be perfect. I'd rate this 9.5/10!
,Recommended,394690,26422425,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,selling taco trail,I already have 120hours of playtime and i can still add more hentai to my condo
,Recommended,394690,26740744,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,hesh,"This game is seriously incredible, and I can't recommend it enough. It's super fun, well-designed, and has one of the nicest communities ever. It's pretty casual, but I find myself playing it for hours and hours on end, and there's so much more content to come!The developers are super involved and are honestly some of the best devs of any game I've ever played. They stream every other week and really listen to their community.I know alot of people that played gmod tower are hesitant to buy a whole game, but I seriously urge you to cough up the dough because this game is incredible.My new favorite game, 10/10"
,Recommended,394690,28104175,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Boxful,"You like partys?You like games?You like crippling gambling addictions?You like haveing fun with friends?Tower Unite is for you!The game is a party game at heart and does just that, this game is best played with friends and caually. The game has no micro-transactions as it is a pay-to-play, you get cash by playing the many gameworlds (As of me writing this there are 4 that are available and 1 being worked on) and the games around the plaza and you use cash for buying things for your condo (or house) and your avatar!This game is being worked on and has a lot to go, THERE IS NO REAL COMPETITIVE ASPECT OF THIS GAME dispite that some gameworld bit you against other players this game is not really that competitive, so if you came to WIN then go home.PROS:-Partys-Fun with friends-Good commutity-Tons of fun-Fully costom player home-Lots of memesCONS:-Unfinished-Matt is a♥♥♥♥♥♥-Crippling gambling-Planet Panic is trash-Soundtrack is $10 (CAD not USD) and not worth it-No competitive aspect to the game-Might not really be worth $17 (Again that's trash canadian cash so it's most likely $15 or something)"
,Recommended,394690,28250202,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Smokinhotpickles,Watched Lazy Town memes with half an entire server until it was 3 AM. 10/10
,Recommended,394690,28687418,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cheeseybrain  ✔,"I've been a big fan of GMT for a very long time and sunk far too many hours into it. This is an early access game right now which I doesn't let it down in my opinion, but it does leave me with a sense of lacking at the moment because of how good it's predecessor was. That's not to say that I don't enjoy this game, I simply haven't seen it's full potential yet. Defnitely one for the future though and I am eagerly looking forward to it's completion.I'd still give it a solid 8/10 as I love the minigolf, I'm just waiting for the other games to be released before I really start losing my life to this game."
,Recommended,394690,22323819,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fungus,"I have played some time of this game and this is my review.(Please keep in mind that this review was written when the game is under one day old and I will change it when its a bit older)Pros- Graphics are great- Audio is great- Game soundtrack is fantastic- Good graphic options- Good choice of furniture for your 'Condo'- Fun minigamesCons- No mouse sensitivty options (yet)- Small framerate drops sometimes- Lots of glitches and bugs- Some items are unfunctional/unfinishedConclusionIn conclusion I think the game is really worth buying. The 'Cons' of the game are not awful if you get my point and don't really change your game experience. If you were a fan of GMT then definetly buy this. This game is nearly exactly the same as GMT.If you played GMT before, don't worry about your items. Pixeltail have said that you will get your GMT back for Tower Unite in the future.Have fun playing the game!"
,Recommended,394690,25596176,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,weenie,Pretty good rn.
76561197967579488,Recommended,394690,28244049,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Donkey Ollie,Donkey approved
,Recommended,394690,28434702,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Spooky Man,"Tito♥♥♥♥♥♥""Dickman"" Baby!"
,Recommended,394690,28437620,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Radical,"8/9: This was a pretty lit game, from the fun minigames, to my Harambe body pillow, to the life-size John Cena PNG in my virtual shower, and to the demonic shrine of Danny DeVito in my basement.12/17: Tested out the Trivia, and I got a question for JoJo's Bizarre Adventure.  I'm an avid JoJo fan.  Thank you PixelTail. 10/10 game."
,Recommended,394690,22339092,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Another One.,"(I promise this is a review.)Edited 23/04/2016: 8 Patches in the 15 days since Launch!TL;DR Pick it up, it's only £11. It's certainly not perfectly playable, and key features are certainly missing, such as global voice chat muting (we had to leave a lobby while streaming from the ""banter"" in the background) but it's still a blast now, and will only improve in the future.I'm a long time GMT player since the almighty Yogs first made their videos about it. I fell in love with lobby 1, had literally the sickest apartment (I still have my screenshots lying around somewhere) and made so many friends through it.Then along came the opportunity as a donor to alpha/beta test lobby 2. The improvements that were made were astonishing, the outdoor explorable environments were such a huge change from what had become a slightly claustrophobic Lobby 1. Yet at Lobby 2's release, many planned features were still not available, and soon after came the news that Lobby 2 and the whole GMT mod was being transformed to a standalone game in Tower Unite.I missed out on the crowdfunding by 2 days, somehow it flew under my radar. But here it is now.Being Early Access the game is fairly buggy, as is to be expected. and the new Planet Panic is horrid for FPS lag.Then again, it's still the game I love, and I've already found people I remember from over 4 years ago! Minigolf and Ball Race outside of the few niggles I've had still feel like the game I know, but with a slight upgrade now. Unreal 4 is 50x better for this than the Source engine. Virus plays about 1000x better now for me. The Lobby looks even more beautiful in UE4, and at the launch of Lobby 2 I didn't think that would be possible.Other problems at the moment include a memory leak, a lot of areas not particularly optimised, and a lack of key bindings. (that will be fixed soon) However with their fast ability to patch the game, 8 patches within 15 days of EA release, problems are quickly being ironed out and new content becoming available. Problems I've noted here before that are now fixed include, object interaction in 3rd person, inability to connect to plazas/game hosts and being unable to hit the ball in minigolf, causing in a penalty.I'll be updating this as my opinion changes hopefully (if I remember)"
76561198042074299,Recommended,394690,28003924,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr.SuperMistic,"(I nominated this game for the Steam Awards under the Game Within A Game category.)Note: This game is in early access, so this review may be subject to change after the early access is over.Tower UniteTower Unite is a game about meeting up with friends, playing with friends, and making new ones in the process. Following the closing of Gmod Tower, Tower Unite was released as a spiritual successor to it. As such, most of the community from that game carried over to this one.Pros:Amazing community and awesome amount of effort put in by the devs.Beautiful and extensive plaza map.Lots of room for creativity in condos.Cons:Slow development of the game because of the small dev team.Lack of content for the game (early access).Lag and ping issues (again, early access).ConclusionOverall, Tower Unite is a great experience-- albeit a buggy one. I'd reccomend you get this game after the early access is over, however if you get it now, don't expect it to be the final game."
,Recommended,394690,29568140,Posted: 29 January,all,Love,Furry Weeb Brony Simulator.
,Recommended,394690,28650245,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,It's Mishka,My boyfriend wanted me to buy this so we can play itBought itDidn't like it much and refunded itThought I would give it a second chance because I wanted to play something with himBought it againHe broke up with me10/10Edit 23/4/17Bought it again because of new updates and new friends to play it... it's really a lot of fun!
76561198073602379,Recommended,394690,25574802,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Windows Vista,Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!! Wheel of... money!!! Wheel... of money!!!
,Recommended,394690,22331944,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Joshaloo,"If you've played GmTower and enjoyed it, then this might be for you :)It has a lot of bugs right now, but to me it looks like it has a lot of potential :3And i'm sure the dev team will sort everything out :)When it works, it's really fun :D"
,Recommended,394690,28545719,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Swaggo,I wanna die
,Recommended,394690,31457294,Posted: 30 April,all,Jacob's Optical Stairway,"In this game, you can:Befriend fur♥♥♥♥Be an edgelordSay ""white power"" constantlyPut disgusting images all over your houseListen to music/watch videos in your house or at the theaterI fit right in because I'm a toxic piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥who likes being edgy, if you consider yourself someone who likes more tame, civil communities, however, stay far away from this game, because you will not find any trace of that here.Pros:A petite-but-charming virtual world, plenty of things to keep you occupiedFun community (this is more of a personal thing, again, if you belong in civil communities, you will hate this game)Very little, maybe no consequences for your behavior (I haven't seen anyone banned for their actions, at least not yet, and trust me, people like to act up in this game)No microtransactions/other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tGood housing system, lots of furniture and customization optionsAutismCons:Mini games are utter garbageClunky building/positioning in housesGame still needs more features to keep people entertained, even though you will most likely be satisfied by the current contentGambling system is kinda unfair (realistically gambling IRL is unfair, but this is a game, and gambling is a primary source of income in Tower Unite, so it should be a bit easier)Optimization is badI feel Tower Unite is a really good virtual world, definitely worth the 15 dollars. Needs a bit more polishing, and the mini-games need to improve, but other than that this is definitely worth a play. If you like social games and don't mind toxicity, Tower Unite is for you."
76561198072803092,Recommended,394690,30999616,Posted: 7 April,all,Maui,"Pros / Content of the game:-Minigames (Trivia, Shooting game, Bowling e.t.c. and more on the way).-Game modes (Minigolf, Ball race, Virus, Planet panic, Little crusaders and more on the way).-Your own customizable House (condo), (New condos are scheduled to come out soon).-Customizable character (Skeleton, Milk Carton, Male, Female and many accessories).-Large Plaza (Casino, Rollercoaster, Fishing in the future and exploration on new islands).Cons:-In minigolf some holes are broken but they're going to fix them.-In ball race when you're trying to turn, the floor seems like it's made from ice. The result is as expected :slippery as ♥♥♥♥This game is one of my favorites and i recommend it to anyone who's searching for something different and unique.10/10"
76561198151259657,Recommended,394690,30382548,Posted: 7 March,all,GamerBaconBro,10/10 Best Game Ever
,Recommended,394690,23384866,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Web-Mang,I started a cult in my basement. Hail Fieri.EDIT: OH BOY IM A HIGH ROLLER NOW THE CASINO IS LIT FAM
,Recommended,394690,31213852,Posted: 18 April,all,mystic,"how to play tower unite in 10 easy steps1. start your condo2. ""what am i gonna do with all these rooms?""3. use up all the rooms within the hour4. build more rooms5. repeat 2-46. think about what you are doing with your life7. you need more rooms8. rooms9. you can never have enough rooms10. help"
,Recommended,394690,27902993,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,theantidavis,"I was initially disappointed by this release, but with the addition of bowling and the casino, I can finally recommend this game to anyone looking for a casual social game."
76561198055541443,Not Recommended,394690,35453737,Posted: 3 October,all,Gruuno,Being one of the original Gmod Tower players this makes me kind of sad to see.The game isn't that bad in itself. But the problem i have is that it's dead basically.Do not get this game if you live anywhere else than america. Or unless you have 2-3 people to play with you.Most of the servers are empty so playing any minigames to earn money is pretty much impossible. And most of them reguire 3-5 players to even start the game.Do i recommend this game?Yes i guess if you live in the America then i guess this game could be worth 15$But if not? Don't buy this. Only buy it if it goes on sale. So there might be more people actually playing and you could actually maybe even play the game.
,Recommended,394690,22308269,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SdjK,The next 168 hours of my life will disapear unlike my everlasting virginity. 10/10 would reccomend to everyone.
,Not Recommended,394690,25852064,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Fluffy Ram,"An early access game, that has items in it that are early access.GMTower was a social hangout/minigamey place/etcetera that played a quite entertaining purpose in the Garrysmod community back in 2012. All was good and fine then...till the developers decided otherwise.Enter Tower unite, a half finished mess with less content than the original, and that one has been killed already.The tower bases itself around the casino, and nothing else. The games are still there, yet nobody plays them.The 'optimization' the game has is nonexistant as it seems to drop in frames severely in places without explaination.The game is severely inconsistent, and the lackluster of content hurts bad, because half of the items have the dreaded ""UNFINISHED"" tag to them.Not to mention their ""transfer"" service. Being a long-time tower fan, i was expecting much more than a handful of units in a destroyed economy (see casino update) and a 'collector's items' that have as much weight as a bag of doggie doodoo.Untill the developers get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, no matter your expectations. WAIT and SEE."
76561198015993636,Recommended,394690,30848703,Posted: 31 March,all,Shocket,Mini Golf and gambling. who needs anything else? 6/10
,Recommended,394690,23009696,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DazZle Cerberus,ONE OF US
,Not Recommended,394690,22560866,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Kokonoe,"May change the review after they get out of Early Access after fixing the issues.Game is, as they put it in game, ""very early access"", and buggy, and also very limited in what you can currently do. Lots of games aren't working because the devs haven't finished the games.Lots of items do not work, or are buggy. Most hilariously is the size changing potions, which can make you clip through the map and fall into the abyss if you switch between the potions incorrectly. The game is currently a glitchy mess so if I were to go through all of them here, it'd be several paragraphs.One thing that isn't a glitch and more of poor networking is hosting for the minigames. Rather have dedicated servers for the minigames, the minigames make someone in the game actually host the game. Every game I've been connected to has an unacceptable amount of ping, which really affects games like Ball Race where the littlest mistake can cost you the  level. I thought ""Okay, so I'll host these things instead"". I had the same amount of issues with hosting with my friends, who live pretty close to me. I have an average of 80 megabytes of upload and download, and this sort of thing shouldn't be happening. Why can't we have dedicated game servers instead?Ignoring the glitches and all the stuff that is not in the game yet, the unreal 4 engine is garbage. Looks pretty for sure but otherwise it's a downgrade from the source engine which is about 14 years old by now.As of right now, I feel that leaving GMod Tower and the Source engine behind was a mistake.  I hope the developers prove me wrong eventually."
,Not Recommended,394690,25588355,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Untraced,"Don't get me wrong, I loved GMT and I hope Tower Unite becomes as good. But right now the game runs poorly even on my 980ti(By poorly I mean 40fps average everywhere, can only imagine it's terrible for any other cards except the 10 series). The only minigame that anyone plays or is even worth playing right now is minigolf. Reason being that the networking is horrible so if the game relies on it heavily(Like every game but minigolf) then it is obnoxious to play. The casino was recently released and we've seen a boom of players because of it. Down side though is that they only come for the casino and nothing else, you'll be hard set to find someone to play a minigame with you still, regardless of the player boom. Even THEN, they only want the slot machines, almost nobody plays texas hold'em, trivia, or typing derby.Now this is somewhat of a personal problem more than anything, but the odds for the slot machines are so skewed atm that getting the jackpot on a machine is as likely as getting one on a real slot machine. Which is to say you'll never get the jackpot(Grand quest is the only exception). I spend around 35 hours straight on Wheel of Money without getting a single jackpot, and around 5 hours straight on tripple diamonds before I got booted off for being afk once I decided to urinate(My machine was promptly stolen as soon as I got booted off).Because of all this I can't reccomend this game right now. Once the devs release better networking and little crusaders, then I might consider changing this to a reccomend, but I'd feel bad if I were to be the deciding factor of someone purching this game in it's current state."
,Recommended,394690,23479168,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Spook Gasm,I sexually identify as a carton of milk.
,Recommended,394690,33967952,Posted: 2 August,all,P౦౦,"Trust me, when you fire tower unite up, your little ♥♥♥♥ing nuts are gonna start quakin’, buddy. Your little nuTS are gonna be QUakin’. ͜YEe͢e͟E̛AH, YE͏EEE͝E̷AA̶A̡A͜AH͝!͠!!̛ Y̶E͠EE̵E҉EE͞E͟E͏E͘AAÀA̧A͟A̵H̡!!!!̧!̨! Yo̧Ư'r҉E gO͟n͜N҉a ̢SḩOo͠ C̡UUU̴M!͜!͘!͘ Y̨OU͠'̨RE ̴GO̕N͟NA͠ S̢H̛OO̷T…̛ ̢C͏UU͞UMMmm!!…You’re gonna shoot Hͩ̈́̎͛͝OT̛̹̮͇̹̙ ͩ̒̆ͧ̚C̗̦̠̝̎̌̈̊ͣỦ̼̱̑Ȗ͎̬̳̙̦̩͞U̡͕͈̜̜̠ͧͭ͐̀ͬ̀Ṷ̪̭̠̲̹̩̽̎Mͣ̈́̊͐1̯̃͊!̮͖̦̞̻́̆ͪ̾̽ͯ1̼̘̠̇̋ͤͪ͝1͎̣̪͈͚̜̿ͦ̇͘1̯͍̊ ̱̣̼͖̅̂̍̎ͮE͒V̭̞͎̪̜̘̬͆ͧ̾̒̄ͤ͠E̟̟͈̮ͮ̓̾R͇͓̖̯̰̖̀ͬ̏Y͕̌̽̂͆̈́̍̅W̢̟̩̿ͮͯ̾̒ͣ̑H̘̦͙̻̥̊̆̊Ḛ̳̯̼̙̏R̮̟̼ͮͩE!̓ͪ…And that’s a- that’s a promise. That’s a promise, folks. That’s a ♥♥♥♥in’ promise right there. You’re gonna shoot ♥♥♥♥in’ hot ♥♥♥♥ all over your computer, all over your mechanical keyboard and your Razer mouse."
,Not Recommended,394690,22381738,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,chicken,"In it's current state I'd say no, when it's fully completed and out of early access then maybe, yes."
,Recommended,394690,25821497,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kikilicious,"Tower Unite somehow reminds me of another online game. A very old one about 8-9 years back. It's a community game in which its main objective is to bring strangers to do some activities together. In which, Tower Unite has secceeded in doing so at a certain level. But I know it could go higher than this. Their concept of mini games such as Mini Golf is crazily interesting. If this kind of golf game actually exists in the real world, I would burn the course. No offense. ;)Still looking forward to future updates for more things to do. These days I'm just wasting my time (and in-game money) in a casino. :p"
,Recommended,394690,24640186,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,King David ︻デ═一,good memories of gmod tower
,Recommended,394690,22758163,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Fossils,"So, the after this was released (april 9th) i found out by TU and i was waiting for like years since GmodTower was the best gamemode i ever knew about.Having a bad day? GMT will cheer you up with the most amazing friendly peopleHaving a bad day? TU has exactly the same community as GMTthe people are nice friendly (sometimes weird) anwser your questions when you dont get it or your newit's amazingi made a little pros and cons list to let you see what i find of the gamePROS+Amazing community+Very pretty graphics+Very good map design on the minigames+9/10 people arent trolling ( tho i dont suggest going to the theatre untill the vote skip button is added)+have i mentioned how pretty the game is?+in-depth condo customization+*kinda* in-depth character customization (also if you cant decide if your a woman or a man they have a *special* character just for you! )CONS-no optimizations (i know they are trying their but then again its early acces give the devs time)-some rare glitches (but its still early acces so ignore this one really)^        ^         ^                    ^                          ^Best pros and cons list ever for a game in early accesalso the devs have a roadmap that you can vote on or even suggest your own thingstheyre also open for bug hunters"
,Recommended,394690,29512774,Posted: 26 January,all,fug,it ok
76561198214361155,Recommended,394690,32538396,Posted: 18 June,all,Hurricane Maria,You will never win the jackpot
76561198107474353,Recommended,394690,28887870,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,smellypie24,"its fun, with all the bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the casino is deadly. dont go there. youll be sucked in for eternity"
,Recommended,394690,33159430,Posted: 2 July,all,e-bully 🍨,"if ur in a long distance relationship, get this.if you don't have any friends, get this.if you have a gambling addiction, get this.if you can't afford your own place, get this.if you don't wanna go out, get this."
,Recommended,394690,23412039,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sir E,Great game with great potential!
,Recommended,394690,32939014,Posted: 28 June,all,Gaw,"Pretty much an improved version of GMOD Tower. Very fluid movement, super accessible menus and fast load times. All of the games are fun, and there is already a ton of customization. You can pretty much build your condo how you want to. Steam inventory support, awesome casino. Somehow there are no microtransactions too!Highly recommended."
76561198042398656,Recommended,394690,31913143,Posted: 22 May,all,Skamper  Gunallen,"A very important note to remember when buying this game is that the publishes accidentally placed the title ""Tower Unite"" when really this game is named ""Minigolf simulator"". Do not be fooled, this game has nothing more to it then minigold, everything else is just a mistake."
,Recommended,394690,31901240,Posted: 22 May,all,Barry Potter,"I developed an addicition to bowling, pls send help."
,Recommended,394690,22375209,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,JE_Dmng,"It was super buggy at first, but the amount of updates this game got in 4 days is astounding! Of course, there are still some issues. But, with the speed of the devs, I won't be surprised if they fix a lot in one week."
76561198039071246,Recommended,394690,23590999,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Death Angel The Sexy Wizard,Nothing is stopping you from covering the walls with porn in your condo. 10/10
,Recommended,394690,32111993,Posted: 1 June,all,MeaTheMeme,Great game! Wish there was more players though.
,Recommended,394690,32361014,Posted: 12 June,all,PurpleHeart,Another fun game to play with friends
,Recommended,394690,31727959,Posted: 13 May,all,Link_7953,frame rate all over the place with vsync on and 60fps lock
,Recommended,394690,31775976,Posted: 15 May,all,Spoopy Gavin,"Tower unite is a rather good game, i really liked GMOD Tower, so this is just the cool version of it!Reccomended for people who like to socialize or like to gamble. (gambling is easy)Pros:-Many things to do (and more to come!)-Pretty easy to earn money, unlike ripoffs *cough cough* roblox *cough cough*-Media players (good for trolling)-Diverse section of items to choose fromCons:-Framerate (My computer usually runs like a gods tears)-Graphics can cause seizures-Furries have♥♥♥♥♥♥rep on this game-You can have an anuerism on the toilets (not really)"
76561198131015969,Recommended,394690,31760568,Posted: 14 May,all,DrPepper,"Tower Unite is a standalone game version of Gmod Tower,it has many of the same features,but some are missing and some are new. If you played Gmod Tower and liked it,you should definitely buy this! But if you never played it,I recommend waiting until it comes out of Early Access. It has many optimization issues and some things are unfinished. It's a great game but might not be worth it at the moment becuase of performance issues and lack of some features."
,Recommended,394690,32078056,Posted: 30 May,all,Mächtig Kartoffel,I became addicted to virtual minigolf
,Recommended,394690,29858326,Posted: 11 February,all,ιτsᴍᴇᴊᴏsʜιᴇ,"Great gameBad communityFull of bad fandoms, Why can't there be a normal condo for once?Even lobbies, there's anime kids all over, which is ruining the gamePlease do a search filter"
,Recommended,394690,24233750,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,H!redgoon,This Game has amazing potential. Very Fun minigames runs very well. graphics are decent. cant wait to see this game expand further. fully reccomended all we need now is more players. theres always enough people to play with but we could with more
,Recommended,394690,23129764,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ninjascoot147,"A virtual reallity world where you meet new friends and play minigames, do theater things and alot more while its on early acess try buying it. you might not regret it :D"
,Recommended,394690,23437311,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Insanity_C,4 Steps to become depressed:1. Buy and fire up Tower Unite2. Spend 40 hours grinding 400k for a fudging underwater condo3.  Go to casino4. Waste all your money and get depressed.
76561198029185126,Recommended,394690,28843654,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ScrobblesTheLastFM,is lit
,Recommended,394690,23147829,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,𝓜𝔂𝓷𝓢𝔃𝔁,I missed gmod tower so much.
,Recommended,394690,28524731,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Raven,"Do it for the badge.Also, mini-golf is fun."
,Recommended,394690,25542280,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Goldfish_Vender,Falls asleep while playing Triple Diamonds >Wins 290k jackpotEZ money
,Recommended,394690,29128085,Posted: 8 January,all,Justice 88 [NL],"Played a minigame for some cash, then i walked straight to the casino, made some extra cash, spinned the casino wheels, and won some potato's.11/10Would spin again."
,Recommended,394690,22335797,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Rogue,yes
,Recommended,394690,22335272,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Duane_,"I'm amazed they kept to their set date and are constantly on-top of bug fixes. I'm Lovin' it, and excited to see what the future updates bring!"
,Recommended,394690,22349726,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jakerro ll Unlucky Bastard,"This game is amazing! I truly believe this game has so much room for potential, however I do have an issue when it comes to the huge amount of lag it has even with my settings turned to the lowest. Now for those of you that say that this game should have been released when it wasn't in early access, but I think they wanted to make it open to the public so that they could see what players would think about the game as well as find a few bugs and glitches that went unnoticed and help increase the performance. So just please give this game some time, and eventually this game will be worth the money and wait."
,Recommended,394690,22344711,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Infectionz,ITS GREAT
,Recommended,394690,22340057,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nicolai,"Bug fixes like... every day, man."
76561198087383138,Recommended,394690,23390539,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Lazz,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198121011327,Recommended,394690,23382377,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Joeflash1,I would reccomend this game for people who have good internet connections
76561198197495171,Recommended,394690,23386242,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,duckgmr,Man like sims but better
,Recommended,394690,22981595,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Trident,"It is a great game except for some flaws which kinda ruin it for meHeres the list of flaws :* The hats dont properly sit on the head (few exceptions)* The gamemodes feel unfinished*The Character Customization is minimal you can only change the color of your outfit and makeup haircolor etc. You cn change your outfit but its preset, And theres no Facial Features to edit.* Servers seem to lag Although i live far away it lags  too much and i have seen EU players and a few US players have 100ping and above (0n the Official Server)*  When you are in game the host is an actual plaeyr not a server domain owned by Pixeltail this ruins games such as Virus because lets say you have 3 players who live in Hong Kong and the Host is from Hong Kong they will have less ping than the rest and then this basically ruins the game for the others.Pros:* Its enjoyable i have played it all day for a bout 7 hours its great to pass time* It is introducing some new features that GmodTower didnt have before and if you were a fan of GmodTower than you would enjoy this.* The game doesnt lag anymore (fps lag) and the engine is way better.* It isnt on GMOD anymore so you know what that means, no limitations!* Its still in Early Access and loads of stuff ahead of us.* You do not need to unlock rooms from the Condos anymore* The editing of Condos are updated and theres new decorations for it such as a the Frames where you can make ur own paintings and posters out of images from online* The gamemodes are still enjoyable and still have the same features as GMODTower.Overall i believe this game is average its Early Access so it is a work in progress, I have played alot of it and it is quite delightful to play it is great for passing time. But some of the bugs and cons of the games may bug you a bit. (no puns intended)"
,Recommended,394690,29325776,Posted: 17 January,all,Jambers,I made 6000 units from a single game of bowling and then wasted them all in the casino.10/10 Would waste 2 hours again.
76561198093203404,Recommended,394690,34388447,Posted: 20 August,all,(°__°   ),Love it👍
76561198093426149,Recommended,394690,30288692,Posted: 2 March,all,KnowingHorizon0,Club Penguin for adults.
,Recommended,394690,26512051,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Zerp_Captain,"Many people say this game isn't for people who played Gmod Tower. But as one of them myself i say that is wrong. I loved that game and I cryed when it had to go. I remember a lot of my friends i had and i still do have. That game hit a nerve with 1000s of players hell 100000000s this game was not like halo, Call of Duty, or battlefield it was not trying to get money like those games. All it waited to do was make people happy give people who were thinking of killing themselves a reason to live Make a community of good people and most of all just let people have fun. You didn't need to buy Xbox Live, You needed no DLC (even dow you needed counter strike souce and TF2 but TF2 is free and counter stike souce is cheap) you just needed one game GMOD and there you go a game with game community unlike any other. It wasn't a cheap grab for money by the company NO it was just a game looking to give you something fun to do. So to restate my starting words This game is for people who played Gmod Tower. And its for everyone no matter the race, skin, place of birth, age, gender (there is only 2 you werid ♥♥♥♥s) or the place in which they live in. So to put it into smaller words this game is for everyone, And I HIGHLY recommend this game. Sure it may have its bugs and cheaters but give it a chace just like me and million another people did with it and Gmod Tower. ZERP_CAPTAIN OUT!"
76561198118240131,Recommended,394690,22544396,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Chris,♥♥♥♥ minigolf
,Recommended,394690,22538830,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Alpha,This is agreat game to play with friends. PLz optimize a bit more and make some items and world detail less shiny.
,Recommended,394690,22550515,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,They call me Jesus,"It currently is buggy and unfinished, but it still is an amazing game. The devs are extremely kind people and are going to be adding to it a lot. Think of Second-Life with a great community and fun gamemodes. There are no microtransactions, no DLC, or anything like that. Very good successor to GMoD Tower."
,Recommended,394690,22904593,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lvl. 34 Social justice warrior,"Throughout the whole game you'll find interesting peopleFor example i was walking through the plaza and i was caught by the weaboo police checking if i was American or JapaneseYou'll also do ""interesting"" things you might never do like spend an hour looking for body pillows for your own apartmentFinally the game is frequently updated and they even show you a plan for what is coming out that very month"
76561198072296324,Recommended,394690,29547710,Posted: 28 January,all,BGAMERMAX,Very fun game and creative all it needs is more game modes to be finished and some things fixed like building houses and that but is good
,Recommended,394690,29548299,Posted: 28 January,all,dbl4k,"There's something for everyone in this package, quite hard to define exactly what it is.imagine you're in a town centre full of sideshows and attractions you can just walk up to and play with other people bowling, trivia competitions, typing speed contests, a casino with poker tables and various slot machines.Then there's the games, which range from crazy golf to a sort of competitive simultaneous monkeyball-like thing.When you play all these games, you earn in-game credits which you can then spend on sofas, decorations, youtube-playing TV's/projectors.Then you can place these around your own private condo, which is like an instanced apartment that you can invite people in to look around (I notice you can buy different condos with in-game credits)It's a great game to play to reduce stress levels or when you're watching TV, doesn't feel ultra-competitive and doesn't demand as much constant full-on focus as most other multiplayer games which is nice for a change.I notice there's a few building and attractions that are marked as opening soon (laser tag, some sort of arena) so these will be cool to see. There's a lot in here already but I hope they keep adding extra stuff to it, the sheer diversity of different activities to try is the core strength of this title."
,Recommended,394690,25832291,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Winrar Dinrar,Casino Boyz
,Recommended,394690,26002001,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TurtlePilot,"Loving this game so far, a very chill game to play when you just want to relax. Currently only 4 minigames to play however, once all the new ones come out it's going to be a ton of fun! Worth the money? Yes! of course."
,Recommended,394690,29264282,Posted: 14 January,all,»Kodrazz,"6 days 85 hours with 3 all nighters fml, casino simulator confirmed"
,Recommended,394690,28728187,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,༺ 𝓑𝓻𝓲𝓬𝓴 ༻,"Awesome game, lots to do and always being updated."
,Recommended,394690,23190966,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,cucumbercat,hoo boy minigolf is such a great game i definitely don't want to die everytime i play it :^)
,Recommended,394690,22411022,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Nobaddy,pretty fun
76561198055428390,Recommended,394690,32888008,Posted: 27 June,all,Hypothetically A Muslim,wat is this game ;-;
76561198207954873,Not Recommended,394690,23657979,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Freaky,"Going into this game I had a lot of fun. With friends this game is an absolute blast, I know it was for me. This game, however; very quickly falls shot of conent and the playerbase isent there to even play the current games. The content dev's are moving at a awefully show rate leaving what little content they currently have to be the entire game of Tower Unite. For this very moment I would say no, do not buy this game in early access, there are much better compleate games for $15. If this game ever leaves this 'Early Access' stage I belive it will be a game worth your time and money."
,Recommended,394690,23327750,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Xaymar,"It\'s Gmod Tower but in better. What else is there to explain? Oh right.The Game itself is polished quite well, considering it is a continuation of GMT - but it is massively better in terms of quality and latency. It doesn\'t yet have everything, but it\'s getting there.Most of the games run at solid 60 or higher fps (averages around 77) with Ball Race dropping it to the lowest at 12 fps on the GLXY map.IF you\'re wondering what Engine is used, it\'s Unreal Engine 4. It even ships with the .uproject file for it, so modding may be a possibility in the future?"
76561198071985751,Recommended,394690,22530304,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,RLPD I ProximityKill,"I left the train station and was greated by two french men who barely spoke english. Upon there greating they asked me to get into a bed in a fernishing store. So i jumped onto the bed and showed em my best moves. They applauded and ask if i had any money. I replied by saying ""im poor"" which they didnt understand so i kept walking. Finally i got home, turned my computer on, and started playing Tower Unite.10/10 learned more french then in my french class :D"
,Recommended,394690,22542388,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Hurricane,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing funi saw a milk carton with a jetpack commit suicide in the ocean11/10
,Recommended,394690,22435631,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,unlessimwrong,dont buy in its current state
,Recommended,394690,22544310,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Super Mario,"""10/10 DOESN'T LAUNCH ON WINDOWS 7"" - Someone with Regular Windows 7""10/10 LAGS MORE THAN GMOD TOWER"" - Someone that didn't change detail settings and has a bad computer""10/10 Doesn't launch on Windows 7, and it lags like hell."" - Super Mario"
,Recommended,394690,22817476,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,boomstick boy,my friends madefun of me when i bough tthis game
,Recommended,394690,33457815,Posted: 11 July,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡kittykrampus,10 dollar keyboard midi software.
,Recommended,394690,22891599,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Barbaric Space Whale,"Probably one of my favorite ways to hang out with others online, this game's a mixed social simulator/architectural game/minigame mashup that always has something for you to do.Most of the time you'll probably spend playing games like the Monkey Ball-inspired Ball Race or the zombie game Virus in order to get Units. You then use the currency to get anything in the game, like clothes, furniture for your condo, or maybe a pet melon to follow you around. There's no microtransactions, and any way of progressing is a ton of fun!My favorite thing about this game is the casual environment the players have towards the game. It rarely gets serious or toxic, and everybody has a blast playing whatever games they want. Checking out people's condos and their dakimakuras is fun too (yes there are dakimakuras, don't judge).This is a game that desperately needs more players, even if it's just big enough to have a small party on demand whenever you want. Be warned that it's still in early access, and has a lot of features that have yet to be implemented, but it's still very much worth it for the time you'll have (and spend)."
,Recommended,394690,31667447,Posted: 10 May,all,MakkeBa,The game is just amazing! But the casino is kinda broken becouse you can eearn money while being afk and its even more effective than normal ways to get money
,Recommended,394690,34048273,Posted: 5 August,all,Aces LightningSpeed_7™,I am so ♥♥♥♥ing hooked.I go in my mind ball race is so boringI play itI think DOSH INCOMMING wait thats the wrong hameI have 30-50kI am being screamed at cuz i am picking up all the mellonsI tell them i need the moneyI go to the plazaI buy allot of stuffI start decorating my condoI play more ball raceI get screamed at even moreI sell some items i wanna replaceI start decorating my condo againAt this point i am going to try to get my self self an expensive condo
,Recommended,394690,33127983,Posted: 2 July,all,Woah,I was so excited that this game came out that i had a heart attack and died10/10 best game
,Recommended,394690,24816932,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Pixelania,Very good for an early access game with updates containing bug fixes and additions to the game.I Expect much more in the future.
,Not Recommended,394690,22723863,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,๖Flanko,"i played it for about half an hour and the game is completely unplayable, everything is just green and burning my eyes outhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=675772014sure its early access, but it needs to be somewhat playable to be released to the public, right?"
76561198060229669,Recommended,394690,32743648,Posted: 24 June,all,Fugazi Nword From Benghazi,play it if u wanna get hard with ur buds
,Not Recommended,394690,31875116,Posted: 20 May,all,Your Mum Gay,"although the games are fun and the abilities are endless, the community in this game is far from what it used to be, jsut a bunch of children going to steam profiles and harrasing them because they lost in mini gold or ballrace. this game isnt competative and people cannot see that, they are constently saying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(which btw requires context like hate speech, saying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥isnt racist) but just alot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t comes out of this community"
,Recommended,394690,30968817,Posted: 5 April,all,t.Minimal,"Well , i accidentally saw this game on steam store today , i was really looking for something like this  and my conclusion about the game is :-IT NEEDS MORE ADVERTISING !-it needs advertising !-advertising !-Even if i met some bugs in few hours i played continuously because there was not a reason not to play it further as you dont have a fixed goal .-that Wheel of Money spin it freaking jumps from the prizes , NEED TO BE SOLVED !-alot of features in developementGOOD GAME overall , just needs more advertising !"
76561198116161847,Recommended,394690,31550667,Posted: 4 May,all,DeportTrump,Just waiting for an update........................................................
76561198297110021,Recommended,394690,32293389,Posted: 9 June,all,Jewsiph,This is a great game that I think everybody should at least try once and for $15 I don't see how you could go wrong.
76561198151939983,Recommended,394690,23398785,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Small,Very good game ;D
76561198040925159,Recommended,394690,31167396,Posted: 15 April,all,Ladiesman111,Fun game
76561198292658338,Recommended,394690,26265809,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kylie Ebba,Nice
,Recommended,394690,27776180,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,McSpanky's Employee of the Month,good
,Recommended,394690,27848605,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drift_Fosewell,"If you like saying to yourself ""why am I not doing this in real life"" this game is for you."
,Recommended,394690,27878782,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anime is Trash,Video blackjack botting simulator 2016Get tons of MoneyShow off wealthrelize everyone else is doing same thing and has Same itemsPlay minigolf with friends
76561198305384291,Recommended,394690,27894832,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,STYXGAMER,"Early access. My Best Friend from High School showed me this, so I bought it and we played a lot of Mini Golf."
,Recommended,394690,28586570,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Human Thot Detector™,"If they keep adding new stuff, this really will never get old. The laughs you can get from people in the server are already worth the price. Plus, all the customizebility of the game is amazing. Thats if you dont gamble away all the money you worked on."
,Recommended,394690,22327307,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,pepetrumpster69,"Lacks content and bugs, but what's in at the moment is really solid. I wouldn't purchase it juuust yet, but definitely keep it on your watchlist."
,Not Recommended,394690,22391451,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Lubricant Jam,"I like the game and it's concept but it is way too buggy to even be classed as an Alpha.The game crashed about 13 times for me in the span of the probably 40-50 mins I played(?) and all for different reasons.There is also a bug with the Virus gamemode where people can glitch onto benches and what not, and also on some maps your whole game freezes giving you a disgusting noise to listen to waiting for it to unfreeze.The game isn't very well optimized even though I get about 120 FPS, you still get the very frequent FPS drops (when I streamed for a tad it was much worse obviously). I can understand it is not optimized etc due to it being a very early release but I still think it should've stayed in access for the people that helped fund it.I'd love to buy this game again when much more features are out and has all its bug fixes. I see that the Dev Team are actively rolling out updates which is amazing but I've got to give it a negative rating until it improves."
,Recommended,394690,26410033,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Salot,CASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINODINOSAURCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINOCASINO
76561198121885212,Recommended,394690,26752502,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,nub,gg
,Recommended,394690,27723211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SomthnGamr,It works
76561198120076485,Recommended,394690,26182301,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mr.Cabbage4.2.0☆,"this game is good,that's it."
,Recommended,394690,26524012,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,3rdRangers | ＧＥØＲＧＥＤ11,Very guud game :)
,Recommended,394690,27751018,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Simba™,If this game was a real person i'd make sure it never leaves me... 8)
,Recommended,394690,27770415,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Minion204,love this game can play it all day
,Recommended,394690,27777053,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fat Asian Cunt,"Wow! Where do I even begin...If you haven't already known, Tower Unite is the successor to a Garry's Mod server named Gmod Tower, it was intended to welcome people with open arms and have as much fun as possible, Tower Unite has managed to accomplish what it's predeccessor has done, people are playing, having fun, and most of all just being friendly towards one another, and with a new engine and features that weren't ever in Gmod Tower, this game is really worth it if you're looking for a smile and some fun"
76561198148370378,Recommended,394690,27863617,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jimmy Jofflejaggs,You can have a pet melon............need I say more?!!!!!!
,Recommended,394690,28024960,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fruits Punch Samurai,I thought they were joking about there being customizable full body pillows. I feel ashamed to be the not so proud owner of one now.
,Recommended,394690,28053477,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[Vomistar]joaqvelez,"Even when the game has many bugs, and most of the content has a future release date, the game its very funny to play with your friends, because of the interaction during the minigames. It lacks of lots of players, in its best day you can find 30 people in 1 lobby, but as soon as you host your own server of minigolf or virus you can get full server easily with people around the world. Casino and the sandbox are great just as the minigames as well"
76561198050085494,Recommended,394690,28451186,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,anxietydecending,It's good and it keeps getting better.Until they added the casino and now it doesn't matter how good the games are because it's just a pre-amble for sitting like a zombie in front of the slot machines and pulling the handle like a trained hamster trying to get a food pellet.Also the wheel of prizes is great for getting potatoes and not much else.Hope you like potatoes.I mounted mine on the wall of my condo like a big game hunter but for fries.
,Recommended,394690,25589878,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sighless,*TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *TRIP* *HEAL* *DEFEND*
,Recommended,394690,26107210,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ThePlebyPleb,I love this. Well.. not love. But I like it a lot.
,Recommended,394690,27992504,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fynox,"What can I say?I got VIP on Gmod Tower and after so little time in this standalone title...I'm stunned. Seriously top grade stuff right here.Pro's- FANTASTIC visuals- FANTASTIC gameplay- TONNES of fun- SOO cheap for what it's worth- It's just amazingCon's- Some freezing but the game quickly recovers, no big deal- Not as many people play it as i'd like but still enough players to get the full potential out of the game.All in all, absolutely fantastic game that I would value at £30 no doubt.Keep up the great work :)"
,Recommended,394690,28200668,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Loris,as gud as GmTower
76561198054622720,Recommended,394690,28323901,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mr_Gravey,This is an awesome game. Still in developement but has a decent amount of content to offer. Tower Unite is a bunch of minigames within a game and is a semi-party life simulator. Give the game a shot. A bucket load of new games and features are still in development/planned on.
,Recommended,394690,35196507,Posted: 24 September,all,Ezzy,jkjk
,Recommended,394690,24314992,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,temeeeez,"The games great, it's got potential. But for now, I will be requesting a refund and waiting until the game is out of early access. Buy only if you want to support the development of the game. Great party game with friends."
,Recommended,394690,25473632,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Theodore G. Bear,"I understand that this game is in early alpha, and as such, it's not truly indicative of the final product. That being said, ♥♥♥♥ you, I'm reviewing it anyways....I'll be honest, I'm not too sure where to begin with this. There's a lot of stuff to take in, experience, and generally just ♥♥♥♥ around in, but, let's try to explain ourselves.Tower Unite is not exactly a game. It's not exactly a sim, and it's certainly not any Call of Duty. Instead, Tower Unite is what I would like to call a ""collective online casual party experience"", and, as far as I know, is the only game on Steam or otherwise to fit the genre. In Tower Unite, you play as your own customizable avatar (or, if you're like 92% of its playerbase, a customizable dancing milk carton. I swear I'm not high) in the search of precious currency, called Units, to spend on decking out yourself, your condominium, etc. You gain these by playing minigames, like minigolf, Virus (Infected/Zombie mode), Planet Panic (Capture the Flag-type mode), and Ball Race (a la Super Monkey Ball. Yeah, I'm serious).In truth, I'm almost simplifying it. The end goal isn't about how much money you have or how good you are in a game, it's about meeting new people and hanging out and being social. It *is* an online game after all, and while you *can* play some aspects with yourself (i.e.: minigolf), it sounds about as fun as it is. Tower Unite is simply a game that requires a good community, which is wonderful, considering most people in the TU community are generally some of the nicest people you can meet. I've actually met a few really cool people simply hanging out in the community theater watching Cow Chop videos with a group of other TU players.It's not for everyone, but Tower Unite isn't a game. To call it that would be like thinking of ""going to jail"" as ""a little inconvenient"". Tower, as well as its predecessor ""GMod Tower"", are full-blown experiences. What kind of experience? That's completely for you to decide, but for me, it was well worth the wait and the transition to the Unreal engine was practically spot on. It's just a shame my computer is old money and can barely run it without me needing to lower my resolution, but nevertheless.8/10.P.S.: RIP GMTower. You will be missed, old friend..."
,Recommended,394690,23694566,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Savage,"This game... this game.... is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It's basically a standalone version of GMT so you don't have to worry about downloading addons to get on GMT in GMod(Mainly because GMT in GMod is dead now). The game seems to be fairly cheap and it's a lot of fun to play with friends.Pros:Graphics are pretty goodGame is pretty optimizedIt's only $15You can buy sh!t to make your condoMinigames are really funFerris WheelPixelTail allows you to tranfer all of your stuff over from GMT to Tower UniteThere's a movie theater and a tv you can watch YouTube vids onThere is also a music player that let's you play music from SoundCloudCons:Sometimes, you can't connect to any servers but that can be fixed easily(just restart your game.)Some graphical errors here and thereYou can't play singleplayer on the plaza(which can be understandable to some people).It may be a little laggy for some people(It's okay because you can just simply turn down the graphics a bit)Some areas of the Plaza map aren't exactly optimized as other(i.e. Minigame port, Boardwalk)Some items that got transferred over were ported over as units yet they were already coded and developed in TUOverall, this game is very fun if you have the money to buy it and a friend to play it with. Oh wait, you can just make some when you're playing the game.Rating: 7.8/10"
76561198066127678,Recommended,394690,26653689,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,UraniumTurtle,"ATTENTION! If you even had any interest in playstation home/gmod tower THAN GET THIS GAME. Thank youATTENTION NUMBER 2! This game is in early access which means that the game IS NOT fully complete.This review will go over my pros and cons of this game but before we get to that i just want to say that doing an engine change is a big step even for a large game such as GMOD Tower which means that every time you look at GMOD in your steam library you start crying. But pretty soon Tower Unite is going to feel very similar to GMOD Tower. Just not right now asthe game is still VERY incomplete.Pros:1. GMOD Tower isnt dead.2. Most if not all minigames from GTower will be ported over in some way,3. Condos are mostly seperate from servers but you can chat with people in the lobby that you went from unless you set it to local or singleplayer/friends only which meansyou can do bad stuff and not spam up the chat or annoy people.4. The gameplay is very similar to source making old players of GTower feel at home.5. Even though it is an Early Access game it still is jam packed with content6. The existing community is very nice and helpful. Unless you have a technical problem that isnt common knowledge yet.Cons:1. The game isnt optimized to suit lemon computers.2. There arent enough players.3. Even though many features are present many are still yet to come and updates are coming pretty slowly due to the lack of programmers4. The loading times are still quite slow but possibly to to my crappy internet and banana computer.5. Im going to be eating virtual potato stew for the rest of my life.6. The casino has ruined my life with many loopholes in the slots and games.7. Casino is undeniably rigged.8. The fact that casino is very exploitable yet its rigged.9. Can we just say that the cons are not really bad things?10. Way more cons that pros.lets stop shredded cheese sales and make america grate again."
,Recommended,394690,30531961,Posted: 15 March,all,luke,nut
,Recommended,394690,23744681,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bruce!,MAN OH MAN I LOVE MINI GOLF.
,Recommended,394690,30038733,Posted: 19 February,all,Thurman Merman,"Tower Unite is a pretty fun game nonetheless. It has quite a bit to do as of now (such as a casino, bowling, several 'real' games and more) but I wouldn't recommend buying it unless you plan on dropping it after ~10 hours. It loses its playability in my opinion given the lack of content as of now. However that's not to say that the game is bad. The game is amazing, and I really love the direction the developers are heading with it."
,Not Recommended,394690,22327606,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Herr Gamer,"Tower Unite is in a disastrous state at the moment. There are tons of bugs and glitches as well as continously crashing servers, each patch that gets released brings in at least 5 new problems. While it definitely is fun when it does work, the amounts of times it works compared to the amounts of times it doesn't is absolutely horrendous.Get it in a month or two, possibly when it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,394690,32814991,Posted: 26 June,all,Kaytality,"Bought and refunded after about 40 minutes.The game is dead, it's a social game with no players..How does that work?The casino is fun, but you only earn coins from playing minigames, but there aren't enough active players to fill the minigame lobbies.It needs to go free to play or it will die completely.I'd absolutely play again if it was free."
,Recommended,394690,31733297,Posted: 13 May,all,scary glitch AHHHHHHHHHHHH,Good gamenothing negative about it at all :)
,Not Recommended,394690,22982716,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Paranoia 乡,"I can't recommend this game now, maybe in the future, but that's up to how they develop it.If I was you, I'd wait.This game is boring compared to Garry's Mod Tower, like, seriously boring. Alt+F4 boring.There's not many gamemodes and very few maps for them, many things have been removed because of copyright (including gamemodes, that will be coming back), simple character customization, mini-golf, one of the most famous gamemodes, is sometimes bugged or doesn't make sense AND the game is terribly optimized.The only positive side to this game, for me, Is the condo and how you can customize it. That's it.Want to support the developers? Buy it! Just don't say I didn't warn you about how monotonous this game is."
,Recommended,394690,22803185,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,swagger man,towers are pretty cool
,Not Recommended,394690,29353282,Posted: 19 January,all,Ghidorah,"Everything I expected from buying an early access game.Not much to doServers are pretty dead. (At least the Seattle server was)A lot of the features are ""Coming Soon""Have to grind the same few games for in game currencyVery buggyLong load times for everything (game queue, map loading, server loading)I've been following this game for awhile now and my friends and I have finally got around to buying it. I first came across this game back in July and I'm baffled that this game still has so few features and games. It pretty much still has the same games I remembered reading about and watching from before. The concept is pretty good and I'm sure that the finished product would be very fun but at this moment I wouldn't reccommend this game. I played with 3 other friends and we all got pretty bored of grinding out the same buggy games. The only game we somewhat had fun with was the trivia game. Virus was super buggy, The hit boxes for both the infected and the survivors is completely garbage. As an infected, you run the same speed as a survivor so the survivor can just outrun you backwards as they shoot you and you literally have to walk into them to infect them. The survivors have a bigger advantage and it kinda just ruins the fun. Planet Panic didn't even work for us and everything else was just pretty boring (Typing Derby, Bowling, Golf).  The servers we went to were dead as well. Seattle only had the 4 of us and the most populated server was Chicago. It had about 30 players in it but it was still pretty dead. No one was talking or typing and everybody did their own thing. I had somewhat high hopes purchasing this game even though I knew it was early access but now I really don't think it is worth the price for the amount of content it currently has. I bought it for the full price ~$16 and I think it only has the content of a game worth around $5.I only played this game for around 50 minutes because after playing for 20 minutes and playing almost every mini game available, my friends and I all wanted to request refunds."
,Recommended,394690,29761636,Posted: 7 February,all,dm,"love this game. Fun and simple.I would like to see in future updates, steam workshop, steam achievements and maybe trading cards. That'd be epic"
76561198241704040,Not Recommended,394690,32395173,Posted: 13 June,all,Pimskin,"Should you get this game? At the moment, no. Its clearly unfinished, the largest sever I could find was in a completly different continent and with a wopping total of 9 players, the entire thing curently feels like a greedy attempet to steal the money of orginal fans, i'd recomend wating till the games out of early access when mabey it will have picked up some steam"
,Recommended,394690,22413131,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Minish,RIP GTX 650EDIT: HOORAY GTX 1070
76561198124765801,Not Recommended,394690,23832926,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pat_700,"From what I've played so far, Minigolf is by far the most fun. I am looking forward to when the other games and activities in the Plaza are added. There are a few bugs but that is to be expected with an early access game. Hopefully the steam workshop will allow user-made maps for the minigames,pro's:- Fun minigames-Plenty of potentialcon's-Latency issuesFor now, this game is worth playing for the minigames, but if you want more variey for your condo and more activities in the Plaza, hold off until later."
,Recommended,394690,23867088,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blades,No micro-transactions. ;)
76561198127939301,Not Recommended,394690,25746418,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Tessa Brooks,"Honestly i got this game a while ago and YES this is early access and I understand that but don't put up a game for 15,20 bucks (I forgot how much it cost) and have these 4 short gamemodes, and reccently the casino update came, (it was postponed for some long♥♥♥♥♥time) so EVEN THOUGH THIS IS EARLY ACCESS i wouldn't purchase this game for it's slow devlopment, the boring minimum gameplay and poor optimization (Don't say it's my rig, I am ABOVE the requirments)"
,Recommended,394690,27874200,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Butterfly Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"This game is pretty sweet but not too it's full potential just yet. On official release it'll be amazing though. Reminds me of Second Life, Sims Online orThere.com. The games here are fun, the same types of things I play at home local multiplayer with my family on console. I wish more people played TU though. I also wonder if there is anything else comparable out there?"
,Recommended,394690,22895094,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,.Naya'il™ | R Λ Z Ξ R,"So far I played 30 hours and there's only one thing to say: Amazeballs! :DAt the moment you can only play 4 different games (but they already plan more, like Laser Tag, Bowling and stuff) but they all make fun in their own very mode.And a nice bonus is, that you have your own house which is called Condo, which is empty and you can fill it up with furnitures, tvs, all sorts of instruments etc etc which you can buy with ingame money (which you will get through playing the mini games) in the Plaza.Minigolf:So far there are 3 maps you can play a 18 holes. Its fun because you can play up to 16 players and the holes are sometimes easy but sometimes really hard and if you don't want to punch your wall, skip it :DBall Race:I guess the easiest way to get ingame money but also probably the hardest if you play it for the first time. At first youll think ""WTF HOW FAST DID THEY GET THROUGH THIS MAP"" but then after a few times or a few hours in my case you'll even be the first and you'll think ""damn how slow are they"" xDPlanet Panic:Sadly the only one I dont like because if you're unlucky then youll play 1v4. Sadly also there are no people who want to play it so there are barely any Servers to join.Besides that you're sitting in a U.F.O as a dog or cat and you have to get balls (max 4 at once) which you have to bring to your base to drop and so on. You can shoot at the enemys to kill them but you and them will respawn. So yeah.Virus:Thats the most epic mix of Zombie Shooter per round mix BLAH xD whatever. Basically you join in a random space as a Human, have some different weapons to choose (favourite is plasma rifle :D ) and then you have to shoot at another person who randomly spawns as a infected. Youll get lots of money if you survive with 2 others but thats basically it.Thats all. Its a great game, still in early access with still lots of bugs but I guess theyll fix it soon!Buy it. Play it. Tell your friends."
,Recommended,394690,28170356,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Spooky Cain,gud game
76561198190506611,Recommended,394690,31070226,Posted: 10 April,all,Maxes995,It's good
,Recommended,394690,22373943,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Lociee,A already great game with great potentional.
,Recommended,394690,25402572,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,trollingmexican,game crashed10/10still waiting for zombie slaughter or the casino tho
,Recommended,394690,22369430,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,KillerG Is Magic,"This is a cool game. Tower Unite takes what was great about GMod Tower and brings it into it's own engine so that the developers weren't constrained by what GMod and the Source engine could do. Currently it's barebones, most of the very basic things work, with more things to come. The nice thing is that the developers so far have been quick to try to squash bugs, so development going into the future looks bright, which is important an Early Access title. My friend did have trouble playing though, but I had minimal issues, only a crash and some recording woes.Here's a video if you'd like a first look:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDaieH1406w"
78649382292029837,Not Recommended,394690,24708420,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Need a new PC,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game♥♥♥♥♥♥slow updates blowing ally should off been open on april 4 mounths later nope♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy if you get for free sell on♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394690,24048456,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Toikka,A lack of players and constant high ping and lag make this not worth it for now. The games themselves are fun but the dead lobby and problems aren't enough to keep interest. Wait until there's a good established player base and the game itself is out of early access.
,Recommended,394690,24816410,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Roxas,"As of August 10th 2016 it's still in development/early access, so don't expect to get much out of it right away. Virus is a good zombie game for making quick money and ballrace and golf are slow imo.The customizability is good enough for now especially in condo, i have seen alot of interesting things people have done, but getting the units to buy the items can take awhile. I would suggest waiting until it is more throughly developed until giving it a negative review or buying it. However I think its decent at least."
76561198066579533,Not Recommended,394690,23677714,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Oleg,much lack of content but in the future it will be different
,Recommended,394690,29814524,Posted: 9 February,all,The Doctor ッ,They Forgot they game when it first came out lolis fun
76561198202353993,Recommended,394690,22433882,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,kedoenna cs.money,this is my home aaaaaah !!!!!!
,Recommended,394690,25385120,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,"Vector (Gone to LA, back on Sun)",Still waiting for that optimization.
,Recommended,394690,29263593,Posted: 14 January,all,Gay Spooder (Ben),GREAT.....but NEEDS MAC because my windows is to slow to run.
,Recommended,394690,25824952,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Flater,best golf simulator 2016
,Recommended,394690,33185500,Posted: 3 July,all,Yuuta Togashi,goods
,Not Recommended,394690,23686747,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Don,"Doesn't support my resolution lol.....and no one's playing, wait until they update a bit? I wish I could have explored more but I just didn't want to do it since everything was so pixelated, it went up to 1080p but I'm at 1440 and it was NOT playable......although I did go into the theatres, put on a video of mine to see how it was...but...there was no sound for the video in the theatre o.o?"
,Recommended,394690,22870451,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,average rustmite,its not much at the point im posting this review but i hope it will live up to all the hype
,Recommended,394690,22861552,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Hopin ツ,"There is not much people playing this game, yet. I really hope it will get more people to know this game!Recommended If you have lots of friends to play with."
,Recommended,394690,32280300,Posted: 8 June,all,FlyPurpleHippo,i got a hot girlfriend but then she blocked me after thirty minutes bcus she didnt like the movie i put on at the theatre-just get an IMVU girlfriend-IMVU ♥♥♥♥ing sucksdefinitely will play as a ball again
76561198163869280,Recommended,394690,29129258,Posted: 8 January,all,Horsey Horsington,Now that CS:GO gambling isn't really a thing anymore this will have to do
,Recommended,394690,33879177,Posted: 29 July,all,PurpleDJ619,Good
,Recommended,394690,30250489,Posted: 28 February,all,hundvalpp,is vry nice dont go cassino pleas it not good news 4 u
,Recommended,394690,32727264,Posted: 24 June,all,Zufick,This game has lots of stuff
76561198301445647,Recommended,394690,22887764,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,MR ELECTRIC,"Fun game for playing with friends but the game is still a bit glitchy, its in Early Access of course and is great.Some problems I have experienced is frequent crashes, freezes, and texture glitches but is still playable. A huge thing they should add is customized hair because the guy hair is so gay honestly. Still a great game would reccomend but just remember EARLY ACCESS."
,Recommended,394690,22885209,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,WeslyAdvanceSP,"A REALLY great game with a lot of potential. The playerbase is at the time of writing small, but the amount of fun is totally worth it! 10/10 would minigolf again!"
,Recommended,394690,22333459,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ZigaDual,If you hava a Roblox account and enjoyed the Plaza. You would certianly enjoy Tower Unite
,Recommended,394690,22331430,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,*[I-C] DuckyD,10/10 OMG SO AMAZING SO REALISTIC I LOVE THIS GET IT NOW RIGHT NOW GET $15 NOW!!!!RIP Gmod Tower
,Recommended,394690,28561740,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ravingrowan,"Nearly a year and little crusaders comes out.Thank you, we all wanted it.Everytime a Knight dies he becomes squidward and screams"
,Recommended,394690,22330589,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,M'Lady,to explain this game in 2 words it would be Joining Server
,Recommended,394690,25637681,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,^8,Excellent program to test out macros #casino
76561198334213222,Recommended,394690,25891107,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Elodie,"This game is very interesting , i like it :)"
,Recommended,394690,26307840,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,xthegoldensoulx,"It's just standalone gmod Tower.and it's awesome.Also, like the ""non♥♥♥♥♥♥Playstation Home"". -quoted by me (cus i haven't seen or heard anyone else)help i can't stop playing minigolf and trivia"
,Recommended,394690,26491712,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Magnificent Haunting,Could you devs tweak the game to be cartoony like the old gmod tower? i miss the cartoonish style of that game.
76561198075027347,Recommended,394690,27767270,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Potato,"Man, stop shooting confetti in me! Man! MAN!"
,Recommended,394690,28122843,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,good1s0n,An amazing experience with much more to come. Doesn't really get boring (and I haven't played a lot with friends yet).
,Recommended,394690,25176613,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rawtiz,"Nice game, i love it. :)"
,Recommended,394690,30153152,Posted: 24 February,all,owen,my family was gambled away
,Recommended,394690,22631564,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Valerokai,
,Recommended,394690,22630460,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,BanishedToLotus,"Game is called TowerUNITEInstead of a cozy 2 servers,YOU HOST YOUR OWN.Seems legit..."
76561198103973781,Recommended,394690,27360015,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mini Mansell,Great game :)
,Recommended,394690,23268112,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Desorbo,A great tribute to the old Gmod Tower.So much to do and very interesting to see other people's homes. Albeit 90% of player houses are just bursting out the seams with porn. Is that a bad thing? You decide.
,Recommended,394690,25003372,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kno2t,"i,m just asking how many people are working on this? like a team or like 1 or 2 people because it seems updates are slow, or it's jut me, still fun laggy but pretty, actrally really REALLY ok.....Also only golf is availble damm youtubers, or ballrace GODAMMIT WHERE IS THE PLAZA IS IT DOWN"
76561198143465667,Not Recommended,394690,24428910,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Craig Vee,fun with friends but unortunately very temprimental and glitchy - could become better but as of time of writing its not a very stable game
,Recommended,394690,22370087,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Sudura,"Meh. It's okay. I guess. If you like Minigolf.Pros:MinigolfSocialDecent community, at least at this point.Successor to GMod Tower, which was great.GMod Tower players get some neat stuff.Cons:Insanely slow updates (stuff has been pushed back months and months on the roadmap)Bad netcodeModels aren't greatBad netcodePlanet Panic sucks.Did I mention bad netcode?Immature developers."
76561198159813814,Recommended,394690,31225424,Posted: 18 April,all,Donut_Knight,this game is awsome if you have a desktop get it if not get a desktop
76561198117991836,Recommended,394690,25783233,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ham,"really great game, as was the opriginal GMod Tower.   casual game, good community even though mainly kiddie playerbase. good game to relax with.  BEST MINIGOLF ON STEAM BY FAR"
76561198071090740,Recommended,394690,32896399,Posted: 27 June,all,GREENY,crashes constantly.
76561198271850773,Recommended,394690,22377508,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,sir trico,amazing
,Recommended,394690,32947063,Posted: 28 June,all,Officially2004inc,"This game is F***ing amazing. Bravo to the Developers! Some bugs but every game has bugs, BUT not minigames that are amazingly fun as these one lol"
76561198095051856,Recommended,394690,33094140,Posted: 1 July,all,Jesus,needs more games to play
76561198273297274,Not Recommended,394690,32783971,Posted: 25 June,all,flucas77,"The game tends to run fairly poorly, and at times the graphics are also poor"
,Recommended,394690,29380584,Posted: 20 January,all,iSymmetra - Twitch,"Honestly, Tower Unite seemed to be a game I was highly skeptical on at first and thought it was going to be garbage; however, it changed overtime and I do enjoy it to play it as a casual game.Pros:- Numerous game modes in private or public lobbies.- World realms have some game modes of their own to play.- Casino. Casino. Casino. (You'll spent a ton of time here.)- Customizable Condo.- Community seems nice, but can get toxic from time-to-time.Cons:- Performance Issues that tanks FPS. (Restarting your computer fixes this.)- You can get glitched out of some maps or game rounds.- Needs more character customizations, but this is still Early Access.- Limited game lobbies (like Trivia) in the world realm.Conclusion:Honestly, this is a game for casual play and just to have fun.  So, if you have issues with this game, try restarting your computer or file a ticket on their forums explaining their problems. If you have friends, that actually puts extra time on the game and will make the game further enjoyable. I recommend this game definitely, but get some friends to play with you."
,Recommended,394690,32577705,Posted: 19 June,all,HC NickBeenTrill,"Minigolf, Zombies, Typeracer, oh my!"
,Recommended,394690,33255788,Posted: 4 July,all,Domino,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
76561198170504261,Recommended,394690,31619485,Posted: 7 May,all,SamTune,Hey! I played 1 hour of Tower unite and after this hour i can say that if devs will not drop the game in early acess it will be AMAZING. I cant tell why becouse i played only little crusaders but i loved the game. Well its laggy on my pc but when game will be released i will see if game will be optimised for my pc.Have a nice day
,Recommended,394690,30398184,Posted: 8 March,all,BananaScrubNuts,I had a life before.Now I have a gambling addiction10/10
,Recommended,394690,25579227,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Penguins Are Neato (sick),Gives me a reason not to play Garry's Mod. 10/10
,Recommended,394690,23523899,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,HyperlyBola [IDK],"Help this game is too addicting!when i first played this game it looked just normal at first, like GMTower. then i took a look around and i was like YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
,Recommended,394690,22308735,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Lognes,Milk Carton Simulator 201611/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,394690,31544554,Posted: 4 May,all,LittleHero,"The game is awesome and i recommend only for people who live in North America and Europe right now. That's where the current player base of the game live. So if you get 80 or more ping in servers from these places, you are gonna have a bad time with the game because you have connection stutters and desync in all games. If it wasn't for that i would 10/10 recommend this game for everyone.If you really like the game looks, wait for an future update that somehow fixes or make things better with the desync and stutters problem."
76561198008456453,Not Recommended,394690,31586290,Posted: 6 May,all,Kris,"Huge potential, but i was experiencing so many bugs and framerate issues that it was literally unplayable, i have to play the game windowed, because when i make it fullscreen, all of the buttons are off, like i have to hold the cursor above all buttons to be able to click them. It's really sad, because i was a huge fan of the original Gmod Tower, so i really hope that this will be more playable in the future"
76561198172899455,Recommended,394690,31665624,Posted: 10 May,all,woah,"Ok, so. this game is spinning milk. thats it"
76561198110912419,Recommended,394690,31726144,Posted: 13 May,all,ViliusA,fun
,Recommended,394690,25446205,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SCP-027-02,"I can tell that is going to be a great game! There are so many things to do and it looks very pretty. The only problem I have run into while playing is that not many people are playing games, so it is difficult to play any of the games or earn currency. Other than that, this is a perfect game!"
,Recommended,394690,22509281,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Alienboy,"The orginal gmod tower has been a part of my life for a really long time, the second that I opened up Tower Unite reminded me of all the good memories I have had. I watched the Server grow not from the start, but from a time that started my love for these developers. Pixel Tail Games spent over 6 years of their lives making one of the best mod's for Gmod for a time that is equivilent to 1/3 my life. If you don't call that dedication I don't know what to say. These guys are the real deal and if you think this game is one of the many early access games that are ""completed"" and thrown away in an update that destroyes the game you are horribly mistaken. Those 6 years they had pretty much been doing this for free besides the awesome donaters such as myself. I can't wait to watch this standalone grow to be bigger than the mod could ever be as I was one of the people who was on the forums telling them they needed to do this. Looking forward to a great game, and I know you won't disapoint <3"
,Recommended,394690,24401053,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Devious Drago,"This game is decent for what I've played of it, which has only been the minigolf section.Although there's much to be done, but that's why it's at it's current state.While it's still in Early Access, this review is toward the minigolf section only!On thing minigolf needs to have is to have every single course as a possible hole in one. And while some courses follow this formular, alot of them does not. All the courses are innovative and creative which I do give a nice reccommendation on, but otherwise it still needs a lot of work.So my opinion is independent. Is alright, but nothing much.....yet! Hence the whole Early Access. Give it a try if you feel like it."
,Recommended,394690,24444615,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[SALT] Zorelo,This is the best game.
,Recommended,394690,29619028,Posted: 31 January,all,Nova,day 1wow gambling looks lameday 2i guess its fun... for wasting moneyday 3alright just got 3 spins in wheel of moneyday 4wow im getting really good at thisday 5IM REALLY getting good at thisyear 3Mom: stop wasting your life in the basement gamblingMe: NEVER
76561198026354659,Recommended,394690,28853113,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,General Cookie,"This is a fun game, I really do enjoy it, but if the game is only for one platform, then why does it also show up on mac platform as well with no files? PC version, love it. Mac version, why is it also in the mac platform?"
76561198031249587,Recommended,394690,32097705,Posted: 31 May,all,DeadManRunnin,"Given that I've played the early forms of this game when it was still in Gmod, I have to admit I'm biased towards liking it.The development has been steady on, with improvements made at a reasonable pace. Not as fast as many of the more impatient types, but not so slow that people who know how the production life cycle of any game works (or just have f-ing patience) to lose hope.The game modes are varied, and quite fun. It'll kill time faster than you can count it, with new game modes (and even boardwalk games) being released at a steady pace.I do like that they have a website dedicated to tracking their development, and changelogs. Takes out the whole guessing game, but does lead to an overdose of hype sometimes. :)They've improved the idea of the condos (from the old Gmod Tower days) with plenty of condos available (no more like the old days of fighting over a limited number of condos waiting at the checkin desk like a frantic lunatic waiting for someone to check-out...good times...) They also have a few other forms of virtual quarters to decorate to ones content. Either with classy furniture you've grinded for via games, or a plethora of hula dolls you've won from the spin to win game at the casino.Plenty of servers are available, and located in many parts of the world which helps with nightmarishly high ping the majority of the time.All in all, I like; would suggest; and will always come back to play."
,Recommended,394690,32178776,Posted: 4 June,all,Blaze,Very good and fun game
,Recommended,394690,28850749,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RichieRics,"Totally worth even in its current state, I can't even imagine what fun it will be in its final form!"
,Recommended,394690,32124177,Posted: 2 June,all,SkullWolf,im just gonna outright say this if you played on the gmod tower server on garrys mod this is its standalone remake the game is fun but requires a slightly good pc to run propperly with less lag so i guess heres my pros and cons:PROS:alot of fun with friendsheavy ammounts of editing stuff(ie condos your avatar even bowling balls for bowling in servers)Virutal gambleing(with in gamecash not irl money thank god)the weridness of gmod towers players returns(sometimes depending on if you find gmod tower players due to abundance of new players ill get into that in the cons)a bunch of minigames and stuff to doyou can watch movies and stuff in the theater or in your own homeCONS:New Players being Kids(younger than 10 who rly dont understand the game) Or serious♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who dont like the randomness of the old players which made the server hella fun (met abunch of those guys during the 1st few weeks after launch)optmisezation issues after some updates but they do get fixed most of the timeSpin to Win in the casino(if you dont know during the casino launch that 1 game had and still has the most money for jackpot on the main servers but its rarely won due to the very high RNG peeps thought and some still think its Broken)The Grind to get Some Player houseing like the brand new underwater house which means you will either have to grind for cash/get lucky at the casino(short/longway) or just play games(the longer way).Overall i think this game is great 9/10
,Recommended,394690,22637351,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Seriumu,"Tower Unite continues the legacy of GMod Tower and very well too.As I am writing this, the game is in beta. There are a few messes to clean in the programming, and some optimisation problems, but it continues the legacy of GMod Tower verry well, I will always miss GMod Tower, but Tower Unite is already making up for it a bit."
,Recommended,394690,25844680,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Electric Bronco,"I like it, way farther ahead than atom universe"
76561198072549374,Recommended,394690,22988606,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,"Unicorn Protection Agent ""Smith""","Good start, but needs time to develop..."
,Recommended,394690,33448939,Posted: 10 July,all,OC | Dangeraura,One of the greatest mmo's I've ever played. Could use a few more features and compatibility options but besides that it's all good.
,Recommended,394690,30324436,Posted: 4 March,all,",,",10/10 GUD GAEM
76561197993172532,Recommended,394690,33476194,Posted: 12 July,all,Butthurt Joe™,"Already a really polished EA title. Devs working much on it, they did the popular GMOD Tower. It just need some more players and crashes must be fixed. I can fully recommend this game."
,Recommended,394690,33455931,Posted: 11 July,all,|NOV-ST|Rayheat ✅,add more playermodel and more customizationhow can i express myself as a milk carton?
76561198127451532,Recommended,394690,31909745,Posted: 22 May,all,spikeonaleash,"dont read this review just click add to cart, purchase for yourself and purchase as gift !! if you dont how will you ever win a jackpot in the casino and build a super awesome condo seriously stop reading now and buy like 50 copies !! you wont be disapointed ....ever.......maybe......idk.......you can be a damn milk cartoon how can you go wrong with that seriously buy it stop reading :P"
,Recommended,394690,33547849,Posted: 14 July,all,Boris for President,Not too great at this early stage...
,Recommended,394690,33158023,Posted: 2 July,all,oj da juiceman,Ball race is a creation of Satan
,Recommended,394690,23150401,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Arroz (Rice),"I thought this was DOOM, not dissappointed though."
,Recommended,394690,28518471,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jacksquizzy,<3
,Recommended,394690,32544137,Posted: 18 June,all,Thomas,.
,Recommended,394690,32958323,Posted: 28 June,all,Helion,gud
76561198330504933,Recommended,394690,33839960,Posted: 27 July,all,BoTtEmS,its good you should get it
,Recommended,394690,24477522,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BOX Dan,"Version:0.1.1.6While this game has a few issues in its current state, it's brilliant.The ability to play Minigolf to earn cash then spend it on projectors and giant speakers to place in your own personal condo while dancing as a milk bottle wearing a plant on your head and an inflatable rubber duck ring round your waist is truly a unique experience.The coming updates should make the game even better, with things like the Casino, Bowling and Laser Tag being completed soon.Highly recommend, great with friends, even better to make your friends salty with holes-in-one to the point they rage-quit because they hit the ball out the map..."
,Recommended,394690,23926358,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The Paradisiac,This is the game that I've waited my entire life for.
,Recommended,394690,33983519,Posted: 2 August,all,Joey Fuckatelli,"I litterally don't write reviews. I just don't. So when i say i will litterally suck♥♥♥♥♥♥of whatever ♥♥♥♥ing company made this game (i don't even know their name), i mean, I WILL LITTERALLY SUCK THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OF WHATEVER ♥♥♥♥ING COMPANY MADE THIS GAME, ALL OF THE STAFF.On a serious note of any early access game to ever exist this is objectively the best in terms of development and keeping players updated on the progress of content, an argument can't even be taken seriously if you claim otherwise. go look up their Trello road map and read the devblogs along with patch notes if you don't believe me.Small review of the actual game:+ Great social hub with too many weaboos and minigames that run near flawlessly outside of some non instanced activities you can do in the actual island. nice amount of customization and the minigolf is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing i bought it just to play minigolf-Latency issues almost 70% of the time, makes the social hub aspect Terribly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when things rubber band.Which is a pretty big issue if your playing for the social hub aspect. it takes you out when your movements aren't really your own.7.3/10 Possibly a 9/10 when the arcade comes out."
,Recommended,394690,23530622,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FartDbag,"How do i download/Find ""Microsoft visual c++ 2015 runtime"" because i have been looking for the download for 4 Hours now and havent been able to play your game."
,Recommended,394690,33882273,Posted: 29 July,all,MrCash99,Amazing with friends!!
76561198160498041,Recommended,394690,24031445,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,captainDoom,When i bought this i was really excited. It was a real dissapointment when I could not play it because of too much lag.
,Recommended,394690,32283608,Posted: 8 June,all,GenoHacker,it gud
,Recommended,394690,32270691,Posted: 8 June,all,skeet,do it for birb
,Recommended,394690,29538231,Posted: 28 January,all,Sleepy__,"Love this game to bit (besides the bugs but i mean it is still in beta so...)Only real problem i have with this game is load times, takes forever.but otherwise, it amazing, so glad a gmod tower substitute was created <3"
,Recommended,394690,22468588,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sparrow,Got chased by a horde of green men 10/10
,Recommended,394690,29542711,Posted: 28 January,all,KickAssMiles,Friends Not Included
,Recommended,394690,29547815,Posted: 28 January,all,Lukas,Fun
,Recommended,394690,29269608,Posted: 15 January,all,Tattletale Strangler,Closest thing to playstation home but without the creeps hitting on eachother.
,Recommended,394690,29259808,Posted: 14 January,all,Just Life,"A Home away from PS Home.To anyone that had the (mis)fortune to play/try out PlayStation Home and enjoyed it, Tower Unite is the game to fill that small hidden shame of a void that was left gaping open when PS Home shut down.Pro:1.As of right now, you pay the price of the game and everything is opened to you. No micro/DLC. You get what you pay for.2.The game updates are comming and I can't wait to see what's the final game will look like.3.Decent amount of furniture and items to place in your home.4.The free condo looks breath taking and is on par with something you would had payed for in PS Home.Con:1.Early Access Game.Not a bad thing but to me any game that is in Early Access will always be pointed out in my con list till the game is officially finished. Been burned by too many great games with potential that is sadly stuck in Early Access Game Purgatory.2.Chatacter creation/customizing is god awful. Hope it will be improved in the future.3.Not many options for social interaction. Emote and what nots are a nice tidbit to have but not a real dealbreaker if not available.4.Low playerbase. Hard to get a game of Virus going if there aren't enough people around that wants to play it.*Due note that everything in the Con list is due to the game still being in Early Access and given time, each and every one can be easily fixed.If you are still unsure, just give Tower Unite a try. Like PS Home, you might like it more then you're willing to admit."
76561198005687551,Recommended,394690,33871920,Posted: 28 July,all,Oneill,This game is such a great idea! Now if only i had friends to play it with. : (
76561198130437963,Recommended,394690,33902458,Posted: 30 July,all,🐺Faker🐺,♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198111632332,Recommended,394690,29753191,Posted: 6 February,all,Mya,it gud
,Recommended,394690,23531819,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Turretvista,"Let's be honest you only came for the minigolf, didn't you?So, back in the days there was a little thing called gmod.And it had a little thing called GMTower.It was awesome.But then all of the sudden, it got shut down.And on the same day, this was released in early access.And this?It's freaking awesome.While not yet finished, it's still very fun.The casino, arcade, and bowling alley are not yet implimented.But it's still fun.Very fun.Go ahead, buy it.It's fun.Very fun.Quickly, before I wore out my enter key."
,Recommended,394690,30345553,Posted: 5 March,all,↕Limbo↕,I had doubts for this game... I WAS VERY WRONG! This game is fun just only being in early access. it's really fun with friends and when this game is done and out of early access its bout to be lit af fam!!!!
,Recommended,394690,27113963,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NoBrain ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Casino simulator
,Not Recommended,394690,23280301,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Shebby,"The development process is slower then my dead grandmothers ashes, and that's coming from somebody who plays TF2.Also game is full of extremely game breaking bugs that make it unplayable.Gmod tower died for this......"
,Recommended,394690,28875387,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Noodles NEEDS A NEW FUCKEN CPU,"Great game imo, just needs fixes as it's in Early Access mode as the time of reviewing it.  I did have problems like, joining my mates condo from clicking on his name in steam; it crashed the game for me which ticked me off other than that, great game 3/5 for Early access. (WILL UPDATE WHEN IT'S OUT OF EARLY ACCESS)"
,Recommended,394690,22354686,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ENIGMA,The game juste opened their early access and already very addictive!Buy it!
,Recommended,394690,34571702,Posted: 29 August,all,Papa Tony,>Earn 200k in Bowling>Buys Highrise Condo for 175k>buys Painting>Make Roman Hall of Famehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1122843081>Buy Body Pillow>Set my Fish Waifu On it>Set her on Poolhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1122844618>Never get out of my Room ever AgainBetter Life Simulator than Reallife11/10
,Recommended,394690,34497060,Posted: 25 August,all,Type hamburger,gmod tower sux
,Recommended,394690,29378598,Posted: 20 January,all,Zoroyn,Get your NBA skills on with dank♥♥♥♥♥basketball
,Recommended,394690,34154023,Posted: 10 August,all,Anything4Views,"Great little game, need a lot of work on the games inside tho. Not looking forward to mini transactions..."
,Recommended,394690,30134125,Posted: 23 February,all,Remagamer,"The community is actual literal cancer, but the game itself is solid. Tower Unite devs, please rein in your community while it's still mostly legal."
,Not Recommended,394690,23278473,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Burger,"I enjoyed this game very much for about 60 hours and never stopped playing it for a long time! But, most of the servers barely have anyone in them and they rarely update the game. I would give this a 9.5/10 if they updated it and added more stuff to it, but in its current state? I think they should've sticked with Gmod Tower. I would rate this a 4/10 just because of the lack of things to do in the game and also it does not have what it used to have in Gmod Tower, like Go-Kart Racing, Chimera Hunt, and more! I just hope they will come back to this game and completely fix it and maybe the community will enjoy it again and the servers will be filled once again! For now, I don't think you should buy the game, unless you wanna waste some money on a game! Good luck to anyone who bought this game and thought it would be filled with fun!"
,Recommended,394690,33099700,Posted: 1 July,all,Danny,"Its got good potential, needs more people.Certainly is pre-alpha, dont expect anything to work well or much needed things to exist.It looks like they should focus more on fixing what they have right now rather than bringing in new games.. then bring in new games instead.I do like the customisable house and able to invite friends, play instruments."
76561198036641619,Recommended,394690,34748571,Posted: 4 September,all,Rusty,"Played ""Spin To Win"" Won a Hula Doll 12 times in a row!"
76561198323065389,Recommended,394690,30303123,Posted: 3 March,all,Eclipse ❤,Great game but a little laggy.If you have a good PC BUY IT NOW!
76561198080785491,Recommended,394690,22354378,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,a really cool uesrname,it is a big buggy mess but i love it hopefully when it is out it will be a bit less buggy but anyway i played gmt(gmod tower) on lobby one and i loved it sadly it is gone but it's little brother is here i am shere it will grow to be just as good as gmt maybe even better
,Recommended,394690,34677087,Posted: 1 September,all,Nutixi,Nutixi Likes
,Recommended,394690,33390218,Posted: 8 July,all,Ian_Dukeman,"Hands down the best game I've purchased and played in the past few years. Yes i'ts early access but the dev team is great, they listen to the community and even include daily activity logs on what they're working on so you get to know what future updates will contain. The minigames are all fun to play with friends, they all seem very polished and rewarding. I only bought the game 2 days ago and have already clocked nearly 19 hours in it. My favorite part about this game is that everything can be earned, there is no pay to win and no way to even. All around a great game."
,Recommended,394690,33037985,Posted: 30 June,all,Blin,It's kind of like GMod Tower....oh wait
,Recommended,394690,28782297,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HerobrineofNotch,Golf.... That is all I have to say. And custom houses.
,Recommended,394690,22319205,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,BailsBach,"You can easily compare this to something like PlayStation Home.It's mainly a socializing game, where you can meet new people or play with old friends. The reward system is excellent and gives you a feeling of achievement, which some games lack in this day and age.You may compare it to being free back at Garry's Mod, but in all honestly, you still had the option to purchase VIP (which was £10, or country equivelent) and the source engine restricts the amount of customization possible. With Tower Unite, PixelTail have brought the best bits from Gmod Tower and have amplified them into this beautifully looking game, which will frazzle your brain with excitement :)NOTE : -The game is in Early Access, and at the time of writing this, it only has 4 playable gamemodes (Virus, Minigolf, Planet Panic and Ballrace). More games are planned, with functional items such as pets and RC cars and boats, but for now, the game is lacking content, and will come apparent after a few hours of playing.Overall: 7.1/10The reason for the moderatly low score is because of the compatibilty, and the issues you have with crashes and servers, but other than that, get it!**EDIT 29/04/16**The game has had many new updates, which focus on improvements with multiplayer, and also adding more functionability. Since I wrote this review a few weeks back, I can now say that mulitplayer is FUNCTIONAL but still has it's setbacks, but for me, it works 70% of the time. I have many friends whom I've met through Tower Unite from Asia, USA etc. Depending on where you are, you MAY possibly have problems connecting to servers. With me (I live in the UK) for instance, I have a decent connection on most servers, and it's playable. There are many old reviews stating 'you will have trouble connecting to games from the Plaza'. This is mildly true, but as far as I've experienced, it works well, and is coming nicely!OVERALL (EDIT):-8.1/10"
76561198048965698,Recommended,394690,34676404,Posted: 1 September,all,Jared Pascalious/Tasmaniac,"Not too much content, so it can become a bit repetative, but It can be fun for hours, and more content is always coming out."
76561198092064526,Recommended,394690,34919838,Posted: 13 September,all,Weeb,Total ripoff of gmod tower.
76561198046673270,Recommended,394690,28612568,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SirCumference,Like Gmod and IMVU had a baby
76561198074621441,Recommended,394690,22480528,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Deluxe Negative,10/10 would golf again
,Recommended,394690,32704500,Posted: 23 June,all,RadiationRat,Want a game to play with your friends? BUY THIS NOW!
76561198196084542,Recommended,394690,32673861,Posted: 23 June,all,nargy,A lot of fun!! love the atmosphere and the party's !!
,Recommended,394690,32689251,Posted: 23 June,all,Jóel,Good.
,Recommended,394690,32695324,Posted: 23 June,all,Lapidavitque [MOTH],Yes buy it.
,Recommended,394690,23843032,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ryzl,games dank
76561198057458655,Recommended,394690,33121502,Posted: 2 July,all,MightySpaghetti,the only thing i can say right now is nothing t
,Recommended,394690,34119915,Posted: 9 August,all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},"Tower Unite is probably the most up-to-date life simulation but even more better and developed than real life. Compare this to real life. Meeting some stranger in a casino. If you go to their house in real life, You'll most likely get held hostage or killed or mugged. If you go to their house in Tower Unite, You can chill and watch TV in their home and probably go swimming and have a good time. Tower Unite includes so many mini games and activities that can give you so many hours of gameplay which you cannot possibly get bored of. There are, so far, 8 game modes, 1 attraction and 9 upcoming additions including 4 new game modes and new shops. All of these are multiplayer too. Whether you play with friends or play with strangers, this community is great and It is so easy to find new friends. In the last 27 hours of gameplay, I've made friends with all the common visitors on one server which is over 40 people which is an amazing experience. This game is a definite buy and here are the dislikes and highlights to give you more of an idea to what you could be possibly buying.HighlightsAmazing GraphicsWaves in the water (No flat water)ReflectionsGame modes such as bowling and Laser TagMassive CasinoBug fixes very often and they include a lot of fixesEU servers permanently have at least 10 people inDislikesNew additions to the game take quite a while to update"
76561198109767904,Recommended,394690,34915705,Posted: 13 September,all,dannu,"A game with so much potential and great devs, finally a game where the devs are working on this early access piece of gold and it's great to watch what they bring out each update"
,Recommended,394690,32656419,Posted: 22 June,all,wazthatme {GG},its fun
,Recommended,394690,31378381,Posted: 26 April,all,Theplexing,a gmod mod but for 15$
,Recommended,394690,22638702,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SilentTrigger,Playstation Home..... for Steam.
,Recommended,394690,28547230,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Elon Musk,Good game i just wish they'd kept the Gmod tower servers open alongside it
,Recommended,394690,29093888,Posted: 7 January,all,viscount01,Incomplete but still fun! it's a collection of mini-games that makes an interesting experince. i'm going to certainly be spending more time on it.
,Recommended,394690,23134800,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Fred Nut,This game..wah this game is somethingTower Unite is a game based on the amazing garry's mod game mode Gmodtower.The developers are working hard to bring you updates every week/month. But don't expect a finished game however because it's not. It is very unfinished but none the less very funOverall I give it an 8/10
,Recommended,394690,22622143,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Captain Autismo,"With more players and some polish, could be great.(it is an early access game after all)6/10 in its current state"
76561198112792224,Recommended,394690,31182329,Posted: 16 April,all,Seppo Taalasmaa,BUY IT more people more fun
76561198004662490,Recommended,394690,31188980,Posted: 16 April,all,Desha ;D,"Anything going on, anytime soon? been very lonely out here in tower unite"
76561198066176957,Recommended,394690,29933222,Posted: 14 February,all,□□□□,"""I got chased by a Milk Carton for 5 minutes...."""
,Recommended,394690,31636916,Posted: 8 May,all,Babana Man [☆→],"Gud game. Do recommend. Its a bit laggy cause of all the areas that have to load, but its early access.  It also uses a broadband connection which doesn't really help the lag.  But hey, its early access, so hopefully they can work this mess out.  (THEY BETTER FIX IT OR I DEMAND A REFUND WITHIN 30 MINUTES!!!)"
76561198137413667,Recommended,394690,31773823,Posted: 15 May,all,Vaterman617,Is gud gaem
,Recommended,394690,26717822,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Vortac (Chuck Tuckerson),"I've played/recorded a LOT of early access titles... Tower Unite is quickly becoming one of my favorites! Their road map features a TON of cool features to come. However, in it's current state I could play this game for hours. It's money well spent, people! Hopefully my video will help make up your minds. ;)https://youtu.be/NzcJtKnRPK0"
,Recommended,394690,26865172,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,moist,Tower Unite amirite
,Recommended,394690,32933086,Posted: 28 June,all,Hugh Mungus,Just found out there is a world outside of the casino and it's pretty awesome but why would you include a gameworld with minigames in a casino simulator?
,Recommended,394690,35379362,Posted: 1 October,all,The Burd,"There's a lot of things youcando in this game.And a lot of things you probably shouldn't.https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/331454949269569539/364005287310393344/unknown.pngMakes for an okay time-killer, even if it is still in early access hell."
,Not Recommended,394690,23717045,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Calypsotic,"I have this game for 2 days after having previously playing Gmod tower for 2 years to wake up and find that i've been VAC... VAC banned, for no reason at all. I've had issues with the profiles on this game and beleive this was a complete and utter waste of a 15$ false ban program. I've had a clean slate for the past, what, 4 year, maybe 5, and this game comes in and bans me within the week. The inability of VAC to tell me what i've done wrong, is infuriating as i have no clue as to what ive done, and what i ""shouldnt do"" aparently in the future.GMOD tower, Lobby one.^^If it aint broke, dont fix it.^^"
76561198094803808,Not Recommended,394690,22887954,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,VahidSlayerOfAll,"-they lost some my items from gmt, didn’t get all the tower money I could-200 hours+ on GMT and now I cant even buy back 50% of the things I had-lag, unlike any I had on gmod tower-hit the ball twice in mini golf and it got stuck-full of bugs-The community went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ have fun walking in on a circle jerk of people watching pornI know we should not be comparing this to gmod tower, but they should have worked on this longer before removing the only working tower."
,Not Recommended,394690,23176163,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Xanax Puppy,"Honestly, I wanted to love this game. I really really did. But the old GMT days have spoiled me, and this lacks the same sense as GMT. There are many bugs ( as expected, so it wont be highlighted) but very little life. Yes, you can customize your low res character, but its not as fun as GMT. GMT has constant dedi servers that were full, this game is player hosted servers, which in certain servers is just the same map on repeat. Honestly, I wanted to really love it, but i couldnt. 4/10"
76561198121884523,Recommended,394690,23319301,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Deebo,Minigolf is my life now
,Not Recommended,394690,22325391,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sir Fappington,"I currently don't recommend the game in it's current state. Yes, I know it's Early Access. But that simply isn't an excuse.It's incredibly hard to connect to ANY server. It will either say the server it full when it clearly isn't, or it will say ""Lost connection to host."" Along with that, I'm unable to connect to some gamemodes. It says ""Waiting to connect to host."" These are the main two huge problems keeping me from playing at the moment.Other small issues that I don't mind too much, but are still issues nonetheless, are lag spikes when pressing Escape, lag spikes when using the sliders when customizing appearance, and random lag spikes in game, I assume when loading a part of the map?Anyways, at the game's current state, I do not recommend. I will gladly update my review to ""Would recommend"" once some of this gets worked out, hopefully very soon. I really want to love Tower Unite, because I played a ♥♥♥♥ ton of Gmod Tower back in it's days, but I can't love Tower Unite as it is currently, and that's a shame. It just feels extremely empty, for lack of better words. I do agree strongly with a previous review I read stating that all the players are spread across the servers, making some of them have a very low population and some of them just plain out empty. To add on to that, people really have no need to even join the lobbies. They can just go straight into the minigames from the main menu. Also, the condos aren't connected to the lobby like they used to be. Not a huge fan of that at all. All in all, it feels empty because of these things.*EDIT #1*So far, the only things that have been fixed are the server reporting being full when it isn't and some of the stuttering/lag spikes that I explained. This is a GREAT move in the right direction, but sadly I have to keep my review negative because I still can't connect to servers at all. I would also like to say that I misunderstood something about the condos being separated from the lobby. I now understand how they work, and I don't mind that aspect anymore.*EDIT #2*A lot has changed. There aren't really any more lag spikes. Can connect to servers easily. Only things keeping my review at negative as this point is the player spread across server thing and the thing where people really have no need to connect to the lobby. On top of that, there isn't a whole lot of content at the moment. So you can easily get bored. Once they add more stuff it'll be great, and this review will turn positive."
,Not Recommended,394690,32851934,Posted: 27 June,all,incoherent weeb noises,"It's subjectively a compilation of mediocre minigames. If you don't have a group of friends to play this with, just avoid it."
76561197995375563,Not Recommended,394690,22361041,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Jacobski,"[0.1.0.2 Review]ProsThe Mini-games are extremely addictive and well made. Having been a fan of the mini-games from GMod Tower, it's nice to see that they've made the transition from Source to U4 well.Graphically the game looks pretty good, and the 'Plaza' is very nicely detailed, with a lot to explore and see.The developers have already released several patches a few days after release. It's brilliant to see that they are keen on bringing the game up to a high standard.ConsMy main gripe with this game is how open everything is. Sure, it looks great; but in practice having a plaza region so large when approximately 100 players are in a server at a time, makes the game world feel empty and dull. The prime example of this openness however, is in the tower itself. Spanning multiple floors, the tower is just way too big to cater for 100 people. I mean, the game world is so vast in the first place that you'd be lucky to ever see five people inside the tower let alone 100. The 'Condo's are also tremendous in size, with each player also owning their own virtual ocean! I realise this is supposed to be a video game, but how you can have the sea literally on your doorstep when you are 20 floors above is just insane and breaks the immersion. Personally, the sea also removes the feeling of individually owning a condo rather than it seeming like you own the same one as every other player. The original GMod Tower rooms for example, were perfect. They were duplicates just like these now, but the lack of the sea and a large balcony made each room feel like it was unique and rightly belonged in an apartment block.Lack of optimization. It doesn't run bad by any means, but it's not unusual to see the game crash way more frequently that I'd like. However, as discussed in the Pros section, the developers are constantly updating the game, so I can't imagine this being a problem for too long.Character customization needs a lot of work. Whether you choose the gender of male, female or milk carton, you will  look exactly like everyone else who's the same gender as you albeit for a different hair colour.Lack of varying animations. E.g. No swimming animation.Overall, the game is definitely fun and has a lot to offer in terms of content, with many more mini games and zones planned in future updates. However, it's still going to need a bit more work before I can begin to recommend it to others."
,Not Recommended,394690,26121287,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Rip LagSwitch :(,A lot of potential but lack of contents. You should wait until the full game is released.
76561198119821186,Not Recommended,394690,26009167,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hipster_Tacos,"I couldn't even get the game to play. My friends and I all purchased this game hoping to have some fun, but all we got was a game that crashes every time you try to join the plaza. All we could do is join a condo and walk around. If this game had actually worked, we all probably would have given it good scores. We all asked for refunds /:"
,Not Recommended,394690,35121852,Posted: 21 September,all,Master Splinter,I'd rather play the GMOD version. Not much gameplay here.
76561198260321852,Recommended,394690,23510637,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mayonaise,THIS GAME SUCKS
76561198135341381,Recommended,394690,24756266,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,TechnoDoggelito,This game is so fun I love it! I highly recommend this game to everyone!
76561198148842689,Not Recommended,394690,23832162,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DictatorJames007,"I found that the only good game mode that i have enjoyed the most so far was mini golf but one of the golf maps keeps freezing, the plaza lobby wont let me join (just sits at the loading screen and freezes). I get that the game is early access but its too broken for my liking at the moment, I would suggest waiting a few months till a lot of the bugs are fixed. This game has potential it just needs time to mature and fix all the bugs :)"
,Recommended,394690,22406741,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,madusa,a lot of bugs in its current state but give it some time as it updates pretty fast
,Not Recommended,394690,24037279,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Loony Moonie,"I would give an actual review, but seeing as how this game simply minimizes itself everytime I try to play it, I can't. Don't buy this unless you want 30 minutes of trying to get it to work for about 3 minutes of play time."
,Recommended,394690,24560258,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mr. Taco,"My computer isn't good enough to run it, but it looks fun so i give it a 69/10"
,Recommended,394690,24712987,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,x10_chama_10x,i want it
,Recommended,394690,26756114,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MellowSkull,0/10 Virus is too easy YEAH BOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
76561198145589061,Recommended,394690,28227717,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Brny,Not sure how im not banned from this game yet.(Not because of cheating) 10/10
76561198068143576,Recommended,394690,32754897,Posted: 24 June,all,Ice Cold Lem,"Well me and my friend were on swamp cinema and this beta male named megacack told us about this game. So we made an educated choice to purchase this game but were suprised to be greeted by empty servers, 12 year olds, and a 1/8 finished game. Yet I still recommend this game because you can ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your friends into making a poor finnacial decision."
76561197979227881,Recommended,394690,24939487,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Riperoni,DiS is DUNK GUME I AM VARY ImPROSSED I aM 6 AT BIG FAN OF GUME AND SLIPNOT
,Not Recommended,394690,23644610,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,RedWormCharlie,"It feels really empty and I am disapointed as to the rate updates come. Cost is steep on this early access. I am not really impressed with any game mode currently.Hopefully things improve, for now, don't bother."
76561198024931985,Not Recommended,394690,23090859,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Turbohand,Couldn't do or connect to anything in the game. Was just listed as Player with no acces to any gameplay.
,Recommended,394690,23549364,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,dingo guy,i like chilling with my boys in the pulse nightclub
,Recommended,394690,23894851,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,retracicle,i can be milk
,Recommended,394690,34892566,Posted: 11 September,all,Machinekiller00 ✿,"Do you enjoy socializing with others, and getting together to play a variety of mini games? Watching any form of media together in the comfort of a theatre, or your own home. Being able to risk all of your earnings in a casino to try to test your luck on getting more. Countless hours of laughter, and enjoyment.Well if you are looking for that then this is the wrong place.I bought this game of the countless amounts of hentai and animal porn in condos. I give this a 10/10 and the porn a 100/10."
76561198249654134,Recommended,394690,28172687,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,UP 844,I love this game! its great! Pixeltail you made a monorail to move around the plaza so why dont you make the subway at the station let you go all over the plaza underground or overground! I highly reccomend that!
,Recommended,394690,23004274,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TorbjornFalk,Guy called me a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ - Didn't realize I was actually a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Jokes on him!
,Not Recommended,394690,24381127,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Paul Blart Mall Cop,"Good game, with a few flaws.The games are good from what I saw, the plaza, and condo are very well made.Customization is good, except for the body types and clothing. I'm sure it'll be improved later.Optimization however, is terrible. 100-200 ping every server and 20 fps when I meet the requirements. Also there aren't very many players.So I'd say, buy this if you want but it's laggy and not very many players. It's good, but I recommend you wait."
,Recommended,394690,23629154,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Pika,Noice
,Recommended,394690,25864596,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,•MY_HEART•T,จัดไปชุดใหญ่ไฟกระพริบบบบบบบบบบบบบบบบบบบๆๆๆๆๆๆๆๆ
76561198041104168,Recommended,394690,29436940,Posted: 22 January,all,england is my city,iz good gam 19/11
,Not Recommended,394690,29192226,Posted: 11 January,all,Corrupted,Says i need microsoft runtime C++ and that i dont have it :( i tried fixing this over and over looking at every video possivle but they just dont work for me. If anyone has a solution that they had to go through it would be greatly appreciated :) game plz fix
,Recommended,394690,22366046,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Tails,gg
,Recommended,394690,25416871,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Hezus,"Played it for a little bit, not to bad."
,Recommended,394690,32802193,Posted: 25 June,all,W3HI,Just waiting for it to be realesed on mac but it looks fun
,Recommended,394690,32827768,Posted: 26 June,all,Phoebus || Hellcase.com,Great game. Sadly my friend don't want to buy it becase this game is more expensive then golf. He would need to get another two dollars. :(
,Recommended,394690,24216902,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Prince_Alwaleed,Is good
76561198162089154,Recommended,394690,33213560,Posted: 3 July,all,calm down man,8==D
,Recommended,394690,32951986,Posted: 28 June,all,"TLM Diversion ""The Hammer Head""",Meh.
,Recommended,394690,23845754,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pool's closed due to aids,Buy this game! It's realy cool! The only ♥♥♥♥ING CANCER OF THIS GAME IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING BALL RACE.NEVER PLAY ♥♥♥♥ING CANCER BALL RACEAlso the game is cool.COMMUNITY IS CANCER.gg no buyrefund plz
,Recommended,394690,33852539,Posted: 28 July,all,Hazy,"game looks so fun, shame my pc is worse than a potato. great that the devs actually care about their game unlike the other 90% of devs in this day and age"
76561198090602126,Recommended,394690,22395536,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Muffinz,"This game is so much fun but yes buggy and Grindy, but a lot of these bugs are getting fixed. I would definitely recommend this game. And I am also looking foward for the new updates!"
,Recommended,394690,32948173,Posted: 28 June,all,Darlene Cornruben,Good game.
,Recommended,394690,22965223,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kuyosakee,Want to build your house of dreams which you wouldn't have money for in real life by playing golf?Well you cant because♥♥♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥ing hard yo.
,Recommended,394690,23843520,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Joedog 💙,If you like to socialize and gamble and have a good time would buy
,Recommended,394690,31803074,Posted: 17 May,all,:3,is pretty gud
76561198146901962,Recommended,394690,26167541,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bobby Randorra,they got puns
,Not Recommended,394690,29186080,Posted: 11 January,all,Zephroze,"""Lost connection to the host""Is the only reason I am giving this game a negative review.If it only took 3 tries it wouldn't even be an issue, but it takes sometimes 10-20 tries to connect to a lobby with only 30 people in it.The Minigames work fine. I am a king at Ball Race and Minigolf is good for credits, BUT I CAN'T ♥♥♥♥ING SPEND MY CREDITS IF I CAN'T JOIN THE LOBBY CAN I?Until this MAJOR issue is fixed, I cannot recommend this game. Otherwise, I am very happy with my purchase.Minor issues:Clipping and random physics issues on minigolf. (Not very frequent)Random FPS drops in a few places, not major. Affects Minigolf(I've HEARD Virus is pretty buggy but I never liked it in GMT)Where's Chimera Hunt? (Oh it's coming out soon, it will be called Little Crusaders)"
,Recommended,394690,26747429,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Goling,NiceNiceNiceNiceNiceNiceNiceNice
76561198031316366,Recommended,394690,22975017,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Harambe,"Sitting in a players condo, named Jesusfreak. Watches Allahu akbar complications10/10 would Allahu akbar again."
,Recommended,394690,30251828,Posted: 28 February,all,<<|Scorpio|>>,"I'll have two number 9's, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's, one with cheese, and a large soda.﻿"
,Recommended,394690,29562550,Posted: 29 January,all,iVerse,twas a time i was in a lobby casually walking down the fountainthen suddenly a milk carton start chasing mehe was chanting a spell to make me a milk carton again (dont ask)NOT TODAY MILK CARTON!!!!!im started running across the plaza until we jumped into the unfinished bumper car areaim running in circle screaming for help but after a while we stop and stare at each otherwe realised we cant get out then started running in circles againand we both screaming for help10/10 gonna be chased by milk carton and get stuck again
,Recommended,394690,24396197,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MeeMéy,MinigolfCasinoTyeping DerbyCondosVirusPlanet PanicCasinoCasinoCasinoCasino
,Recommended,394690,26168894,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,⎛⎝[P GAME] alex sans,I love g mod tower!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,394690,24785057,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Engebretsen,"TBH, its an amazing game, but it has flaws...GOOD~Still has the amazing feel that Gmod tower use to have~implimented building your own condo, which was one of my favorite things to do in Gmod tower~EXTREME graphics~4 Games to choose, each offering TONS of units~An amazing relax gameBAD-Coming soon.Overall rating 9/10"
,Recommended,394690,34871048,Posted: 10 September,all,♿Marek Coming Through♿,trash
,Recommended,394690,32798367,Posted: 25 June,all,Cristiano Ronaldo,GG
,Recommended,394690,35254614,Posted: 27 September,all,Happy Carrots,"G-Mod Tower was fun, this is even more funner. I prefer the Ultimate Chimera Hunts pigmasks/chimera to the Little Crusaders knights/dragon though."
76561198051249328,Not Recommended,394690,32204850,Posted: 5 June,all,Guks,"The only moment where me and my friend had fun with this game was when I decided to ""paint"" the wall of my house with porn... we also watched ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Beyblade raps in a 5k$ 5x5 TV... That was something"
,Recommended,394690,28546346,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,pejn,Runs at 1fps on my computer 10/10 xd
,Recommended,394690,28592204,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Linkle S. Jr,"After all this time the game is still fun and I do like it, but I'd recomend you wait until the game gets out of Early Access in 2017 to pick it up. I do want to go over some nit-picks of mine though and some of them are extremely biased and opinionated but hear me out.I really think they should of stuck with Gmod Tower instead of making this it's own game, the reason why is because there is alot of things they could use and get away with out copy right strikes, now that this is its vary own game I think it's going to limit it's freedom a little bit, not only that but because this runs on Unreal Engine 4 I doubt many people from GMT will be able to come back until they get a hardware upgrade.You see that was the good thing about Garry's mods game modes is you can basically do anything and play anything with a low end PC, that's why I loved GMT so much its because my hardware was garbage, my friend did make a good point, he doesn't think they care about the game they just care which engine is developer friendly and UE4 is vary developer friendly so I can see why they chose UE4.It still really makes me sad, I was expecting alot of the old GMT members to come back, the community in GMT was amazing, you barely saw someone who was an♥♥♥♥♥hole and I think the reason why is because they where all basically poor, it really seems like poor people are alot nicer but when it comes to people with a good income it seems like they happen to be complete♥♥♥♥♥hats, I noticed alot of toxcicity in every game mode I played in Tower Unite even Mini Golf, who the hell gets mad at Mini Golf?Any way to wrap this up, I think Pixel tail is doing a great job and I'll support them because who knows, I think the toxicity problem will get better when the game releases, but to my knowledge those are the only things that I dislike and miss about the old GMT, it's going to lack freedom in what games they can make and what playermodels they can have, it's also going to require anyone with a crappy PC to get an upgrade if they want to return. In other words, I'll always miss GMT's community and the freedom that it had with it's player models and game modes. But this is still a good game and will probably get better as time goes on.TL:DRI have a couple of Nit Picks but other than those, it's a great game, basically just GMT with an engine upgrade."
76561198266721685,Recommended,394690,29507121,Posted: 26 January,all,backstabbing bitch,You can gamble and buy TV in this game. Then you end up selling your bed to spin a wheel of fortune and win a potato.
,Recommended,394690,25182370,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,coffee,─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son!███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A good game!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
,Not Recommended,394690,33235319,Posted: 4 July,all,Android,"Pros:-Kind of fun.-Sort of cheap.-Tons of weeb and fuzzy pornCons:-Constant graphical errors-Horrible optimization-Features are often ""out of order"" (casino, games, etc...)-Laggy, buggy-You are paying to help these guys bug test a remake of a GMod mod.-You can paste any picture from the internet to the walls of your house, but for some reason the game filters what Youtube videos can be streamed to the media queue in game.......Might be fun when its finished and better polished, but as is, its a way for people to play mindless mini games so they can decorate a virtual home with porn."
,Recommended,394690,26362049,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Le naen ae,"Is good.Get pls.Also, support devs pls.Honestly though, this game is what you need if you want to have a good time with your friends, it got a lot to do and caring developers, ain't that nice?Peter in real.Brian.Reply to this or your mother will die in her sleep"
,Not Recommended,394690,29128755,Posted: 8 January,all,CosmicTickles,I would love the game...if I could play it. The game is SUPER laggy and none of my games are laggy (excluding Arkham Knight) and it keeps saying  I'm offline or to check my internet when I have internet and I'm offline. I have seen gameplay and it looks AWESOME but it's broken.
76561198080186155,Not Recommended,394690,23392914,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dangerlurking,"At the moment that I write this gmod tower is NOT worth it at least in my view. Now coming into this I had decent expectations since I loved gmod tower in gmod as it was one of my favorite game modes to play on, and one of the reasons I do not like this as much is because I do not have a very powerful PC and lowering the settings down to minimum does not seem to help at all. And to add to the frustration some of the game modes that I and others played (Such as PVP) are completely missing, (And yes I know that UCH could not return due to licensing issues) in conclusion do not pick this up YET, the game will get better eventually more game modes will appear character customization will be improved and other features will be added."
,Not Recommended,394690,22599776,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Knight-Hart,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥broken I cant even open it anymore
,Not Recommended,394690,30847823,Posted: 30 March,all,[SGN] 🎃xymoron,"The first time I played this I had about 10 FPS, I wasn't able to trasfer my data and I uninstalled the game.I just decided to try once again and I see the servers are pretty dead & I'm instantly having issues even clicking buttons on the menu (Pointer wasn't aligned or something).Anyways, I don't recommend this game.Developers, please host a legacy version of GMod Tower, i'd even be willing to pay AGAIN to play it."
,Not Recommended,394690,32074617,Posted: 30 May,all,dubs,"Barely any people are online (for most of the day at least) , and it is hard to find games to play on. Unless you plan to gamble for most of your ingame time, I wouldn't buy this game for all of its minigames."
76561198068783471,Not Recommended,394690,22962352,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Prometheus,"i felt that the game was too unfinshed to justify keeping the game, i felt that the game took away from what was good about gm tower possibly because of copyright e.g. posters or costumes based on Tv shows and games also what annoys me (but i understand the devs views on it)is that they took down the gm tower severs on gmod so i don't recommend buying this game unless you really, really, really want to support the game in it's development."
,Not Recommended,394690,34744814,Posted: 4 September,all,Kudde,"It's a fun game, but no where close to being a full/replayable game. You need friends with you also or the game gets boring even quicker. Character models are terrible, using the FUSE models that are and were never good. I'd give the game a 5.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,394690,27409724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,.҉  Reme✧,It's aight
,Not Recommended,394690,25360145,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jonthefuzz,"I could have used the money to buy food instead of this game.I mean dear god this is insulting. Garry's Mod Tower was the best, and I mean the best gamemode in Garry’s Mod ever, and what did you do? You gave us this deplorable mess of a game. First off, this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is the only game I have to play at low settings and it still barely works. It doesn't matter though, because even at high setting the game looks like total♥♥♥♥♥♥ I also love the two lazy cocking fuse modes they threw together in five♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥seconds, don’t like them? Have a low poly carton of damned milk. Oh, and the returning player bonus is a revolting joke, you get less than one tenth of the value of your items from Garry’s Mod Tower. This Is like having to play Pro Skater 5 but weren’t allowed to play any other Tony Hawk’s game ever again other than that one. I am genuinely insulted they thought this was a genius idea. I don’t hate these developers, I loth theme.I Preorder this game, I would get my money back if I could. There is not a single game that subverted my exception more than this piece of trash. Don’t buy it, don’t even think of buying it. Buy the Beginner Guide, buy simpleplanes, buy duck game, go to a strip club, buy sixty packs of Ramen and give it to the food bank, do anything other than buy this game, everything is a better use of your hard earned fifteen dollars that this wretched filth."
,Not Recommended,394690,32753476,Posted: 24 June,all,PureJeenyus,16 attempts later I got into a server. Oh wait nevermind. Let me keep trying.
,Recommended,394690,22870556,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,squidyy,"I will always remember the good times i had on GMT Lobby 1rest in piece old friend, rest in piece"
,Recommended,394690,22895315,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ᔕᕼᖇᑌᗰ,Good Game!
76561198042769759,Recommended,394690,24004490,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kinchee,got vac banned from my friend.10/10 its permanent.
,Not Recommended,394690,33054373,Posted: 30 June,all,LikeJackieChanButALittleFaggot,"The game is a buggy mess, constant lag in every gamemode I tried."
,Not Recommended,394690,32878879,Posted: 27 June,all,S U C C,kind of meh...
,Not Recommended,394690,24827015,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dr. Chair,"0.1.1.7 is the worst update ever. If they actully optimized it, I would keep playing it. They dident optimize it at all. They made it lag for me so much that im done with this game."
,Not Recommended,394690,32900649,Posted: 27 June,all,Martian,Bad mini games the game
,Recommended,394690,30235872,Posted: 27 February,all,009 Sound System,123
76561198048048796,Recommended,394690,24201789,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,kierankent,good game
,Recommended,394690,23300552,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,african america,Trash
,Recommended,394690,25907974,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,minus 1 that's 3 quick maths,"Pretty awesome, although there are massive frame dips in the theater and there isn't many mini games at the moment.Really want to see the return of Free for All from Gmod tower."
,Recommended,394690,30027007,Posted: 18 February,all,spooky mewt,play wth friend(s) for fun
,Recommended,394690,30478330,Posted: 12 March,all,TCScary 🎃,It's free
,Recommended,394690,33008748,Posted: 29 June,all,Mute,1. Play minigolf with friends.2. Earn in game money.3. Gamble all of your in game money.4. Repeat.5. Develop a gambling addiction and cry.
,Not Recommended,394690,33207559,Posted: 3 July,all,katriin the phoenix,game has poor optimizing
,Recommended,394690,30076354,Posted: 21 February,all,Scootiie,LEGIT LEFT 9 BL**DY HOURS INTO THIS GAME ONLY TO COME BACK TO SEEING THAT ALL MY F**CKING BL**DY STUIPID RET**DED GOD D**N S**T IS GONE AND I HAVE TO RE-F**KING START THIS GAME I WANT TO F**KING DIE
76561198281950248,Recommended,394690,23935824,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ricky,kappa
76561198279337221,Recommended,394690,24724696,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,nikolasdionsavio2002,"i cant play the games, join servers and create servers. it says that player offline even though i am connected to the internet. but the games is fun and easy to play"
,Recommended,394690,28626746,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rice,Ball gang. xd
76561198075105575,Recommended,394690,23026331,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,NaCl,Fanta is a very orangey drink.
,Not Recommended,394690,26304707,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Badaba,"Honestly it's a direct downgrade from GmodTower. It gets rid of the entire silliness and fun feel of GmodTower which in case you don't know was essentially the game before Tower Unite. I spend half the game trying to find any sign of life on any of the servers and once I find the game it's just the same thing. It's like when a company tries to make a rip-off of a good game except this time the rip off is made by the same company. If you're looking for GmodTower, you won't find it here. If you're looking for more of a get together and hang out chill vibe but has empty value, it's a pretty good match"
,Recommended,394690,28430653,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ShArPeR ScArF,"I really like the gamemodes in tower unite. Its really fun playing with friends.Dev's are active always and fixing stuff, at the same time adding cool updates."
,Not Recommended,394690,31934842,Posted: 24 May,all,Ruddy Bich,With the current state of the game. I would not reccomend. The concept is great and this game does still have lots of potential. However with the current state of the game. I would not reccomend until the game is a little more optomized. With a recent update my frames went from 60 to 10. Maybe my pc is just♥♥♥♥♥♥but im not the only one experiencing the drops.Besides the performance issues the game is amazing but in my opinion i think the devs should have kept gmod tower untill they got their game running in a better manner.
76561198086033925,Not Recommended,394690,29341537,Posted: 18 January,all,Sinewylvyx,its a good idea but it needs a very good computerabout gmod the good thing is that it works very well with like 200+ modsi may visit this game when its not early access but for now i wonti dont recomend it atleast not for now
76561198119438954,Recommended,394690,22870337,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,[VG] GJ456,"This is really fun i do enjoy everything though i wish you can play cards against humanity, apples to apples or uno in your condo or in the arcde when its finished, its just something i would like to see"
76561197988336923,Recommended,394690,22885964,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,kittenslayer,This is great and this is even better then gmod tower
76561198172774145,Recommended,394690,32062332,Posted: 30 May,all,0.To.60.In.4.5,OP PS HOME
,Not Recommended,394690,32899238,Posted: 27 June,all,Arrakis,"Horribly unoptimized grabage. Bottom of the barrel filth that shouldn't be on steam. Please, go! Just leave!!!! Don't buy this crap!!!"
,Not Recommended,394690,24052147,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,teh lulz train,"this is an extremely slow work in progress, comparable to DayZunoptimized and no casinoand the playerbase is dead (presumably for the lack of content for $15..)"
,Not Recommended,394690,33338001,Posted: 7 July,all,CAZZER csgo500.com,Terrible game... Made bareable by the glitches eg: getting outside the map... But they have fixed those therefore it is now the most useless game I own even after the game the closes itself down when launched... Extremely long waiting times with nothing good at the end.
76561198119663869,Not Recommended,394690,34671797,Posted: 1 September,all,Ghost,"Not worth the asking price. There are very few modes that are finished and less than half are actually entertaining.I only recommend buying this game if it is on sale, otherwise you won't get your money out of it."
76561198047234367,Not Recommended,394690,24570338,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,hung jeezy,the only thing that sucks about this game is that the mini golf physics are terrible. wish it actually did what it was supposed to do....so lame.
,Not Recommended,394690,31227433,Posted: 18 April,all,TheClassicalGod,"I'd love to be able to recommend this, but as it stands right now I just can't. I absolutely hate leaving negative reviews and this may actually in fact be the first that I have.I love the idea and respect that they broke away from GMOD for the freedom to do what they wanted, but the performance of this game is just abysmal. Running a 4790K overclocked to 4.5GHz, GTX970 also overclocked a bit on core and memory, 8GB RAM, and running off an SSD, just trying to launch the game can sometimes take upward of 5 minutes to get past the splash screen to the main menu, then another 5 - 10 minutes load into any of the official lobbies where, regardless of graphics settings, I see 60fps no problem until I try to move, and then it can stay on a single frame for 5+ seconds, then it'll stutter, and if it doesn't go back to being stuck on a single frame, it'll jump back to 60fps for a quick moment and be a disaster again.I'd love to tell you this is just a bad overclock that i'm running, but it was like this prior to the overclock and I am still able to play games like Ghost Recon Wildlands at 1920x1080 with some settings on high while others are on ultra and get a solid 60fps 90% of the time. 50fps if i'm livestreaming.There is absolutely no excuse for a game of this scale to run as bad as it does on the platform that it is running on. I've slapped together solo projects in UE4 that have all run smoother. UE4 practically does most of the work for you.I was mainly looking for another chill game to hang with friends and do random mindless stuff. I was mostly interested in having another Golf game, but even for that I cannot recommend this with how things currently are. If the person hosting the game is getting a low framerate, the physics are just broken. You click to take your shot and it's delayed by at least a full second. Automated moments on courses, that you have zero control over, land you out of bounds.Dedicated servers let you host your own plazas, but since the plaza is basically directly connected to the in-game economy, you can't play in the casino and i'd assume the rest of the mini games directly in the plaza because they aren't sure of how to stop people from scamming it on their own servers so they just disabled it, thus making dedicated servers pretty useless. Not to mention the fact that no matter what I do, I can't see my own server unless I run it on a second computer in the house, even with all ports forwarded properly for the server and forcing the game to use alternate ports. They're all standard Steam ports. If you're set up for gmod, you should already be set up for this.As I said before, I really want to like this game... I really do.. but this is still early access and only time will tell whether it is something that will get better with time."
76561197992505364,Not Recommended,394690,22545431,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,misty is cut3,This ♥♥♥♥ing game gives me♥♥♥♥♥cancer
,Not Recommended,394690,24249628,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,fauxset,GMOD towers was probably one of the best gamemodes. I know this is early access but atm its alot different and i don't really like it as much. Not alot of people play it and theres not that many mini games
76561198138223931,Recommended,394690,29006513,Posted: 4 January,all,YaQ⠀KYS,":)0.3.6.1 ver.atm in the gamePlaza:CasinoTriviaTyping DerbyBowlingLaser TagTheatreFerris WheelRollercoasterShops to buy items7 CondosGame WorldMinigolf:              8 MapsBall Race:           9 MapsLittle Crusaders: 4 MapsVirus:                  5 MapsPlanet Panic [Alpha]  1 Map""coming soon""Plaza:FishingArcadePlaza EventsShooting GalleryNightclubBumper CarsGame WolrdMinigolf Map: OdysseyGame Wolrd: Planic PanicGame Wolrd: Slaugtherday Night LiveGame Wolrd: Horror HillGame World: AccelerateGame Wolrd: Zombie MassarceothersCookingBilliardsAir Hockeyand even moreusefull linkhttps://trello.com/b/6BwRMiPw/tower-unite-roadmap"
,Not Recommended,394690,23256709,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,EllieAvora,"I think this is the first time I'm ever going to write a bad review for a game. Normally I'm a very happy person when it comes to games that I purchased but this time around it was a game I ended up getting a refund for. I wanted to buy this game for the fact that it could have possibly replaced the virtual world that I play on a lot. I liked how there was a gaming aspect and the idea of it is perfect. It's how it goes about presenting itself that was disappointing. I was extremely excited for this game, extremely like I was fangirling all over it to try it. I was thinking in my head omg! Something to replace my other game I won't be spending close to $100 a month for all the perks and to live on that specific game happily. But for once I cannot say that this would have been the best choice and I honestly would rather pay the $100 a month for land and outfits etc on my other game and use my imagination.Pros:-> Being able to customize pretty much everything in game (your character, home, when you play mini golf your golf ball.)-> Having the multiplayer feature so your not alone when playing the games-> The different types of minigames so there should be something for everyone to enjoy-> Being able to chat with different people inworld when playing gamesCons:-> No one chats even though it is extremely encouraged in this game-> It is hard to earn money to get the things you want you really have to work at it-> The graphics aren't the best when it comes to the characters and I would possibly repurchase the game if character customization was more fluid and had many more options it does have a good start though. I also understand the graphics was probably so the game could work on most computers for most people, but sometimes having those good graphics just make a game better. I'm a graphics buff but thats just me.-> The gameplay was kinda chopy on many games I played-> A lot of the different games lagged and were very hard to control because of this-> The only place you can really do what you want is your own condoWhat I feel would make this a great game:-> Add in a sandbox where people can create there own things-> Add a build mode so instead of the condo give people the option of land so players can build there own dream home and castle.-> Possibly the better graphics I know for me that would make it better but I'm not judging 100% on that-> Have a more fluid gameplay so fixing as much lag as you can would be nice-> Add a media option so players can listen to their own music while playing games so they don't have to keep there browser up with youtube just to listen to music they want, or spotify, or pandora, etc.-> With the media in the home and in the theater make it so that if you don't want to watch what is being streamed by someone else you can still be in the area but watch what you want to watch.-> Encourage more imaination and customization (You could do this in a number of ways but thats what makes a game a game it all starts with an idea and then becomes reality.)If everything else is later added in the future I would definitely consider picking the game back up again but for now it's just not ready and it's not something I had complete fun with. I see a lot of opportunities for this game but the company has to take the leaps to get it to where the players want it to be. I hope my review somewhat was helpful and that the company takes the risks in continuing to improve. Altogether, they are taking risks and making something that a lot of people would get into and love it just needs more work. I understand it's in early access which is why I'm not judging this too harshly but yeah."
,Recommended,394690,22350072,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fuzzy,Meh.Refunded.
76561198120510755,Not Recommended,394690,34356047,Posted: 19 August,all,Alpha,10/10 for everything but casino. I spent 8 hours on the same machine and I had at least 50+ times where it was 1 away from the jackpot on wheel of money.
76561198110135584,Not Recommended,394690,33106804,Posted: 1 July,all,🌺 Nikkitori 🌺,GAME IS BUGGY! *CRIES*
,Not Recommended,394690,25015842,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SpicyG,"""Coming soon"""
,Not Recommended,394690,30239649,Posted: 28 February,all,Ceza999,Now just over a year after release this game still feels like a shell of its GMOD counter part. Besides the graphical upgrades I would say GMOD Tower was the better version through and through.
,Not Recommended,394690,35110776,Posted: 21 September,all,Zimon4eR 🐺 (0Fox),"No ppl, no gameplay. You need at least 4 friends with this game to have fun."
,Not Recommended,394690,27401360,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xKen,"Great concept, but lack content."
,Not Recommended,394690,24133844,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pinhead Larry^o^,why i cant play microsoft visual c++ 2013 runtime:( I WANT TO PLAY I GOT THE MONEY
,Recommended,394690,30249322,Posted: 28 February,all,lime_zest,this game is lit
,Recommended,394690,34498496,Posted: 26 August,all,Commander Hvsk,best games forcsgosilver.com
,Not Recommended,394690,34597479,Posted: 29 August,all,rock0head132,The game needs a lot of work  Do not get it yet it is unstable
,Not Recommended,394690,33985593,Posted: 2 August,all,IIIStrife,"For hte time being this game is FAR too incomplete to seriously review, so instead just heed my words.NEVER enter Plaza unless you're computer is GOOD by today's standards, or else no matter how smooth it in some places, you will CRASH to 0-1 FPS at purely random moments should you look in a general direction, irregardless of graphical options.This game is THAT unoptimized, however if you play any Main Games, you'll be fine performance-wise.But due to it being so laggy and terribly built in the Plaza, which is SUPPOSED to be a sort of hub for ALL activities you could ever want to do in this game, I cannot recommend this for any pricepoint, unless it was under a dollar.An amount of money that is entirely irrelevant for any level of poverty or financial priviledge in a 2nd world country like Canada."
,Not Recommended,394690,22929132,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Decap,I had to get a refund. I loved Gmod Tower so I did the benchmark test to make sure my pc could run the game. I got an average of 25-30 fps which for my rig is decent. However once I got into the game I was getting max 10 fps in the menu and 1-10 range while actually playing. This is with settings at the lowest. So I'm going to wait a few months and see if it gets any better before I purchase again.
,Not Recommended,394690,34099160,Posted: 8 August,all,Young Mystic | Gone for 6 months,"At it's current state, this game is not worth $15.At the moment, there's not a lot you can do in the game, and that's coming from me with only 17 hours.There aren't a lot of things you can use your units(money) on, and it feels like you're earning money for nothing but a very few amount of cosmetics and condos and condo customization.Sure, the minigames(especially Mini Golf and Little Crusaders) are fun and addictive, but even they get boring after a while, as there aren't that many maps.Don't get me wrong, I love this game and I know this is Early Access and that a lot more minigames and items are being worked on as we speak, but if anyone is looking to buy this game, maybe wait a few more months, and then it should be worth its $15 price tag.Also, stay away from the casino unless you want to go insane"
,Not Recommended,394690,33448860,Posted: 10 July,all,BinkieMcFartNuggets,how can you even play this crappy game that much lmfao
76561198091366823,Not Recommended,394690,33710062,Posted: 21 July,all,Sora02,"TL;DR Wait 'till the bugs are fixedThe game is fun untill you start running into the bugs. I understand this is early access but the game is FULL OF BUGS. Examples:* The ball in mini-golf has a tendency to phase through the ground.* The game crashes every time you go to laser tag or bowling alley in the plaza.* Virus mode crashesno its not a virus, it's the FPS zombie gamemode* And there's a 50/50 chance the game will crash on any click.The only reason you should get this game in its current state is if you have a crippling gambling addiction and don't want to burn all your money in real life.I forgot to mention the casino, prize wheels are riggedOverall: 6/10 Wait for bug fixes, or just stay in the casinowhich i'll do"
76561198113376261,Not Recommended,394690,30439410,Posted: 10 March,all,Jessie_dan,"Honestly, don't waist your money. This is a coders idea of a fantasy game that basically looks cool. Game mechanics however are about as reliable as bing. I feel like they never test their code when they add anything new to the game because game play is always glitchy. After a while it gets better but this has happened literally every single time they add something. Also the community is half dead so playing games that require at least four people is almost impossible. Overall it's a waist of money time."
,Not Recommended,394690,22734474,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Turrbskii,if anyones thinking of buying this piece of crap DONT this game will crash ALOT when you try loading into plaza and other games ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE GAME DONT EVER BUY IT
,Not Recommended,394690,34202052,Posted: 12 August,all,maverickbxv,worse than league
,Not Recommended,394690,23739202,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Doggo,I got this and now when i try to join plazas or ANYTHING theres nothing there! and i cant equip anything! If this is happening for others i dont suggest this until its fixed.  Other then that its a good game!
76561198260361078,Not Recommended,394690,31246743,Posted: 19 April,all,thepogomatic,dont get it worked for 1 day then didnt let me play thankfully steam is freat and let me refund although i have 2 hours played
,Not Recommended,394690,22354039,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kimisaru,I would wait 6 months to a year with this one.1.no custom char you can choice between an girl/boy and a milkbox.... yes a milkbox.You cant alter your char they all look the same so.2.Game barely haves anything to do yet.3.i got DC and Crases over 20 times in 1 hour so the server are still so unstable.But the idea is solid just way to early for early acces if you ask me.
,Not Recommended,394690,31219298,Posted: 18 April,all,duwang man,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the amount of space & performance this♥♥♥♥♥♥will eat up despite how mediocre and little content it has is completely hilariousshoulda sticked to source lmao
,Not Recommended,394690,22353189,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,JukeBox,"As of now, it's a very buggy mini golf game subpar to the ones you'd find on a mobile phone. It is surrounded by a very small world that won't distract you from anything."
,Not Recommended,394690,23931316,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Chief,"Awful.Just, uh.. Awful."
,Not Recommended,394690,24619293,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Enviro,I have a great PC....I got 10 FPS.....I refunded the game and got something else.
,Not Recommended,394690,30180213,Posted: 25 February,all,DazAttack,"lagged a crapton, lots of stutters on a GTX 970 even after lowering settings a lot."
76561198065440874,Recommended,394690,22898849,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kira III,its good
76561198038821366,Not Recommended,394690,25970207,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Kyffen,To little content right now even playing with friends the only thing that was ok was mini golf.
76561198159534361,Not Recommended,394690,25970536,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,illudicrous,"When i log onto the game it looked amazin g and the first thing i did was go to the plaza, 30 mins of a map of the plaza, this game is to buggy and should not even be in alpha"
,Not Recommended,394690,23266825,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,douchebagduck,"The settings don't seem to update at all even when refreshingservers are almost nonexistentgameplay is buggy which is to be expected but not as much as it haspromising game but at it's current state (May 28, 2016) I wouldn't recommend buying"
,Recommended,394690,22361370,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,"EDIT 2016/05/04:Somehow it runs much better now.The game itself is fun, although bugs do exist.But c'mon it's EA,upvoted------------Below is the original reviewStephen Hawking runs better than this game"
76561198361290758,Not Recommended,394690,31777971,Posted: 15 May,all,GamerPickle99,my nips are hard because you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ did not fix the game crashing!
,Not Recommended,394690,22310280,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Raiden,"At this moment in time, I would not recommend it. Although it is early access, multiplayer randomly disconnects people, and there is a lot of ping, even when hosting and playing with other people close by."
,Not Recommended,394690,30349826,Posted: 5 March,all,StarKiller,Was way funnier and earier to play / download on Gmod
,Not Recommended,394690,26401140,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,COCK,no people
,Not Recommended,394690,33711837,Posted: 21 July,all,Haina,"When I got the game it was ok but then from there it just got worse and worse to the point where I can barely play it without poor performance, be warned because what you see is not what you get."
76561197962329466,Not Recommended,394690,28170283,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ZemmZ,"Game is SO FAR from playable.....game crashes about 80% on load, and the chance that you DO connect, you will sit and wait for about a 5 minute load screen. I will admit the games are decently fun, and being able to build your condo the way you want it get spretty addicting. The game has potential, but don't waist your money on it yet, as its just not worth the $15. The community is pretty small and extremely cancerous as well, so don't expect any decent interactions. With their small dev team, another year into this game and it should be pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,394690,22310086,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,dead acc pls find new one,"It is way too buggy to buy at this stage.As much as I love GMTower and Pixeltail, the launch was a disaster. Most of the ingame mechanics are broken.Can't join most servers, so if you want to go into your condo from a lobby, be prepared to never walk into that lobby again.I'm requesting a refund, but I'm not stopping anyone from purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,394690,29307000,Posted: 16 January,all,Kiino,Wheel of Money will destroy your life and send you into an endless cycle of depression one can never leave.
76561198078617613,Not Recommended,394690,30182885,Posted: 25 February,all,Bless up,I cant run it it wont let me change from ultra settings
,Not Recommended,394690,29598197,Posted: 30 January,all,Roosevelt,I wanted to like this game so much! When I first saw gmt I saw it on yogscast video and it looked so good! Fast forward 2 months and I owned Gmod and played the GMOD TOWER! I was blown away I made friends enjoyed games and Made my condo It was amazing but Soon after they made the GMOD TOWER TWO! This map was amazing It was everything I wanted out of gmt and more but once again they made me jump for joy when they started work on TOWER UNITE (the game I am complaining about). how they made gmt was limited and had fewer options than tower unite does but the thing this game lacks are friends. Before you say I don't have friends I do and we play this game but the limitations that gmt had due to it being ran gmod meant for you to enjoy the game you had to make friends with people like wow and the game brought you together with them! Hell at least 25 of my friends are from the gmt. I miss getting drunk puking on my friends tv while what is love is playing. Alot of these reviews are done by people who did not play gmt or have less than 30 hours on the game I am not saying that people who did not play gmt can not be fans of TU but they have no idea the swap between Gmt And TU and I mis Gmt so much But I know I will never get that feeling of being welcomed into the game like I was. It was many peoples escape and where they had friends but now sadly it is gone and I will never see gmt again.
76561198025025052,Not Recommended,394690,29875829,Posted: 12 February,all,robert.farraj,my  game never loads correctly it always has a black screen and i cant see what im doing. it would be a good game if i could see what i am doing plz fix this.
,Not Recommended,394690,33799013,Posted: 25 July,all,Deathby,"This game has loads of potential, most of the mini games are fun. However, a lot of the players are not that friendly at all. Most of the players sit in the casino and I realize why now. Most of them are either solo players trying to make money or gambling addicts or perhaps both. You always come out ahead with your money.First time loading into the game I asked some questions in the global chat and everyone either laughed or made some jokes. I learned everything on my own within a couple hours though no problem. There have been multiple occasions on multiple servers where I have tried to play, for example bowling, with a group of people and they refuse to play with you. They will switch lanes, leave to different mini game or flat out tell you off. So you're basically stuck playing most mini games by yourself. That gets boring, real quick.I would only recommend this game to people who will play it with friends. None of my steam friends own this game and real life friends don't want to spend money on a game like this, I don't blame them. If there were more solo players that would leave the casino and do other things, this game would be 10x better."
76561198089472763,Not Recommended,394690,29939012,Posted: 15 February,all,sarahfoster411,suuuper early access. I would hold off on it till it's a bit more playable. but i like the idea of this game.
76561198361744773,Not Recommended,394690,29519777,Posted: 27 January,all,Terminal turtles,"Game is garbage, i enjoyed gmod tower but nott his, runs like trash, bugs everywhere and the developers dont communicate and are greedy as hell. dont waste your time."
76561198074607340,Not Recommended,394690,23608550,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,=LXN= AnderLander,Barley any servers to play on. I cant even costumize my own condo or even get any new items because there arn't any servers.
,Not Recommended,394690,33273870,Posted: 5 July,all,Nacho - Nayvia,"Really bad optimized:RX 480I5 76008RAMBtw the game dont have much sense, i mean it has basic minigames, kinda boring"
,Not Recommended,394690,33554161,Posted: 15 July,all,BlueoVerse,Lack of players in July 2017.
76561198227731344,Not Recommended,394690,25611220,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ShadowPlayz,Poorly optimized frames are total crap for anyone i talk to they all say below 60 fps and one of them had a GTX 1080
,Not Recommended,394690,34204877,Posted: 12 August,all,Satanic Godz,I do not like this game as it crashes often when trying to join different games.
76561198031147758,Not Recommended,394690,23300958,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ghost942,"How I found out: YouTubers (Mini Ladd, Daithi De Nogla, BasicallyIDoWrk)Pros: Mini-Golf is cool (bought it only for Mini-Golf)Cons: Mini-Golf sucks♥♥♥♥♥ needs new physics engineOverall: 6/10, needs updates. Would not recommend at this time"
,Not Recommended,394690,24198895,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sideswipe,"Pff, what a downgrade! Nothing new's been added yet, and the game is worse now. Buy this when it comes out of early access, not now!"
,Not Recommended,394690,30208424,Posted: 26 February,all,♥Tristis Exspiravit♥,"Foreword:Here is my Computer Specs -Processor - AMD Phenom II X4 9556 GB RamGraphics Card - AMD Radeon 7700 SeriesThe performance of this game is inexcusable. Running at a 720p resolution with everything on the minimum, I only get about 23-30 FPS in the plaza. Everywhere else is usually 34-47. I would expect much better from this game, especially considering the engine it uses and how other games have been optimized in the past using it. Overall, for early access, the game isn't horrible. However, I'll only be able to truly pick it up and play it when the performance of the game has been improved, which I presume will be by the time it's no longer in early access. My review will be updated around that time, or if I get a monstrous PC upgrade and can actually judge the full game itself."
,Not Recommended,394690,31144184,Posted: 14 April,all,johndraugr,"BEWARE!!!!!!UPDATE: The following images are now added to show that 1. They did originally promote and state on their website that you could HOST your own server and 2) If you search for Tower Unite in the STEAM search engine you will see two entries.Tower UniteTower Unite Dedicated server.Remember I DID run my own PRIVATE/DEDICATED Plaza and condos when I first picked this game up, so it was definitely a feature and a feature that was advertized as shown in the first attached image below.http://soznet.net/tu1.jpghttp://soznet.net/tu2.jpgBAIT & SWITCH tactics!When I first saw this game one of the MAJOR selling points was the ability to host your OWN / private / Dedicated plaza or worlds.After taking my money, they now remove that MAJOR selling point and simply say you can ONLY host your own condo, but NOT the entire plaza. Had they been honest and stated that in the beginning, then I would have NEVER wasted my hard earned cash on this game. Also, with only 3.3 hours of play from when I first bought the game and ran my own PLAZA server many months back, I am screwed out of a refund. At the time there was some issues and I decided that the program needed more time to develop in EA, so after 3.3 hours, I stopped playing and hosting until development got further along. Now, I return to see how development has gone and I can no longer host my OWN PLAZA/World, etc... This game is USELESS to me and I can't get a refund, or sell it off to someone else. I'm very upset at this and gotta be honest, pulling stunts like that makes me keep my fingers crossed and pray that the project fails! Tactics like that are no different than theft. I mean I should try the same thing... I'll create a game that does X, Y and Z, start it in EA and be sure the PROMOTE X, Y, and Z features. Then once I rake in the big bucks from buyers, I change my tune and say ""Oh... BTW, X, Y, and Z is dropped and essentially all the game is now is a main menu and nothing special anymore"" as long as I hold off for at least 2 weeks then all the buyers who got ripped off, lost their refund ability! Definitely curbing my Steam purhcases and especially EA titles. This left a permenant bad taste in my mouth as I no longer will trust devs and especially Steam's methods."
,Not Recommended,394690,33572642,Posted: 15 July,all,orbital - afk,F U R R I E S.
,Not Recommended,394690,29938488,Posted: 15 February,all,★ Genix ★,"I was so exicted to finish dowloading this. Log on, change settings so my computer doesn't lag and go and play minigolf. I got about 3-4 thousand coins and was exicted to spend them on my condo!! I went to join a server and there were no servers for the United Kingdom so I joined the one with the lowest ping and that was 30 ping. It took 10 minutes trying to connect and at that point I gave up. If you're not in USA it's a waste of your money seeing as you cannot decorate stuff now. Please fix this developers. :("
76561198051549152,Not Recommended,394690,29911552,Posted: 13 February,all,russian monroe,"I really really like the concept and it would be great, but it lacks players. I was on around peek time and there was max 100 players, where 60 of them would be on Frankfurt servers and the rest was in US servers. There's only 4 gamemodes only minigolf is actually decent. The money system is also a bit too squary. You get money from playing games, and that's it. What can you spend them on? Rolling a non-random wheel and wasting them on the casino and maybe buy some furniture for your condo, which is nice, but to buy ONE PIECE of furniture you need to play 2 hours of minigolf straight up, or you can play a really boring first person shooter which is honestly worse looking than the ancient game Zombie Panic Source. All other small activities is just small flashgames basically. I met some cool people, but which the limited playerbase it's very few people you can actually meet.Updates are... Weird. It's early alpha, and I generally dislike early alpha games, because you only pay for the concept, and when you buy the game you get this half baked pie which is missing it's key ingredients. At it's current state I cannot reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,394690,29644124,Posted: 1 February,all,Draco,"GMod Tower, or should i say Tower unite, was the finest game mode back on Garry's Mod, always full with people and with many friendly people, the owners and developers were amazing and meeting them was sweet, Those were the peak days. Now the developers have decided to start their own version, Tower unite, and dont get me wrong, I understand the reasons behind this, but the game shouldnt have been released yet with 4 game modes, which 1 is broken (Virus), 1 is boring (Planet Panic), A desert town of a gamemode that used to be full all the time (Ball race) and Minigolf which seems to give you random strokes for no reason.Welcome to the Casino, where you spend your hard earned money for a chance (roughly 1%) to get the Jackpot?!??!?!11?!?!?! The casino (wheel of money) is so rigged, I've never seen anyone get a jackpot. The Wheel of fortune or whatever its called is rigged, you only either get:*Potato*Hulla Girl* Projector* Bubble Gun (Apparently really rare)*WafflesAnd for the last but not least, the greatest, rarest prize... NOTHING?!?!?!?!?!Condo's are just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ its like the devs, slammed their face into the keyboard and came up with it.The game will be great, and i can't wait till its finnished, but until then, keep your money and be patient, because one day, this game will be like Gmod Tower and until that day, I will not play this game."
,Not Recommended,394690,35227549,Posted: 26 September,all,Pweper,enjoy the one update that actually adds content after a year and its basically just a roller coaster.
76561198139100755,Not Recommended,394690,33494348,Posted: 12 July,all,sera,the game could be really fun if we did not have to listen to other people cursing on voice chat plus for a lot of the games you need more than 2 people then get stuck hearing others curse no thank you not recomended for children or those that don't like drama from others not relaxing or fun at all
,Not Recommended,394690,33781283,Posted: 25 July,all,Maxwell,"The best way i can describe tower unite, is the devs getting pissy with source engine, and choosing to try to remake the entire game in a new engine. And may i point out a promise the devs made? I asked mac if my current computer which was able to run gmod tower with NO problem, was going to be good enough to run TU with no problem, he said there was absolutely no way that it could run worse than GMOD TOWER did, But what happens when i try to play this? 20-15 fps in the lobby, 1 fps in the minigames. And what do those that paid for VIP get? just some extra trophies and♥♥♥♥♥♥ingame"
,Not Recommended,394690,26962235,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Starius65,"I'm sorry. I'm very sorry, guys. I tried, I really did. I have followed you guys for over a year now, but this just isn't playable. I want to like this game, but at least it worked in gmod, now its just a mess. Perhaps, one day, this will be an amazing game. But not now. Please, try to think before you release."
76561197993083046,Not Recommended,394690,29920333,Posted: 14 February,all,Tovarisch,I NEED A MEDIC BAG
76561198359488542,Not Recommended,394690,29490709,Posted: 25 January,all,Nig Jhonais,Needs to be optimized for♥♥♥♥♥♥pc's
76561198073946828,Not Recommended,394690,29462226,Posted: 24 January,all,ZCgamez,This game is not what i expected. I played this on Garry's Mod years ago and I was excited to see this was a thing but when i got into the game i straight away felt it was missing something. It was missing the crazy wacky the cool skins and the cool games and I only got 1 hour of gameplay and I just coudn't stand it anymore. I went to play bowling it was quite and there was no one there and all the other games was the exact same. I just wish in the future they bring it back to Garrys Mod. #R.I.P GMOD TOWER.
,Not Recommended,394690,33014932,Posted: 29 June,all,MeeskeR,not enough players :/
,Not Recommended,394690,34630908,Posted: 31 August,all,Shenesis,"Today i tried to play Tower Unite since a year... What did i noticed? Hmm, the gamemode named Virus Outbreak still not popular(0 servers, 0!!!), but on my opinion(!) this gamemode is the best of all, that TU have at this moment. I do not see anything, that will keep you play this game for a long time. But TU still good for a several days of playing with your friends. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,394690,22341740,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Arctic_Edge,This Game looks great but is SUPER laggy. is barely playable. Don't waste your time.
,Not Recommended,394690,32826095,Posted: 26 June,all,NOXIOUSVEGETA,they killed gmod tower for this trash...very sad...
,Not Recommended,394690,25001269,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheRealrand01 csgoroll.com,I do not get the point of this game you play mini-games and then spend it on your appartment and repeat.
,Not Recommended,394690,34174277,Posted: 11 August,all,Yumeh,I will highly recommend this game once you bring back the horse on a skateboard when you get a spare in bowling.
,Not Recommended,394690,34707644,Posted: 3 September,all,Fλntominate,"this game is not fun at all and there's multiple crashes (yes, i know this game is at it's early stages) but as i said it's very boring."
,Not Recommended,394690,35425872,Posted: 2 October,all,KING ILL,I do not recommend this game as I cant even play it without getting stuck on screens.
,Not Recommended,394690,29863724,Posted: 11 February,all,kabus,"Refunded, It's a laggier and more boring version of GMTowerDon't waste your time, it's been around long enough for most simple things like decent animations and actual normal looking human models to have some actual quality to themThe porn in aparments is great though, good work on that"
,Not Recommended,394690,22311128,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MediocreZone,"The game still doesn't run very well. It's a great game but It really needs to be optimized man,"
,Not Recommended,394690,32160389,Posted: 3 June,all,HasheM,give us back the Gmod server this game is shiiiit i give it 2/10 dont buy it
,Not Recommended,394690,29706470,Posted: 4 February,all,Mump Stump,It Would Be A Really Fun And Amazing Game If Only More People Would Play it
,Not Recommended,394690,29935691,Posted: 14 February,all,Ravenna,"Game is extremely lacking customization features, which is really weird for something like this. Will come back in 5 years once they've implimented basic character body sliders and such."
,Not Recommended,394690,22967497,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Richard McRich,This is not a game I can recommend.  I'll be brutally honest.  This is not fun at all.  This is the only game that I have ever asked for a refund.
,Not Recommended,394690,33998481,Posted: 3 August,all,caboosexiv,"this ""game"" took me into a lagfest."
,Not Recommended,394690,29865648,Posted: 11 February,all,Coffee,"Terrible game  badly optimized, not even finished before taking down GMT, not enough to do, boring,♥♥♥♥♥♥communityGModTower Lobby 1 was the best iteration of any of this.if you want anything remotely similar to GModTower actually ON GMOD.. i Suggest looking for the GModTowerRP gamemode.. they've been doing some decent stuff with what they've got."
,Not Recommended,394690,23764135,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,~xMidnightx~,it's never going to be the same as gmod tower was
,Not Recommended,394690,29995419,Posted: 17 February,all,HelloThere,After the casino update my game no longer open. Please fix this problem
76561198361518991,Not Recommended,394690,30436447,Posted: 10 March,all,N1C423,ever since this new update has happened it doesn't let me access the game if u can't fix it i would like a refund.
,Not Recommended,394690,31452449,Posted: 29 April,all,̝̬̩͓̯̠̪ͦ͒ͦ͒̀ͫ̚̚,bad
,Not Recommended,394690,25551144,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Zato no Ichi,Great idea though I can't play anything with anyone. 0 servers are showing up (I try every month or so). I'll write a more proper review if I can get any servers to show up.
,Not Recommended,394690,26213489,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,$7EAK,4/10
,Not Recommended,394690,22334426,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,sniphs,Runs worse than standalone DayZ.
76561198212087247,Not Recommended,394690,24194104,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Carry IO,"this is the biggest waste of money i have ever spent. My computer has no trouble running ARC Survival, but this terrible game still somehow lagged. the gameplay was unclear and laggy, and very difficult. not because it required skill, but because the shown controls didnt work and it kept freezing. i played under 5 minutes of this game and have already requested a refund. there was 5 options for the refund, and this shocking game filled all of them. it wasnt fun, it lagged, it wasnt what i expected and so on..., you get the picture. dont buy this game, infact dont even download it for free. someone would literally have to pay me to make me feel and incline to re-download this awful game onto my pc."
76561198291190376,Not Recommended,394690,29715946,Posted: 5 February,all,Ethan17,"Unfortunately, I could not play this game as certain microsoft programs required to play the game would not install properly. Therefore, I had to refund it. Nearly a complete waste of my money."
76561198059873414,Not Recommended,394690,29393111,Posted: 21 January,all,RedZeroInferno,"I played G-mod tower for about two years.. started almost immediately after I got Garry's mod, it was fantastic and fun to play.. theeeen it was moved to it's own little game.. Tower Unite.. Alright.. I'll bite..BUT WHY DID YOU REMOVE GMTOWER AS A WHOLE?! AHHHHH ;-;It's cool, it's a great idea, and it IS wonderful on it's own as a separate game from Garry's mod... However.. With that said.. OPTIMIZATION IS ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING REQUIRED. It has many wonderful game-modes, but those game-modes are impossible to play when your computer still get's ♥♥♥♥ all for frames despite being on all of the lowest possible settings, For example I was playing minigolf the other day... or rather.. trying to play it, and I was playing the Watering hole map, There was a part where you're supposed to land in a minecart, and the minecart takes you to the next playable area... towards the end of the course in fact, However.. The frame-rate dropped randomly when I was in the minecart.. AND IT GLITCHED ME THROUGH THE DAMN THING AND PUT ME OUT OF BOUNDS, And the worst part about all this is the fact that I was playing on my own, hosting my own server, with no one else in it, and yet I was still getting frame-rate issues, and this game isn't even graphics intensive, what's the deal?Besides all that I really don't see why the Devs decided they would flat out remove GM Tower from Garry's mod, They could've left the version that was in place there for the rest of us to play while we wait for Tower Unite to ACTUALLY FINISH so it can not lag every five seconds for no reason at all."
76561198382261372,Recommended,394690,31163123,Posted: 15 April,all,"Heather,kettle,games,","A game that breaks down online interaction into its most basic forms: hentai, gambling, and skeletons"
,Not Recommended,394690,22313297,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Xerxes,"A very, very dissapointing launch honestly. Bare bones and the seperate userrun servers are dissapointing honestly. Defeats the entire purpose of the UNITY part of Tower Unity. Lots of other stuff to be said, but most of it's self explanatory. Wait a little while before buying this game."
76561198041872439,Not Recommended,394690,26020045,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MOVED,"So laggy that it's unusable, consumes gigabytes of memory, and definitely not worth the 15 ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS charged for it. Don't buy this filth."
,Not Recommended,394690,34174623,Posted: 11 August,all,Ned Flanders,This game is hell on earth. Its quite literally a gmod server + some trash game modes. Would never play again or recomend. Just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of gmod. Give it time though maybe it will be cool in the next couple of years.
,Not Recommended,394690,25562130,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mr Scumbag,"This looked like it could be some casual fun, so I picked it up.Problem is, I can't enjoy any of the new casino content because I have no money as a new player, and the game isn't populated enough for me to find enough players to play any of the games with to make money.I've spent more time waiting for the game to load, getting numerous connection and version mismatch errors, and waiting for other players who never show to start a match.The game is very poorly optimised, and loading into an area brings back memories of Second Life. It's crashed multiple times for me in the small amount of time I played it.I tried my best to give it a good go, but there's way too much you'd have to forgive and overlook. This seems like a game that could be good after another year or two of development, but right now it's kind of a mess.I'm very thankful for Steam refunds right now."
76561198303162464,Not Recommended,394690,25934342,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,dr2d2,this game is okay but it takes forever to load and its kinda  waste of money and there is like nobody on and ya know what screw it im gonna refund it and get skyrim or csgo
,Not Recommended,394690,33779184,Posted: 24 July,all,Jellyfish,boring
76561198041032009,Not Recommended,394690,29106005,Posted: 7 January,all,♘Turkrama♘csgoroll.com,eat my♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394690,31718027,Posted: 13 May,all,Nordack,"Not a good buy -Ian N.This is why you shouldnt buy Tower Unite. Tower Unite is a big waist of time and is not an enjoyable experience.  Its likeGrand Theft Autobut the grinding in GTA is actually fun. Sure the game seems great for the first few hours of playing but over time it gets repedetive and boring. If you are considering buying this game i would reconcider its more of a past time than an actuall game and i dont see it as being complete even with the stuff the said they were going to ""add"". Beside that the in game products are over priced and the force you to grind for what seems like an eternity to by a simple item like a stove. This is why this is not a good option to buy if you want to just be prepaired to request a refund (and we all know how that goes) thats all thanks fir thaking the time to read this review."
,Not Recommended,394690,23569692,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sean,This game is terrible. I bought it and my graphics card kept crashing and recovering. This game is not worth the $15 bucks.
76561198087339422,Not Recommended,394690,24209009,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,CEO of Hooomans,not very optimised and servers are still♥♥♥♥♥♥but good idea for game
,Not Recommended,394690,30330139,Posted: 4 March,all,Level1noob,learn what optimization isits ue4 and still run like my dead  cat
,Not Recommended,394690,29529334,Posted: 27 January,all,your autistic friend,GREAT ♥♥♥♥ING GAME IF YOU HAVE NERVES TO WAIT FEW DAYS TO LOAD 2 SERVERS IN THE SERVER LIST.... ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT. NO INFO ABOUT LAG FIXING OR ANYTHING. GREAT COMMUNITY :======)))))))))))))))
76561198349246578,Not Recommended,394690,33897412,Posted: 29 July,all,LeckyBoy,"♥♥♥♥♥ass game, deadass"
,Not Recommended,394690,28824737,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rodegues,hard to get ♥♥♥♥ing money♥♥♥♥ the casino -_-..!..
,Not Recommended,394690,29992596,Posted: 17 February,all,Harles,crashes alot i hate it.
76561198059899042,Not Recommended,394690,30015652,Posted: 18 February,all,﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽,"Crash simulator 2017.GMOD Tower was so much better, not to mention it was so limited as well and was able to pull off so much more and was so much more stable, just wait until the game gets released."
,Not Recommended,394690,29855897,Posted: 11 February,all,myaa☆,=)
76561198067831836,Not Recommended,394690,25442059,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[GBG] Kevin,"A game with such simplistic textures is still unplayable on lowest quality, Why did gmod tower have to turn into this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ most of the graphics are shaders and some of which you cannot dissable making the game laggy for people without ♥♥♥♥ing supercomputers!"
76561197978623771,Not Recommended,394690,30316858,Posted: 4 March,all,[LG] Flack#,"RIP GMod Tower, It was free, and it didnt take 5 hours to load up just the world, then an extra 2 hours, to play a game."
,Not Recommended,394690,26377148,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,狗 (Pie),This game is dead asf
76561198127872977,Not Recommended,394690,22451744,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ryan,NO
,Not Recommended,394690,26226157,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Loxxy,gmod tower gamemode was better
76561198107504031,Not Recommended,394690,25955326,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Khanzeal,15 euro for a unity demo full of 'coming soon' signsnice.
,Not Recommended,394690,34440911,Posted: 23 August,all,S.S Georgie,dont waste ur money
76561198048712516,Not Recommended,394690,23077205,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Homunculus,i didnt pay 15 dollars to see camale slaughter
76561198104336419,Not Recommended,394690,29213274,Posted: 12 January,all,Exgvg,"Screw this, I switched to windows 10 to play this damn game and windows 10 made my computer all the more cruddy. why does it need C++ windows run time anyway? trying to play this was a huge waste of time."
,Not Recommended,394690,24338466,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,epicmatthew99,wouldnt load couldnt play
76561197970404440,Not Recommended,394690,31469375,Posted: 30 April,all,Scrundle,"Only get this game if you want to chat with animal abusers and pedophiles because that's all you'll meet on any server.I don't know why they choose to use this game as some sort of meeting place but it is disgusting.I gave the game a fair chance; nobody on the servers are actually playing the games, they're just talking about pornography, most of it involving minors and animals.Do not fund and encourage this.EDIT-I feel must be more fair in my review as this is not the fault of the game but the gamers who happened to be playing it, the game itself seemed entirely competent and ran well on my system though I was only able to explore the plaza and casino, no amount of waiting in a queue ever resulted in a game being played despite there being over forty people online at the time.I would also like to retract the statement ""on any server"", I wrote that in haste and it is inaccurate because I did not actually play on all official servers, only the one which was highest populated. I believe it was Official US Chicago? I may be wrong about that but it was certainly an Official US server. I joined it for approximately 35 minutes initially, left due to the topics of discussion in chat and came back a few hours later to find the same people talking about the same things. This left a terrible impression and unfortunately coloured my review. I am still leaving it as negative however unless something happens to help stop this problem. A quick internet search reveals I am in no way the only person to find objectionable content in this game and I am sorry if reporting on such in a review upsets you. Many thanks."
,Not Recommended,394690,25827573,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,wow wow whevesy,BANNED FOR NO REASONSO I WAS BANNED FROM THE MAIN SERVER FOR NO REASON PLEASE SOMEONE HELP ME GET THIS OUT TO A DEV I NEED HELP
,Not Recommended,394690,26460148,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,C0nga,"Dear god no.Every minute i pour into this game just makes me think the devs absolutely do NOT care.The loading times are EXCESSIVELY long and lets not forget the game runs horribly on weaker machines (Yet we had optimisation update, didnt we?)The lobby takes apporox 20 mins to load (unless you have an SSD, but i cant test the speed since windows eats it entirely), and then you got nothing to do but shop or go to casino.Now minigames:Minigolf - There are absolutely no physics involved. Its mostly RNG. Oh and you will freeze alot (You wont be able to shoot the ball anymore). Oh and did i mention that the newest map as of now (Emmision i think?) had an OUT OF BOUNDS HOLE on launch.Ball race - Somewhat fun, but absolutely doesnt work if you are a client with ping over 60.Planet panic - Noone plays this. Noone.Virus - Noone plays this either, but it doesnt matter since it sucks anyway.Remember this is still early access but i doubt much will change.I'll change this review once the game gets out of early access, which i personally doubt since nothing happens.Tl;dr: unoptimised trainwreck that runs worse than PAYDAY 2 does (If you play it you know its horrible in all ways).Optimise and fix physics please. But why ask if the devs are deafer than OVERKILL?I'd like to also say that i written this review during lobby loading. I'm dead serious."
,Not Recommended,394690,31938249,Posted: 24 May,all,♥♥♛★Ale✘★♛♥♥,V.A.C     for Nothing
76666666464545455,Not Recommended,394690,22901607,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,KillerBurrito,"I saw some streamers play this game so I thougth I would give it a try! There are so many things wrong with this game that just make it bad! Like the loading screen, I waited in a loading screen for 30 mintues and I have amazing inernet and an amazing computer! And also there is hardly no one on the servers and so many other problems! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198271661154,Not Recommended,394690,25571658,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,vagamer01 (goro akechi),love the game but man i was palying casino and i couldnt exit out and now it says im still running it jesus i hope for an apoligy and better effort in making games if not bring back gmtower
,Not Recommended,394690,31070975,Posted: 10 April,all,FluffehTaco,It is a fun game but no one plays it.
,Not Recommended,394690,25546056,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Trash,"I don't know if it's Pixeltails implementation or Valve's fault, but I was VACed in this game for no known reason. I'm not looking for sympathy here, but this game is now completely unplayable par the settings menu."
,Not Recommended,394690,27718552,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blim,"Ok, im not going to mention any broken things in this since its early access but what I WILL mention is how stupid of an idea this game is...You go from a platform where you can get away with using third party player models and such and you scrap it, and make it so you have it on a platform where you can not get away with using third party player models. Bogus.In the game's current state, it is lackluster, pointless, and boring.""YOU CAN'T SAY THAT THIS IS IN EARLY ACCESS!!!"" No I can and I will say it this is boring! Even after they update it more and add new game modes it will STILL be boring. This is what happened to the old gmod tower servers they got boring. It's not just the dev's fault, it's everyone's fault. This game gets very boring after about 100+ hours of play and if you're not a social butterfly going around with a mic, or no one else is either, then the game is completed. There's nothing else to do.This is why cinema servers on gmod are so popular now because they take the basic principle of gmod tower and amplify what people like by assembling a community that is friendly and social.TL;DR don't waste your money the game in the current state is lackluster and boring. Go play gmod instead"
76561198124610608,Not Recommended,394690,33429857,Posted: 10 July,all,Spark7979,"Rediculously poor optimisation, hardly any players, mouse goes off centre when in full screen...Should have stayed as a Gmod server."
,Not Recommended,394690,28776939,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,John Timber anal blood,i want a refund.
,Not Recommended,394690,33101643,Posted: 1 July,all,I LOVE HENTAI,My friend beat me in a game of golf and i threw my mouse at the wall.
,Not Recommended,394690,23263720,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,die to yourself,YALL SAID YA GONNA PUT CASINO IN AND THERE AND NO CASINO IN. -10 IMOIF YOU SAY UPDATE CASINO IN MARCH AND NOT HAVE CASINO IN MARCH THEN YOU NOT GAME GOOD!!!!!!
76561198313812985,Not Recommended,394690,29401003,Posted: 21 January,all,Goduss Fox,THIS GAME DOSENT WORK FOR ME AND I EVEN DONLOADED THE MICROSOFT C++ RUNTIME. FIX THAT WINDOS 10 I DONLOADED IT ON.
76561198315712546,Not Recommended,394690,24275722,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,joshwalsh2003hellcase.com,why wont this game work
,Not Recommended,394690,28645725,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ainsley Weazel South,"Not good, It was really boring, I plyed it for 1 hour and 59 minutes and i got a refund. not worth the money"
,Not Recommended,394690,22852895,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jared,"Exact same boring♥♥♥♥♥♥from gmod tower, but now you pay for it tho"
,Not Recommended,394690,24835406,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,)(Wyatt)(,Nope.
,Not Recommended,394690,25561794,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,yoisha,"Nah, Refunded in 5 mins after playing"
,Not Recommended,394690,30760799,Posted: 26 March,all,SayZer,"only thing people play is golf, and if you wanna play other mini games u have to play alone. not worth $14. Waste of money"
,Not Recommended,394690,30515868,Posted: 14 March,all,xSpartanJokerx,Good gameVery Very laggy5/10
,Not Recommended,394690,32643333,Posted: 22 June,all,Joey the Spook Master,"Altho i really do enjoy the game, its a fun game and all, that is if you can find anyone to play with, the game is dead and the devs don't know how to be devs, yeah they came from gmod tower so they are just casual gamers but if you make a game, put it FOR SALE, and promise stuff that you can't provide, then just go back to gmod tower, the progress on this game is very slow and it'll be several months until something big comes out besides just small bug fixes, the game is good when you have friends that are willing to spend this much money and such a dead, hollow, dissapointing game."
,Not Recommended,394690,25548830,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Pinku desu,ErrorThe following component(s) are required to run this program:Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Runtime
,Not Recommended,394690,31369696,Posted: 25 April,all,Phoenix,I'd rather cut my♥♥♥♥♥♥off then play this abandoned game.
76561198331673370,Not Recommended,394690,32057047,Posted: 29 May,all,super_panda,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,394690,30051172,Posted: 19 February,all,Møøseman,"This game is pretty bad.Random lag spikes left and right, there is a very small player base, I think there are only four mini-games currently available, terrible sound effects, the menu works about half the time, steam overlay is completely broken. The list goes on and on. I understand it's in early access, but the game developers are charging full price for a barely completed pile of crap. Also, if they believe that the game is good enough to be shown off as an early access game, then they should be liable to criticism for its being a terrible game.I was skeptical of this game for being an over-priced hub for playing crappy mini-games. I actually had set my hopes far too high, and this game had actually dissapointed me.Don't buy it unless it gets optimised and has actual content added to it, or if the price goes down to about $5.0/10"
76561198019648460,Not Recommended,394690,22310496,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Leonidas2300,"Very disapointed. Can't connect to one Plaza server, and way too much FPS lag."
,Not Recommended,394690,24030387,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ｗｅｌｇｅ,no
76561198068803545,Not Recommended,394690,31053067,Posted: 9 April,all,Poizen,"Wow....So here's the thing. You spend the $15 and get the game. You play a couple games to earn some credits. Once you have enough credits you can now gamble in their ""Casino"".Well, now they want you to stick around so they program it for you to win a little, get up to about $30k-40k. Which seems like a lot, but when you're playing in the casino it gets wore down a bit.That's where they get you. You are at a steady pace the whole time. I spend around 4 hours playing one slot machine ""Wheel of Money"". You almost always. I mean always get either 10's, 20's, 40's, or 50's. Of the 4 hours of playing that slot machine I hit maybe once or twice in the hundreds. Time and time again it would be ""Nothing"" or the numbers I stated above.The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the developers knew they could get away with it. I'm very dissatisfied."
,Not Recommended,394690,25104957,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Leonardo,Fun
,Not Recommended,394690,30485331,Posted: 12 March,all,Ascidzz,"This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The games are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. especially Minigolf, where the physics are way off and sometimes you can be aiming directly at the hole with the proper force and it will still somehow find a way to offset a bit to the left or right or boucne out of the hole altogether.The game has so much potential to become something fully functional and time-worthy. But I literally spent all of my time complaining about how truly terrible this game is right now.Wish you luck."
,Not Recommended,394690,30660129,Posted: 21 March,all,NateDog21,broke my old laptop no lag but boooooo
76561198379902065,Not Recommended,394690,34140697,Posted: 10 August,all,Cheesyyetmemey,Terrible game. Absolute Garbage.
,Not Recommended,394690,34770641,Posted: 5 September,all,The Tachanka27,*early access for 2 years or something like that**releases first new gamemode after 2 years*
,Not Recommended,394690,25402629,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,nathaaan,bad game
,Not Recommended,394690,25580415,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Soleedus,tower unite? more like tower s h i t e hehe
,Not Recommended,394690,30423097,Posted: 10 March,all,Sugna,This game is ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥and the creator only has 500 hours on his own game. Really makes you think
76561198305015848,Not Recommended,394690,22987039,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,jarrettc697,its so bad i cant play cuz its so laggy and my wifi is always at 4 bars
,Not Recommended,394690,34418645,Posted: 22 August,all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],"Game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Very stupid game, Not worth the money .. Very laggy and poor maps and stupid game play"
,Not Recommended,394690,33572108,Posted: 15 July,all,Rainy Season,"♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥gamemode ball race♥♥♥♥♥♥of an idea you ♥♥♥♥♥ devs suck my ♥♥♥♥ing fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you ugly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥just die please thanks ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ the devs, its all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all of it I'm done refund me right ♥♥♥♥ing now, I dont care that I've spent 40 hours gambling ♥♥♥♥ing give my money back.EAT MY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,394690,22863574,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Amp9k,This game does not deserve to run on Unreal Engine 4.
,Not Recommended,394690,31478964,Posted: 30 April,all,Forgotten Syrup,haven't played since release. was pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ then. i imagine it is still pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (this review isn't meant to be taken seriously)
,Not Recommended,394690,29838249,Posted: 10 February,all,Dongbear,no
76561198008133148,Not Recommended,394690,25549659,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DidibeastOne,this is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,394690,22308774,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,T-man,"Save your money, it's not ready, even for early access."
,Not Recommended,394690,25730075,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Zack. 0x143,You can play as girl. not a good game.
,Not Recommended,394690,30914373,Posted: 2 April,all,McDouble: $1.39,"Hello, as you can see i very much enjoy playing Tower unite. It is great social game and really is great with it's execution, but there is something that upsetted me so much i couldn't give it a positive rating,There are 4 genders in the game, Male, Female, Milk Carton, and Skeleton. i am extremely triggered that the gender ""Microwave"" Isn't included and made fun as being furniture! i am really upset and if PixelTail Games dosen't fix this, i will Tumblr Shame you on my hugbox. Remember i have free speach to say this flaw. Good Day"
76561198282125700,Not Recommended,394690,33439568,Posted: 10 July,all,i like oreos,♥♥♥♥♥game.♥♥♥♥♥♥modes.♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization. 0.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001/10
76561197992120661,Not Recommended,394690,30039006,Posted: 19 February,all,Owen Wilson,this game is poo poo gar
,Not Recommended,394690,29780582,Posted: 8 February,all,Circle K,Not a tower uniting.  False advertising. I will be in contact with my lawyer. SAD!
,Not Recommended,394690,22906855,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Abradolf Lincler,account sync doesnt not worjk. DON NOT BUY!!!!!
,Not Recommended,394690,22308476,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Xanerino,broken
,Recommended,394690,30614913,Posted: 19 March,all,Goofbutt,"Very fun, but not enough people play it. It's hard to get a game of putt-putt going when where's only 13 people on the server."
,Recommended,394690,30597933,Posted: 18 March,all,Zonex,"Tower Unite - All minigames in one gameTower Unite is a casual game, made for players who like minigames and just having fun with other players around the globe. It has serveral games you can play, some are taking longer, other are just a matter of luck and so on; I will get this later on detail.Besides the minigames, you can also customize your home and yourself. Your own home is a big house with some rooms to fill with furniture from shops that you can buy in the city of Tower Unite. There are of course other homes to buy and also more furniture that will be added by updates and time.And there is this city that I already mentioned. The city of Tower Unite is the centre of the game, because from there you can go anywhere what the game offers you. To the casino with lots of gambling machines, to shops that sell the furniture, to the minigames which you can play. And besides other attractions that will be added by time, there is the Tower of Tower Unite.. u know? Basically from there you can go to your home/apartment or just party on the roof with some other players.Now let's get to the minigames, but as a whole: There are a lot of games, kinda. Not only games where you have to do lobbys and stuff, but simple quizzes, bowling or gambling and the big ones (lol) take more time and are more sophisticated than the smaller ones (2x lol). The big games are minigolf, zombie chase and dragon quest and some more that also be added by more updates. By every game you play you gain coins which allow you to buy stuff like furniture, special things for your character and tools you can use.Maybe you noticed that I often said ''...by time/updates.''. That's because the game is not finished yet. For me the game has a really early alpha phase where a lot of things are missing and not enough things to do. But I don't blame the developers for this, because they really putting a lot of time and effort into this game and you can clearly see that by looking at their development diary and the updates that come out (nearly) regularly.By that I personally like this game and I'm looking forward to see even more of Tower Unite.8/10 - Recommended."
76561198102982004,Recommended,394690,30584464,Posted: 17 March,all,George Dye,THe treasure cove and waterhole maps dont work for me??????????rest is great
,Recommended,394690,30603956,Posted: 18 March,all,Skeeveo - konitchiwa,"spend hours at a casino! build a room! play minigames! Lots of cool minigames!! A bunch of stuff you don't see in other games. Perhaps it's a bit content starved right now, but the content currently avaliable is great, and the community is (in all its flaws) lovable as well. Has a great future ahead with a team that already has experience making it."
76561198007812404,Recommended,394690,30637967,Posted: 20 March,all,Aquarius,Only really play it for the mini-golf
,Recommended,394690,30624727,Posted: 19 March,all,DENK MAYMAYS,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING! I have had it for not even 1 day at the time of writing this review and I'm in love with this game. I did play Gmod Tower a little bit, but not to much. I am really happy that they did make their own game so pixeltail could do whatever they wanted with this game. Even in early alpha, this game is truely amazing. Nice job producers"
,Recommended,394690,30642226,Posted: 20 March,all,ransel_1,LOVE THIS GAME STILL EARLY GAME BUT LOT  OF POTENCIAL  AS OF NOW IM HOOK WITH THESE GAME LOT OF FUN
,Recommended,394690,30402082,Posted: 8 March,all,{AA}MasterAssassin,"Great game, with a even greater community"
,Recommended,394690,30469686,Posted: 12 March,all,scoot,"A dream come true, this game."
,Recommended,394690,30469997,Posted: 12 March,all,CheunGiii,"Many Bugs, interesting!"
,Recommended,394690,30507042,Posted: 14 March,all,Dr. Olive Brandens,"Even though this game lacks long time enjoyment when you play it alone, it's a ton of fun if you grab a few people and since it is still Early Access i see alot of potention for the future!"
,Recommended,394690,30574153,Posted: 17 March,all,savory,"Chicago casino simulator. Overall, great game. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,394690,30519938,Posted: 14 March,all,G®ím íß ðéáð,GET IT NOWWWWWWWWWW
,Recommended,394690,30583676,Posted: 17 March,all,The Bros,Absolutely fun and addicting!!!
,Recommended,394690,30485324,Posted: 12 March,all,Jacob,this is what happened to my eyes
76561198255594589,Recommended,394690,30651112,Posted: 21 March,all,xkittynightmarex,"Even though this game is in early access, it is extremely fun to play and i would highly recommend it. My only dislikes are some of the glitches, but these get fixed sooner or later. Also, there is some slow loading time, but all in all, the pros outweigh the cons by far."
,Recommended,394690,30385230,Posted: 7 March,all,Luckyloomagu,Abhorrent lag10/10 can play as milk carton
,Recommended,394690,30384670,Posted: 7 March,all,WOOMY,Tower Unite provides a realistic simulation of life in a casino plaza!
,Recommended,394690,28893833,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zaph,Club Penguin 2 is looking real great so far
76561198170271066,Recommended,394690,30662201,Posted: 21 March,all,Skytour,"Pros:- Tons of fun mini games to play- Devs are constantly adding more to the game- Very friendly community (so far I only have 5 hours)Cons:- Lack of character customization. only think that makes you like different from anyone else is the accessories you have on, hair color, and skin color. They have tons of shops why not allow players to customize hair style and different clothings aside from the default options.- Buggy settings. If you are reading this, before you try to go to full screen CHANGE THE RESOLUTION TO WHAT YOUR MONITOR RESOLUTION IS. I came across an issue where if you do not match your resolution first the full screen is cropped out and you are unable to fix the options because most of the screen is now off of your monitor.- I would like to see more websites compatible with the televisions in your condo. As you can tell by my profile picture I'm a weeb and I would like to have weebs friends over at my condo so we can watch weeb shows. Just a personal problem of mine not a huge deal.In conclusion, I give this game an 7/10. This game is still early access so there is definitely room for improvement and I hope to see the issues I listed improved in the future. This game is a lot of fun with friends so I do recommend getting some buddies to play with you. There is also a casino in the plaza in game so you can gamble your in game currency away at slots, video blackjack, double or nothing, texas hold em poker (personal favorite), video poker, and spin to win (Disclaimer: Gambling is life consuming.) All in all good game and would recommend to people who want a fun game to play with friends."
,Recommended,394690,23542153,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Captain Omnom,I LOVE IT But the problem is lag from the servers because i dont lag on other games but i lag here really badly but i REALLY REALLY REALLY RECOMMEND IT!!
,Recommended,394690,23545345,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Duwang,Minigolf
,Recommended,394690,24168194,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Caleb Marvell,"Finally, a game where those who sexually identify as a milk carton can play online without worry. This game WILL change lives. I know it has for me."
,Recommended,394690,24168380,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ari,This is one sexy game
,Recommended,394690,24112603,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MilkBAg,"Played GMT, Much Better."
,Recommended,394690,30824265,Posted: 29 March,all,Hexie,"Game is still quite buggy. This must be really really early access, but the games and the casino are fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,394690,24433926,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,LilUbercharge,"I bought the video game GMod a couple years ago.It was because I wanted to play GMod Tower. Fast forward to today, and GMod tower, once a lonely multiplayer server, is now a standalone game.PROS:-Lots of original content-Open world-Media players-Customization-MinigamesCONS:-Slow loading-Early Alpha"
,Recommended,394690,24361981,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DuckMan101170™,"I love this game. Since it is still in its early access, there is not much to do, but there is always something to keep me occupied"
76561198177287849,Recommended,394690,24376684,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Icewolf,10/10
,Recommended,394690,30811781,Posted: 29 March,all,PolarisFyre™,The Casino ate my money for my house.
76561198098721170,Recommended,394690,24517864,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Security Steve,"Pro's:This Game definetly is amazing and a huge succeser to gmod towerplenty of customization over 400All out fun experience with friendsCons's:needs more stuff to do like more gamemodesnothing's done {as of yet} no casino no arcade 4 gamemodes no rollercoaster,bumper cars, ectOnce they have updated it more added more stuff this will be my number 1 game.{it already is :D}"
,Recommended,394690,23447792,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,NEO1 | SilverSharp,"This game is awesome. I know it's not full complete, but this game will definetly keep you engaged into purchasing stuff for your condo and character with the currency (Units) you gain from mini golf, ball race... etc. Also, if you loved Playstation Home for the Playstation 3, you need this.Overall, tremendous work developers with Tower Unite so far. Can't wait to see what is to come in the future for this game!"
,Recommended,394690,23493213,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,__vazbean__,I loved gmod tower it was one of the most fun games I think i have played on gmod. I am very excited for the final version of this game!
,Recommended,394690,23175236,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Qum,I love this game from the 1st time I played. It is addictive the community is nice and helpful for the most part. New things are always being added just over all a good time. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,394690,23369104,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,C.h.a.o.s.m.y.t.h.,"This game is great. No Micro-Transations. You can play minigolf with randoms or friends for hours. Or just hang out at their place and watch YouTube on the big screen. And they have so much to do, and are adding constantly."
76561197991162424,Recommended,394690,27066143,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Luktropius,I have been a long term fan of GMod Tower and this game is living up to my expectations. I look forward to more content in the near future! :D
,Recommended,394690,27110058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tonymax05,Something big is coming...
76561198068570652,Recommended,394690,27074207,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PancakeHumper,A brand new beginning!  From gmod to this!
,Recommended,394690,27438875,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Drew Peacock,"Hey, that's pretty good."
,Recommended,394690,27170668,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dougley,"Engaging and very fun, must buy"
,Recommended,394690,27419995,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jpruitt2297,"great game, can entertain for hours"
,Recommended,394690,30946895,Posted: 4 April,all,Tronic,"What, I'm not insane?!"
,Recommended,394690,27530521,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Princess rage,"Great game, even though it is in alpha or beta can't remember :P xD"
,Recommended,394690,27525469,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trighhorn,Niko cousin lets go bowling. This game is already really fun one of its only fallacies  is not haveing enough players.
,Recommended,394690,27504086,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Feluco,"Game is great already!  'tho i have massive lag because there isn't a south america server, and i can't wait for the updates."
,Recommended,394690,27505982,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,coolm5224,"It's very, very good. My one complaint: not enough players.If more people played, this would be one of my favorite games."
76561198080884201,Recommended,394690,27550888,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ShiggyTea,I think Tower Unite is a great community game that is fun to hang out with friends.
,Recommended,394690,27059989,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,In Development,If you really enjoyed playing Gmod Tower or want something casual to play with friends this game is for you!
,Recommended,394690,27137344,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Muunin,"Just as fun as Gmod Tower, but it is still a work in progress. Definitely a great game and community. Developers are working hard at releasing new content and updating the game every couple of weeks or so. If you have ever played Gmod Tower, then you will like this just as much. If you have not played Gmod Tower, you should pick this up too because it's a great game."
,Recommended,394690,27118244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FZBLK,"I personally play this game because of mini-golf, but some of my friends told me to play other minigames at the lobby like typing derby, virus etc. That's when I started to like this game, I know it's still early access, but the developer is doing a great job.BUY IT"
76561198042274123,Recommended,394690,27164329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Fob,Super fun mini-game game
,Recommended,394690,27162509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Uncle Tommy,They have bowling. 10/10Waiting for it to be on sale cuz $15 is too much for me
,Recommended,394690,27236132,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♫Andrei5722™♫,Best Pary Game Ever!!!
,Recommended,394690,27236163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Klutzie™,"Let me tell you a little about TU(Tower Unite)..... WOW, they started on GMod as a gamemode running off of a low end engine and ran into a wall and couldn't progress. Then they had a really successful kickstarted campaign and brought it back on greenlight. I have played so much TU and GMT that it's hard to say I think it's not a game for everyone. They have put in a RPG, Casino, FPS, racing, Zombie, and bowling features + much more into one little game. YOU CAN EVEN GET YOUR OWN CONDO. You can blend foods play trivia or even play poker against your friends. There is just so much to do. The only things wrong are that there are a few bugs and ball race/poker aren't well polished but hey that's what comes with building off of a new engine so I don't think you should hate. I give this a 5 Star because even though it's alpha it's still a booming game."
76561198124928283,Recommended,394690,27277984,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Torracat,This is one of the best games i've ever played. I would reccommend this game to everyone
,Recommended,394690,22667147,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,da king,This game may as well be called Minigolf
,Recommended,394690,22318760,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Zennoe,"Best launch ever! Releasing the game without the game!! It has its fair share of networking errors and bugs, but nothing game breaking. The gamemodes are really mature, feel great but require some time to get used to them.Also thanks to Unreal Engine 4, TRULY A NEXT GEN EXPERIENCE"
76561198042052301,Recommended,394690,22385784,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,Addictive fun
76561198079608321,Recommended,394690,22603476,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Zooicide,"I've purchased 11 hats, 2 innertubes, and 1 pair of glasses and I still have no furniture in my empty condo.10/10 would have my fashion priorities in order again"
,Recommended,394690,22606027,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Minerisslender123,Just like GMT
76561198105186082,Recommended,394690,22577840,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Scookie,Even though its in early access MY APARTMENT IS DOPE
,Recommended,394690,22597842,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,⎛⎝Flippeee5™⎠⎞ (9),ITS great i am waiting for it to come out on mac so my friend can play Beta review 9.7/10
76561198092081751,Recommended,394690,22576330,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mr.B,a good game which has a good history and its a lot of fun
,Recommended,394690,22514789,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Pressure²,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nlavrLbZrI
,Recommended,394690,22309406,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ChaseDAce,"*Completely re doing this review*at the time of writing this the game is currently updated to 0.1.0.8 and i thought it wasn't going to be as good as i though but i am slowly getting accustomed to the game and with the frequent updating  it's actually helping with the games development. can't wait for the full 1.0 update where everything is released though as the game is right now it's pretty good i enjoy golf and virus haven't even got to enjoy planet panic but ball race seems a little flawed. The new maps for the game mode are nice and the graphics are beautiful however the controls feel to overly sensitive i would be holding forward then press the back key and i would instantly go backwards at some pointsoverall i would say, F.UCKING BUY THIS GAME I REALLY ENJOY WHAT IT HAS TO OFFER AND IT'S BETTER THAN S.HITTY SIMS AND IT HAD A LOT MORE TO OFFER FOR ONE PAYMENT OF $15*launches keyboard across the room*"
,Recommended,394690,30692559,Posted: 23 March,all,Da Neighbor,"It's a bit laggy, but it's a good game!BEWARE: YOU MAY GLITCH THROUGH WALLS WHEN GOLFING."
,Recommended,394690,30697694,Posted: 23 March,all,Superminion,Great game for relaxing!!!!
76561198302554243,Recommended,394690,30700810,Posted: 24 March,all,LonixenSvixen,If you like to hang out with friends in city and make your own condo and play some games i recommend this game for you.
,Recommended,394690,23683548,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Past,Sadly no one is playing. You would most like find one or two people out of a thousand servers.Mabye just wait for it until a big update happens.
,Recommended,394690,23676100,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Shifting Tabs,"8.9/10Really fun game if you're a gmod tower fan!Pros:Fun Minigames (Such as minigolf. You try to get to the end of the level and try to get a decent score so you dont only get 40 Tower Unite Coins.)Your own condo! (You can customize, decorate and party in your condo to make your own area!)Casino's, Nightclubs, Bowling, Bumper Cars, Laser Tag, Ferris Wheels, and more to come.Cons:The lag.This makes the game not very enjoyable as of right now. If you play Virus, you can get a lag spike that can ruin the game if you're near an infected one. I hope this gets resolved soon, though.Anyways, awesome game! If you're a gmod tower fan, you should definitely get this game!"
,Recommended,394690,23563378,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[SCI] LeRedstonewiz.TFB,"*GameModes Never Die*Here comes the remake in GMTRest GMT's Soul :PAnyways, Kinda bummed my condo items didnt make it.but overall, pretty good game to get earily.The games are basically the same (theres Planet Panic that we never speak about)10/10- REall y laggy but worth it."
76561198116241427,Recommended,394690,23555544,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Tessaract2,"It's in Early Access. That's the only downside, and it's an upside too.No joke, made more friends in this game than I could ever make in a real party. (Partly because everybody in said party I would already know but oh well.)Pretty much everyone is friendly. A couple ♥♥♥♥♥, but that'll happen with any multiplayer game.All of the games I've played are fun. (Only one I haven't? Planet Panic.)Minigolf is hard, as it should be.Wait, you're still here? Why? Wou should be waiting for it to download. (Forgot to mention, downloading takes a bit.)"
,Recommended,394690,23946770,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Icedoktaine,Please buy this game and support the devs who are continuously putting a ton of work into this unique approach to... socializing?Either way it's fantastic and I've only murdered one person over mini golf so far :DEnjoy!
76561198107246653,Recommended,394690,23948344,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Anotaros,"Amazing game. Brilliant concept. Good looking futrue features, but it has some problems (for now these may be fixed)pros--------------------------------------------------------good housing, decorator and allamazing lookslistens to the bloody fansthe games are entertaining (cant wait for bowling and laser tag)good social and server systemcons--------------------------------------------------poor optimizationbad customization for the CHARACTERSloading times take seven ****ing years."
,Recommended,394690,22445467,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Born 2 Game YT,"This is the best game I've played in a long time! When all the other things are added and more bugs are fixed, this game will literally have you spending real life days doing all the activities without even thinking about it :DHere's a video I did that shows you what's currently in the game and what's coming to the game:https://youtu.be/a6nVQ-Lnr8U"
,Recommended,394690,22473129,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Oli,Great Game! Full of adventures friends and the best of all .....Games and Condos and Style. Just because the game is in early acces dosent mean everything is broken nope ist alll AWSOME but the ping for me is always over 100 but i dont care I LOVE IT
,Recommended,394690,22486901,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cage,"Truly an amazing experience, and I can confidently say this game is worth buying, even at it's early alpha stage. If you want to have fun with friends, or make some new ones, Tower Unite is the game to play.Also, the developers of this game are extremely active in answering the community, and talking to the community in general, which makes me support the development of this game even more.I'm not good at getting to the point, but just try out this game."
,Recommended,394690,22456492,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,sCy,"You almost get that hole-in-one in Minigolf, but you fall slightly short. Then you watch someone who is playing minigolf for the first time to get the hole in one. Every time."
,Recommended,394690,22456764,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,72k on insta @dark intel,good game
,Recommended,394690,22457223,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,99bmario,Hole in one!
76561198163538672,Recommended,394690,22457422,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Devinseven,Leisure Time !!!+ Multiplayer game+ Sandbox+ High quality mini games- The PLAZA is not big enough- no Mac version for the moment7/10
,Recommended,394690,22475541,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,CaptainBliss,"Mini golf is terribly addictive!Never played Gmod, but I am loving this, bit buggy but to be expected with early access!!Its getting better and I cant stop playing"
,Recommended,394690,22620604,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,RynoNick,"Shows a lot of promise, keep pumping out updates with more content"
,Recommended,394690,22585910,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Staffan Lang,This game is beutiful.What more can i say?
76561198143382592,Recommended,394690,22574463,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Pardon My Swag (Albi),The best game of 2016 already
,Recommended,394690,22384087,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Shadix,"The amount this has changed and improved since the Gmod Tower days is absolutely astounding, although they have to retread a lot of ground, this project is a very safe and fun investment.NO MICROTRANSACTIONS!"
,Recommended,394690,22384357,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Basil²,"I remember the first time logging on to Gmod Tower back in 2013 and it was the best thing I played and enjoyed the most on Garry's mod. After hearing about Tower Unite last year I was so god damn hyped I just had to get it. From what I have played so far it's really enjoyable for an early access game and It's even better when you have your friends. There is a few bugs here and there but the Devs try and fix these issues asap. This game was also made with Unreal engine 4 so do expect fps drops, even I have them with a Asus Strix GTX 980 but I only ever notice these fps drops while on a high populated server in the plaza area."
76561198139552210,Recommended,394690,22387556,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CoryInDasHouse,dshfvsdjghfdgifngjsfndigjfgfidgbnyf i dont know why i did this but good game just very laggy
,Recommended,394690,22354394,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Woodman,"If you have played gmtower, you need this game (not only because gmtower is now closed)It is amazing, so far. im excited to see what comes next.also thanks for the gmod tower inventory port that comes in a few weeks or somthing :)"
,Recommended,394690,25836884,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,AaRrMmYy,"I Like this game 9.5/10I have problem on my internetbut i keep see on update too''I loved it"""
76561198129300687,Recommended,394690,25990551,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,HeyItsVen,"Tower Unite is a very unique game and is very fun and addicting to play! If you were there for GMod Tower (Which I wasn't D:) and you enjoyed it, then get Tower Unite because it is very fun and amazing to play! But remember that it's in BETA so if you find a bug report it so they can fix it."
,Recommended,394690,25960483,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TechHysteria,"This is a pretty fun game. Not gonna lie, I'm a little addicted to it. Beautiful graphics too, not really much to be said of the graphics, everything pretty much works as it should. My favorite games are probably the minigolf, virus, the typing game, and the trivia game, I played a little bit of ball run, which isn't a bad game either, but I wouldn't say it's a favorite just yet, maybe I'll like it more if I play it more times but so far I've only played it twice, and only one map both times.With the trivia game, sometimes there are a few repeat questions, which I don't mind, but I'm no trivia guru so I'm not the most knowledgable when it comes to that game, I've yet to have a perfect 10 questions right game, maybe one day haha.Minigolf is a blast. I can't say that I have a favorite map yet because I haven't played all the maps yet, but the camera can be a little hard at times, especially when it faces a random direction, which ends up in you putting the golf ball off course or whatever if you're not conscious of it. I've had it happen to me. Overall though minigolf is definitely a good time. Good credits to be had there. Kind of sucks if you're a late joiner, because the board is filled for you with over-par or on par puts depending on how everyone's doing as the game progresses just so you're caught up with everyone else. So best to join in early.The typing game is a pretty chill game. Just type, race other players. Easy. You get a pretty good amount of credits if you grind on that game.I've only had this since the other day, and I'm definitely impressed with it. Met a few strangers, had a good time, no problems really were had. One thing I will say is that it takes forever to load into a lobby, but the wait times aren't a huge deal for a game such as this, its to be expected. I've decorated my condo a bit as well. I like the choices you get for the condo and you can decorate it as you see fit. It kind of reminds me of a home you would get on PS Home, but it's a bit of an upgrade compared to PS Home.I don't review games that much, but this is a pretty good game if you're lookin for some casual fun. Also if you're lookin to get a lot of credits right off the bat, go play virus with people. You get a lot of credits as a ""survivor."" Another tip I have for you is to save up enough credits to buy yourself a jetpack and then equip that. Or get whatever the super speed thing is too, I've seen people running around really fast. I purchased this game because I saw a video of people playing minigolf on YouTube through a friend who sent me a link of the video and I was just like I need to give this game a look, and so I did. Honestly not disappointed at all. There are a few bugs, such as the game freezing, or getting an error message, or your mouse cursor goes missing at times, but that doesn't happen all that often. This game reminds me Second Life in a way, but much better than Second Life.I wish there were more customization options for your avatar right off the bat, it just seems like there could be more than what's there. I guess though I could understand why you start out with so little for your avatar at the beginning, you kinda earn your way to a better avatar by getting credits.This game gets a 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,394690,25933841,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gary the Canadian Tire Guy,"Rest In Peace, GMod Tower. Good ol' fun. Tower unite? Well, once it's fully complete with all the lobby components added, will be an awesome game, and it still is."
76561198081224114,Recommended,394690,25973321,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,alemismun,"PROS:Great game, its very fun to play golf!Building your own house is fun! I love to be in my house playing a game about beeing in my house with my computer on watching Indiana borksTheres a fair amount of playersIts fun to go shopping!Social interactions are great! You  can go play trivia with your friends or just ♥♥♥♥ arround in vegas!CONS:Poor performance, the game feels like you are teleporting when you moveLag, probably due that they dont have servers in the ukPlayers are all focused on one gamemode so you might not find any at all on other gamemodesStill needs a lot of work to be doneWHAT I THINKThis game is great, you should buy it if you dont mind poor performance, I love building my condo and playing gold, I defeneteley recommend this game for the price of 7£ (al tho I payed 11£)Also the devs are a bit edgy, but they work hard."
76561198155311523,Recommended,394690,25972642,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Berserk,"Tower UniteFrom what I have played of this game, it will be an incredible online experience for you and your friends to chill out on in 2 years from now when there are lots of Mini Games and lots to buuy etc. it is good now but I would only buy it to either support it or have the mopst addictive mini golf game I have ever played."
76561198081216707,Recommended,394690,25966788,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Rawrfunkel ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),It's ok I guess.
76561198028233408,Recommended,394690,26020523,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ZeaL,"Fantastic game. People need to realize, this is on the Unreal 4 Engine, if you don't have a decent computer, it will lag.With the addition of the casino, it definitely feels more like a well built game. The amount of features in it for an early access game is awesome, and looking at what they're planning to add/going to add, they just kinda need one big youtuber to play it to get it popular and this game will take off.The amount of customization is insane, and everything is really well designed and laid out. It has it's bugs, yes, but it's in alpha (if I'm not mistaken). It's going to and they will be ironed out. So far I haven't experienced any game breaking bugs, only little annoyances.Highly recommend if you want something to pass time with on your own or with friends."
,Recommended,394690,25998350,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Little`Noob,เป็นเกมที่ดีมาก สนุกกับการแต่งบ้านและเล่นทำกิจกรรมต่างๆกับเพื่อนแลัวยังมีอะไรให้ทำอีกมากในอนาคต
,Recommended,394690,25934563,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Elliot | ECZilla Presenter,this game taught me that no matter how much you may gamble with life. Someone will always rig it so you never win.10 / 10 Taught an important lesson.
,Recommended,394690,26275502,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,WhiteKnuckles,"Very cool game! Meet alot of new people, lots of customization options for personal condos. Casino will devour your soul. Mini golf is alot of fun as well as the other mini games. No in game purchases, just alot of saving to buy items. Not to many character customization options yet, but i hope updates fix that."
76561198057568881,Recommended,394690,25859847,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,AirBud,10/10 best casino auto clicking simulator 2016.
,Recommended,394690,23528357,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kazuin,"I bought this game upon the release, I had high expectations for it, It's just not fun without friends, I need people to play with, I havn't played this because of that. Please someone lend a hand!"
,Recommended,394690,25811122,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hyper Active Pyro,"I have played this game for almost 3 hours at the time of writing this review, and not a single second was spent in an actual lobbycustomization/10would spend nearly 3 hours trying to perfect my condo again"
,Recommended,394690,24967087,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ｗｅｅｄ,"I said i would change my review and i did. Tl;dr you have to earn respect.                          This is a great game with lots of possibilities. You just have to learn how to be patient. You will make friends, you will have experiences, but you have to wait. It doesnt just come to you, you have to earn respect. See a player from tower 1 and 2 has respect, but noone cares about a new player. And the funny thing is, thats perfectly normal. You have to play. You have to work to get it. You have to work to get anything in life. Sorry about that whole ♥♥♥♥♥how but overall this game is great."
,Recommended,394690,24939121,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Juno ❤ Coyote,"Tower unite is a beautiful amalgamation of the old GMod Tower assets re-used into a beautiful rendition of nostalgia. As a player since 2011, I love seeing how this has developed into a game itself. I also enjoy the fact that donating gave me some perks after downloading this game, it got me excited and happy.While I do notice it getting bad reviews; More power to you if you have a different opinion. However, I think this game is gonna be amazing when it's out of its beta. There are certainly some rough spots that I'm sure will be smoothed out later when it comes out of beta. I'll list my roses/thorns below:What I like- original soundtrack by Donglekumquat (original music producer for Tower 2, he did a wonderful job!)- referring to the gender choices as more so ""feminine"" and ""masculine"" rather than just ""MAN/WOMAN"" (i am transgender, i hope this review isn't too sjw-y but this made me smile and feel welcomed. and the milk carton, lmao.)- condo customization is 100% better than it was earlier and barely lags or glitches out for me- donors / longtime players get perks- amazing graphic design, simple and crisp menus/options- amazing scenery like alwaysWhat I dislike- lack of character customization (will probably be added later, but I miss the different playermodels you could have in GMTower, but I understand copyright and whatnot)- lots of lag, even if you have a huge rig, textures load unevenly- barely anyone playing this game, there are literally usually only about 10 people on one server at once.- loading in and starting the game is a struggleThis game has a whole lot of potential. Overall, thanks so much for making Tower Unite a reality."
76561198009679041,Recommended,394690,24970527,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AlphaMidnight,"I think it's a nice relaxing and casual social game. I particularly love the Mini Golf and Ball Race. And obviously yes it is in it's very early stages. But I remember loving Gmod Tower and now being stand alone the game looks and feels better than it did in it's Gmod Tower days. That is of course my own opinion. I'm hoping this game will grow with time and reach the type of community it had back in the Gmod Tower days. I say if you don't mind casual game play and like socializing with MOSTLY chill people, give this a go."
76561198077238835,Recommended,394690,30845281,Posted: 30 March,all,DefenderOfTheCross,If i have to describe what heaven is like it be this game when it complete.
,Recommended,394690,25773462,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,maxmanminedude,This is a great game. Not many games are like this. It's also good because it's Gmod Tower. So sue me.
,Recommended,394690,22521978,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ascended CammyPlays™,CASINO CASINO CASINO BABY!!!Nah.The Casino is great but I still like playing the minigames.Still pretty good for Early Access
,Recommended,394690,27352961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Apache,This game is worth every penny.
,Recommended,394690,23951631,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,WizardJeremy,"Insanely fun MMO game with loads of fun mini-games packed inThis is a wonderful game to play and is so much fun to play the mini-games, you can play games such as a fast paced zombie action game, a ball race game, golfing, bowling, cashinos, and many more to come.Decorate your own little home and stuff as well as deck out your character is cool gear.Pros:- Tons of fun- Great Multiplayer- Loads of stuff to do- Pay once and play forever- Great music and gameplayCons:- Sometimes theres lag (expected with online games)- Sometimes theres annoying people or AFK people making the game take agesMy Rating: 9/10"
76561198044237157,Recommended,394690,27357555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FUCK PETER SCHIFF,Lost all of my money gambling. Then I sold all of my furniture to gamble more. Lost it again. 10/10
,Recommended,394690,27375394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fat Toucan,Casino = Easy Money
,Recommended,394690,27149831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AnDyCriT,"Great game, spending all day in the casino."
,Recommended,394690,26990589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jöhn Śmeag,Been playing since gmod tower was still around for a few years and it has been great watching this dev team grow and have a successful indiegogo and actually put something out worth putting time into. While still early in developement and fair share of glitches (looking at bowling) the game has been great to sink time into even if i'm sitting at a virtual gambling machine with virtual coins hoping to hit it big and going home sad.
,Recommended,394690,26990684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Quantum Delpha,Babby's first gambling addiction.
,Recommended,394690,27003730,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Creepy Protagonist,Still need to be improved (Early Access). Very promising game. I would really like to try out fishing. Hope we can.
,Recommended,394690,27012831,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sent44,new house
,Recommended,394690,27021325,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kings4awill,Great Social Games with various minigames/functions!Highly Recommended!
,Recommended,394690,26996963,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Siki Rebirth,needs more weeb huts
,Recommended,394690,26997778,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,scout24,Good game from what is used to be on gmod tower and now its great and terrorist attacks are totaly ok
,Recommended,394690,30892293,Posted: 1 April,all,Skooma,if my computer wouldnt lag when i play this (its shi*ty)i would play ths all the time10/10 IGNwould turn down all my graphics again
76561198067428590,Recommended,394690,26987416,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RealZGaming. おはようござ,good
76561198060564892,Recommended,394690,26970439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,megamind425,"Tower unite, when you need a home away from home while at home."
,Recommended,394690,27005544,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Huffelz,"I played this when it first came on on gmod and I mean when it first came out, old lobby really fun, basically sims but you play minigames and dont have to worry about all that nonsences food stuff. Then it got a new lobby still loads of fun then they annonced Tower Unite, was so hyped for it to release and well here it is, I bought it first night i could played it for a long time and had a really big blast since it was so fun, A lot better then G-mod Tower and still fun always fun to play. Over all if you like mini games, Gambaling/Casino, Making an apartment, Throwing partys, hanging with friends, and most of all having fun, then this is the game for you. 5/5 Stars"
,Recommended,394690,26492915,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,E3 | Benz™,Great! :D
,Recommended,394690,26875463,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,handdrawnpumpkin,"While it may still be in early access, buggy, unoptimized (for the most part) and not have a ton of things to do at the moment ... Tower Unite will be worth it and still is worth it. There are enough events and activities and games to play withtin Tower Unite to make it worth it. Anyone who found GMod Tower fun at all back in the day will definitely enjoy themselves in this game."
,Recommended,394690,26875752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,James CyberLink,"This is basically a Club Penguin styled MMO. Except it's utterly beautiful, and actually okay for all ages rather than just kids.I know it's still in Early Access, but trust me: You need to play this game."
,Recommended,394690,24526235,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Starhero999,I do recommend this game to anyone that enjoys GMOD Tower because it is basically that without GMOD attached to it and for the most part it is fun except that it did kick me out after 53 minutes of playing it. other than that the game is pretty great and enjoyable 9.5/10
,Recommended,394690,27544637,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ermgerd,"I have to say this is honestly one of the most enjoyable game and journey I have ever had, and it still continues. If you're wondering why it's been a journey the developers and community have been freaking awesome even helping me through some hard times, probably one of the best parts of this already amazing game.While yes I have to agree it takes time to get into when you give it a go and spend more than an hour you'll get hooked (or not it depends on who you are really)I really would highly recommend this game and I really wish the best of luck to the developers and the future of this game!"
,Recommended,394690,27538926,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,An undead Engie,"Even though this game is still in development it is already so great and nice, yea ok here and there bugs but hey! Its in development. Also the developers and there streams are great, funny and nice.-bam"
,Recommended,394690,27642168,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mitmotim1,"First of all, unlike many early access games I've played, this game is getting tons of love and attention (Guess I've been unlucky with the other ones...) The minigames are fun to play with friends, especially minigolf. The Casino is awsome and is a great way to lose your money.Would recommend."
,Recommended,394690,27490859,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trevor-T,a great game to play with friends
,Recommended,394690,27519834,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Torch,"Its fun and all, honestly.but right now it isn't worth 15 bucks.give this game some time to ACTUALLY BE FINISHED"
,Recommended,394690,27563387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Copernicium,"This game is just amazing an I wish to see it become something much more in the future. If you are the kind of person to want to  meet new people over the internet, continue from GMod Tower, meet with friends, etc... than this game is just perfect. Otherwise you way think this game is extremely boring."
,Recommended,394690,27596946,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lanix,"Simple yet enjoyable game. It's got a bunch of mini-games, including a casino and the new bowling ally that provides a nice mix of time consumption and social fun. There's still some polish needed, but content is being put out fairly quick and the devs seem to be pretty open with thier development. I suggest it if you like to just have something you can kill a few minutes or even spend hours playing mini-golf"
,Recommended,394690,27574411,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sᴇᴠᴀ,Fun to play with friends
,Recommended,394690,27593893,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LUNAR ESSENTIA,"This game allows everyone to create their own apartment/house the way they want to. And create their character the way they want to. All you need to do is play games. Already this is an amazing game for creative people like me and It's so easy to meet new people in games and servers.Obviously this game is in early access so a lot of features are missing, but the devs are very focused on their work and very respectuful of their community. For it's current price the game is 100% worth it. (no microtransactions at all!)So to review, it's like a ""create and live"" the future you envision, by playing games."
,Recommended,394690,22462098,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lagx,"The core game is fun and very addicting, the game needs some polish but what do you expect its an early access game."
,Recommended,394690,22359265,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TeddyBurrGaming,"A game that has a chance to be in everyones Steam library.I am making a YouTube series on Tower Unite and its updates so you can have a look at those videos if you want to see my first impressions visually.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8N7Xk-konac&nohtml5=FalseTower Unite is the successor to Garry's Mod: Tower, a hub to addicting and fun minigames.  This game acts as a casual mmorpg that offers a plentiful amout of customisation to your character and your condo (Your own house where you can decorate and fill with the items you can buy in-game).The way you can purchase these items are with in-game currency which you collect playing the various minigames on offer.They are also adamament that there will be NO microtansactions and you pay for the standalone game at a very reasonable price.Before I get into more detail about the game itself I would like to mention for a an early access build the game runs very smooth on my system (not to say that it shouldn't).  The game also has minimum requirements that can meet a very low end system and the people that could run Garry's Mod: Tower can run this.The minigames are fairly solid but if you are new to Tower Unite or Garry's Mod: Tower then you may not know what to expect from this game.  Minigolf runs much better than GMOD:Tower as the previous version had very strange ball physics and people use to abuse the phsyics to land shots that would unnaturally ping off walls etc etc...Virus is also an old classic that runs smoother and has the basic game down to a tee without changing much.  Some of the textures are missiing but this isn't a final product.Ball game is the most polished of the lot so far but can anly hope for more levels and to be even more perfected.I havent had much experience on the new game mode but honestly the one time I played it I didn't quite understand what was going on.  So maybe some in-game tutorials might be useful if trying to create new game ideas.Overall the early access version is only worth getting now if you enjoyed Garry's Mod Tower, otherwise hold on to your hard earned cashuntil a later release.  Definately pick this up if you want to see this game bloom into a beautiful gem in your Steam library."
,Recommended,394690,22358708,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Atar [Beni] #BringBackBritbong,"Tower Unite is pretty much the GMT Remastered.There is still a lot of work to be put in on it at the momment and if you did not play the GMT. I would not recommend buying at this stage of time. However if you played GMT and loved it, this is perfect for you! If you can look passed all of the games bugs due to it being in such an early stage, you will have an extreme ammount of fun if you buy this game.I would only buy this if you want to carry on experiencing GMT, If have no idea about GMT or what it was, I would not buy it if I were you. But this game has a huge ammount of potential and will be a great game once the bugs have been patched and the rest of the content has been added."
,Recommended,394690,22354466,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Jupiter,"This game is tons of fun have 26 hours on record at this point in time, I Purchased the game on launch and to be honest launch was very unstable BUT the devs did bring out a patch only about 8 or so hours after launch that fixed most of the MAJOR issues, So there is of course going to be issue but the devs have so far been quick with things and active with the community but if you dont like a game with a couple bugs then I dont reccomend purchasing yet but if you can deal with the issues and they dont bother you to much then YES! Do buy it they have alot planned for the next few months its already alot of fun in my personal opinion community is also VERY friendly.R.I.P. ~Gmod Tower You will always be missed.But heres to a new world and experience in Tower Unite lets hope its even better of an experience then before!"
,Recommended,394690,22360609,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Xelereth,"Really great game! Even for Early acces it's got a lot of content. Gamemodes like Minigolf, Virus and especially BallRace are fun. Performance is not at it's best yet but it runs pretty smooth for a game like this. I have had some minor issues like suddenly disconnecting from a server/minigame. The updates so far took out some bugs like server being full while there were like 50 slots available. Game also has a great community and everyone is friendly. Definetly going to recommend this game to my friends!"
,Recommended,394690,22515011,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Nantai,"10/10 virus camping is gr8, unit farm 4 dayz m9"
,Recommended,394690,22518922,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,cjcunited,Fun game and will be better once the new features are added.
,Recommended,394690,22521323,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,^2Grassgrow,"I loved to ♥♥♥♥ around watching youtube videos in the cinemas in Gmod, play minigames and such. Tower Unite is the perfect stand alone game for that, minigames are very fun and offer a lot of variety, the condo is fun to decorate, and most importantly, i LOVE grinding up that sweet currency to buy further toys/furniture/random♥♥♥♥♥♥HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 8/10(-2 points because not all features are present yet, once they get implemented, its a sure 10/10 from me!)"
,Recommended,394690,22378353,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Avecado❤,"Great game , still early access so there are a ton of bugs but the devastating are working really hard to fix them fast. If you like Garry's mod mini games this game is for you"
76561198371990897,Recommended,394690,30756641,Posted: 26 March,all,landonmm5,I Would Like It Better If It Let You Change The Wifi You Use Not Just One!
,Recommended,394690,22382010,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CalciferJiji,teh best if mee specs wer updatd
,Recommended,394690,22398479,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,NoobishTheKitten,"A very nice game. altough alot of pings can be really high.The game have new upcoming stuff, like laser tag!it needs more players so when you've red this, BUY IT AND JOIN.it was amazing in the Gmod version, and now it is a whole game.PS: Game needs alot of work"
,Recommended,394690,22309145,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Eecer,How to play ballrace...http://im2.ezgif.com/tmp/ezgif-2418377234.gif10/10
,Recommended,394690,22394220,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Tom,"Only a few hours of content at the moment, but many hundreds to be added assuming the devs keep to their promises which I'm certain they shall."
,Recommended,394690,23002786,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DeezMiZzY csgoatse.com,"Really Fun, Good Gameplay, Good Graphics, So Much Fun!This game is so addictive and is so fun, I love that you can customize your condo and have it look how ever you want!This game is recommended for the following reasons. ->- Funny People- Good Gamemodes- Customization for Player, Condo, Golf Ball- Watch Videos In Game!- Play With Friends- Really Enjoyable- Doesn't Get Boring- More Stuff to Be Added To The Game!Not The Best Review but tried my best! :)Thank You! - DeezMiZzY"
,Recommended,394690,22988360,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Scar,"The potential to be the definitive successor to GMod Tower, right now it's a tad bit content lacking, but for an early-access realease it's ok, specially if you're willing to support further development of the game. I can't wait for further updates and fun times ahead :)"
,Recommended,394690,22754952,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bubs,"I really love this game, it has a lot of features for being a Early Access game. I'm excited to see this game when it's finished. :)"
76561198140434326,Recommended,394690,22755377,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Drillf00t,"Even for early access it's been a blast to play and chill out.  Believe it or not people are pretty relaxed and chilled out compared to other social games you might of played.  So many things to look forward to such as a casino, an aracade and bowling with many more games to come.  The roller coaster should be quite epic.  Don't be scared of the early access, you will and can be busy for hours !"
,Recommended,394690,22492957,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mjgcookie csgobig.com,The best game I have palyed in so long.
,Recommended,394690,22493100,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Jestercide,10/10 Would Bang Again.
,Recommended,394690,22401517,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Flingu,*Confetti spam intensifies*
76561198134896511,Recommended,394690,23138698,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,WorstLawyer446,This game is a very nice and relaxing game which is great to play with friends. It has many fun things to do such as play games and mini games. The only thing I don't like is that they removed the casino machine from gmod tower.
76561198115988697,Recommended,394690,23135329,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,loleliam,10/10 would rage at minigolf again.
,Recommended,394690,23113275,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hex The Psychotic Brit,Bought it. Couldn't play it. Got upset as this was the best on gmod and i was looking forward to playing this.Noticed it was removed off gmod. got depressed. Still the best game ever.
,Recommended,394690,27225747,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ป้าไก่-ไฮโซ,This game ia surprisingly amazing even it's still in an early-access stage.
76561198042790724,Recommended,394690,27208384,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spalone Babagoosegooties,This game is a work in progress still but the stressed word is PROGRESS. its a incomplete game but a great game non the less
,Recommended,394690,27126345,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kuugaa,Casino and slots and poker.. andddddddd all my coins are goneeee
76561198087978964,Recommended,394690,27100663,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bob123man (taninaz12),this game deserved a Award for the Steam Awards :)
,Recommended,394690,27086362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SpOoPy DaWg,"Gmod Tower was the♥♥♥♥♥♥back then! And i can say that i'm not dissapointed with this game yet. You can even see led's in electronic screens inside the game if you walk close enough. If i could nominate this game for both the ""Whoooaaaaaaa, Dude!"" award and the ""Game Within A Game"" award i would do so!"
,Recommended,394690,28737248,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WillSassoLemon,"Its GMT, but better. I love it! Just wish they would get rid of some of the bugs"
,Recommended,394690,28709472,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jakeem,never knew my life would waste away to bettingalsom grand quest is the best
76561198118155091,Recommended,394690,28615003,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Steffan,Good game
,Recommended,394690,28618014,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,the cat dude,I was a milk carton. I had a jetpack. I watched cat videos atop a trampoline. this is a good game
,Recommended,394690,28614259,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TotallyNotUni,"Imagine, An unfinished game that wasn't great at launch, Suddenly becomes great.Buy this game. It's pretty freaking good."
,Recommended,394690,28650235,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,---,Better than the Gmod Version
,Recommended,394690,28614824,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Sink God,the milk cartons like to assault youwatch out
76561198049040054,Recommended,394690,28923257,Posted: 1 January,all,SK333r,"For an Early Access game, it is definitely well worth it, especially in it's current state with all the great progress to come. Me and a few friends being huge fans of Gmod Tower think the game is a successful successor. This game is full of laughs and awesome moments (getting x9 in Double or Nothing brings a massive crowd), with easily accessible game modes and casino machines. Now if they can just add Ultimate Chimera Hunt :DIf you're a huge fan of GMTower, this game is for you."
,Recommended,394690,29089687,Posted: 7 January,all,PsychoticSeal,"Gambled for a long time, never got the jackpot, never gambling again. You will get more money and have more fun by playing minigolf. (Unless you somehow hit the jackpot :P)Addiction/10 would get addicted again.In all seriousness though, the house customisation is nice and the minigolf is really fun. You should buy this."
,Recommended,394690,29111659,Posted: 8 January,all,nog,gambling
76561198038997605,Recommended,394690,29107937,Posted: 7 January,all,JosephCraftHD,"Have you ever played Playstation Home?  It's a lot like that. If you haven't play Playstation Home, imagine a game where you run around a mall as your avatar playing mini games to make money.  You can buy toys and room decorations with said money and have a good time.  The game is very chill and is definitely worth its price.  There are no micro transactions if any of you are wondering.One of my favorite features; as a streamer, you can put your stream up on a TV in your house so you can watch your stream while you stream you watching your stream!If you have some friends interested into playing this with you, it definitely adds to the fun.  But if you're like me and haven't convinced your friends to buy the game yet, you'll have no problem enjoying this game alone, as you can join public servers.The mini-games are ALL fun in my opinion.  Some can use a little work. For example, bowling is a little rough around the edges where some pins could pop back up; even though you're positive you knocked it down. But it doesn't really take away from the fun.The best part of the main hub is all the ""coming soon!"" places.  It shows great promise as to what's to come and it goes to show that this game has a great future ahead.  I can't wait for this game's future patches and updates.--One major request I have for this game--Character customization is obviously a place holder right now.  But the implementation of an actual character creator would be a fantastic addition.5/5"
,Recommended,394690,28851331,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vulture Socks,"This is my review of Tower Unite as of December 31st 2016. As of writing I have around 140 hours in the game.As someone who was supporting the game from the minute the original Kickstarter went live I can say that around 9 months into Early Access Tower Unite not only shows a lot of promise for the future but is incredibely fun right now.----PLAYER CUSTOMISATION AND CONDO----Right now the game's customization system is a lot of fun. Unlike a lot of other Virtual World games Tower Unite doesn't restrict how you customise yourself to realism. In this game you can be a man in a business suit, A dancing milk carton wearing a cowboy hat and even a purple skeleton with a computer monitor on its head. With lots of accesesories and four playermodels as of now Unite's customisation is incredibely fun and lets users express themselves in lots of ways.The Condo system is also incredibely strong and surprisingly flexible. While upon first glance the Condo system may appear to be a simple drag and drop furniture system its actually so much more exstensive than that. With grid snapping and lots of construction items you can build your own unique structures not only that but the items on sale have lots of range from crummy old Victorian furniture, luxarious items like hottubs and even laser projectors and dance floors. There are a lot of oppurtunities to show off your creative juicies in the condo and I've seen some absolutely crazy creations in other people's condos.----PLAZA GAMES AND CASINO----The Casino is one of this game's most popular features and its easy to see why. The machines are not only varied but fun with machines like Grand Quest where you play a JRPG Battle game where you slay a dragon to win your Jackpot, Spin To Win where you spin a wheel in hopes of getting cool prizes, theres also traditional games like Texas Hold Em' and Video Blackjack. So all in all the Casino is a bunch of fun and is a great way of earning money.The Plaza is also a fun place to be as it hosts a variety of games currently being Typing Derby, Bowling and Trivia. Trivia is hooked into an API meaning that it boasts over 1,500 questions. Trivia is extremely addicting and lots of fun to play with friends. The rivalries me and my pals have had in Trivia have been intense.Typing Derby is simple but fun, its not really addicting like the other games but is still a nice little bit of fun here and there.Bowling is really great fun for four or so friends. Its quite a relaxing experience and pays out very generously. You can even spend units on buying fancy bowling balls, right now I'm hosting a nice fireball bowling ball with a cool explosion effect when you throw it,----GAMEMODES----Out of the four gamemodes right now Minigolf is by far in the best condition. It has the most maps and all of them (except for Waterhole) are fantastic. The physics are supersmooth and the maps are excellent. They feature really nice gimmicks such as bouncing off bongos, shooting out of canons and even teleporters. Mini Golf pays out very generously and is always a blast. I also really like how your hats show up on the golf ball, thats a nice touch.Ball Race is also lots of fub with levels featuring speed boosts, jumps and bumpers galore you're going to be having a fair bit of fun on this mode. However the mode suffers from a poor map selection. While some maps like GLXY, Summit and Paradise are lots of fun those are probably the only maps you're going to be playing as Memories, Midori and Nimbus simply aren't fun. The ones listed later suffer from blocky and unfun level design which can sometimes but downright unfair.Virus is still in Beta and it shows. This mode can be a bit of fun but just isn't really worth playing. The large problem with this gamemode is the poor shooting mechanics which according to the Devolepment Team are getting fixed very soon. Also if you have less players this mode is extremely pro-survivor. The map selection isn't too bad with Hospital and Overtime being fairly solid maps. Overall Virus has a lot of potentional but is ruined by awful shooting and questionable balance choices. If these can get fixed I can see myself potentional playing Virus a lot.Planet Panic, where to begin with Planet Panic? This mode is in Alpha and much like Virus that can be seen. I love the asthetic of this mode, Cats and Dogs in UFOs is such a pleasently bizzare thing to see flying around on my computer screen. Also the Vaporwave music is super good thanks Will. However, there is zero fun factor in uncontrollable and slidey UFO physics combined with sloppy and floaty shooting. This mode is still in Alpha so I think I can let in slide but god damn there is no reason to play this mode.Overall Tower Unite is an extremely fun and charming game, that coupled with the extremely transparent devolepment team and you have a game that has a bright and promising future on its hands."
,Recommended,394690,28851031,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Papa Loreto,If you can place posters of your waifu and get body pillow for you're condo I'd say it's worth every single penny.
,Recommended,394690,28754101,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Worbak,"Gambling problem simulator. 3 SPINS out of 3. But seriously, I liked this when it was Gmod Tower and I like it now so far."
76561198318651702,Not Recommended,394690,30728575,Posted: 25 March,all,captainnathan08,my laptop cant handle the graphics please add a new low quality seting that make it not laggy or crashy
76561198082135025,Recommended,394690,28773582,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,stellased,"> Goes to a random's condo.> Find's out it is the best in all the land.> Bunch of people there, someone starts playing a youtube video of someone singing horribly.> Everyone presses K. (Ragdoll Mode)> I laugh for about 10 mins straight.Definitely enjoying this game more then I should. It's going to be so beast once complete.10/10 worth it."
,Recommended,394690,28776253,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kitts 2-307,This game is very nice. That is all.
,Recommended,394690,28777903,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,f0rk,"Fun game, but have been unable to play it due to it not opening or running at all as of today. Would be great if this were fixed"
76561198081790331,Recommended,394690,28836886,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Farmersonly.com,Its amazing. But it sucks for one sole reason - I can't have my Yoshi model from Gmod Tower yet goddamn it!
76561198132449859,Recommended,394690,28843837,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NinjaGoblin,Great game! 2 Casino Jackpots in half a day ;)
,Recommended,394690,28771032,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BigWeinerGuy,top tier betting simulator.
76561198151162155,Recommended,394690,31941088,Posted: 24 May,all,Jdholli,Good Game.
,Recommended,394690,31950638,Posted: 25 May,all,DrDalek,joining server with 40+ playerswith average players are playing some spinning thing in Casino
,Recommended,394690,31986319,Posted: 26 May,all,bic is a big boi,Game's great but there are not that many lobbies at the moment. Probably would be a lot more fun with friends
,Recommended,394690,31898300,Posted: 22 May,all,Nepgear ♥|Purple Sister|♥,"It still has a lot of work to catch up to GMod Tower but you get everything you'd expect. Games, a condo, gamers who think they are the cool guys, and lots of gambling. Most players seem to enjoy Minigolf but I wouldn't know anything about how fun golf is since I'm not a crusty 60 year old."
,Recommended,394690,31978787,Posted: 26 May,all,Tranny Banger RufousSoup,"Want a pile of gold, ♥♥♥♥ you, your getting 12 hula dolls.Want a shrine thats overpriced, ♥♥♥♥ you, your getting a potato.Want underage yiff, come to roofies condo."
,Recommended,394690,31983243,Posted: 26 May,all,Dawny' 💕,lots of fun with friends
,Recommended,394690,32095010,Posted: 31 May,all,Bomb-Sniffing Pom,good
,Recommended,394690,31568013,Posted: 5 May,all,Free 2 Buy,I love the potential of this game. I hope it gets somewhere.
,Recommended,394690,32606934,Posted: 20 June,all,Festive,Fun game but needs more content...
,Recommended,394690,32603211,Posted: 20 June,all,☯ Halcyon ☯,Great with friends and constantly supported by the amazing devs. Buy it!
,Recommended,394690,32630788,Posted: 21 June,all,Harmon?,"wow, great gamefilled with fun gamesfun to earn money and upgrade your apartmentgreat remake of gmt;D"
,Recommended,394690,32579544,Posted: 19 June,all,Tom Servo,"So far its a really nice game, you hang out with friends, build a condo, and play the current games. I wouldnt reccomend to but and play at this state, but buy it if you love the game."
,Recommended,394690,32602792,Posted: 20 June,all,TTVCombatByDesign,"Love this game. One problem with 4K display: The mouse doesn't hover in the correct spot. If I want to click a button I have to hover well below, or off to the left.Any way to readjust/fix this?"
,Recommended,394690,32599820,Posted: 20 June,all,Fraxle,Pros:can play as a jazzy skeletoncan waste all your money gamblingcan shoot up a beach hut with a confetti guncan dominate at minigolfCons:alot of the activities are not complete yet (will be done soon though)Verdict:Buy this beautiful game.
76561198201631530,Recommended,394690,33192003,Posted: 3 July,all,Crowno,"Extremely fun game where you can do virtually anything. The closest we can get to GMod tower. Although the community seems less friendly than in GMod tower, still a fun game. My only issue is the optimization, and the game can lag out even the best computers, so please work on that. This is the only game I know of where you can go to your condo and get drunk with your friends!"
,Recommended,394690,33222600,Posted: 4 July,all,Chaz,+1 Would develop a gambling addiction and spend 15 straight hours in casino again
,Recommended,394690,33165769,Posted: 2 July,all,Random Name [ -3- ],"I would recommand everyone to play this game because first off it's very fun and you start to get use to the controls and the maps! Besides you can make your house a party to at your condo all day long! I think it was a remake from Gmod tower and there are a lot places you can discover like the beach , shops , games and so much other more! I would recommand you to buy this game now before the 30% off discount is gone, There will be more games and more items that will come out!See you there!"
76561198073199077,Recommended,394690,33212510,Posted: 3 July,all,Lord of Kekistan,"Making a game out of a Garry's Mod gamemode is what it's all about. Has a few graphical and game bugs, but nonetheless, it's a great game worth picking up if you like to casually hangout and play games."
,Recommended,394690,26906781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pyro-San,"Garry's Mod Tower. A gamemode that anyone who played Garry's Mod before 2016 would know quite well. A social powerhouse of a gamemode that brought hundreds of players together through the virtual world of minigames and condos. But the time of GMT has passed and now, the era of Tower Unite is upon us.Tower Unite is once again the social virtual hub of players around the world, this time with even more to do than in Garry's Mod Tower. And you may be asking, ""What exactly is there to do in Tower Unite?"" Well, Tower Unite has a multitude of games to play, from casual and calm games as Minigolf and Ballrace to more fast paced gamemodes like Virus. Or maybe you would like to play some more money centered games in the casino, like slots or poker. Maybe you want to have some good old fun with your friends in real-life classics like bowling and laser tag. There's something for everyone in Tower Unite.And as an early access game, so much more is to come! I would highly recommend buying Tower Unite for the social part of it alone, but also because of the fun you can have in it."
,Recommended,394690,24121406,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jaroodie,"2 days after the launch of Tower Unite, I gave it a negative review. I explained how it felt nothing like GM Tower (Which will always hold a special place in my heart) and I called the game a piece of garbage and said how disappointed I was. Someone responded to the review many months later telling me to give the game another go and I might rethink my review.  I just simply ignored the comment. Now a little over a year after the initial launch, I threw aside my negative thoughts and bought TU again during the 2017 Summer Sale. I went in and all the memories of GM Tower flew back to me. I embraced the game for what it is and now I can't understand why I was so negative. This game still has a lot of work to be done but I will gladly stand by this game and the devs."
76561198056039781,Recommended,394690,33327152,Posted: 6 July,all,Jenny,"Awesome online game with so much to do. I loved Playstaion Home and this is very reminicent of it without the microtransations! I'm addicted to the slots machines right now lolPros-Ton of awesome games to play with alot of variety-Lots of furniture to buy-cool main lobby-Gambling!-Pets-Still a lot of things to come in future updates!-Watch youtube videos with a movie theater room full of stangers adding to the queue of videos to be next.Cons- Hardly any customization for your characters. can't change hair, face, type of body, only colors.-Handful of clothes avalible, no clothes to buy, only accessories like hats, belts, or backpacks.-No emoting ( We need dancing!!)Even though Avatar customization is lacking I still highly recomend this game with friends. I feel as if right now they are focusing more on perfecting the core gameplay of everything which is why they may have little avatar customization. But I prefer alot to play and do rather than clothes that dont do much but add to your look."
,Recommended,394690,33328361,Posted: 6 July,all,Undefeated Legend of Destruction,"This is fun as ♥♥♥♥, underrated game on Steam."
,Recommended,394690,33332525,Posted: 6 July,all,ddog510,"This is an improvement over the gmod tower for one big reason - being able to access all the game mode servers from the main menu. It's like a regular server browser. Very awesome. You don't even have to set foot in the ""tower"" if you don't want to (although that is part of the fun). There are still a few glitches, but overall it's very good so far."
,Recommended,394690,25672712,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,BadAimSam,fantastic social hub game
,Recommended,394690,33376773,Posted: 8 July,all,rdeadinside,I do the recommending of this 1 right here
,Recommended,394690,33377006,Posted: 8 July,all,Az3_d,Great Game id like to say thanks for the devs for being very interactive with the community and thats what makes tower unite a great game
76561198118531140,Recommended,394690,33373979,Posted: 8 July,all,LMAOXDBANANA.JPEG,It is good.
,Recommended,394690,33373829,Posted: 8 July,all,"hey, im billy",my mom said that if i dont keep it down shes going to slam my head into my keyhjadiusdhuiasjfdfsuihzdshbjsjionisjguyhbsdyusydanuybsaiubhbyasbihdfnfdgjknhjbashbfgjndsdnhijhjanjnsnjnjgs
,Recommended,394690,32418385,Posted: 14 June,all,JamezXMassacre,"This game is the revived standalone of Gmod Tower. If you've ever played it, you'd know this game is worth the $15 right away. If you haven't, then this game is a whole new genre of its own- meaning you should try it out!Currently in Early Access for $15 (extrememly reasonable) and with constant feedback from devs, updates don't feel so far away.In game, you can literally see the progress on a check list of what is done, and what is being worked on currently. The progress can be seen, and once they're done, it's great to try it out.Best part of this overall, is that microtransactions will not be a thing.Maybe donations, maybe steam trading/marketplace, but nothing in-game related."
,Recommended,394690,32369576,Posted: 12 June,all,Kuddelmuddel,I never knew I could put a golf ball through walls. Now I know
,Recommended,394690,32423074,Posted: 14 June,all,Psycho O'Doherty,"Its a good game, played about 400 hours on Gmod Tower till it got shut down. The big problem for me is I'm running on a computer that cant run this at ALL. Well I can but I run at about 2 fps sadly. I recommend this game cold heartedly, just need a good computer"
,Recommended,394690,32412907,Posted: 14 June,all,MrTGaming,tower unite is one of those games to play when your bored and don't have anything else to do! i totally recommend! if you ever played gmod-tower you will love tower unite!
,Recommended,394690,32398790,Posted: 13 June,all,ICCY,i would recommend the game its a fun relaxing game but i used to play the game fine then they made it so unplayyable i used to get around 45 fps now i get 15 fps on lower settings than i had before
,Recommended,394690,31921777,Posted: 23 May,all,kovura,Good good
,Recommended,394690,32073436,Posted: 30 May,all,Endy_,"This game was pretty enjoyable but I have some problems on how its running on my PC. The fullscreen game is really iffy and hard to deal with. Also when I look in the water, I see these weird Lighting effects but other than that the game is enjoyable 7/10 (I know it's in Early Access but just wanted to give my opinion)"
76561198013001990,Recommended,394690,32204881,Posted: 5 June,all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,has oceanic servers 10/10
,Recommended,394690,32708823,Posted: 23 June,all,NicoLink,"Having lots of fun with TU so far, and I can't wait to see this grow"
,Recommended,394690,32673373,Posted: 23 June,all,LerricK,"Tower unite has the potential to be a really amazing game. And if their Trello page suggest anything, it is that it will be. I don't play much currently casue there is a lot of features missing. But thanks to Trello i can see they are making progress"
,Recommended,394690,32704864,Posted: 23 June,all,Skulldozer115,"Having playing GMT myself, I had my doubts, considering my past of EA titles. But trust me when I say this game is worth it.Pros -Social/chill game that anyone can play!Customize your character!Customize your Condo/House!Plenty of content (Minigames/trivia/casino/etc)!The game looks spectacular!Cons -I wouldn't consider this a con. Id say neutral, but there isn't as much customization for characters. More = better! :)Sometimes servers are kinda laggy, but are rarely noticeable.Sometimes loading into the plaza will crash your game. (Not sure if its just me or not.)You can get addicted to the Casino rather quickly.Overall, if your looking for a game that you just want to chill and have fun, (with or without friends) I heavily recommend this game! 9/10!"
76561198078995181,Recommended,394690,32666893,Posted: 22 June,all,HapHaxion,"More content is added regularly, there are many games to play within the Tower Unite universe, and the servers host all sorts of cool activities to do with friends. Worth the money."
,Recommended,394690,32651027,Posted: 22 June,all,TazGamian,"Its a very fun and entertaining game, I have spent many hours hanging with friends in my condo, somtimes even just watching tv in my virtual condo in tower unite with my friends if im bord. Also the mini games are fairly entertaining, and they have been updating it a decent amount, I have been playing since the game first came out and it has improved alot since its first release. I highly suggest this game, it is very fun in my opinion especialy when playing with other people."
,Recommended,394690,23123581,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Evelynn,"Great game, great community, but it's early access and as such it has poor optimization and TONS of bugs (most notably crashes made the game unplayable for me) but it's worth it if you liked the original Gmod tower."
76561198177281011,Not Recommended,394690,22818246,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Magic Crotch,This game definately needs updates. Do not buy until it gets better. There are only four games currently just wait till it gets updated and check back
76561198018276409,Recommended,394690,23372767,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Invidus,Tower Unite is an insanely fun game and I look forward to what else is to come. I have a huge issue related to this game when it comes to fps/lag issues. It seems to spiral out of control the longer I play and ends up with me not playing anymore because it just freezes up on me. Hopefully this is an issue that can be sorted out and I'll be happy to continue playing.
,Recommended,394690,23328566,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,charlesberg,"I've played this for 13 hours straight more or less.The state it's in is really nicecannot wait for the finished productFIX FOR MINIGOLF CAMERA ISSUES.When you can't get the charge bar to come back up to putt the ball, move the mouse up until the cursor appears as a little blocked symbol, then use rmb to line it up"
,Recommended,394690,23195169,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Origamimaster81,youtube simulator
,Recommended,394690,29191812,Posted: 11 January,all,Raz,"Secondlife light: less furries editionYou get your own home, get to customize it as much as you want with lots of furniture and stuff to choose fromNice shops in game, using in game currency you earn from mini games and the casinoThe main moneymaking games are kinda like the mini games from super monkeyball, and are fairly fun, especially with friends.It's a decent time sink for $15, and it keeps getting updated at a nice pace.  Looking forward to the future of this"
,Recommended,394690,29179344,Posted: 11 January,all,Soul Garurumon,"Cons:>The game may freeze in loading. (Though it's nice that the game tells you it may freeze.)>It may lag when loading the various parts of the plaza.>Needs a decent pc to run, you can change the settings though some of the images do get blurry.Pros:>Variety of games to play, with more in the works.>The community overall is friendly and helpful.>""We're so sorry."" --- The devs knew what they were doing and gave the people what they wanted.The game has grown with each new update bringing a variety of new things to do, while it may turn down some people who don't want to wait for new content it should be noted that the game is in early access. Overall the game is pretty fun and relaxing,unless of course you use the casinobut that's for you to figure out yourself."
,Recommended,394690,29556410,Posted: 28 January,all,SCPLeader,This game is just amazing.
76561198069347127,Recommended,394690,32851764,Posted: 27 June,all,DICK8=D,a very nice game to play with friendsbut I have no friend
,Recommended,394690,28851491,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tourettes Guy,"The game is slowly getting better.Pros:Very fun to play with friendsNot very hard to run itHas a good variety of game modesThere's a lot to do and buildings to buyCons:Feels like a grind when getting the TU coins to buy buildingsBuildings are almost too expensive(you get maybe 4000 or so coins in one game of mini golf on garden)Building is very weirdThe game lags super hard when getting into the plazaUncontrollable stutter at ransom timesHas a couple bugs in new game modsThat's it for now. This game is quite fun, but I recommend you have friends to play it with."
,Recommended,394690,32837717,Posted: 26 June,all,Squatward,"Great game with awesome devs.Buy it, it deserves a way bigger community."
,Recommended,394690,32742040,Posted: 24 June,all,Taleson,"I enjoy this game very much. It is just like the GMod Tower, but obviously better. I would like it better if the devs included messaging, shorter loading times, and more regular updates. I think this game will be amazing when it is finally released, but for now it is good as is. Progression would help this game get a bigger base, so I hope the devs release more regular updates."
76561198347629289,Recommended,394690,32862446,Posted: 27 June,all,PINOU,"Ehh, its good, most of it... not sure what else to say so let me tell a little bit of my life. I play games, thats pretty much it other than some other stuff, dont know what else to say to let me tell you a little bit of my life."
,Recommended,394690,32955113,Posted: 28 June,all,Psycho,Minigames and condos. Get this instead of Golf with your friends.
,Recommended,394690,32953600,Posted: 28 June,all,qwertydash,"Came for customization, stayed for golf."
,Recommended,394690,32976221,Posted: 28 June,all,Triggerhoax,noice
,Recommended,394690,32914077,Posted: 27 June,all,Gnomey,You play mini games/party games in order to get currency in order to buy furniture in order to furnish your condo in order to show how big your willy is.
,Recommended,394690,32914808,Posted: 27 June,all,Rusty,Must buy if you like Gmod Tower.
10166610266610366,Recommended,394690,32808638,Posted: 26 June,all,vegetable,It's like a second second second life.You can also give a golfball an afro.
,Recommended,394690,32944588,Posted: 28 June,all,Ward,best game eveeerrrr!!!!!
,Recommended,394690,32986044,Posted: 29 June,all,✪ Vexasoe B>Skins 70%,A real life simulator
,Recommended,394690,32983728,Posted: 29 June,all,Russian Doge,A fun little game
76561198264516034,Recommended,394690,32992325,Posted: 29 June,all,MyOwnTomato,I like it a very lot :^)Thank you for reading my review :^)
,Recommended,394690,32995664,Posted: 29 June,all,UltiPengz,"This game for an early access state is already great alone; with stringing from a Gmod based mod into a standalone boosting it's start at release. The game has blown my mind; I thought I'd regret the purchase due to a lack of things to do but at a soon state did I realise that acquiring currency had been a challenge and had many rewards giving the game more and more abillities and ways to tackle things. Beyond that the game is only in early access and the devs are very open about their projects and the progress on such projects allowing me to see scheduled release dates for new content which provides how the whole game has summed up and tackled many objectives and goals for the game I had. Overall, the game is wonderful and is worth the amount of money it costs with their being no negatives that could come to mind for the game has brought me to spirits that I haven't experienced since classic games I've navigated through. It's a moshpit of PS Home and Gmod based content that sum up to be a great and polished experience with an art style and music that simply blows me away."
76561198052624806,Recommended,394690,33005144,Posted: 29 June,all,she,Fun.
,Recommended,394690,29457602,Posted: 24 January,all,Ninny mint,people watching noot noot in the theater*Puts this on*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG33zECv8dcThis game is great thoughThe mini golf is fun and trickyIt has many flaws and glitchs that need to be worked out and patchedAnd altitude crashes my game every time I try to play itBut it's funBall race is fun and has great music(especially GLXY)Virus has alot of potential and is fun so farHowever it could use some more maps and balance updates to the existing onesFor example the map Hospital is really easy to win as survivers while Overtime and Desertion lack good spots to camp and defendI have not played planet panic typing derby or trivia yet so I cannot comment about their qualityBowling is a bit boring and easy but is a great way to make moneyThe Casino is addictive and will actually give you A little profit but isn't the best if you're looking for profit Speaking of whichMoney (units)Is used to buy cosmetic items for your character which you can buy and equip in the main menu pause menu and certain shopsAnd furniture for your condo such as beds TVs Which can play youtube and soundcloud links just like the theater and musical instruments which can be playedand last but not least Canvas items which you can apply you own images toThe theater is entertaining if you like1) trolling2) being trolled3) Watching random stupid usually funny videos(with/by) strangers on the internetThe playerbase is rather small and you WILL see the same people multiple times if you connect to the same server which is pretty coolThe devs are still working on the game and are no where near done with it
,Recommended,394690,29312592,Posted: 17 January,all,Al Bundy,The game is great. Lots to do. When its more complete it will be amazing.
,Recommended,394690,29314756,Posted: 17 January,all,☵➘Immune❖2AIDS➚☵,It scratches that itch that has been left since the end of games like Playstation Home. Infinite potential. 10/10
,Recommended,394690,29284717,Posted: 15 January,all,Mugi,GG M8
,Recommended,394690,29284759,Posted: 15 January,all,Danut,Best 15 euros spent in 2017.
,Recommended,394690,29414587,Posted: 21 January,all,Lifey,"Want to start a gambling addiction?Want to get random freezes when loading and then have to restart your PC?Want your golf ball go 1cm off the hole?Want to buy a virtual condo with a 3 monitor setup with LED lights?The this is the game for you!!Overall 6/10Dev's are pretty good but the game does have some bugs.. Could be fixed.. But its a pretty nice game, try it out and refund it if you dont like it."
,Recommended,394690,27156803,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-Emodud #PraiseHopeJesus,honestly man you can have a bloody sauna wel make one anywayyou can have a huge condo ...you can annoy the hell out of your friends by saying '''he buddy ... lets go bowling''or well you can also do tons other fun stuffi think it be faster saying what you cant do in this gamewell alot becuase it is in alpha but still
76561198158943805,Recommended,394690,29345665,Posted: 18 January,all,G4R3TH84,i do like this game although it would be good to get a full game of minigolf when joining a server instead of startin midway or on the last hole of a course. They should make it that you cant join a game thats already being played. The only way to get a full game is starting your own server and doing it that way which sucks because is takes people forever to join and when they do your already on hole whatever that really is my only issue with tower unite
,Recommended,394690,29388672,Posted: 20 January,all,Martindiao,"It's really a good game, hope to see the whole version as soon as possible."
,Recommended,394690,29385578,Posted: 20 January,all,bewbs I CSGOatse.com,"I freakin' love this game, the community is the best ever!"
,Recommended,394690,29347553,Posted: 18 January,all,Wolf,"First of all, calm down, it's Early Access.Don't expect it to be exactly like Gmod tower because it's not. Not only because they can't use copyrighted assets, but because they're adding cool new content.So the developers are still the same, they didn't sellout or anything like that.It's the same Towers, but not on Gmod. This is how a good game does it by itself, but they need time, money and support.The good stuff!+ All old minigames are back (Virus, Ballrace and Minigolf, so far).+ New minigames out and coming soon.+ New items, new currency.+ Very nice graphics. (though read the not-so-good section as well)+ Developers are always there to answer any question.The not-so-good stuff...- If you have a low-mid end PC, you won't be able to run it very well, specially when you're in a server with many people.- Virus doesn't feel the same (it feels much more fast paced, but maybe that's just me).- Character customization is very limited. I hope this changes in the future, because all people have the same body types atm.- Servers. This is what I don't like at all. 2 reasons:1. People won't be joining your condo because it's going to be another server, and that's just a waste of time.2. Too many servers that aren't official, even though they're dedicated. (so you'll see random people's dedicated servers filling up the list).- If you play a minigame in any server, if the host leaves, the minigame is over.- It doesn't feel like a community anymore, people just straight join into a minigame, or their condo. I don't know if there's any reason to join the plaza anymore. I miss the waiting queue for the minigames, but maybe this is more practical (I really wish everything would be in the same server though).- Some annoying bugs to fix, but you know, it's Early access.If this game never grew and stayed the same as it is now, I'd actually rate this bad, but since the developers are so hard-working and dedicated, I have no problem giving this a good review, because I know it will get better.I was in the Private Alpha and content came out frequently and this doesn't seem to change. So give it a try, even if you don't play it now, you'll play it later for sure.UPDATE:Due to the hard work from the develpers adding new content from time to time, I'd recommend it to anyone, because it's getting really fun. I only wish there was more people around. Come play! :)"
,Recommended,394690,30090112,Posted: 21 February,all,Scout Trooper,This game reminds me of the original gmod tower but it still needs a lot of work. Not to much in the game because I have already unlocked everything but the bowling balls and that's really it. But if you like to watch game take shape then this is your game because it is very early in its Devolpment process. But get this game if you want it's not bad but don't expect it to me finished with in 2 days.
76561198053866160,Recommended,394690,30090395,Posted: 21 February,all,Fungus,"It was good while I had it, which wasn't long, what is there so far is alright, but I wouldn't recommend buying it at this stage unless you wanted to show support for it, it doesn't have all that the orginal Gmod Tower had (Mainly due to being seperate from Gmod and is now it's own purcashable game) so you can't   be your favortie characters like before, but chances are with time it'll include more player models at it will include new game modes, item, activities, and all that they promised in the Kickstarter. So if you really want to buy it, go for it, if it's not what you wanted just grab a refund, and if it is what you wanted keep it, it'll only get better from there."
,Recommended,394690,28760568,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,₲odzillaÎs₭ing2Ô14,"It launches now all i had to do was verify my microsoft account for some reason. It takes a minute or two to load but it works now, it's a little laggy but it works i love it."
,Recommended,394690,30727366,Posted: 25 March,all,Cpt.Peter,neat.
,Recommended,394690,30112833,Posted: 22 February,all,No Mither,Seems like this game has a lot of potential. Still not sure about the $15 price tag though.
,Recommended,394690,30133506,Posted: 23 February,all,﴾๖Ḹὗmἷṱἷc﴿,"Well besides running this game on a laptop and integrated graphics as I'm too poor to afford a Nvidia and new CPU this surprisingly runs sorta well for a no graphics card PC (Well of course on the lowest settings and resolution cut down to 30). This game is most basic terms a very ramped up gmod/GMT. This game brings the connectivity with the public and to friends just like GMT. The Graphics well speak for yourself by the screenshots above... It's damn beautiful just like any Unreal Engine 4 Game is but this one goes past levels I have never seen myself in a Unreal Engine 4 game The lens flare, The Water, The textures well they depend on what you choose(I have low settings it looks REALLY bad but it's ""playable"")in conclusion with the graphics it's amazing it's nice and very good to look at it's one of the best looking games I have seen!In complete review by score I give 8.5/10•Graphics 10/10•Games 9/10•Connectivity 8/10Well I don't have much to say about this game although this is a mess of a review I have to say the edge did really put a lot of work on this game.These are my opinions BTW."
,Recommended,394690,32265885,Posted: 8 June,all,Pea,"Granted the current amount of content is low, if you take your time to explore everything that's given to you by the time of this review, it'll be worth the price. Maybe."
,Recommended,394690,32269280,Posted: 8 June,all,NOTCUDDLES,"I believe that this game, Tower Unite, has tremendous potential and I can't wait to see the full game, there are already so many things you can do and they're all very fun.  If tere is something that isn't in the game but seems fun, then it's probably being added.  Overall 10/10 for a minigame based game.  I've never had this much fun playing minigames."
,Recommended,394690,32300902,Posted: 9 June,all,:-) champinj0n,theres a casino
,Recommended,394690,29287899,Posted: 15 January,all,JoeZx3,"This game is great! If you love roaming around worlds or building your own stuff, this is the game for you. Great hang out game on the steam where I've been looking for, for a while now."
,Recommended,394690,29661570,Posted: 2 February,all,[blue][LFG]Bengisaru,Not very entertaining right now but i can tell its gonna be great!
,Recommended,394690,29713049,Posted: 5 February,all,PHOENIXN445.exe,Most of my time was spent in the casino10/10 brings out the gambling in me
,Recommended,394690,29713545,Posted: 5 February,all,Ａｍ４,The casino will consumeyour soul(And also your money)
76561198212138169,Recommended,394690,29687360,Posted: 4 February,all,Checkji,"Today's review: Tower Unite.This is actually a really good game, despite the lag. The lag is survivalbe for people like me, who have a ping of 356(my actual ping). However, it is early access, so there is a lot of missing features but you can see everything that will be completed in the lobby, so it does'nt look empty. The games are fun, and when it's completed I can see this game being really popular. There is an unfinished rollercoaster, a finished ferris wheel, the condos are wonderful, BUT. Even when you are playing singleplayer on your condo, it's still laggy. I turned every graphics setting to the lowest and it was still laggy. besides form that, it's a good game. I also tried all the games except planet panic because it did'nt work because there were no servers (even Virus, which took forever) and they are all really fun.BTW, bowling is a lie."
,Recommended,394690,30015277,Posted: 18 February,all,Lereyk,The game is well made. Feels like Gmod Tower again. I had some glitches with the minigolf game.But I still recomend it.I know it's an early access but I can see a great future to the game.You might need a good computer cause it may crash if your PC does not have the reccomended things for it to work.9/10.
,Recommended,394690,30012362,Posted: 18 February,all,iostream64,This game is what social MMOs should be. It deserves - AND NEEDS - more players!
76561198113731233,Recommended,394690,29972580,Posted: 16 February,all,STGus☭Random русский,Its great but it needs to update alot more
,Recommended,394690,29999226,Posted: 17 February,all,iykhug,this game is cool kid
,Recommended,394690,29910884,Posted: 13 February,all,ImSorryM8,"I was wondering where GMTowers dissapeared to, then after viewing the forums, this game was brought to my attention.This game looks so much better on the Unreal Engine, but its mechanics feel the same as if this was on the Source Engine. If you enjoyed GMTowers, give this a try. If you were a donator, definately get this game, you can transfer your inventory over to this game.Around 60% of a server popularity hangs around the Casino area, since its the fastest way to get money, or Units as they are called. I have put in a decent amount of time at the slots (Wheel Of Money is popular, but the jackpots dont give out that often, its extremely rare with a huge payout though) I reccomend the other slots. The Diamond slots are pretty hard too, but the other slots that has a video minigame is the easiest, it will pay out around 800-3k and losing is rare.I see around 100-300 players online at any time, it will probably be bigger if it gets more news and comes out of early release. You will spend most of your time trying to customize your character and place of residence, ive dumped almost 400k into my place alone. I love the part where you can actually watch full movies in your residence or in the public theatre.There are people who have Hentai/Porn/Furry stuff in their condo, its allowed in private, but not if its a public condo, beware when joining other condos. You have been warned.(Theres a server lobby called Trump Tower lul, although no one goes to it)Edit: I was just informed Custom community based servers (not offical servers) can have their own rules."
76561198321634977,Recommended,394690,29899874,Posted: 13 February,all,Snowy,It's worth it.For the casino.And that's it (At least for now).
,Recommended,394690,29901512,Posted: 13 February,all,Virnios CS.DEALS,"One of the best games I have played to be straight up honest,there are so many things to do, not only that there are many things coming!They have a active trello page where you can follow the development of the game and see what is coming very soon.The developers are very friendly, and the game is full of content even in an early access!This game is giving me the second life i've always wanted, paradise."
,Recommended,394690,29559411,Posted: 29 January,all,bonez1127,10/10 casino simulator lizard overlords does not let anyone get jackpots.
,Recommended,394690,30210366,Posted: 26 February,all,Beard,"AAres musuem is worth 15 bucks on its own, GREAT GAME"
,Recommended,394690,30210057,Posted: 26 February,all,zinx,10/10 gamba
,Recommended,394690,30200652,Posted: 26 February,all,Mentally interesting person,>starts game>loads plaza>game freezes>goes to plaza>goes to cinema>someone plays breastfeeding video>almost puked11/10 fun game
,Recommended,394690,30166561,Posted: 25 February,all,[R3Z] LuminHardt,"super fun, nice community can't wait for more stuff to come in this game"
,Recommended,394690,30166860,Posted: 25 February,all,✪ Zunkin,"Really fun with friends, got a bunch of different game modes to play and even a casino you get addicted to :P + no microtransactions"
76561198036585912,Recommended,394690,30213328,Posted: 26 February,all,The vengful King,Great Game Buy it for yourself and a friend I highly reccomend its fun and I played the game for 6 hours straight and didnt get bored I forgot ABOUT my life problems and theres a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of content their still adding
,Recommended,394690,30198437,Posted: 26 February,all,Lamey,Best casino simulator 10/10
,Recommended,394690,30231322,Posted: 27 February,all,Noxious wootcases.com,"Saw it on Summits Channel, now i have a own house for 150k & a normal condor with a crazy own builded Partyroom . Love it, its Worth it!Computer:-FX 8120-RX 460@30-60 FPS <3"
,Recommended,394690,30157598,Posted: 24 February,all,Lord Marsden,Best early access game I have ever bought. Even though this is the most unfinished early access game I have bought it has been the most fun and the most worth its money. If you were a big fan of GMODTOWER or just gmod or just fun games buy this game. Since I absolutley love GMOD I had to buy this. Honestly this is 100% worth the money especially when the game is acually finished.
,Recommended,394690,30181261,Posted: 25 February,all,Marston,Sick Game
76561198189020622,Recommended,394690,30168761,Posted: 25 February,all,suicidal mushroom,This is like five different games in one... It's what you've always wanted
,Recommended,394690,30136831,Posted: 24 February,all,Vitality,Great game to treat your gambling addiction.
76561198351301233,Recommended,394690,31192749,Posted: 16 April,all,kulalulualien,"First, this game has a lot of work to be done. It is quite fun to play all the mini games that are includied. PLZZZZ NOTE that when they say no microtransactions they mean it. You have to play games and go tho the casino to make currency which i really like because it dosent drain my debit card. You can customize you character and appartment by visiting one of the many shopping areas on the grounds. This game is just a bundle of fun that can be found in a tiny folder on your hard drive."
,Recommended,394690,28321463,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Newshelo,i can't join lobbies to go to plazas.can give me any solutions?
,Recommended,394690,29954785,Posted: 15 February,all,Pure,EatSleepCasinoRepeat
76561198350656379,Recommended,394690,30264204,Posted: 1 March,all,[DEFN] Charles,This Is A Really Good Game I Had For A Day Now It Really Fun I All Ready Have 43k On That Game The Games Bring Old Time Rip Gmod 2009 2016
,Recommended,394690,30173870,Posted: 25 February,all,Feelin Whitney,"This game was amazing to play! My only issue is that the most recent update has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my fps, when I would usually run at close to 200 fps with max settings max everything, now I put everything to the lowest and now it runs on 1 fps. In my PC is a gtx 1070, and I-7 4770K. really ♥♥♥♥ed me man"
,Recommended,394690,30266831,Posted: 1 March,all,electricvocaloid,"I played GMOD Tower for a couple of days, and was sad to see it go. But, now that I see how it's become an independent project, I'm happy again.The game is perfect, and colorful, and expansive. MacDGuy and his team did a good job making their own game.My only complaint is that the game is SUPER slow, and I really want to play it to death, but it's just so huge of a game.I'm not complaining about that part about the game being too huge. It's perfect the way it is."
,Recommended,394690,30232291,Posted: 27 February,all,Cars3,"Please fix little crusaders, its so easy to get the button...."
,Recommended,394690,33631564,Posted: 18 July,all,<|  PEPLE  |>,"Very good game, I can play this for hours on end. So much to do and much more to come!Good to play with friends which is even better with hosting so no need to port forward or pull out hamachi.My only complaint is not enough players but that can be fixed!"
,Recommended,394690,33563271,Posted: 15 July,all,JD,I spent 8 hours streaming myself walking into peoples houses and harassing them. I loved every second of it.
,Recommended,394690,33530580,Posted: 14 July,all,Gussy,Golf is fun...
76561198199615828,Recommended,394690,33509598,Posted: 13 July,all,G59 | Anthony | TRADEIT.GG,"Honestly, One of the best games ive ever purchased. Its like PlayStation Home but 100x better. I love the fact that you can make your own house and put anything in it. I am definitelty looking forward to new updates."
,Recommended,394690,33512537,Posted: 13 July,all,Mistyfatguy™,"I sang in a green skeleton band in someones basement, will play again."
76561198274298021,Recommended,394690,32554396,Posted: 18 June,all,Spydermann,1. Get game2. Install.3. Play little crusaders4. Profit
,Recommended,394690,33386778,Posted: 8 July,all,Thrilloby MyCSGORanks.com,You enjoy Garry's Mod? You will enjoy this :)
,Recommended,394690,33389925,Posted: 8 July,all,bittersweet luluuu,"Day 482:I've spent an inhuman amount of time in the casino. I haven't seen sunlight in months. There are those from the ""outside"" talking about new games like Lazer Tag and Little Crusaders, but all my body knows is the cushion of this stool and the pull of the machine lever. Someone please send help."
,Recommended,394690,33438763,Posted: 10 July,all,MisterMel,"I haven't played this game a lot, but I can already tell that it's a good game. It's challenging -- but also fun & rewarding.The minigames are very fun -- its like getting 7 games in 1!"
,Recommended,394690,31454704,Posted: 29 April,all,Bear Polar,"It's fun, but i cant reccomend it in it's current Early Access state. Wait till a few more games modes release. Graphichs look a little too much like clay right now."
,Recommended,394690,33320723,Posted: 6 July,all,Singroff,"I didn't realize how much I was missing out on until I bought Tower Unite. There are so many great qualities here that make this title special, and a dedicated, kind development team behind the scenes.PROS--------+Unreal Engine. I use this engine for my own projects as do many other developers, from AAA studios to the lone wolf developing in his one bedroom apartment; There's a reason for this: The engine creates stunning games and allows for much more flexibility and streamlining than others. The fact that Pixeltail Games (Tower Unite developers) used this engine is a huge plus.+Content - There is SO much to do here. You can spend hours on the casino, mini golf, bowling, laser tag (newly added),  trivia, and much, MUCH more. You can decorate your condo with items purchased in the store for the in-game currency, units (There are no microtransactions, it's all free for everyone).+Gameplay - The gameplay is very fluid as far as controls go, even in the minigolf and bowling games.+Developers - The developers are active in their Discord and other communities, and they take suggestions for implementation from the community. They really care about their title, and that's a very important quality for a good game to have.CONS-------None that aren't excusable due to early access. The game is still in an early stage of development, and bugs are abundant but patched in their frequent updates.All in all, it's an excellent title with a ton of great content for a great price. You can't go wrong with this purchase!"
,Recommended,394690,33403799,Posted: 9 July,all,Al_titude,Great game! A little laggy when you host servers but thats expected! It's lovely. I reccomend to everyone!
76561198078743555,Recommended,394690,33409348,Posted: 9 July,all,Evilin666,This is an awesome concept. I am really enjoying myself! Please add Prop Hunt!!
76561198087905587,Recommended,394690,33411460,Posted: 9 July,all,HorsePlay,"This game is amazing! I know it's still in early access despite all this time but the amount of stuff that's already in the game is sufficient enough to keep you playing! The only thing this game really needs is more players, since most of the things to do in the game involve other players."
,Recommended,394690,33415411,Posted: 9 July,all,Morbid,"This game is a bit like PS home, or the old gmod tower. There are many activities to partake in, including gambling at the casino, bowling, laser tag, golf, ball racing, and others. All of these activities award you with coins which you can spend on furniture for your condo or customisation for your character. There are still many activities yet to come, but the game is still a lot of fun in its current state."
,Recommended,394690,33416989,Posted: 9 July,all,LouieG,"Unquestionable if the devs will ever release this game already, To be honest it shoud be. from there they can decide what to add to the game. But if you like all of the above what you see, I have to say becareful with macro users hogging up jackpots in casinos. casino is getting abused hardcore cause of these MACRO users!    (7/10) missing most point, theres potential but then its up to the devs on their part how to create this game for the community if it was compared to G-towers in the first place."
,Recommended,394690,33298115,Posted: 5 July,all,shoshook,"just amazing , such a wonderful game to play with friends and alone"
,Recommended,394690,33084847,Posted: 1 July,all,[LP] Frostydayo,Love it!
,Recommended,394690,27352350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sakurasweaters,"At its current state, it doesn't have tons of content, but what it does have is very well executed and the development is at a fairly brisk pace. If development continues in the direction it's going, the finished game will be everything GMTower was and more."
,Recommended,394690,28853351,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,InsaneWizard,"It's worth it for the mini-golf alone. Not even going to mention the casino, bowling, trivia, condo customization, other mini-games, and much more to come. Great devs with frequent updates, too."
,Recommended,394690,33024509,Posted: 29 June,all,WalterDisney,"If you had a PlayStation 3 during the time PlayStation Home was available, and enjoyed playing it, you’ll love Tower Unite.The game is in early access, and there are glitches and bugs here and there, but to be honest if you consider all of the work that has been put into the game, and all the future work the developer is intending to do, you’ll give it plenty of grace. The game’s trailer is true to its word, there are NO MICROTRANSACTIONS. This does mean you have to grind for money, but I’d much rather spend time earning the in game money than paying for it out of pocket.The customization for your condo is pretty detailed right now, with avatar customization currently lacking. This isn’t really a con though, you can tell the developer has tons planned for character customization in the future.The mini-games are pretty fun despite what some people are saying. Planet Panic needs some work, but the developer is aware of that, and is working on it (as well as a handful of other games to add into the mix).The casino is probably my favorite place in the game. The machines pay out well, and when you’re playing slots, you’ll keep trying to convince yourself you should take “just one more spin”. Some reviews state that making money takes too long, but I think the rate that you earn the in game currency is fair.Overall I think Tower Unite is definitely worth the price (even better if you get it on sale). The content currently in the game is enough to keep you interested for quite a long time, and the fact that the developer updates and patches the game regularly makes the future of Tower Unite look promising."
,Recommended,394690,33106771,Posted: 1 July,all,Franko,good :D)
76561198083451473,Recommended,394690,33110729,Posted: 1 July,all,PapJu,"I think for now it's just not complet but it's not bad for a not finished game and it's still in early access and the devs are working on it like crazy but what is more better is that you dont have a lot of content yet but the content that is already in the game is not boring at all and what i mean by that is that you have a little amount of anjoying content in it but remeber, at the time of this review the game is not finished yet and it's good, not a lot of early access games are that good with that little amount of content in it ;)I wouldn't by the soundtrack dlc tho because 10.00$ for a soundtrack isn't worth it :("
,Recommended,394690,33061203,Posted: 30 June,all,Schwachstrom,"This is a really great game that offers you value for your money.While it is still in early access, the game has hours of content already and ALL of it is available with an easily obtainable in-game currency. There are NO MICROTRANSACTIONS in this game. This was a selling point for me.One of the big features of Tower Unite is the ability to purchase different homes and decorate them in any way you you see fit. You're able to import images from the internet to display on your walls, and you can play media from various sources, such as YouTube and Souncloud, and enjoy this content with your friends in the condo.You get the currency to buy this stuff by playing various games. One of them in particular is definitely ripped from GMOD, but every other mode is really unique and interesting. At it may look like the games are shallow, but then you play them more and they grow in depth. In addition to these games, there is also a casino, and small other activities you can do around a main hubworld.There is a great community of accepting and helpful people, and there is always something cool to look at in someone's condo. I have been in the same server as the developer who was politely answering people's questions. The developers are active and hotfix stuff very quickly, and we are looking at great content down the pipeline including possible custom workshop avatars.Overall this game was definitely worth the $10.49 I got it for while it was on sale. I would easily pay $14.99 for the 25+ hours of entertainment I have gotten out of this."
,Recommended,394690,33066367,Posted: 30 June,all,bluzi,goes to casino.... doesn't leave casino
76561198052378807,Recommended,394690,33068942,Posted: 30 June,all,League of Loling,MY BALL GOT STUCK IN THE WHEEL IN MINIGOLF AND I GOT SHOT BY SOMEONE WHO WAS STUCK IN THE ELEVATOR IN LAZER TAG 0/10This game is actually really good and very fun to play with friends and gave me a good laugh 7.5/10
76561198154436760,Recommended,394690,33072764,Posted: 1 July,all,#PanPesteczka _Reflinio_,Realy good :D
,Recommended,394690,22384321,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,witchsty ♥,"If you can get past the elitist community, it's a pretty decent game to play with friends."
,Recommended,394690,33098516,Posted: 1 July,all,W1k0 [Imagineer],I miss Playstation home. This is definetly helps fill that hole in my life.
,Recommended,394690,33679080,Posted: 20 July,all,yar,the casino. zombies. and mini golf sold this for me.also the option to pimp out your virtual house is cool too
76561198063844648,Recommended,394690,33598886,Posted: 16 July,all,DICEBlOCK,10/10 If you are looking for a great game to play with friends.Worthabuy
,Recommended,394690,33574895,Posted: 15 July,all,BugZ,Grate game fun to chill relax and play with some ♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,394690,33630450,Posted: 18 July,all,scrumble,gwyneth paltrow named her kid apple
,Recommended,394690,33612844,Posted: 17 July,all,Gamer Mash [G.E.W.P],Great Game Had this on Day One i hope Tower Unite Makes it as Best Game ;)
,Recommended,394690,33559650,Posted: 15 July,all,Derper24,amazing.i remeber the times i played gmt and how sad i was when it endedand then this
,Recommended,394690,33567009,Posted: 15 July,all,(OS)Scale,"dis is good, very chill many things to do. Especially if you like decorating your own house. Community is 9/10 crazy people but in a good way. Luv dis game. Good golf btw"
,Recommended,394690,32533061,Posted: 18 June,all,PxlGaming0,"Good game!  Just needs more options for all the minigames. Like collision on minigolf.And on ball race, and all other minigames. And new maps. Not many bugs in the game, butmaybe it is better  to make a invite friends button, because then there's not the glitch that you cant see your friends server. And the condo's are awesome!Anyways i rate this game a 9/10."
76561198362638388,Recommended,394690,33591680,Posted: 16 July,all,sh1k,This is a great game and there is far more to be added but my one complaint is not enough people to play the games outside of the plaza sometimes but other than that it's a great game.
,Recommended,394690,33586299,Posted: 16 July,all,Jaws Boi,+alot of stuff to do and create+devs show progress on the projects they are working on for the game+community is pretty nice+most if not all game modes are fun-my freinds dont have this gameplease get this game
,Recommended,394690,33666192,Posted: 19 July,all,Nero,"Good game honestly, Just needs a little optimisation and a little more customization could be done like more jackets and such (Unless Im missing stuff). Just needs more minigames which is being done and I hope all the best from what this originally was Gmod Tower."
,Recommended,394690,26022196,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ryze,I got mad ♥♥♥♥♥ from this game would pick this up if you want to drown in ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,394690,33687094,Posted: 20 July,all,Charles Baxter,"Makes me want to go back to gmod tower to look back and compair the two games, its fun to go around and play the slots"
,Recommended,394690,33690651,Posted: 21 July,all,Ostinyo,10/10 can place couches on walls
,Recommended,394690,33719071,Posted: 22 July,all,Fam0r,11/10 would lose all my money on casino again
,Recommended,394690,23710107,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,王 kilroy952 王,"This game is relavent to PS home, and as a GMod Tower spin off its done exelente"
,Recommended,394690,33711247,Posted: 21 July,all,Dijon Mustard,I wish my friends had this game.
76561198400329090,Recommended,394690,33800638,Posted: 25 July,all,Dr Spicy Meme,"This is the only game I have been playing for the past week, its amazing.  Though it does lack a few things, it's still a great game.  They're adding things often and there are some great activities for you to do.  Its really fun, with friends or just by yourself.  Great game, I rate a 10/10."
,Recommended,394690,33796371,Posted: 25 July,all,EELI,"Tower unite is a great game with amazing production quality, and I recommend it fully. The only issue that I have is that I am unsure about the longterm player count, as gmod tower was able to rely on a steady stream of new garry's mod purchases to keep players joining."
,Recommended,394690,33842865,Posted: 27 July,all,Esskk,All features are irrelevant except the casino.Help me.
,Recommended,394690,23484728,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,OnlyIronaxe,"Honestly one of my favourite games.Been playing Tower Unite since it was Gmod Tower's first lobby and have loved it to bits, i've always wanted a game that gives me enough freedom within my own virtual space to create whatever I will, without giving mee everything straight off the bat and taking away any sort of progression or feeling of achievement for making these.Tower Unite does this really well - you play different games, or minigames dotted through the lobby plaza, or go into the casino in order to earn units (currency), which you can then spend on various different apartments or items to decorate them with, as well as different customisation items for your own player avatar (I bought a dog, best 30k ever spent).The items are priced relatively well to the rate at which you earn money, and being able to import my own pictures into frames for my condo is a very nice feature indeed. The game has an active development and PixelTail continues to add features to the game regularly. They're also frequently communicating with the consumer and so feedback is often heard, sometimes resulting in changes to in game issues.This game's fun to play alone, but definitely more fun to play with friends. If you want a chill game to just pick up and play, this is the one for you.10/10"
,Recommended,394690,24434818,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tire Marks,"There's a lot to do in Tower Unite.You can visit your condo, decorate it, save up money to buy one of the several other condos, and then invite your friends to watch youtube videos or play basketball.You can go to the casino and play poker, video poker, wheel of money(which is rigged af), spin to win(waste of money), grand quest, or double or nothing.You can play laser tag, which gives a hefty payout.You can play trivia, which is my personal favorite.You can go bowling while listening to 70's disco music.You can ride the ferris wheel for about thirty seconds before realizing it's really boring.You can play Virus, a zombie survival gamemode.You can play ballrace, but ballrace is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the only people who like it are super pros that only play on the hardest maps.You can play Little Crusaders and slay a dragon by pressing a button on it's back.You can play minigolf, which is the most badass minigolf game available.You can go to the theater and deal with the awful entertainment choices of other people.And finally, you can buy a jetpack, fly up into the air, and press k for a special surprise.The game also gets a major update about once a month so that's cool too."
76561197999477098,Recommended,394690,33932813,Posted: 31 July,all,Rjcdagas,"Cool game . Affordable, and fun with a couple of friends. The mini games are all really fun. Mini golf especially.  I recommend it.  Only a couple  suggestions..   Chess!!  :P   (Playing chess is a good way to pass time, and healthy one )   That would totally rock.  couple of tables where we can sit , wait for opponent,etc. Ah,  and a ranking system for it and the other games  (score sheet table for example next to each minigame?) would be alright too, just to give us something extra to do.  "" Gotta try and beat that dude who scored so high on that certain minigame""  ehehe.WOuld suggest things like changing editing ava, outfits, but im sure you guys are on top of that .  Good job"
,Recommended,394690,33972022,Posted: 2 August,all,ＣｈｅｅｓｅＭａｎ,"Great community, great game, great minigames, great world, great casino, just pretty great."
,Not Recommended,394690,22791136,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,feath (scary),"♥♥♥♥♥ier version of GMod Tower. The only reason to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game was because you couldn't play GMT but servers like GMT Classic are coming along at a faster rate than this hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥even without Indiegogo funding. Probably doesn't help that the head autistic ♥♥♥♥wit macdguy spent a good chunk of the cash on a luxury house. The player base is ♥♥♥♥ing awful, at the peak of the game's popularity the well known community figures spent more time on the forums than in game and were so ♥♥♥♥ing autistic that they took everything at face value and can't take a joke. Any criticism of the game or Pixeltail (or even a joke at their expense) would be treated as a personal attack. There were exceptions but the majority were just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Nowadays their is practically no community and the spacker devs have had to pull their thumbs out of their arses to scramble to get people to actually play the gamemodes by giving them more credits but instead of realising that the problem is that they're bored of playing the same gamemodes over and over and they don't really care that much about the payout. It's a pretty clear reflection on Pixeltail's way of thinking. A few positives though, some of the game worlds such as ball race and especially mini golf feel a lot more responsive and polished than the original gamemodes. Shame nobody ♥♥♥♥ing plays them 90% of the time. The game was supposed to be done months ago and it's still the early ♥♥♥♥ing stages of development and over half the gamemodes are missing. On top of all of this the game lacks the atmosphere and community that made GMT fun. Overall, you shouldn't buy this ♥♥♥♥ing shitheap of an insult to GMT made by selfish, autistic developers."
,Recommended,394690,34071130,Posted: 6 August,all,Name Jeff,"For the steady amount of updates, and how well this game runs, I have no doubt it will be completed. Keep up the good work devs!"
,Recommended,394690,34048182,Posted: 5 August,all,Odin,"Got it during the 2017 Summer sale at a slight discount. The game is being very actively updated from what I've seen since I bought it.The mini golf is what I've played mostly, it's good fun, and the other mini games are neat too. There are no micro transactions or any in game purchases at all is a big plus for me, you earn all units through playing mini games (or the soul sucking virtual casino) which you can then buy anything in game with, including residences, all sorts of stuff to customise them, and cosmetics such as character clothes, skins, custom bowling balls, hats for your golf balls....The developer seems highly responsive to suggestions, reports of bugs, and community feedback - the dev responded to me within a couple of hours when I posted in the suggestions board of their forum."
,Recommended,394690,22467654,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,a disappointment,Created a gang of Top Hat-Wearing Milk Cartons with confetti guns and terrorized the Main Plaza for 3 hours10/10 would allahu milkcart again
,Recommended,394690,34052705,Posted: 5 August,all,aupenn,"Tower Unite is definitely a fantastic remake of the old GMOD Tower gamemode from Garry's Mod. Current players who have previously played on GMOD Tower are definitely pumped to almost have all the original content backandnews about new content coming out very soon (the developes have been very responsive and very active). However, I'd encourage newcomers who haven't played GMOD Tower before the servers were shut down to consider purchasing this carefully. There isn't a large amount of content in this game to justify the price for some people. However, it may be up your alley. Currently, there are several activites. Just to name a few (most tbh): the Casino, the best place to gamble your digital money away (earned through games); Virus, something along the lines of COD Infected; Mini-Golf; Ball Run, something along the lines of the old Monkey Ball games; Laser Tag; Trivia Games; watching YouTube videos at the Theatre or even my own apartment! All these activites you can earn you Tower Unite's digital currency (well... except the Theatre) to customize your character, unlock items, gamble more of it away for even more cash, buy property, or buy furniture to make your house/apartment/condo fancy. Personally, I enjoy playing the mini-games, playing in the casino, and etc. to earn money to help spruce up my apartment. If any of these listed activites grabs you as something you could deeply invest time into, then this definitely is for you. I would like to encourage you if you are interested to get it even if you have no friends to play with. There is a lot of fun to be had!"
,Recommended,394690,34071213,Posted: 6 August,all,Mizososhi777,One of the funniest games out there and it's even funner with friends and people you know. So come join the fun and play with us if you have time.
,Recommended,394690,34056486,Posted: 6 August,all,Grumfeld Van Der Spoojwanker,Love this game tho
76561198042488069,Recommended,394690,34034469,Posted: 5 August,all,Subway Footlong 6.99,Amazing game but I really want this game to be updated more often.There is so much content to be made.
76561197963714337,Recommended,394690,34025981,Posted: 4 August,all,poleth,If they keep updating this game it will be pretty damn amazing. Allready its pretty neat
,Recommended,394690,33022075,Posted: 29 June,all,Jacuzzi (ง'̀-'́)ง,"This game is really chill, you know? Just hang out, play some games, get money. Decorate your condo, pretty fun. surePros:- Great game to play with friends, or maybe even to make new friends.- A personal condo (which is like an igloo in club penguin :D) that you can show all your progress in. Decorate it and customize it any way you want. ANYWAY YOU WANT. I have a body pillow of Megumin, thats how customizable it is.- Fun minigames that you can join instantly and start playing, or join with friends from the plaza.- A bunch of games anywhere from bowling and trivia to minigolf and a capture the flag variation thing with cats and dogs.Cons:- A big problem however is with the player base. Not only is it small but it's also sometimes, unwelcoming. So it may be hard to find new people to play with. But that is just in some cases, many others won't be welcoming or unwelcoming. But hey, it's the internet, good luck finding a welcoming community.- Going back to the small player-base, The plaza (main hub world for the server) only has an average of around 15 people on a typical server, and the plaza is Pretty big. So it's very hard to find anyone, its like an abandoned las vegas city.- This one is a bit opinionated: All the structures and pretty much everything in general at the plaza is very... Glossy. It just looks fake and not a real cozy feeling.- OMG ADD MORE CUSTOMIZATION! There's 4 base models to choose from, male, female, skeleton, and - Milk carton? But there's hardly any customization to the players character. No hair style change, no body size, nothing. Just colors. All the male models look like a rich snobby white boy, and the girls are ok but nothing special. *Need THICCER thighs*. But hey customization barely changes things. It would just be nice.- The most annoying thing for me, is that more than half the players in the plaza are at the casino. Its so boring and doesn't encourage any interaction between players. The casino is broken and needs a ""nerf"".- Also buggy here and there, but that is expected for an early game like this.7/10TL;DRHas fun games, great with friends, casual and relaxing. You have you're own customizable condo. However the player base is very small and sometimes unwelcoming, and many players stick to the casino for the most part, unfortunately. Player model lacks customization, IMO plaza looks too glossy, and there's some bugs."
76561198174457890,Recommended,394690,34005839,Posted: 3 August,all,breadz²3,>Loads game>Finds Aerie's porn emporium>Showed everyone I knew>They all hate me now
,Recommended,394690,34020583,Posted: 4 August,all,AnimaShark,"What? You're bored with shooting n killing people?Buy this game and play golf and decorate your own home.What? Not good enough? Ignore this game, because this game has it's own chill.Don't mixed the thrilling and andrenaline in this game.You want chill, Buy this game. Easy ~"
,Recommended,394690,34077490,Posted: 7 August,all,Yell0wAt0m,Its the prefect game you can buy items wear them or make a cool house/condo and theres amazing minigames. Its the same a Garry's Mod Tower and i love it for that!
,Recommended,394690,34168664,Posted: 11 August,all,BeeMovieTheGame,I think I'll like this game when i get a better PCconclusion: dont buy this if u have a gtx 520 XD
,Recommended,394690,34108282,Posted: 8 August,all,[A.E.] Voalik,Great game to get with a few friends to mess around in
76561198245583094,Recommended,394690,34381425,Posted: 20 August,all,Adam,"Niko, want to go bowling? and get to play cool games. rate 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,394690,34382963,Posted: 20 August,all,ShnizelFace,Bought this game todayLoved it when i saw the loading screen
,Recommended,394690,34387364,Posted: 20 August,all,Redux18™,Time flies when your having fun!Worth the cost for sure. 10/10
,Recommended,394690,34361060,Posted: 19 August,all,Jedna,best party game
,Recommended,394690,34397688,Posted: 21 August,all,Anal Crusader,The condo customization alone makes this game worth while
,Recommended,394690,31534926,Posted: 3 May,all,scary clown man!,fix treasure cove
,Recommended,394690,34442049,Posted: 23 August,all,wh1sper!,"I saw this game and thought it looked cool. Sadly, I do not yet have my nvidia graphics card installed. So i cannot play this game. I'm sure it's fun though, and I will be looking forward to playing it when I get an upgrade to my computer."
,Recommended,394690,34209315,Posted: 13 August,all,Orion,Great game at the moment. Definitely will get better in the future. Only issue is it needs more optimizations.
,Recommended,394690,34205262,Posted: 12 August,all,L3ks,pretty damn good
,Recommended,394690,34207425,Posted: 12 August,all,InfiniZoid,"A little background I've been looking for a good RP game forever Gmod is just little kids and admin abusers, Arma 3 is no RP and people killing you, and GTA:V the good servers are for youtubers only. Now I bought this game just to relive my time on Gmod towers bc I loved those servers and it turned out the RP community in this game is amazing. Community is awesome, games are fun, RP is awesome, building is cool, and you got a lot more to do here aswell, but Ill leave that to you. I just wish more people played this game at some points its a bit glitchy but its EA it's understandable, and the devs are hard at work."
,Recommended,394690,34207309,Posted: 12 August,all,[GCG] Pedrotski,"Very fun game, LOTS of laughs, Heaps of mini games and more coming. Its great!"
76561198409215688,Recommended,394690,34172455,Posted: 11 August,all,fuzzycrow15,"This game is actually alright.The things you can get up to around the Plaza range from trivia quizes to bowling to lazer tag, and I've yet to find something there I don't like. The Casino is definitely where it's at though; poker, slots, blackjack and more, with all the bells, whistles and flashy lights that make real gambling so enthralling to a lot of people. It's surprisingly addictive, which would be quite worrying if this game had micro-transactions, which it luckily does not.There's a few more competitive game types too, like minigolf and stuff like that. While they can be pretty chill when played alone, they can become very different with a group of friends. Running around inside a hamster ball while screaming ""MELON!"" can be more entertaining than one would think at first, and it does wonders to bring out the kid in you.Once you've got some money (in the form of units), you can spend it on various customization items, both on your PC and your personal condo. The condos themselves can be outfitted with various items of furniture, TV screens and ""canvas"" objects, which can be personalized with your own custom textures. These objects include framed pictures, candlelit shrines, literal dakimakura body pillows and even the very walls and floors. And yeah, that means you can finally have that daki you can't afford IRL. Hell, buy one for each waifu. I know I'm going to.Also, I forgot to mention the TVs will actually play YouTube videos. When it comes to media in this game, if you can link to it, you and your houseguests will see it. Sure, the video queue becomes unresponsive sometimes. Which brings me to my next topic...Does this game run perfectly? Of course it doesn't; it's still in early access. Does it look pretty? ♥♥♥♥ no. I literally bought a bucket of chicken to wear over my head because seeing my own character's face gives me an aneurysm.  But... this game likes to put emphasis on what precisely you're looking at rather than how it looks. The whole condo thing is pretty much an exercise in individualism; it doesn't really matter if you only get 15 fps while looking at that painting if you like the painting you're looking at. Then again, I'm running this game from a USB with a potato laptop, so take that as you will. Just bear in mind that other people have had similar issues.On the whole, this game advertises itself as a ""virtual party throwing"" game, and it backs that up to great effect. It lets me do everything I'm too anxious to do in real life; gamble, go to parties, and have people visit my house and look at my anime posters.  10/10 would play Healthy Social Life Simulator again."
76561198315932793,Recommended,394690,34263755,Posted: 15 August,all,CG364,I love this game!Only the bugs sometimes get a little annoying
,Recommended,394690,34258781,Posted: 15 August,all,zach,"This game is quite fun, actually! There are lots of minigames to play with others, in addition to getting to build your own condos and decorate them however you want. Highly recommended."
76561198013370790,Recommended,394690,34260919,Posted: 15 August,all,Pickle Rick,"This is an amazing game with tons of stuff to do with others online even in early access. I feel like anyone can have fun with this game. The best part is the this game will never have micro-transactions. I can see myself putting many more hours in this game and with more updates to come, I will never be bored."
,Recommended,394690,34285309,Posted: 16 August,all,Rhex,"Is the Casino Empty or Full Today? ... Full.Tower Uniteis an amazing 'game' and is still heavily in development. While it has flaws, some bugs, I find it hard to not recommend TU. Although, I would prefer to call this a 3D Social World rather than a game!It has a large plethora of Games and Activities, Great Character Customization and great Social Aspets like the Cinema, alongside the common Voice and Text Chat.Tower Unite is Amazing, and I look forward to what the Devs bring to TU in the future.NOTE:I recently made a video where I took part in every Game and Activity currently available in TU.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZYTNalFjak"
,Recommended,394690,23797915,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lunar,buy this and never see the outside world again
,Recommended,394690,34299650,Posted: 16 August,all,JakieTomi,"Very good game, honestly i recomend it and you should buy it! Don't even wait for a sale! there are few things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, however its just me ♥♥♥♥♥ing about pointless things. people start off in a very good house, i think they should change it that they start off in a small apartment or something becouse the house u get is wayy too huge and kinda ruins the point of getting a different one."
,Recommended,394690,34334167,Posted: 18 August,all,Ghost Coffee,This game has so much you can do and they are still coming out with more! There is also so much to customize! I can't wait for the full game to come out.
,Recommended,394690,22331628,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sean McMuffin,"Going into Tower Unite being a huge fan of Gmod Tower, I was very optimistic about the game. Everything we've seen so far got me excited to play, and I was ready to experience Gmod Tower with much more. Turns out, all the screenshots and video out there is everything we got. As of now, this game has hardly anything to offer. The character customization is minimal, there are only four games, and worst of all, the servers are a MESS. Condos seem to be the only finished feature. I understand this game is early access, but there's just not enough to satisfy. Gmod Tower should have been kept up until the end of early development. Keep in mind, this review will surely change in the future. But as of now, I strongly recommend you hold off on buying this game.EDIT (8/24/2017): So with the game being out for over a year now, you would think the devs have added enough content to make this game worthwhile. And well, yeah. It is. This game is worth a buy for what you will get out of it. The servers and condos have been improved greatly and I would say both are just as good as GMT's. Pixeltail updates the game regularly with new maps for gamemodes and other lobby features.My only hopes are that in the near future we get more expanded character customization, more gamemodes, and more balancing for pre-existing gamemodes (*cough* ultimate chimera hunt *cough*). Also, the casino's balancing is pretty terrible. Some games like double or nothing make you way more money than it should, whilst others aren't even worth playing.So yeah, for only $15 you can have some really fun experiences. Buy it."
,Not Recommended,394690,22350711,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,GalaxyRunaway,"If you want to spend over 5 hours on a WoM machine just to get sent to spawn and then have it taken from you, buy this game. If not, save your money."
,Recommended,394690,33397308,Posted: 9 July,all,Llamarino,find the solar pannels to win
,Recommended,394690,34511951,Posted: 26 August,all,Smitty Werbanjagermanjensen,god like.
76561198205385156,Recommended,394690,34746240,Posted: 4 September,all,brusierbrody6,"very fun, time consuming, addicting, and suspenseful."
,Recommended,394690,33082569,Posted: 1 July,all,OwTheEdge™,"Remember GMTower? Yes? No? Well it's back and better than ever!Built from the ground up in Unreal Engine 4 Tower Unite is the successor to GMTower granting you the best social experience in gaming.It's still in early access but that's for a good reason, the developers are involving the community when it comes to updating this masterpiece. The devs are open and clear and have convinced me to buy an Early Access title something which usually goes against my believes.I've played GMTower and really missed it when the servers got closed however I am glad to see that the Tower is back with a new lick of paint and lots of new features.Just buy it.You won't regret it."
76561198122826529,Recommended,394690,29366486,Posted: 19 January,all,HOWL3R77,"I recieved  this produce for free from a friend, So I decided to make a review about it.In Tower Unite, you have 3 options of what type of stuff to do.You can (1) Go to the Plaza and walk around, and browse what is in the game. They have things such as bowling, trivia, and the casino. These places are fun, and earn you quick money to buy some cool stuff in the game.You can (2) Go from the main menu into the games or navigate to the Game Center of the Plaza to play Games such as Ball Run (which is fun), Mini Golf, Virus, etc. This earns more money then playing some of the plaza games Ive noticed.You can (3) Go to your Condo, which is customizable with stuff you can buy from the stores at the plaza. For example, you can buy TV's that work just like Cinema in GMOD. The Condo is a very cool part of the game where you can simply hang out.That being said...The Game is also very Buggy, as its an early access game, which they warn you from the start. There are horrible loading times in certain cases, disconnecting randomly from lobbies, and sudden fps drops at places where it doesnt even make sense to hapen.I like the idea of the game alot, and I think its fun, however I see it getting very boring quickly, especially since there is an immense amount of games that arent even added yet.RE as of 9/4/2017- As more friends got this game, Ive noted that the game is so fun with around 4-5 people, as we played for a solid 3 hours, and im eager to play again. I would say that the game is getting better and that it is getting worth around 15 dollars, So I would recommend Tower Unite.."
,Recommended,394690,34649758,Posted: 31 August,all,[adult swim],"While TU's player count is rather low, about 400 players a day, its community is friendly. There isn't a high toxicity level within the community, and the devs tend to interact with the community quite a lot.Optomization is meh, the plaza gets around an average of 40-60, sometimes a peak of 120 FPS. It's weird. But mostly, when you're in minigames such as Minigolf or Bubble Race it should be fine.You get to design your own condo's and play videos on there and watch it with friends. I recommend playing this entire game while playing Breeze by Mitch Murder. It makes it a truly fun experience.Song:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEtoF5i9Tt4"
76561198152635892,Recommended,394690,34649169,Posted: 31 August,all,Patroxil,Unite with your friends as you gamble your hard earned money away for a couple of cat sacks...7/7
,Recommended,394690,34716333,Posted: 3 September,all,SN_pzN,Stunning.
,Recommended,394690,34724226,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr.Meeseeks,Such an Amazing Game! And it's Early Access! Can't wait to see what is to come!
,Recommended,394690,34668782,Posted: 1 September,all,NinjaCringa hellcase.com,"Very amazing game. I dont regret spending 60 dollars gifting it to 3 friends and myself. I recommend this game for its creativity should buy, it will not be a waste of your money :D Oh and also there are no microtransactions you earn ""units"" the games form of currency from actually PLAYING THE GAME  so its win win"
76561198093936250,Recommended,394690,34716669,Posted: 3 September,all,Communist Weasel,"Tower Unite is most definately a great game. I never got to experience gmod tower as it was shut down before I could experience it, but none the less I believe this was a good predecessor. Very active developers constantly working on new parts of the game or bug fixes. My only complaint is that there are not enough people playing on a regular basis for me to just hop on and play a mini game with anyone. Definitely get some friends to play this with if you decide to buy. 9/10 Not enuogh players."
,Recommended,394690,28924991,Posted: 1 January,all,r0bbie the soda can,it has super monkey ball
,Recommended,394690,34315852,Posted: 17 August,all,DrBlackman,Lots of bugs so beware. Excellent game premise though and hella fun.
,Recommended,394690,34314354,Posted: 17 August,all,Chucky,Very good game. But is buggy.also early acees still.
,Recommended,394690,29285077,Posted: 15 January,all,Jewel,"Re-bought it now that I can use a better computer, definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,394690,22310426,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,hyperdefined,Played over 300+ hours on the original Garry's Mod server.This is a lot better.
,Recommended,394690,34807436,Posted: 7 September,all,Krantz,great game. great ideas. stay in a casino for 20 hours and dont win the jackpot.
,Recommended,394690,34847404,Posted: 9 September,all,Mr Stabby,Slot Machine Simulator 2017
,Recommended,394690,34849695,Posted: 9 September,all,skinhub.com Reflekks,F****ing lit ma dude
,Recommended,394690,34870815,Posted: 10 September,all,Codexity,"would be more fun if there were a larger playerbase. Not many people playing as of now, hard to find game lobbies with more than 2-5 people."
76561198086946180,Recommended,394690,35282756,Posted: 28 September,all,DavidThe13,This game have many fun thing too play with.
76561197971656228,Recommended,394690,35415946,Posted: 2 October,all,Gossem,"A virtual game world for gamers.  All currency is earned in game, no micro transactions. That is a huge plus.  Looks good and has a nice variety of mini games with even more variety coming.  Regular updates.  For the price really worth while."
,Recommended,394690,35397097,Posted: 1 October,all,Mega Bacon Sticks!!!,"I encouraged a friend about (and has bought) the game, and then gifted Tower Unite to 2 friends. The only excuse you can give me is that I love shredding money or im addicted as ♥♥♥♥. Why did I never buy GMT Premium, lol."
,Recommended,394690,35306071,Posted: 29 September,all,mirzi,how to quickly get a gambling addiction
76561197978564068,Recommended,394690,35315316,Posted: 29 September,all,[Random] Jabrbox,tower unite is a good game and it is still good in 2017
76561197966582845,Recommended,394690,35322892,Posted: 29 September,all,Xclaw,Worth Every cent. Maybe more. just buy it. ++A
,Recommended,394690,35318422,Posted: 29 September,all,abcdefghiJK,fun game
,Recommended,394690,35358536,Posted: 30 September,all,Kosciuszko,Enjoyable
,Recommended,394690,35334278,Posted: 30 September,all,👻DoggieWoof👻,"tHIS IS A GREAT GAME GET IT 10/10-Joins a plaza-Asks how to open catsacks-someone tells me ""Press k on them""-i try-i get killedggezI was in minigolf screaming ""WHITE SUPREMACY""made a dude get super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would be more supreme"
76561198007470543,Recommended,394690,29432229,Posted: 22 January,all,Taco Salad,Its like Burning man but without the old man♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and more screaming.
,Recommended,394690,35432637,Posted: 2 October,all,Pug,plz  make potato character like the milk
,Recommended,394690,24769973,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,♫ blackraider ™,Best online party game ever honestly 10/10
76561198043575812,Recommended,394690,35503563,Posted: 5 October,all,8BitSky,"I like this game-- I really do.Hell, I recommend it to anyone who liked Gmod Tower.But then here's the problem---It's... not as good as the gamemode was, in my opinion.I understand why it exists-- It's because of the fact that gmod was limited, while if they made their own game they weren't as limited as with gmod.But that doesn't mean I don't miss gmod tower, and all the friends I had from gmod tower that i forgot to add as friends because i'm a lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.It just.. Feels lacking, in my opinion. I can't tell why, but it just does.I understand Gmod tower was shut down because of the cost of hosting a server, but this game's sold pretty well.I feel like it would be really good if there was a gmod tower server on gmod.But there's not, and won't be. And I understand that.Still, doesn't mean I won't miss gmod tower.Eh, whatever. I'm just ranting at this point.My computer isn't really good enough to play this often though tbh10/10 can buy a potato gun"
,Recommended,394690,27988491,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Josh.,its ok yes
,Recommended,394690,35505475,Posted: 5 October,all,www.945k.network,Underrated.
