user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,394970,32360456,Posted: 12 June,all,pole,"Fairly challenging, very satisfying game. It takes a fair bit of planning, skill, timing and some luck to play through it. The game doesn't fail to surprise with the hike of difficulty each stage brings in. Very interesting story, it was really well made. Undead put into the role various criminal organizations really set a neat atmosphere to the experience - you being the 'Reaper' who happens to take the role of a hitman is also fitting.Highly recommending, if you're skilled it will probably take you from 1-3 hours of game time to finish it but it's definitely something you can replay and there's a custom map editor included with it."
76561198040837514,Recommended,394970,21866325,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Brudda,"I highly recommend Deadbolt to those that like stealth games or wanting to get into the genre.  The combination of the setting and gameplay make this game very enjoyable.There are two modes, story and custom.  In story mode you play various set missions, there isn't much replayability in this mode.  You can replay missions to earn a 5 star rating and that's about it.  You also earn souls for completing missions and achievements, you can use souls to buy weapons such as shotguns, smgs, silenced weapons, melee weapons, and grenades.  In custom mode you can download and play user-made maps, this is where the replayabillty comes in.  You can also make your own maps and let others play them as well.For gameplay mechanics, when using a gun there is a reticle on-screen and you manually move it to aim and shoot the enemies, so some skill is needed to pull off headshots consistently.  You have melee weapons such as the knife and hammer, pretty self explanatory, you go up to the enemies and stab/bash them to death, a fun thing you can do with a knife (and other throwables) is you can throw it and kill enemies.  You can also throw the knife at various angles and land on top of enemies as well.A mechanic which I found interesting was that you can enter vents and traverse the level without being detected.  In certain situations you can kill enemies when you pop out of the vents.  Combined with the alertness of enmies, his feature opens up a lot tactics that you can utilize to kill, sneak past, or distract enemies.Lastly there is a ""cover"" mechanic where you can flip over tables or hide behind bigger objects to protect yourself from enemy fire.Some issues that players might have with this game is the difficulty.  You only have one life and if you get shot or hit, you die and have to start the mission over; there are no mid level save points.From a hours:gameplay ratio you'll get a lot of hours out of the game IF you play custom maps, this is the meat of the game.  If you're playing the game purely for story mode, then I would wait for a sale and get it a bit cheaper.  But that is not to say story mode is not enjoyable it is quite fun.With all of this said, overall I feel the game is very fun and refreshing.  This game is a must have, if not now then for sure later on in the future.  I hope this review is helpful to you."
76561198000276114,Recommended,394970,23289039,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,BAK,"For lovers of stealth action games like Hotline Miami, Gunpoint or Hitman series this game is just outstanding.Its' demands for proper planning combined with fast-paced action and total unforgiveness are something that will wake up your inner perfectionist.Not saying protagonists' and enemies' strengths & weakenesses are very well balanced, making gameplay fair and fun.Btw, excellent music is a rare gem on top of everything else."
,Recommended,394970,28770586,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,e4,"DEADBOLT is an atmospheric fast-paced shooting action game with stealth elements.The kind where you evaluate your surroundings, come up with tactics for beating the level, try to execute it, fail miserably and try again. Along the way you change your approach until you find something that works, and it's cool that there is more than one solution for beating each level - you can kill everything that moves (if you have enough bullets), you can break through (if you have the speed and the skill), or you can silently sneak to your destination.Usually, it's the combination of the three, and you'll have to carefully manage which weapon you should use, which enemy you'll kill with it and when - all in a split of a second. It plays a lot like Hotline Miami, actually. So if you like Hotline, you'll like the DEADBOLT.DEADBOLT has a rather peculiar setting. The location it takes place in is literally called ""this Place"". It knows no sunshine and its inhabbitants know no warmth, they only ever feel cold. And they surely don't like it, as one of your first assignments in the game is to investigate a new drug bursting on the streets, ""The Ash"", which allows its users to feel warm and alive. You play as ""The Reaper"" - a trench-coated hired gun with an empty skull. Your current employer is ""The Fire"", in much more literal sense than you would think: to communicate, the protagonist actually listens to fire, by lighting a fireplace in his room. You're not the only employee of ""The Fire"", they have a whole network of agents called ""The Candles"", black antropomorphic chandeliers. They will provide you with information and assist you in other ways too. The Fire pays for your work with Souls, and you give your Souls to Charon to buy new equipment.Speaking of equipment, this game has quite a variety of it. You can buy most items, but some of them you can only find within the levels themselves. The weapons have subtle differences: at first they all seem similar, but soon you'll find out that one weapon is super accurate, the other is super silent, third is super strong, fourth has huge clip size - and it all matters for the gameplay. Your arsenal isn't limited to guns only, either — there are other varieties, like a scythe, stun grenades, etc.To help you to play through the level in the manner you want, this game also has various features, like:- The ability to turn light on / off in rooms and break lightbulbs;- Luring enemies in with a sound, like knocking on the door, enabling the microwave, etc;- Using furniture as cover in a gunfight;- The ability to transform into smoke and travel through air vents;All these features can be used whichever style you want to play, giving the gameplay just enough variety.Visual style and sound design fit together rather well and create a solid impression of the world they depict. As carnage is always an option in DEADBOLT, developers have tried to make particle effects, like explosions, blood splats and body physics as appealing to the eye as possible. There are four factions in the game, and each of them has distinct visual and sound style.The weapon sounds are right on the spot, and the soundtrack is also cool, with some compositions you'll probably want to listen to even outside of the game.The game has 27 levels in total, with an unlockable hard mode for additional challenges after the first playthrough. It also has Steam Workshop integration, so you can always get new maps made by other players.Overall, DEADBOLT is an action game with good mix of stealth, combat and rapid decision-making. According to SteamSpy, at the time of this review it has sold around 32k copies, and it definetly deserves more. Give it a try if you have an insatiable craving for high-paced action games.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,394970,28768316,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Calyx,"I just finished the game. I beat the final level, it might just be me bieng weird, but when i beat games i really like, i feel empty... It's just that thought of 'I'll never be able to experience this again without knowing what's going to happen next' I love this game to death, i'm hoping a sequel will be made. Thank you for making this."
,Recommended,394970,21841384,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,sqwarlock,"I fell in love with the prototype for this game, but was sure it'd be a while until the full game arrived. SURPRISE! It's here, and it's even better than the prototype.Tight controls, fun gunplay, an incredible soundtrack, and a text-based story that I can't wait to get more of.Be careful though, the game is quite difficult AND it ranks you based on your performance. Those kind of hooks can get in you and never let go.Highly recommended, and I can't wait to see what kind of content hits the Steam Workshop."
,Recommended,394970,21859925,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Your Best Friend,"TLDR: Hotline Miami (1) and Gunpoint have an awesome baby.Hopoo games, two college students that previously made the awesome game Risk of Rain (think Contra + Binding of Isaac), have done it again, and made another great 2D action game with lovely art and perfectly fitting music. In the short time I've played, I've experienced great controls, an intriguing and slowly unwound story, and perfectly flowing gameplay. Like I said above, it is basically those two indie games, wrapped into one. The Gunpoint comes from the somewhat puzzle-ish infiltration of buildings and eliminating guards with a few interesting powers, and the Hotline comes in with the form of fight-die-learn-repeat gameplay. I haven't encounted any bugs so far, aside from some doors that like to close with me on the wrong side of them, and the progression and introduction of new, tougher enemies makes the game a continues learning curve. I'll update this when I finish, but I'd really suggest this, it's a very engaging game."
,Recommended,394970,21890194,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,yolofm™,"This game is awesome.Pros:The soundtrackLevel EditorThe soundtrackStory is very good, kept me interestedThe soundtrackWeapons all feel different, and have very circumstantial usesThe soundtrackCons:Can't download the soundtrack"
,Recommended,394970,31634335,Posted: 8 May,all,Dodecahedron Pizza Time,It's like Gunpoint Miami.
76561198010896178,Recommended,394970,23333351,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,CowPhars,"Deadbolt is a game that both shows Hopoo\'s strengths and weaknesses as a developer.Strengths:-Amazing Soundtrack: Every track hits on a similar tone while still being fresh and dark enough to fit Deadbolt\'s world.-Gunplay: The gunplay is viceral and hits very hard. Each weapon is both balanced and strong enough to fit a variety of situations. The way enemies heads\' explode with a succesful headshot truly makes you feel like the Repear alongside the innacurate firing of the enmies that encourages trading fire when in a gunfight.-World: The world of Deadbolt is both dark and relaxing with a very clean and still detailed pixelated art style.-Its just awesome.Weaknesses:-Depth: Beyond unlocking all the weapons and beating the game once through on normal (and again on hard) there isnt much to the world of Deadbolt. It makes you wish for an in depth \""perks?\"" system that would allow us more Repear powers or the like. The same problem persisted with Risk of Rain with few fun relics and repetative gameplay even with different characters after the first few clears.-Story: The set up for the story is there and if you make an effort to collect all the tapes you can get a sense for a loose story within this universe. However with such a short main story arch there isnt much depth that can be acheived. I want to dive deeper into who the Repears are and why they do what they do. I came out with a multitude of questions and even after extensive collection I was still disappointed.-Replayability: It would be great if the level editor was more expansive or if the game had a new weekly challange or stage or... something! But once you finish your first playthrough \""Hard\"" mode is still much too similar.Verdict:-Buy this game, its 10 dollars and if it goes on sale then it really deserves a purchase.-Seeing this as Hopoo\'s second major game I would give this an 8.5/10, its everything I expected and not much more. Not that thats a bad thing, because I did expect a killer soundtrack, fun gameplay, and unique art style.-I hope that Hopoo continues to produce great games and eventually makes a game that really has an expansive, replayable universe! I will always support their projects because they keep providing the best."
,Recommended,394970,26705433,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Polaritydust,"this game.good stuff.let's break it down aight?soyou are at the core, the grim reaper.but.you can die.fast.really fast.one shot, any gun.ded.sounds hard?thats becaue it is,if you dont plan.so plan yo♥♥♥♥♥♥lot's of times you will stand there,to think.this is good.yes you can play it like hotline miami.you just cant play it well.so play slow and stealthy.turn off lights.ding dong ditching is feature.lits of stealth games have you crawl in vents.this won't.you float through them as smoke.which is ♥♥♥♥ing rad as all♥♥♥♥♥♥the enimies,they are not the same.they arn't the same♥♥♥♥♥♥with varing health and weapons.some are tall,short,fly,walk on the ♥♥♥♥ing ceiling,fly out of the ground,rush you,are dogs,with threee heads,have heads that are 12 feet away,are just heads,are greasers,plant bombs,thow bombs,are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,run a brothel,sell drugs,do drugs,and are soviet.becasue they arezombies,vampires,skelitons,demons,and dogs.there was one level I was not a fan of.and it was not too bad.there where a lot that made me frusterated.I loved all of them.every level was unique.the weapons.rad.there is a scythe,and ninja stars.and lot's of guns.the music.all I listen to in the car.it's on spotify.Chris Christodoulou.the story.very interesting.more of a lore story.not so much a story story.delivered in short poems.as well as diolauge,and colectible tapes.adjectives of choice.ChalangingFunInterestingGoryCreativeRadfair price for a good gameall and all short fun tons of replay.perfect kwanzaa gift for the holiday season.worth every cent."
,Recommended,394970,22130174,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Akio Mitsuko,"It's basicly Hotline Miami from a sideview but at a slower pace and with more stealth mechanics. Here's a quick rundown on my pros and cons of this game:+ great soundtrack (same composer as Risk of Rain soundtrack)+ very challenging and a hard mode for those who crave for more+ multiple approaches to every level (stealthy, guns blazing or a mix)+ very nice looking pixel art+ workshop support for player created levels (haven't tried these yet)- the base game itself doesn't take very long to beat, hard mode and player levels help a little on this issue- the final levels are much easier than some of the middle part of the game, causing a diffiulty spike- some of the bigger levels have no checkpoints, making a mistake towards the end very punishing"
,Recommended,394970,21840586,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Cynapse,"All the intense fast-paced action of Hotline Miami with slick visuals, awesome music, and a really unique theme. Kills feel amazing to pull off, especially when everything goes according to plan. My most recent all-melee kill fest was an absolute blast. 2.4 hours in at the time of the review, and less than 30% through the game, according to the indicator between missions. I am a huge fan of Risk of Rain, and Hopoo has outdone themselves again."
,Recommended,394970,21896670,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,a big dork,"This game is amazing.Once I worked past the sheer amazingness of the sinister level design, tight, responsive gunplay, and fantastic layout, I began to get immersed in how much depth the game has. From alerting enemies with purposeful gunfire, and then porting behind them, to knocking on the front-door and clobbering everyone inside with a hammer; this game has it all!And then, my completionist kicked in. I began to start going for 5 stars. What were once casual, shoot and hide levels began to transform into ""How quickly can I murder everything and escape"". Accuracy becomes key to getting that coveted fifth star, while dodging and replaying becomes second nature. Frustration gives way to satisfaction as you begin to trounce everything in your path with practiced ease.As of writing this, I've made it past the ""Zombie Kingz"" with all 5 stars, and am currently getting boned by (Minor Spoilers), the regenerating vamps. If you've played games such as Hotline Miami, Gunpoint, or other thrifty games with grueling difficulty, a high skill-ceiling, amazing replayability, and wonderful soundtracks, pick this ♥♥♥♥er up, you won't regret itWorth noting this game is from the makers of Risk of Rain, a fantastic 2d rogue-like~ (Maps are the same). It's worth noting that this game has a funkier, jazz-esque soundtrack compared to RoR's frighteningly moving soundtrack, but where RoR had emotion, Deadbolt's music, along with it's environmental shifting based on doors and positioning, serves to backdroup the carnage you lay upon the undead.10/10, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,394970,24570444,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,zombrii,Gunpoint with actual guns and that sweet hopoo™ aesthetic.
76561198076606547,Recommended,394970,34764106,Posted: 5 September,all,ParanoidPenguin,"This game is great but be warned, if you like acheivment hunting you will lose a part of yourself"
76561198082002672,Recommended,394970,28647975,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GreyWolf,"If you're a Hotline Miami fan, then you'll like this."
,Recommended,394970,21872623,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Champion Of Degroot,"Imagine Hotline Miami, but instead of the camera being above the action, it's beside it.In Deadbolt, you become a reaper tasked with preventing an undead uprising. You do so with a variety of guns and other weapons, coupled with your wits and reflexes.If you liked Hotline Miami and/or Gunpoint, you will love Deadbolt."
,Not Recommended,394970,22086464,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Grizzly,"Frustratingly tedious. That's really the main reason I have for not recommending this game. It's just frustratingly tedious.When I heard that there was a Gunpoint/Hotline Miami mashup, I thought that it would be perfect for me straight away. Turns out I was wrong.Deadbolt is exactly like I said above, essentially a side-scrolling Hotline Miami. It's a lot like Gunpoint too. 2D, side scrolling levels filled with all kinds of enemies that you can take out in different, creative ways. Sounds great. The gun fights are viscerally satisfying, as the game handles blood and dismemberment extremely well. I grabbed a high powered revolver near the beginning of the game and stuck with it throughout the game, blowing heads off and smearing blood all over walls in intense gunfights. The shooting mechanics are tight and responsive.The game itself is short. I can imagine one would blitz through the entire thing if the later levels weren't tedious grinds. The levels themselves aren't very consistent. Some are really well designed, but then others end up just being a flat layout of a few rooms in a grid formation.As for the actual story, it was interesting enough. You play as a reaper called Deadbolt as you investigate a gang called the ""Zombie Kingz"", and you find yourself wrapped in a city-wide operation between a load of other gangs.Now, onto the bad part.The frustrating tediousness of Deadbolt is entirely due to its lack of checkpoints. You see, in Hotline Miami, the system was perfect. Each level was split into multiple parts filled with enemies, and once you finished one part, you'd hit a checkpoint and you'd be done with that part of the level, which meant you wouldn't spend too long on the same level. In Deadbolt, however, you get the entire level all at once, with no checkpoints. You die in one shot and have to take on everyone else in the level without taking any damage at all.The tediousness comes from having to restart the level. In a game like this, you're meant to die many times and keep restarting and working out a routine. The routine is a small plan you form on how to take out each enemy in the most efficient way. You start the level thinking ""Knock on this door, shoot this guy at this time, then grab his gun and shoot this other guy, then close this door to avoid being shot and hide behind this cover at this exact moment to avoid another shot."" The routine works, so you keep doing it every time as you begin to learn each enemy's mindset and they become predictable.The problem is that Deadbolt will force you to keep killing the same enemies, again, and again, and again. Even if you've nailed it down the science, EVERY time you die, you'll have to kill them all again. Sure, it sounds simple enough, you just keep using the same routine and move onto the next group of enemies, but then you attack the next group of enemies, and they kill you instantly, and then suddenly you're back to the beginning again, killing the first group again.Eventually, killing the same group of enemies in the same way again and again gets boring, after which you start to lose interest, and just wish they'd be dead already so you could move onto the fresh content and stop playing through the same part you've already played. The earlier levels of Deadbolt are alright, as they aren't so densely populated, but as you go on, you can spend a half hour killing the same group of enemies over and over, just to finish ONE level.This tediousness pretty much killed the game for me, and left me wishing it would just end. I haven't even unlocked all the weapons, and I couldn't be bothered, because the last 4 hours I spent in this game were just mindnumbingly repetitive and boring.Also, I should add that controls are little bit inconsistent. To swap weapons, you've gotta scroll up for your primary, but down for your secondary. But then when you're using a staircase, you press W to go up and W to go down. Just confused me a little bit at first.For the smaller, earlier levels, this game really shines. Later on, it's just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ As much as I'd like to love Deadbolt, and as much as I'd love to put it in the same category as Superhot, Hotline Miami, Gunpoint and Mark of the Ninja, it just isn't fun to play.Oh, I should also add that the soundtrack is really ♥♥♥♥in' good. Like, really good. Whoever made that soundtrack deserves a raise."
,Recommended,394970,21937996,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,bobert awful (F+),"Sometimes you've enough video games to realize which games are wearing the influences of the ones the developers have played before on their sleeves. Path of Exile cribs its gameplay style from Diablo, the granddaddy of all action RPGs. Darksiders cribs its gameplay style from games like Zelda, God of War, and at one point it outright steals the gun from Portal. Deadbolt cribs elements from Hotline Miami (kill-them-all systematic clearing of every room in a given building), Gunpoint (one level is literally a level full of traps hooked up to light switches, and the pixellated art style is what Tom Francis, the developer of Gunpoint, would have gone with if he listened to nothing but bands from Metropolis Records), and Hitman (differing approaches to the same problem of killing all dudes, depending on how suave or murderous you want to be).The first thing I noticed about Deadbolt was that it doesn't have that many reviews, and that's weird, especially since the reviewers treated Risk of Rain with 8/10 praise. I thought Risk of Rain was pretty cool - a 'single-player MOBA-style RPG', I called it. It was damn fun, so why isn't the followup game getting much press? I don't have any idea why.The second thing I noticed is that Deadbolt is definitely Hopoo Games' sophomore slump. While the visual design and layout of the game is pretty distinctive, the mechanics are less so. There's all sorts of mechanical design flaws - for instance, if you need to turn off the lights and there's a gun in front of that switch, then God help you. Same goes for weapons you've dropped on top of each other. The way the game does AI, gunshots, detection means there's always an element of uncertainty to everything - sometimes a good plan falls apart due to whatever RNG forces inhabit the world of the dead. There was one particular level where I had only 60 seconds to complete an objective, and going back to change my guns didn't pause the game, and I didn't realize that up until I was about to complete the objective. Then the game said HAHA NOPE, NEXT TIME CHOOSE FASTER, SKULLBOY and made me do the mission over again.Did I mention there's barely any checkpoints in this game? So if you finish a level and reinforcements get called in, and you get shot to bits trying to sneak past said reinforcements to your car, you gotta DO THE WHOLE THING OVER AGAIN. This game can be extremely challenging, but sometimes it can just be an unreasonable prick when it comes to spotty little things.But Deadbolt itself kept reminding me of other games to a fault. A lot of the missions are in the Hotline Miami-style vein of killing them all, but it intentionally made me focus on single rooms rather than just whirling around in ice-cold violence just straight up murdering dudes. It's like Gunpoint, except the puzzles involve tricking the skeleton to come downstairs so you can pop him in the back of the head with your Derringer. It's like Hitman with its boss missions, except the puzzles aren't as well thought out (except for the one with all the traps, that's my favorite one). It mashes and tries all these combinations with these games I recognize but it doesn't really come into its own, I feel. You can't have Hotline Miami and Gunpoint, those two have completely different styles of play. Same with Hotline Miami and Hitman.Deadbolt doesn't really come into its own and that's kind of disappointing. I definitely would have enjoyed it a little more if the mechanics and storytelling were refined a bit more. It's still a solid tactical shooter and if you're into this sort of thing where you bang your head against a level until it clears, it won't steer you wrong for five hours."
,Recommended,394970,21888237,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[Zeu5]Uzi790,"DEADBOLT is a 2D action stealth game, where you help the undead reach the afterlifeQuick note: If you enjoyed hotline miami, get this. This review will focus on those who haven't played hotline.The gameplay of this game usually involves killing all the enemies in a level, possibly performing a task of some sort, then exiting the level to start the next. The gameplay involves maneuvering around the environment, and killing enemies with guns or melee weapons.You must do all this without being hit a single time, as you can only be hit once before dying and restarting the level. The combat itself is satisfying, each gun has little details that set them apart, as do all the melee weapons. Headshots are satisfying.There is a good mix of strategy and reaction based gameplay. The game lets you look around the level at the beginning, and take in all the details, such as enemy placements and weapon locations, Then you can build up a strategy from there, separate this enemy from the rest, kill him, take their weapon, turn off the lights so enemies can't see you as well, then lure them in the room and take them out one by one. Watching your plans pan out like this is satisfying, and watching the last enemy fall to the ground gives you a sense of accomplishment.But improvising and rushing right in is still very much a viable option, You will die much more, but you'll see yourself learning more and more what to do in what order, gradually inching towards success. Keep in mind these are two extremes, your actual gameplay will definitely involve a mix of both. Sometimes your plan goes wrong, and being able to get yourself out of a sticky situation fast is again, satisfying. Sometimes things won't go as you wish, and an enemy might suddenly jump in, and it's up to you to quickly deal with the situation.Levels in this game are varied, and each one is different in several ways (Except at the start of the game, which is understandable because you are still learning how to play). The game frequently makes use of special ""pipes"" which are ventilation systems/ water pipes within housing that you can use to rapidly move around a level, and it allows the player to tackle a level from many different points. some may opt to use the front door, others may go around back, go on the roof, or go right in the middle of a room and drop on an enemy. There is one level which almost entirely makes use of traps, and while it plays very differently to the rest of the game, it is definitely an interesting level, and is a welcome ""break"" to the regular gameplay. The levels are all set in quite varied locations, from regular housing, nightcluibs, drug labs, and car shops. and each level will look unique and interesting. Enemy placements is usually pretty fair, the game mostly lets you deal with tougher enemies comfortably one on one in the beginning, but later on makes it so that you need to start thinking about engagements. Like separating enemies so you can fight more easily, and conserving ammo so you can deal with stronger enemies.There is one level, however, which i feel was absolutely terrible, and has very little place in game. It involves a time limit, and has some unfair enemy placement. With 2 strong enemies, and engaging them causes several other enemies to aggro and come as well in a few seconds. and unfortunately, the only reason i could get through it was because i used a purchasable weapon, the scythe. A player may not be able to access this, due to spending their money on other weapons, so this level is pretty bad, hopefully the developer can tone that down.Speaking of enemies, there is a good variety. You get your basic grunts who use guns, or a melee weapon, and you get some with gimmicks. For example, there is a certain type of zombie, whose body and corpse are separated, and both are connected, meaning if you shoot the head, the body will also die. There are 4 different main ""races"" of enemies in this game, and each of them have their own type of weaponry, and gimmicks that set them apart(except for zombies, who are pretty standard).I won't delve too much into graphics, i think they look really fantastic, and their is a very high quality throughout the entire game. If you like what you see in the screenshots/trailer, you'll like it in the game.The plot of the game is pretty simple. You're the reaper, and you kill the undead for your job. However, the game does have some deeper stuff hidden away. If you know how Dark Souls' story/lore was, deadbolt is pretty similar. It mostly just gives you questions to think about (Like Risk of Rain, by the developer of this game). The plot is there if you're interested in it, and you can easily ignore it, so it's like an ""opt in""  system in that regard. That being said, it isn't executed very well, cause there are only a few characters in game that i want to know about ,but there isn't much to learn about them...The soundtrack of this game is fantastic, as is the sound design. I especially like the diagetic music. If your outside of the buildings, the music will be ""muffled"", but if you're inside, you'll hear it proper.This game would be pretty suitable for both casual and hardcore players. Playing it once will definitely get you your money's worth, especially if you buy this on sale. For hardcore players, there is hardmode which is unlocked by completing the game once, and some hard achievements, like Beating a new game entirely within 1 hour, or beating a new game without dying a single time. It took me around 16 hours to beat the game on both normal and hard.Hard mode, as i mentioned, allows you to replay the game making it more difficult. It alters enemy placements, so levels will usually  be much more complicated. During hard mode, the game forces you to play smart, so rushing in is no longer viable. Ammunition must be managed well, as due to the increased amount of enemies, you'll need more ammo to deal with situations. As well as forcing you to melee to conserve the ammunition. I think a little bit of dialogue is also changed in hard mode, but i haven't logged any of it, so hard to say how much has changed. Other than that, ""hard mode"" is indeed hard.There's also a level editor, so you can expect some more conent from the community. But this largely depends on the popularity of the game, so maybe you should contribute some stuff if you decide to buy.There are issues, however. Sometimes you'll have weapons drop right next to a door or vent, so you have to inch towards guns very slowly, accidentaly enter a vent, or open doors you weren't supposed to, when you were trying to pick up a gun. the game needs to refine in this case.I played through the game with a keyboard, so i cannot comment on using controllers yet. I also played a decent amount of hotline miami, hence me finishing the game fairly quick.Gameplay is good, both tactical and reaction based.Levels are all varied and interesting, only a few bad ones.Enemies are all different, and each of them have good gimmicks and designsGraphics are good imo, soundtracck is also greatGood for both casual and hardcore playersSometimes guns can drop in places that can screw up the controls.I will update this review as i play more, do more playthroughs, and see what i think then. I'll also give the level editor a shot and see if it's bad/good."
,Recommended,394970,22082034,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,[Cash.net] Mr. Payday,Has twerking female vampires 10/10
76561198046461767,Recommended,394970,25300832,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,mixyad3,> gunpoint meets hotline miami meets hitman (kinda)> Stupidly good soundtrack> killed a zombie on the toilet> hot vampire chicks> died a lot> did i mention the soundtrack?10/10
76561198170213717,Recommended,394970,23893870,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Xx_The_Router_xX,"I played the free version, put hours upon hours into the 5 or so levels, found out this game actually came out, didnt buy it cause i thought ""well why spend money if i technically got it for free"" and from the free version it looked like it had a full 12 or so levels planned, saw a review online showing how you can buy weapons, instantly bought the game, found out it really has:-Over 25 levels-Weapon purchasing, basically custom loadouts-Different types of undead-Great SoundtrackIve heard people say its like hotline miami and people who say its completeley different. Its gotta have something in common cause I love the♥♥♥♥♥♥ out of both of em <3."
,Recommended,394970,28668097,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kaizer0002,"Closer to Hotline Miami than Gunpoint. Beat it on normal, tried the first level of hard mode. Now, that's brutal."
,Recommended,394970,22018862,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Volkano,"Pros:Challenging, yet rewardingFun, well executed gameplayShooting requires skillVariety of weaponsGreat soundtrackCons:Cover system feels a bit wonkyVerdict4/5If you liked Hotline Miami, this is right up your hairy♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198072058025,Recommended,394970,32664660,Posted: 22 June,all,Homicidal Karrots,Pew Pew Blood everywhere. Multiple ways to go through levels. Guns feel great. The blood splatter is great. The game is great.
,Recommended,394970,24333756,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Rucka_Inc.,"Let me just say this: I am a HUGE fan of Risk of Rain. I kept checking up on Hopoo Games, just to see if there would be a Risk of Rain 2. I did this for a while and I eventually came to a conclusion that they were just a ""one and done"" gaming company. Not too long ago, out of curiosity, I decided to check on Hopoo Games again.""Deadbolt?"" I asked myself. ""This isn't Risk of Rain 2... Well, lets check it out.""I was NOT disappointed. This game is fantastic.You play as the Reaper. You work for a mysterious entity that speaks to you through the flames in your fireplace. Your job: kill the undead the flame wants killed. The theme is a dark one. I don't want to say much about the story, because it's rather interesting, very dark, and quite somber. Just know there is a heavy theme of death, sex, drugs, tragedy, and suicide.The gameplay is similar to Hotline Miami, in a sense. You observe your environment and use various weapons/tools to complete your job as quickly and efficently as possible. However, this is a stealth game. Unless you're very fast, lucky, and have a steady hand, you can't just go into a room and blast everyone away. Take your time, plot your path, and prepare to die a few times until you get it right. Knock on the door to confuse your enemy, jump into the vents nearby and flank your enemy, the options for each level are endless. This game isn't easy, but it isn't brutal.The music. Oh man, the MUSIC! Chris Christodoulou is a fantastic musician and every piece of music he creates for the games he's associated fit the theme and set a very atmospheric tone that many other musicians simply can't achieve. In fact, the music is one of the main reasons Risk of Rain is one of my favorite indie games of all time. Deadbolt is no exception. The music ranges from creepy and daunting to rythmic and exciting. Of course, the music fits the tone for each level. It's great. Just youtube it.There isn't much to say about graphics. It's pixel graphics, which is all the rage for indie games it seems. There are some nice details. Nice blood spatters coat the wall as you brain a zombie with your 10mm. The color palettes don't clash, so you won't get confused by what you see. It looks fine.What about some bad stuff?Unfortunately, the story mode is short. Very short. I felt a little underwhelmed when I finished the game, asking myself ""is that it?"" Luckily, there is a hard mode to unlock after you beat the game. I'm working on it now. It's tough.There were a few bugs as well. I've seen a few enemies fall through the map, making me need to restart the game.Overall, the game is really good. If you like a Hotline Miami-ish style game, amazing music, a dark and mysterious storyline, and a high difficulty cap, this game is for you."
,Recommended,394970,23621575,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,「Ｂ  ｕ  ｄ  ｄ  ｙ」,"10/10Pros:-Great soundtrack,-Challenging gameplay,-Nice story /lore and Characters.-Nice pixel artCons:- Can't pet Kitty Cat- Can't sit on chair if Kitty Cat is on it already            #just cat owner things"
,Recommended,394970,21839229,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Greenagon,you only need to buy the hammeralso this game has the best cat AI i have ever seen
76561198016050852,Recommended,394970,30535776,Posted: 15 March,all,Spartan Rebel,I kind of admit. This game is a good game but the levels are reallly hardThe sounds are reallly amazing andgraphics are a bit cool.
76561198022311003,Not Recommended,394970,26565914,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ZappBrannigan,"I want to recommend this game, but I'm having a hard time because I just feel like it is not that fun. It has some great stuff. I really like the retro graphics and the fantastic soundtrack. The murder spree gameplay is pretty fun too, especially the stealth aspect like shooting out lights. But honestly I found this game frustrating. Now, I don't mind the ""die in one hit"" gameplay in principle, but I feel like the execution here is lacking. Hotline Miami seemed more fun and less annoying than this game to me. For one thing, I feel like you are stuck with lousy weapons most of the time, and enemies don't drop many guns, even when they are carrying them. The level design is also iffy, requiring you to open doors or drop into a room and then not only be able to shoot extremely fast (much like Hotline Miami) but also land a headshot, which is very difficult and frankly verges on aggravating, because the enemies will kill you in one hit if your aim is off even by a hair. The reaper (your character) also moves very slowly and there is no run option. I feel like the developers were not sure if they wanted to create a twitch action game or a stealth game and ended up just mashing it together and it didn't turn out that well.So, all in all, it's not that bad. I think you might enjoy it, if you are okay with a game that is very difficult, partly because of real challenge and partly because of faulty design. I would give this a mixed rating personally, but I hope the devs keep making games because they clearly have talent and there is a lot of cool stuff in here."
76561198140442560,Recommended,394970,29128300,Posted: 8 January,all,IAmThePonch,"Imagine, for a second of Gunpoint and Hotline Miami had a baby, only Gunpoint was seeing Not a Hero on the Side and got a little of its structure thrown into the mix, then the baby came out with a gothic horror inspired skin. That's pretty much what you get with Deadbolt.You are a Reaper. Your job is to eliminate a recent undead uprising, and only a few levels in, you discover the undead are using a new drug called Ash, which makes them feel alive. You are given increasingly more challenging missions from The Flame- literally a fireplace that talks to you. You work your way through the ranks, from low level zombies to mid level vampires, to even more that I won't spoil.Even though you're a reaper, you're extremely vulnerable. Like, one hit from just about any weapon at all will kill you and send you back to the beginning of the level. This, and the gore are where the Hotline Miami genes come in. You can play recklessly thanks to the ease with which the game respawns you. The Gunpoint comes from the fact that you can be stealthy. Not only are shadows your best friends since they make it much more difficult for enemies to see you, but you can turn into smoke and travel through any given ventilation system. Each mission has a different objective, but generally speaking you'll be killing everything you can.This is, obviously, a very different game than Hopoo game's previous work, the stellar Risk of Rain, which is an absolute blast to play solo or co op. This game only shows that the developers know what they're doing and can design many different kinds of games- which, personally, has me excited for whatever their next project is. All the mechanics in the game are fine tuned so that when you screw up and die, it's almost always your fault (although the AI will sometimes behave unpredictably and that can lead to a death that feels cheap). The level design is absolutely top notch. The game looks great. It sounds great. It plays great.My only complaint with it is that the story is woefully under written. You're thrown into this situation with little in the way of exposition. I understand that being cryptic helps the atmosphere, but I would have liked to know a bit more of the lore behind the world. It's clear that it's there, it's just tough to piece out, which leads to an ending that feels a bit anti climactic from a story perspective.But that shouldn't hold you back from playing this terrific game. If you're a fan of Hotline Miami, Gunpoint, Not a Hero, or just gothic horror in general, this absolutely needs to be on your must play list."
,Recommended,394970,29811365,Posted: 9 February,all,Ccstewy9000,You can't sit in your chair if your cat is already in it 10/10 Most realistic game I have ever played
,Recommended,394970,24815094,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,katfro,"I've only played an hour and I can already tell you that this game is amazing. DEADBOLT is a mix of Gunpoint's beautiful map design and Hotline Miami's unforgiving gameplay and gore. This combination creates an extremely challenging strategy, stealth and shooter casserole that I would eat 3 meals a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. You play as ""The Reaper"" a ghostly figure who can transport through pipes and whose only purpose is to brutally murder bad guys and to upgrade his arsenal. It is highly rewarding and extremely challenging.The soundtrack is fantastic if you like slow electronic jazz and rock.This game is a diamond in the rough and I highly suggest you pick it up without watching any YouTube videos or even reading my full review, unless you're not sold by my initial description. P.S this is my first real review.GAMEPLAYWhen you finally clear that level that you have died time and time again on whether it's through a strategy that took 10 lives to refine or through knocking on doors, luring enemies into a bullet with their name on it, then lighting up the rest of the room, you get the most rewarding and triumphant feeling that very few games succeed to give to its players.MUSICThe music is a great slow jazz mixed with modern electronic beats and sounds. It gives such a stark contrast to your actions ingame yet at the same time, fits the aethstetic so perfectly. It is written by Chris Christodoulou. Here's the OST, which is great, even without the game.https://chrischristodoulou.bandcamp.com/album/deadboltVISUALSThe visuals are gorgeous. It is a dark and gloomy gloomy pixel art slum like city, crawling with zombie like goons that's only purpose is to keep their boss from being murdered by you or to keep getting that fix of a drug that makes them feel human again.STORYThere is little story to the point where you could ignore its existence but if you look closely, and collect the cassette tapes, you find grimly written, drug infused stories from the goons themselves. They give surreal descriptions of the baddies' experiences with the drug and with life as a zombie.Seriously, buy this game."
,Recommended,394970,34852632,Posted: 9 September,all,BigDogues,"Achivement hunters, welcome to hell."
,Recommended,394970,22622574,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dkota from the lights,"Have you ever been so mad at inner city thugs, the italian and russian mafia, and greasers that you slaughtered all of them, and went all the way to hell to slaughter them again as zombies, vampires, skeletons, and demons in the employ of a mystical fire entity and it's candelabra legions respectively?If you can relate to that experience, you'd be happy to hear that you get to listen to the best game OST of 2016 (so far) as well while doing so.Worth every penny, especially for that soundtrack."
,Recommended,394970,21841091,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Corporal Seagull,"Very fun game! Super challenging levels and gameplay elements. If you enjoyed Hotline Miami or Gunpoint, please pick up DEADBOLT."
,Recommended,394970,23916328,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,RPD_Hunter_482,"This game is so amazing and one of the best, fun, and very challenging games I've ever played. This game makes you think about your decision and makes you think like the Reaper. Also this killed all the boredom I ever had and this game has one of the greatest soundtracks I ever heard.Is this game Hotline Miami 3?"
,Recommended,394970,21847295,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,bruh,"Deadbolt is like Hotline Miami if it had a subtler approach to mass murder. The music is smooth and calming instead of rapid, the stealth is toned up so you really feel like you can sneak around, and you just feel more like an assassin and less like a deranged psychopath.I loved Hotline Miami, and I loved this too. It's not the same at all, but it is most definitely just as fun."
,Recommended,394970,22087793,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Protohm Dwellerguy,Anyone else remember the free prototype? It was pretty cool. This is even cooler.
,Recommended,394970,32702758,Posted: 23 June,all,Aquaterrius,"10/10 game. One of the best soundtracks I have ever heard in a game before. Fun game, hard as hell, and a good storyline."
,Recommended,394970,22102657,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Vladirien,"Nice game, feels like a mix between Hotline Miami and Gunpoint.Quite short but challenging with polished gameplay as well as an awesome soundtrack to keep you going!"
,Recommended,394970,21861896,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Joaney,"The normal difficulty took around 5 1/2 hours for me to complete.  Which was a good length for the amount of new enemies that rolled in.  Each level felt like it offered a new trick or enemy for you to learn.  Aside from the semi-frequent deaths relating to picking up something when you meant to close a door or enemy ai acting funky right next to the staircase you needed to go up it felt very fair. Definitely felt like I got my money's worth at full price.My only gripe aside from the occassional cheap death is that the long marathon levels dragged on for a bit too long.  I also would have liked to see more puzzle focused levels, the few we got felt great to play."
,Recommended,394970,24837931,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,System,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game, it's one of my favorites. I originally saw this on a Alchestbreach video and thought it was pretty cool, so I followed it's developement until it released, and when it did, oh boy. I had a very interesting story and stratigical game, it was like a hotline miami but a sidescroller and it was great. The visibility added a nice touch that made it feel a bit more realistic. This game is an indie masterpiece and I HIGHLY recommend it, it's a bit challenging but once you pass a level the feeling you get from overcoming the challenge is great.MINOR SPOILERS!!!I loved the cat, it was nice to have a friend with you in all of this.MAJOR SPOILERS!!!The final battle is ♥♥♥♥ing epic against Ibzan"
76561198059966256,Recommended,394970,24436103,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,doorclam,This game is straight up amazing. Nuff said.Heres why you should buy this game:Its soundtrack is godlikeIts gameplay is tightThe look and feel of this game are perfectly matchedThe pure sense of ecstasy of finishing a late game (harder) level without dieing horribly onceHella replay factor w/ workshopBlowing up vamps on the toiletCatIts just one of those games that instantly gets into my top ten listAlso the ending totally didnt make me tear up because the game was overI was ♥♥♥♥in bawlingSo yeah 10/10 buy this game or get ready for the reaper to be knockin on your door
,Recommended,394970,26483579,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,turkey,"DEADBOLTis a stealth-action, 2D, third-person shooter that invigorates the player through fast-paced, deadly firefights, near-missing bullets, strategy, guile, and Super Meatboy-esque trial and error. The gameplay is just addicting. Definitely worth your money.BENEFITSDEADBOLT is a very solid game, having the simple gameplay mechanics ofkill him before he kills you, with the exception of putting you in a room of 10-15 enemies. Expect to die multiple times in one level, as the degree of difficulty can range fromincredibly easytoincredibly insane. That's what makes it so attractive. The feeling of victory after accomplishing a level that you've poured nearly 30 minutes into is next to gold. The controls themselves are also very simple, with the usual, ""WASD to move,"" ""SPACE to jump,"" and ""MOUSE to shoot/aim."" The gameplay is product of easily-to-learn mechanics, allowing the player to spend more time playing the game rather than trying to figure it out.DRAWBACKSThe major flaw holding this game back is the level design. As you progress through the game, you are given the same features every level: doors to shoot through, vents to hide in, weapons to pickup, and guys to kill. This blandness caused me to quit out several times, as the repetitivitity (combined with the difficulty) was just too much to bear. Granted, I did come back, but I feel as if they developers included broader, longer levels, then DEADBOLT would be a lot better.In conclusion, DEADBOLT is still a very cool, fun way to satisfy your gaming itch for the day."
,Recommended,394970,25457048,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ENS,"Deadbolt is a great addictive stealh-action shooter.The quick reset feeds into it's addictive nature of ""just one more go"" next thing you know it, its 2am and youve played the same level 400 times.The sound track is amazing, its on spotify for anyone thats interested. I cant wait to see what else comes out of this team.GG play!"
76561198057121476,Recommended,394970,24986009,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,BasedChris,"DEADBOLT was a challenging yet rewarding experience that I won't soon forget. The standard missions are simple and offer multiple approaches with different weapons. Each weapon has its proper uses, and once the player has multiple weapons available to them, they will learn where and when to use which one. The new game mechanics introduced throughout the game make sense and make combat interesting. Each enemy type requires a different tactic, but I wish there were more places where enemy types were mixed to force the player to make decisions on-the-fly. The main mechanics such as cover and knocking on doors are incredibly useful throughout the entire game, but it is up to the player to decide if and when they want to use them, as they are not required anywhere. The setpiece missions were awesome and I would have loved to see more of them throughout. They felt very well thought out and seem to make the combat take a back seat to the stellar level design. Overall, I loved my time with DEADBOLT, and my only problem was its short length."
,Recommended,394970,24843114,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,viv,I killed a zombie with a toilet.
,Recommended,394970,26992994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Meowker the Pony,Awesome Hotline Miami-esque stealth game
,Recommended,394970,23298109,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,pigofwar2192,If you like murder then this is the game to rage and murder everything on the screen while trying to hide this from your mom so she won't see how bloody it is.
,Recommended,394970,21849208,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,AveragePixel,Great to see the geniuses behind Risk of Rain back at it with another amazing game. Good tactical fun that is slightly reminiscent of Hotline Miami due to the whole one hit death thing. Much approved
,Recommended,394970,23831613,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Reldio,"+Original, stealth-action hybrid gameplay+Unique concept executed well+Strong aesthetic with attention to detail and variety+Great lighting+Excellent sound design and music+Difficulty curves up all through the game without ever feeling unfair+User levels + Workshop support-Not very long considering the price-Story serves it's purpose but isn't anything new"
76561198069294186,Recommended,394970,32720168,Posted: 24 June,all,Dirty Mike's Soup Kitchen,"One of my new favorite games.  Took me about 5 hours to get through the story and I could not put it down.  Once it was all done, a message popped up saying I unlocked hard mode which means many more hours will spent playing this game.  Lighting is fantastic and plays a large role in the gameplay.  I would highly recomend this game to anyone that can appreciate what good craftsmanship looks like."
,Recommended,394970,29985128,Posted: 17 February,all,aidanrooney95,Gives me a similar type of difficult satisfaction that Hotline Miami gave me.
,Recommended,394970,22069400,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Vencja,"This game made me feel a lot of feelings in a relatively short amount of time.There are 3 acts/chapters in this game and my opinion on DEADBOLT changed as I progressed through them.The first one, Zombie Kings, left me thinking I'm playing a neat little puzzle-ish game that requires good reflexes and quick thinking, all made in the standard Hopoo style.The second chapter was called 1000 Year Royals androyally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I hate those goddamn vampires there are too many of them and they run real fast and they dance in a dumb way AGHGHGHH. Fun fact: I had the most trouble with that one.The last one. The end of the game. The Dredged. Without spoiling too much it was so incredibly FUN. Seemed pretty normal at first and then Timur the Tinkerer happened. And then Vall happened. And then the very last level with the absolutely PERFECT ending. I fell in love.I recommend this game wholeheartedly if you want to be a grim reaper that chills in an armchair all day and kills undead all night.And one more thing -GOOD LUCKREAPER"
,Recommended,394970,21878876,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Steep,"Lots of potential here.Nailed ItSettingThe setting and characters are so damn cool. Being a hitman in the underworld is coolio, and the pixel art style really adds to the charm. It could have been fleshed out some, maybe have other friendlies you could meet and chat with besides your weapons dealer and your boss. So it's style over substance here, but for a quick little action game I'd err on the side of style too.MusicThe music is pretty damn good. Most of it is some play on the same theme, but it's a damn good theme that fits the game's setting perfectly. I listened to the album on bandcamp and some of the songs are still stuck in my head.Slightly AmissGameplaySo it basically boils down to alerting as few enemies as possible, and flitting around the vents to pick off stragglers before you set off any large alert chains. That's pretty satisfying overall but there are a few nagging issues.1. E does it allThe E key is used to swap weapons, enter vents, take cover, open doors, and interact with other environment bits like light switches. This basically means that if any of those things overlap physically (and they will) the wrong thing is likely to happen. This is especially frustrating when you're on the run- picking up a weapon instead of closing a door or entering a vent killed me many, many times. Having to inch up to highlight the right item also breaks up the game flow even if you're not in danger.2.Cover is wonkyThe cover system is just not what it needs to be in an action game like this. The side you hide behind is decided by what half of the thing you're on, so if you misjudge you'll be taking cover with your back towards the enemy. The cover objects are drawn at an angle so it's an easy mistake to make sometimes.3.Enemy AIAt best the AI is expoitable, and at worst it's erratic. If you sound the alert and disappear down the stairs, the enemies will file down one by one for you to kill at your leisure. This isn't super satisfying but since it's sometimes difficult to lumber to some cover in time, the game kind of forces your hand. Other times if you alert a pack of enemies and they lose sight of you, they'll walk back and forth endlessly in one spot. This behavior makes it impossible to re-engage in any stylish way, you simply have to come back with enough bullets to gun the crowd down.Missed PotentialThis one is kind of nit picky, and for $9.99 it's a non-issue. The game has the feel of a Hotline Miami mixed with Gunpoint. The Gunpoint bits it got right, flitting around the vents and taking out single targets without being seen feels good and works well. Once you have to alert more than a few enemies the Hotline Miami bits *should* kick in, where you stylishly slaughter the group with skill rather than tact. But that's when the clunky controls really show themselves, and the lack of combat options becomes apparent. There's no movement ability to get you to cover faster. There's nothing to do with an empty gun but look for something else to replace it. Once a group is alerted there's no real option to outplay the AI, you just have to have the bullet count to take them all out.Not to mention you're the REAPER. You should be gaining abilities over the course of the game, like death stares or turning into invulnerable smoke temporarily or possessing enemies or wall-phasing or whatever else sounds cool. You're not a human in this game but they take advantage of it with vent travel *only*. If not through magic abilities, you should be getting new toys to deal with enemies as the game goes on. Remote explosives you can put on doors, noisemakers that could attract enemies, sleeping darts, what have you. There's enough to cover the game for it's length, but I have no desire to play it again because all that's left to unlock is other guns.Pretty GudSo yeah it could be better, but the game oozes style and I had a good time. Maybe the next one will iron out the control kinks, flesh out the gameplay and the setting and become a real cult classic."
,Recommended,394970,33575632,Posted: 15 July,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"If any single track could describe the rhythm gameplay through sound, Blood on the Dancefloor is the beat of DEADBOLT, a stealth-action hitman game in the style of Hotline Miami. An experience that prefers to dwell in the shadows, contemplating the next ambush, slowly rising out of the stillness of a gasp before the matter becomes a chaotic scramble with only the dead-beating pulse of the Reaper left alone in silence. Then hitting the elevator button with a smoke-break to take off the nerves before continuing the job.This is the soul of DEADBOLT that makes the distress of failure and improvising solutions in advance a fleeting concern from another contract that you don’t know why you accepted it other than the habit at showing up to parties when everyone is dead.Hotline Underworld: 00-DEATHAlthough the two experiences are very similar, DEADBOLT and HM cater to different tastes. Whereas the HM series imitate snuff films, the psychedelic disillusion of reality, and of entertainment that glorifies its violence as much as examines its lasting effects, DEADBOLT offers a film noir underworld ruled by a crime syndicate within its purgatory of the undead with an even greater lack of purpose behind the Reaper’s motives. It is from the presentations as well as in the core gameplay that show DEADBOLT is perhaps the more “Hitman” approach, rewarding usage of opportunities and inventiveness rather than twitchiness of HM.As a game and as a story, DEADBOLT chooses its style and simplicity over being convoluted, choosing to revel in the methodology of a hit-and-run. This is indicative through the small gameplay refinements from the delays between raising their weapons between the alert phases; from the player’s own delay in aiming their weapon; from the versatility of tools, environmental distractions and alternative routes within each level; and the missions never being as simple as they initially appear when the situation is compromised. It is also apparent through the narrative that focuses on Death as a contract-killer sent to disenfranchise the infrastructure of zombie gangs upon vampire mafias upon skeleton mercenaries seeking to dominate the land of the living. Neither the gameplay nor the story become any more complicated than the deceptively puzzle-like contracts.Instead of adding more elements to the gameplay or adding more depth to motives and backstory, the storyline prefers to use poetic fragments of details from your victims in an already undead world. The city is referred to as the Place, the main character as The Reaper and the Reaper’s contractor as the Fire, Details of the plot remain vague with little to no dialogue to the point where the game feels like the style was done for the sake of its art rather than for a purpose. As a result, the game’s greatest value is its consistent pace of challenge and variety, something missing from the HM games that shifted its focus from allowing various playstyles into reflex challenges and where DEADBOLT rewards the more perceptive players who know their enemies and tools greater than themselves.Clubbing At the Monster MashAlthough what I truly love about DEADBOLT that sets it apart from other stealth-action hybrid games is the enemies can be more creative as a result of having supernatural enemies. One type of zombies can use their severed heads as a spotter while their body is detached; some vampires can have phylacteries that prevent them from truly dying the first time; one type of skeleton is able to cast magic that can make them vanish as well as revive fallen allies. Even the variants for these categories differentiate their weaponry and toughness, which offers a surprising amount of variety to a game that couldn’t be possible in more grounded worlds.The structure of the game, as previously mentioned, is a three-act progression of hits on three levels of corruption within the Place: The Zombies, The Vampires and the Skeletons. Only the first Act is limited in using one category of enemies, which never feels tiring because the threats are diverse. The other two acts begin with introducing new enemies before combining them with the previous variety to not only benefit the overall challenge of the game but also the narrative of disrupting the power-play from the bottom-up. Rewards come in the form of ratings on the success of the job, which earns you more souls only earned by completing achievements to unlock more tools for the Reaper, and the additional content provided by the level-editor as well as the hard mode that reworks the original twenty-seven levels truly explores the limits of its appeal.Perhaps the one example of a level that never seizes its idea for future levels on being inventive is The Tinkerer. Instead of another target amongst a crowd of other hostiles, The Tinkerer is a challenge of navigating the death-traps to eliminate the security personnel of a crazed technician trapped within his home knowing the Reaper is coming for him. The ending is simple irony of triggering the technician’s own defenses against him without the satisfaction of taking the Reaper. It’s this kind of playfulness with the level-design and environment that shines the player-freedom of its greater levels that the game never seems to capitalize on as much as the Hitman games.One Button to Doom Them AllIf Volume was only guilty of creating a simplified Metal Gear game that would benefit from adding more player-agency to its mechanics, then DEADBOLT is guilty of not creating more of these Hitman level deigns of poetic irony and playfulness within environments to enhance the core gameplay. The spirit captures the essence of HITMAN but not the replayability and mastery from playing with its mechanics. It’s perhaps easier to design for this goal in mind with a 3D environment rather than a 2D design; however, there are many mechanics like the ventilation systems, sound positioning, and distractions that are more tied to individual levels for one opportunity than across all of them.One notable oversight in the game’s controls is the interact button. It is responsible for picking-up weapons, interacting with distractions, turning off/on lights, opening and closing doors, crouching, entering and leaving vents—it simply is doing too much for one button. This wouldn’t be as bad as it’s implemented where the mouse does not affect the context of that action, rather it’s the proximity with the player. This one button could literally be the death of you simply because your character picked-up a hammer when you meant to hide behind a couch. It’s strange that the game doesn’t map the cover-button to R as reloading weapons is not a mechanic whereas the game does set knocking to a separate button exclusively for knocking on doors. It makes no sense why the control-scheme was designed the way it is.More importantly, however, the limitation of one interactable button prevents the game from capitalizing on using it more often for traps, distractions and escapes more often in levels because the levels designed here mostly account for this problem. Had the developers tweaked the control-scheme, the open-nature of its game would have most likely pushed the game to the next level in earning its caliber as an unofficial Hitman experience.Reap What You Have SownWhile shy of a new standard for stealth-action games, DEADBOLT manages to communicate the hunter and the hunted tension behind its exuberant style and refined simplicity of its gameplay. In the Place where only one soul can feel the fleeting fires of the Flame, the quiet mutterings of reflection simmer into nothing.“Thus the living, lone and sobbing, In the throes of anguish throbbing, With the loathsome Furies robbing, Night and noon of peace and rest. But beyond the groans and grating Of abhorrent Life, is waiting, Sweet Oblivion, culminating All the years of fruitless quest.”—H.P. Lovecraft, “Despair.”"
,Recommended,394970,24984766,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hismooth,"Deadbolt was an interesting game reminiscent of Risk of Raint in terms of visual and audial appearance, and reminded me of gunpoint in it's gameplay. The overall premise s that you play as a ""reaper"" and are given missions from a misterious source through a fireplace. The gameplay itself mainly comes down to conserving ammo, going for headshots, and trying to plan out how you take a level. This game could be considered strategy in the fact that you have to plan out your route but it mostly comes to bashing your head against the wall until you find the path of least resistance. Watching friends play the game, however, shows that there are multiple ways to play through levels, and that different weapons hold different advantages in terms of gameplay.There were not very many glaring issues I had with the game, besides the fact that weapons may sometimes block vents and doors and in stressful situations I found myself sometimes having vents being blocked by pistols, and instead of making a hasty getaway using the game's vent mechanich, I accidentally change weapons with a rogue weapon lying on the ground. The only other major flaw were landmines. I thought that they were very cool the first time that I found them, and the first time you encounter them you get to weild one in order to learn how they work. Sadly, this was one of the only two times you actually  get to weild a mine for yourself, and then you get introduced to technicians, the enemies that plant and use landmines against you. Landmines can only be avoided by going through vents or blowing them up remotely with a gun or a thrown weapon. This means that if you find a lindmine in your path with no way around it, and you don't have a weapon, you have no choice but to die. This fault in landmines is also accenutaited by the fact that enemies do not trigger landmines, and if an enemy body falls on top of the landmine, there is no way to remotely trigger it except to destroy the body, which uses a ridiculous amount of ammo, a very limited resource in this game.Overall I found beating levels gratifying and had a good time playing the game, and would reccommend to fans of games like Gunpoint."
76561198212341699,Recommended,394970,30331980,Posted: 5 March,all,POOLSHARK,"Super addictive, fast yet strategic gameplay. Guns blazing mixed with ""last bullet in the magazine"" levels"
,Recommended,394970,29684498,Posted: 3 February,all,Kura,"I like Hotline Miami, Gunpoint, and Not A HeroWell this game? All of them packed into one amazing game.Hopoo Games, the devs of Risk of Rain keeps on delivering. Soundtracks and pixel arts are amazing.Steam Workshop Integration so you can play custom maps by other players.The fun part is when you successfully murder tons of monsters in a building. It's very satisfying.Like the description of the game,  you can be a silent assassin or a loud one man army. I chose the latter, but sometimes i try to be sneaky.10/10"
,Recommended,394970,34321641,Posted: 17 August,all,Coker McCokerton,"Fantastic game.  It is very satisfying to play and challenging.  The whole audio experience of the game is very well done and coupled with the art makes an excellent atomosphere to play in.  You are the Reaper making sure the undead scourge is thwarted, and what I love about the game is you really feel like a hitman taking the Undead down a peg.  It's easy for a game to throw a theme on top of a shooter and hopes it sticks, which in many cases unfortunately is tried and then fails, but in Deadbolt you don't feel like this game is just mindless Killing of things, and really do feel a progression to the gameplay and the story that keeps you engaged and interested.  At $9.99 I think that is a fair price, but if this goes a sale for $5 dollars or less it is an absolute steal.  So do yourself a favor and get this game and enjoy the experience.  I know I have!"
76561198080236688,Recommended,394970,29763667,Posted: 7 February,all,Wholesomeguy123,"An absolutely beautiful game in every possible aspect.First off is the soundtrack... the music in this game isso greatthat after playing it, I downloaded the entire album off of spotify. These instrumentals add such a deeper level of immersion, atmosphere, and meaning to this game. (Plus it's pretty cool how when you are outside a building it becomes muffled.The story is fantastic, and really makes you contemplate its meaning at the end. the casettes make character motivations so SO much richerIbzan's tapeThe gameplay is quite smooth and requires a great amount of player skill and conditioning... though I do wish that you could jump,but no game is perfect/i]In conclusion, 9/10 Would try deathless again"
76561198049420272,Recommended,394970,23877061,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nottetris,Extremely under-rated. This is Hotline Miami levels of goodness.
76561198093144273,Recommended,394970,23429983,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,danz69,"Reaper + Hotline Miami + Scythe + Zombies + Other things + Active dev (Who is really helpful with a few certain achievements) = great game. Play it if you like Hotline Miami, or like a game where you don't have to be skillful, or if you like a game where you can be skillful! Apart from one certain thing makes it 8.5/10 instead of 11/10. You can't do anything with the cat. :("
,Recommended,394970,28268512,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,B0BI caserandom.com,DeadBolt is a 2D scroller stealth action hybrid that i like to refer as ''Hotline miami 3'' and it deserves that title.Its a pretty hard game but funa dn enjoyable hard.It has enough weapon variety to keep the game fresh and the soundtrack is awesome.The is plenty od variety of enemies but a shotguin blast point blank in the head does the job on all of them.I give this game 8/10 ''not quite perfect but still imensly enjoyable''
,Recommended,394970,22847596,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,HeavyStorm,I loved Gunpoint. I loved Hotline Miami.I had to love DEADBOLT.
,Recommended,394970,22284650,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,✯gallipol✯,"Gameplay is fluentArt style is pleasingSoundtrack is gorgeousStory is somewhat intriguingJust buy it already, I can at least say that I didn't regret it."
76561198068193713,Recommended,394970,24064958,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gira,"VERDICT FOR TL;DR PEOPLEDeadbolt is a great game and I think you should buy it, but its a bit short unless you're achievement hunting or doing new game plus. If you arent interested in those, buy it on sale and you won't regret it. 10/10 would reap again.REVIEWDeadbolt is a great mix between the fast paced action of Hotline Miami and the puzzle aspects of Gunpoint, which is why I think it'll be more efficient for me to compare this game with those 2 (which are both great, by the way) so you have a better idea of what you're getting into when you buy this game.Deadbolt is a 2D action stealth hybrid where you play as the Reaper himself.The gameplay of this game is a unique blend between Gunpoint and Hotline Miami. First off, the death system. Just like in Gunpoint and Hotline Miami, one hit kills you instantly. And just like in Hotline Miami, getting killed means resetting to the beginning of the level. No checkpoints for the most part. Some levels later in the game have checkpoints (think of them like going to another floor in Hotline Miami. You didnt beat a level, just a portion of it). The game also expects you to not only die, but to improve upon previous plans because of it. Maybe you died because you didnt see someone in another room, or because you missed a shot. Contrary to your own frustrating deaths however, killing enemies feels GREAT. The gib system guarantees that almost every death feels satisfying,  and nicely complements all the weapons at your disposal. Much like in Gunpoint and Hotline Miami, each level does not have one right answer, and this is largely dependent on 2 things:1. How you, the player, like to play.2. What tools are given to you.There are a TON of weapons available for your disposal. Blunderbuss? Check. Hammer? Check. A cool♥♥♥♥♥scythe? You ♥♥♥♥in bet kiddo. The only problem with this is that usually, the weapons you like are gonna be the weapons you bring to the mission. And if you prefer using guns, then be prepared to run out of ammo for them if you aren't good at landing headshots. Ammo is almost never replenishable for you, thanks to the fact that the only ammo you're getting is from guns that are the same as yours. However, the game turns this from being an annoyance into being a way to challenge the players. Okay, you used up almost all of your ammo. Do you focus on enemies that are closing in. Or do you try to sneak around and kill someone who has a gun? And part of the fun in this game is the sudden improvisation, where you completely missed an enemy and have an ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moment, just trying to shoot someone but accidentally punching them till either you or they die.And speaking of sneaking around, I think that I should mention the ventilation in this game. As in, the vent mechanic. The reaper has a special lighter that allows him to travel through vents, which can make for a great way to escape a fight in which you would most probably die or a way to reposition yourself to take opponents by surprise. This mechanic gives me Gunpoint vibes, because its where the stealth and puzzle mechanics creep in. It makes engaging with the enemy more of a puzzle than a fight, as the enemy also dies quite quickly. Usually. But due to the fragility (is that a word?) of enemies, getting the first hit can help immensely.The music of this game is done by Chris Christodoulou, who also worked on the Risk of Rain OST. And boy, is he back with a ♥♥♥♥ ton of new songs. Each song of his fits a special occasion. For example, listen to ""Now I am become Death"" (yes, that is a song title). Listen to how calm that is. Now listen to ""Blood on the Dancefloor"". See the difference in the mood? See how each song is distinct from all the others?Also you have a cat thats pretty cool10/10 would reap again"
76561198070265489,Recommended,394970,25646226,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pablo,"DEADBOLT is a 2D shooter/puzzle game that is beaten through a hell of a lot of trial and error. The controls handle extremely well, and the ability to bind keys is a blessing. I could go on but I'll just make a list:PROS:-Great game mechanics-New mechanics encorporated enough to make the game feel fresh- Interesting plot and characters- Runs well, even on terrible machines- Great soundtrack- Handles well- The plot is put behind the game, so if you want to learn more you have to collect casette tapes or pay attention- Ability to travel between vents and pipes is very interesting- Hard Mode is extremely difficult- Different enemy types are interestingCONS:- Not enough weapons to purchase- When purchasing weapons, no stats are provided, other than the ammount of bullets in the gun- Delay from entering and exiting pipes/vents can be frustrating- Enemies can hide behind furniture (you can too and its not necessarily a bad thing) and you don't notice them until     they shoot you in the backAll in all this is pretty good game and for only $10 it's worth it."
,Recommended,394970,29923823,Posted: 14 February,all,☭Nick Wilde's Slave☭,"Pros: Fun game. I can see the comparison to Hotline Miami.Medium: It's very twitchy, so if you don't have good reaction speed then you probably don't wanna pick this up.Cons: The later levels delve into unfairness. They're possible, but feel like filler."
76561198024689730,Recommended,394970,34368234,Posted: 20 August,all,Laike Endaril,"A solid stealth game with a focus on assassination.Somewhat comparable to Mark of the Ninja and Gunpoint, both of which I highly recommend if you like stealth platformers.  Aragami is also worth looking at (3D stealth)."
,Recommended,394970,28656792,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,(((Bloomberg))),"A thoroughly fantastic game.It isn't a particularly long game, I finished it in slightly under 5 hours but it was a great 5 hours. If you're looking for a short fun game I would recommend this.It's similar to hotline miamia in that the mission objective is typically to enter an apartment and kill everything but the game play is entirely different. Although I said that, very similarly to hotline miama you die very fast, in fact in deadbolt any direct damage from anything will kill you(some bullets to go through doors won't kill you) and the same doesn't apply to enemies, which means you have to get the drop on them and be the first to shoot and hit(depending on the enemy type you may have to get multi headshots).  On top of that the only ability you have over enemies is to turn into mist to enter pipes or vents which means most of the game is designed like a puzzle where you have to use whatever weapons are around to figure out how to kill everyone as quickly as possible with the least amount of danger. The gameplay is very rewarding, due to it being very challenging, but it is fair and every time I died bar three times(Due to explosion radius being bigger than I thought or gun was over a vent) I knew it was 100% my fault.The game is linear in that there are set missions you play in order but how you beat each mission could vary greatly depending on the player and the weapons you have purchased for souls from the candles, while not always true(there are some missions like the trapped appartment or the sniper level which always end the same way but they play differently to the rest of the game) there are often multiple different ways to beat each level and each level is very well designed.This has been one of my favorite games in years and although it is short I think if it kept going on it would have become fairly repetitive, and I'd rather have 5 hours of quality gameplay than 50 of monotonous gameplay, on top of that for Completionist that want to get 5 stars on every level or get all the acheivments the game may take a while. It's 100% worth buying as is, but if you don't want to pay $10 for ~5 hours then put it on your wishlist and buy it on sale for 5-7.The music is pretty great and it's also not bad on the eyes, while it isn't graphically impressive aesthetically it's quite nice and has quite a few cool touches, like in some levels the music becomes louder indoors or in the light. I also encountered 0 bugs or glitches, and never had technical problems.I don't like numeric ratings myself but the only two flaws I can think of is the button for picking up weapons, opening doors and going into pipes or vents is the same, so if a weapon is where a vent is you might accidently pick up the weapon instead of going into the vent and get shot because of it and the engineers mine explosion radius is somewhat unclear, so I died twice thinking I wouldn't be in the explosion radius. These were the only flaws I could think of at all, so I'd give it a 10/10 or a 98/100."
,Recommended,394970,34398337,Posted: 21 August,all,Aditia,I love this game.Steam doesn't show my hours because I played most of my time without internet on a vacation.It's probably my favorite game of all time.Get it now
,Recommended,394970,25515896,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[RGX]Tarshadow5,"This is now one of my top favorite games of all time. I highly recemend it.It's fun and it makes you feel like a bad ♥♥♥, and it's challenging but beatable.You must get this game. It's worth the cash."
,Recommended,394970,29322803,Posted: 17 January,all,Cdubs,"F-ing love this game. Open a door, blow 3 zombie's and 2 vampire's heads off, throwing knife a vampire mid air. 10/10 would open door again."
,Recommended,394970,21860377,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Loathe,"Hey, ever wanted Gunpoint and Hotline Miami at the same time?You've come to the right place."
,Recommended,394970,21970820,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Meme Kaiser,It's amazing. That's all.
,Recommended,394970,22194095,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lexxx20,"DEADBOLT is a beautiful child of two indie gems: Gunpoint and Hotline Miami. It got its side-scrolling view and some stealth mechanics from the first one and skull-crushing, brains blowing, blood spraying dynamic gameplay from the second one. What’s original is the setting imbued with dark humor, noir atmosphere and undead stylishness. Amazing soundtrack serves as a topping and all this makes DEADBOLT a game I wouldn’t recommend to miss.Prepare to die a lot because perfect execution of all the deadly maneuveres recuires accuracy, good reflexes, patience and lots of practice. Oh, and our hero in this game – the Reaper – dies from a single bullet or a hit. You’ve killed every enemy but left a single guard dog in a furthest room of the map? Be prepared that it can maul you to death before you manage to kill the beast.Immense arsenal of melee weapons and firearms and a couple of tricks in your sleeve like teleportation through the vents present you the variety of ways to kill stuff. It’s totally viable to complete certain missions with a single hammer or pair of pistols but will require some profficiency. Don’t expect to beat every single level on your first try! You’ll often need time to carefully plan your actions prior to executiong a massacre on the heads of chilling zombies and dancing vampires. Yeah, you’ve heard that right – setting of this game is strange as hell but pretty interesting and original, especially if you spend some time studying the hidden casettes, looted from enemies.It might seem too short but is being sold with a level editor which supposed to fix that complain. I myself beat the game in 10 hours and its length seemed just perfect to me – it doesn’t feel short and haven’t started to tire you like some puzzle-killing games do.Totally worth every cent I’ve spent on it. I recommed to give it a try if you like puzzle-killing games like Hotline Miami or SUPERHOT and also if you enjoyed the previois game from this studio – Risk of Rain.Now go and kill some stuff, Reaper!"
,Recommended,394970,21862256,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Willy Trombone,"Never thought I'd be able to add another game to my ""Games that let you blow someone up from the inside while they take a crap"" collection.8/10"
76561198180011062,Recommended,394970,22902751,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Qin Metit,9/10Needs an option to pet the cat
76561197989651618,Recommended,394970,25471379,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SirNoggin,"Bought it, played it all the way through. Fantastic game. Worth every penny. Buy it. Looks exactly as fun as it makes out to be. Awesome music as well."
,Recommended,394970,23834772,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HooHoomanlol,its a simple but fun and challenging game that makes you feel cool. I replayed levels many times yet they never got boring. also has a slight story but not too story rich. Just a fun and simple game. 99/100
76561198082265829,Recommended,394970,25259236,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,GameNinja,"Just beat it yesterday, and it is now one of my top favorite games of all time. I highly recemend it.It's fun and it makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ and it's challenging but beatable.You must get this game. It's worth the cash."
,Recommended,394970,23884761,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,InitialVox,"The music, art style, and vibe of the game all work together perfectly, as it was in RoR.  The music creator even uploaded the entire soundtrack on his channel and compiled it into a playlist. Plus the game comes with a level editor which works with the Steam workshop.The only real issue with the game is the currency system were you can beat the game and not be able to get more souls, so you cannot unlock all of the weapons due to not getting more of this currency."
,Recommended,394970,25724811,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Cyparis,"""I thought I saw you."""
,Recommended,394970,28893674,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,stebby stebby,"Its a pretty good game but why is the achievements so hard??Get 5 ratings in all missions.Beat the game without dying.Beat the game within 1 hour without quiting.Like, What The Hell?!"
76561198278502068,Recommended,394970,21843143,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,blightsteel101,I absolutely love this game. There's a fun bit of strategy and planning before the actual execution. I personally love seeing if I can beat my time on previous levels.
76561198055017547,Recommended,394970,33284697,Posted: 5 July,all,Kasiornis,The only main issue with this game - Alt+F4 is not working for it so you cant leave the game after another stupid death before you break something important for your PC.
76561198128433588,Recommended,394970,22830137,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,vaterviscera,"Gameplay is challenging but fair. Patience and strategy are key.An interesting story paired with great character design, awesome graphics, and amazing music."
,Recommended,394970,32720277,Posted: 24 June,all,Ironmind91,"Damn this game is so good! I'll be honest I didnt expect much from a cheap pixle style game but im totally hooked. The soundtrack is amazing, the controls are tight and I loooooove the undead hitman thing it has going for it.This game is easily worth full price but on sale you have nothing to lose.Do yourself a favor and try this game!"
,Recommended,394970,34538507,Posted: 27 August,all,SUARELE,"This is a game you dont just ""play"" , you have to feel , to move , live and kill like him...and only then...you may hope to become... the Reaper. All the people that hate this game because its not like hotline miami and/or gunpoint should just drop it. This masterpiece of a game has its own unique personality and feeling , which I enjoy without any doubt.The problems with the optimization may be true , but I personally HAVEN'T encountered ANY PROBLEMS... and I play literarlly on a potato , not even joking.In many chases you wont get away with chaotic movement , enemies search for you and take cover etc., you have to truly take full advantage of your particular set of skills... TIP: hiding in the dark feel like Splinter Cell over and over again=> 10/10 would fisher my sam out of any tight situaton. And one other bouns..... REAPER+SCYHTE=DANCING WITH THE DEAD"
,Recommended,394970,34387519,Posted: 20 August,all,Loli King,"A fantastic game, both in gameplay and art design/music. You will get mad at this game, that I can guarantee"
,Recommended,394970,24942982,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gowps,"All round great game. The soundtrack is amazing, and the gameplay, whilst difficult at times is immensely fun and rewarding when you manage to pull off. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,394970,29245991,Posted: 14 January,all,Oleas,"Awesome 2D shooter game with a interesting story and I must say aim mechanism of game is awesome, your recoil increase depends on your crosshair's  distance between character."
,Recommended,394970,21896855,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Finlal,I want to recommend this game. Because it's good.
,Recommended,394970,24871932,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kmmot,"The second game by Hopoo Games, both are fantastic. The game has the type of aestetic beauty about it that complements just about every aspect of the game. The music is pretty fantastic, and has a similar sound to RoR, but an entirely different feel to it. The storytelling of this game is not one that you are given, but rather one much like the Dark Souls franchise, in the sense that you have to activily work to get a hold of it. I'd say that ther game plays quite like Hotline Maimi, but honestly it is similar in few enought ways that I will not. Both have a super quick pased combat system where you are more fragile than paper-thin glass. But that's sorta where the similarity ends. DB is side view, no gun throwing, headshots exist, and the enemy awareness is alot different.Stronly Recommended If you don't mind a fairly difficult game.P.S. To hell with trying to get all the achievments."
,Recommended,394970,32932382,Posted: 28 June,all,Otz's Manservant,"Great game, feels fluid and fast-paced. I see a lot of similarities with Hotline Miami. I want to warn you tho - controls aren't really well-made. For example, to both enter and pick up weapon you have to press ""E"". Not hold, but press: and for both actions. That means if you just so happen to kill an enemy right above the vent or in the doorway - say goodbye to that vent\doorway, since character will most likely pick a weapon, whether you need it or not (and not go into the vent or close the door). In controls I didn't see options to separate those buttons, which would be important in a fast-paced game like this. Another bad design decision - when you warp through the vents, with lights off you can barely see your enemies, if at all. That is especially true for a skeleton behind a cover or a pistol-equipped vampire. So sometimes I end up looking so damn hard, but not being able to find them. And then they surprise and instakill me after I get out of the vent, just because they are pretty much invisible during the vent travel. Also sometimes to kill a brute skeleton it takes 4 hits with scythe, sometimes 2 (I count a ""hit"" whenever their sprite lights up for a brief moment). Which is surprisingly random, and in a bad way, considering how much of a gap it is. Also sometimes you can shoot right through landminer skeleton if you shoot him point blank, even though you're clearly facing him on a screen. And one of the stages was pretty frustrating (veeery close to the endgame). You get pinned by 2 gunners and one big skeleton with a revolver, and then your entire control schemes changes to basically ""press any button to die and have to redo all your progress"". Stealth is also a bad idea in that stage since none of the lights can be turned off. Which is kinda unfair in my opinion.That type of issues caused me a lot of death and frustration during some levels, so game definetely won't go unstained in my memory. So be prepared for them if you want to play this game.Otherwise, it's pretty good. Pretty much all stuff I read about it before purchase is true - you can stealth a lot of the time, or straight up go full-guns blazing if you have the lightning-speed reaction. It's not ""always"" possible, but most of the time both are valid options.I'm glad I gave it a go, especially for the price the game is asking. Altho, I can only very barely recommend the game because of frustrating game design decisions made above."
,Recommended,394970,21848297,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Two Tyson Chicken Patties,"With the fast paced action of Hotline Miami, the stealth of Mark of the Ninja, the feel of Gunpoint, and the soundtrack made of musical gold, this game is awesome in every way.You really have to work for your completion and it makes sure to let you know that from the tutuorial. It seems a bit off-putting to make the game hard from square one, but it drew me in. I wanted to master this game. I wanted to get better.This is a great game and the story is very interesting and mysterious. One of the slickest and coolest indie games I've played in a while. I highly reccomend this game to anyone looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,394970,21878743,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,alyphen,"This game is the sort of game where after figuring out the solution to a level, you then have to try and execute it. It's unforgiving but a lot of fun to play. Less buggy than Risk of Rain and generally feels more polished.The idea is novel and there's stealth that requires you to flush yourself down toilets or jump into an air vent. The mechanic feels smooth and you feel like a ninja after completing some of the levels."
,Recommended,394970,22029590,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Unexpectedly MagIKarp,"Once again Hopoo Games develops another amazing game, it's a great stealth-action hybrid. Like both Hotline Miami 1 & 2, the game has little to no checkpoints, meaning you must rely on a good strategy and execution. It's a very enjoyable game with a soundtrack created by Chris Christodoulou, who created the soundtrack for Risk of Rain. I can't recommend this game more than I already do. I'd highly recommend you buy this game, it even has a level editor, allowing you to make your own maps, with workshop support."
,Recommended,394970,33118127,Posted: 1 July,all,The Fish,"Deadbolt is like a mix bewteen Hotline Miami and Gunpoint, it has the fast paced, difficult, gory gameplay of Hotline Miami, balanced with the clever, punishing, and intuitive level design of Gunpoint.  It doesn't exceed either of these games in these areas, but it certainly makes a good attempt.The only issues I have with the game is it's short length, and boring progression system. The length in my opinion is balanced out with the difficulty and the fair amount of replayability, the progression system (if you can call it that) however is undeniably under developed. In my opinion it shouldn't even be in the game, and instead scrapped for rewards from individual levels. The system consists of one merchant who sells primary and secondary weapons. The big issue is how few guns there are, and how useless most of them are. You only need to buy one or two throughout the game, and even then it's completely possible to just ignore them entirely.All in all, the second commercial effort for Hoopoo is pretty good, but not great, especially compared to their first. The game is completely carried on it's level design, and even that isn't perfect.  A heasatant reccomendation at full price, but a whole hearted one if you can nab it on sale. Worth your time, but maybe not your money. 8/10"
76561198072335974,Recommended,394970,21872040,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mareman69Me,"I'd like to start this review wit ha simple statement: This game is not Hotline Miami. People are simply comparing the two because of the blood and difficulty. If you want Hotline Miami gameplay, play Hotline Miami.My view of the game may be skewed a little because Risk of Rain is one of my favorite games of all time, but I can't help that.Deadbolt is a very challenging game, but it is very easy to learn. That is one of the most frustrating parts about it: you know how to play it, but you keep dying. This is the type of game that you will rage quit and come back after a half hour to try again. The gameplay is 2d stealth, like Gunpoint. But again, this game is NOT Gunpoint.The art style is distinctively Hopoo, and the character sprites along with the warm lighting and ""rustic city"" atmosphere almost reminds me of Dishonored without the steampunk. While a lot of the art in Risk of Rain focused on stressing the fact that you are very small and very alone, Deadbolt keeps things closer, with focus on you and the nearby rooms.The music, like Risk of Rain, is very beautiful and fits the game perfectly. Some of the songs even sound familiar to Risk of Rain, which I sort of enjoyed.Overall, while I haven't even beaten the game yet, I enjoy this game immensely. I'm not sure how replayable the main story will be, but the Steam Workshop will probably fix that if it isn't. If you loved or even liked Risk of Rain, I'd give Deadbolt a try."
,Recommended,394970,22038967,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Solidus Shane,It's like a supernatural John Wick game. With an even cooler soundtrack.
,Recommended,394970,34985412,Posted: 15 September,all,Gweatgawi,Clean. Polished. Every pixel counts.Your ego'll get hit harder than than a truck runnin' at 100 mph.Test of skill.Dark Souls can go hide.Don't touch this if you trigger more easily than a drunk feminist.Jk.Buy.
,Recommended,394970,21862099,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,John Smith,Best Anti-Drug PSA ever made.10/10
,Recommended,394970,30420169,Posted: 9 March,all,Don Pablo,This is just a fantastic game. I highly reccomennd it and it's very cheap.
,Recommended,394970,30454023,Posted: 11 March,all,SamWroteDown,"It's a rather engrossing stealth game. Really clever mechanics, infinitely satifising gunplay and interactions, intriguing storyline and oozes atomsphere. Well worth your time."
,Recommended,394970,28853462,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Just Satori,"It's somewhat like Gunpoint, which was one of my favorite games on steam, and therefore something I needed to buy when I saw it.However, it isn't as good as Gunpoint. It's good, but it doesn't hold up, especially some of the later level.There's one level with a strict time limit, for example.  Not only is this (From what I've seen) the only time the gimic comes up, it's also dependent on RNG;Do the enemies come upstairs in time for you to make it to the last totem and set it alight? Answer, RNG decides! This is not the only cheap shot I know, but it's the best exampleOverall, would I say it is a must buy? No. Is it good if you're looking for a tough 2-d stealth game? Yep"
,Recommended,394970,29371771,Posted: 20 January,all,Blood Orgy,I didnt even know what it was but i still gave it money. Is very good. That is all.
76561197992120508,Recommended,394970,29753862,Posted: 6 February,all,McJigg,"Take the twitch gameplay and an equivelantly trippy setting to Hotline Miami and place with it the graphical style and puzzel solving of Gunpoint, and you have yourself Deadbolt.Whether or not you like this game is going to depend on a few things, becuase those who like the game love it, and those who don't, hate it.It requires both puzzle solving and twitch skills. If you're just a twitch player, you're going to feel like you're banging your head against a brick wall, if you're just a puzzle solver, you're going to see how to get over the wall but not have the reflexes to do so.You will die, you will die over and over and to those who like Dark Souls that probably sounds like a dare. Know that this game is less forgiving than Dark Souls, because one hit, one shot and you start that whole level over. Enemies are acurate and hitscan. You don't get to dodge, you have to make sure they can't shoot you in the first place.The game may be unforgiving but it is fair. Levels always start the same way and enemies have predicatble behavior. You're never screwed by way of RNG, if you're screwed it's because you messed up.If this sounds good for you, congrats! You'll find a rewarding game with a story that's fantastic if you peice it together. An awesome sound track and a feeling of bad assery when you finally get back to your car at the end of a level.If this did not all sound good to you, that's fair. This will not be for everyone just as Dark Souls and Hotline Miami are not for everyone.Edit: Spelling"
76561198094966214,Recommended,394970,24435949,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mike Tython,"One of my favorite Side Scroller.You have unique missions and achievements, in which one of them is to kill your enemies without shooting them which was extremely annoying, but funny to see the big guy kill himself even though he knows there's 3 shotguns ready to fire when someone opens the door. It's also funny to see Timor kill his own allies by putting a grenade over them that'll drop and explode. And the final fight is not easy.HE RESPAWNS 5 TIMES AND KEEPS TRYING TO KILL YOU, INSULTING YOU SO HE CAN LIVE IN A WARM HOME WITH THE CANDLES!Oh, and the game comes with a few weapons, but there's a useless upgrade panel. Why is the upgrade panel there? Though if there are weapons with upgrades, i haven't got them yet. By the way, the candles want you toKill the guy with only pistols, and scythes. Why not that sniper weapon?? You had a sniper when you were trying to kill that demon girl ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!But this game is really good. Buy it. Right now. Why are you still reading this?"
76561197976343809,Recommended,394970,21964745,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Pudenfuhrer,From shooting my first couple of zombies in perfect pitch with the atmosphere of the graphics and sound I knew it was obviously fantastic.  If NotAHero went with the energy and screwball craziness of Hotline Miami - Deadbolt has taken the slower and more brooding route.  A little more about planning and Hitman like tension followed by moments of violent flashing energy - rather than a constant neon pumping.  It has an amazing Poe like atmosphere and I love the darkness of it (yet without a callous nastiness - which I also appreciate).  Outstanding
,Recommended,394970,24019274,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,|_|HeaT,"one of the best indie games of 2016.  atmospherically rich, noir vibe, dope soundtrack, fever dream trip of a story, tight mechanically.  highly recommended."
76561198063827522,Recommended,394970,22308155,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,How's The Wife?,SUCH an awesome game! Its difficult and fun at the same time. I think the story is actually kinda interesting and is definetly original. But the gameplay is what makes the game for me. Its so much fun when you feel like a badass just killing everyone. Ofcourse it can really get on your nerves but it's worth it! ;D
,Recommended,394970,24107158,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,VenumSykO,"DEADBOLT, first at all i want to say DEADBOLT is a great game, I just love it.I found this game for 8€ on Steam Summer Sale 2016 and I dont regret givingthis money to the developers cause they earned it, I wish I would have payed the full 10€ for this little masterpiece.The Gameplay is really smooth and real funThe Soundtrack is great I love to listen to it. (Im listening to it, while im writing this review)The Graphics are Pixel Art as you can see on the Picures, Its made with love in every detail,thats one more reason I love this game.There are much enemies, I would say there are 4 fractions of Undead but in these fractions there are much different enemy types.The Levels are made really nice you gotta learn some levels before you master them.The best is after you finish the game, you can replay it in hard mode, that means much more enemies and more rage quits!There is a Level Editor included, making my own levels right now maybe you see them in the workshop :DThis is the end of my review, I hope i can help you at your decision of buying it or not!"
,Recommended,394970,33059118,Posted: 30 June,all,KING OF THE MOON,"DEADBOLT is a cool, laid-back stealth game where the Grim Reaper takes down undead criminal gangs. Its simple and fun.If anything, it is the soundtrack that really makes this game stand out. The music is amazing, and I would recommend buying the soundtrack even if you don't buy the game. Seriously, listen to the soundtrack."
76561198144410470,Recommended,394970,26049231,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,RandomShiz,"Amazing! Wish there was more, it's so good. I've played this for awhile, and I thought Normal Mode was fun and challenging.. Hard mode is the best."
76561198235026352,Recommended,394970,25162237,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,porsuk_co,"Easy to learn, hard to master, great atmosphere & replayability, terrific soundtrack!"
,Recommended,394970,25188690,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,FabianBlaha MT,"Overall a solid little game. Responsive and fluid controls, with fun mechanics and good gunplay with decent variety. Simple, but nevertheless fitting design, and great soundtracks.The campaign kept me going, but I never found my self really invested in it's plot. Perhaps not a negative point, but might worth mentioning.The only minor annoyance I can think of, is that a few of the levels forced me to chose the most effective way of completing the objective. At times it felt like a puzzle, and I found my self having to repeat the same approach with the right gun many times to get it just right.But the longer and bigger levels often played out differently, and made it both fun and challenging to experiment with different approaches."
76561198213825292,Recommended,394970,25182457,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hallonboi,"absolutly love  it  its sooooo good, the music and the story is outstanding."
76561197993206825,Recommended,394970,25152901,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SpecialForcesHorses,"Addicting, challenging, and satisfying.  Play it."
,Recommended,394970,32804153,Posted: 26 June,all,Mossy,"Awesome game, very fun and challengind, good length and themes for so cheap! Can be a little unsmooth (wish we could move while aiming, jump, shoot while falling, do sneak attacks etc) but overall is a sicks game!"
76561197960679813,Recommended,394970,22150427,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Spectator6,"Great little game! I love the art and the gameplay mechanics. There is a lot of attention to detail here, from spent shell casings, to shooting through walls/floors/doors with a strong enough caliber, to splinters and debris from the surrounding environment, to destrubtible light sources, on and on... Very well done!For me, the only thing that sometimes gets in the way are the aiming controls when changing levels.  The need for accuracy in getting clean headshots is welcome, but at times the point of aim can shift in ways that aren't anticipated immediately after transitioning to a different floor. I don't know what a solution to this may be or if it's even a problem at all... It's a minor nitpick that I'm growing accustomed to as I play the game more.If anything, it helps me appreciate the ""simple"" controls of Hotline Miami and how it's top-down perspective allows it to streamline around an even tighter gameplay design. In contrast, the added verticality that Deadbolt introduces in being a fast-paced side-scroller makes lining up shots a teeny bit more involved.  But that's also what makes it so engrossing :)Well done Hopoo!"
76561198193600649,Recommended,394970,27310561,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fern | GGS.SX,i love this game it get REALLY hard though you get through most levels when your angry........
76561198036516169,Recommended,394970,22807507,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Voyager,"Amazing game that is extremely polished.Wonderful aesthetic, music, stealth and satisfaction. I usually don't enjoy side scrolling shooters but this was great.Well worth the asking price"
76561198131261887,Recommended,394970,23958722,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lemonsandwich,This game is awsome and addictive and of course fun I totaly recommend this game go buy it now!
,Recommended,394970,25550520,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ven ∆,"I was suffering from hotline miami withdrawal. At first this seemed to be just the fix, a new hotline substitute.But surprisingly it was remarkably different, really making the style of game its own. You die in one hit, like on hotline miami, but do not kill in one hit. The vast quanitity of enemies is swapped for a more tactical approach, with stealth elements, such as shooting out lights to reduce visibility, shooting at the ceiling to make noise that the enemies above would follow, and other tactics I didn't realise I had the ability to think of in a game like this.Just like hotline miami, you may feel yourself replaying the same level many times; but that's where half the fun comes in these sorts of games. Trying and failing a strategy, constantly improving it untill you have it running like clockwork.The main problem for me was that, by the end, the missions seemed to get easier. I dont know if it was me getting better or just less interesting design.I felt the last missions specifically, where the demons became present and it focussed more on straight up action, were missing the difficulty that the high stealth requirement of the vampire missions.This is because, again, it isnt hotline miami, and the mix of stealth with bursts of action were what really made it shine for me. The hyper violence of hotline miami was hotline miami's job, and as a whole they did it better, because it was designed around that.But I digress, this is one of those game that make you feel like the'meet the spy'trailer for tf2 portrayed the spy. A silent, deadly killer, who moves like a shadow through the dark, an unstoppable force with no mercy. I love games that achieve this well, such as dishonored, and so would absolutely reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,394970,21889112,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Friend,buy this game
,Recommended,394970,27024304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ashirogi,"I loved Risk of Rain and I really like DEADBOLT even though it gets really hard, really quick. DEADBOLT may look like some sort of sidescrolling action game, and you can try to play it as if it was, but I think it's way more of a puzzle game than it looks (much in the same way as Hotline Miami). I think the fact that you have to plan out your path through the levels and then go through them with solid execution is a huge strength for DEADBOLT and, at least for me, that makes it one of only a handful of good actiony puzzlers out there. It also has a bumpin' soundtrack and some stellar art."
76561198082810995,Recommended,394970,25389004,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Devil Wanted,Definitely worth a buy if you are a fan of 2D stealth style games like Hotline Miami
76561198042120701,Recommended,394970,22013447,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,l.,"SKIP TO BOTTOM FOR SHORT REVIEWI liked this game quite a bit.I've played a lot of Risk of Rain, and have to admit this game doesn't have as much longevity as that, but it's fun.I've heard people say it's hard, but I think that it's actually quite fair. If you have a plan and a steady hand, you can beat any level without dying.I've heard it being compared to Gunpoint, which I played, and you can draw some obvious comparisons, such as the fact Deadbolt is 2D, ect, ect, but I wouldn't call it very Gunpoint-y, because you play the two games very differently, and they don't actually FEEL that similar.Not so sure about Hotline Miami, from what I've heard there's a live, die, repeat sort of feel to that game, and its the same with this game. But Gunpoint was really weird because I never actually got frustrated? I don't know why, I SHOULD have, purely because the amount of failures I had.There is a plot, but you don't actually have to take note of it. I was having too much fun playing the levels, so I kind of whizzed through the plot, not because it's boring, but because reading the plot and piecing it together is entirely optional. From what I've heard, its got a pretty great plot too!All in all, I'd say you might play through it once or twice, the second time on hard mode, which is about 8 hours of play, not including custom maps, or acheivement hunting.I enjoyed it. I'm not really a pro, but I think its quite nice that in Deadbolt, dying isn't actually an obstacle, just a learning experience.Yeah its good buy it."
,Recommended,394970,30502843,Posted: 13 March,all,Feels,"Great aim and good planning required aheadGame's fantastic. It can be frustrating but it's not due to bad design. It is meant to be challenging. The game is even able to sense when you are angry and literally tells you to calm down. Side scroll shooter that requires you to take a stealthy planned approach in order to have smooth runs. The levels are cleverly done and the weapons feel unique to eachother. I personally have not payed too much attention to the story but I don't feel doing so has hindered my experince with the game at all. Sometimes it feels unfair, sometimes it feels easy, but it always feels fun. Even when you Alt+Tab right click close it into Oblivion becuase you're just too bad. Overall fantastic game that I definitley recommend."
,Recommended,394970,26201102,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Von Overkill,"Deadbolt doesn't introduce any new features to the tactical platformer genre, but it's just a beautiful game. The art and music are amazing, the game world is a fascinating mix of death-folklore from different cultures, and the dynamic blood-spatter never loses its novelty. This game is Art with a capital A, and a pleasure to play, even when you lose."
,Recommended,394970,21844447,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Zeeky Is SO Fucking Magical,"As a general rule of thumb, I don't feel a whole lot of anything these days, but this game makes me feel a lot. Rage, mostly, thanks  to the goddamn vampire dames faster than speeding bullets and cowardly skeletons who get spooked by a cough across the room and proceed to fill said room with highly explosive landmines. But also, it's a lot of fun. And hard. Mostly hard. Get it. Become death. Die. Ragequit, only to come back five minutes later. Do as I do."
76561198116807536,Recommended,394970,22190989,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dogeyy,Awesome twist on Hotline Miami.
,Recommended,394970,22032106,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,IlSomax,"A perfect blend of Gunpoint and Hotline Miami, with frantic one-shot action and a great variety of weapons, situations and enemies. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,394970,22046982,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,CombustibleLemons,"When I saw Deadbolt on steam I really didn't know what to think. But after spending so much time playing through it I have finally decided on my review. It is absolutly wonderful. It has a few flaws that stand out but most can be overlooked.Gameplay 8/10The gameplay is really enjoyable. It is heavy on Hotline Miami style stealth where it isn't ""hide behind cover and sneak past enemy"" instead it is more of ""Shoot this enemy behind another from far enough away so he doesn't hear the gunshot"". For me most of the guns I didn't like too much except the lever Action Rifle in the Dredged stages, and the different types of revolvers. I prefered the melee weapons as they could be thrown with the exception of the sledgehammer and scythe. the scythe, once I bought it, was my personal favorite. Fast swing, high damage, good range all in one lethal weapon fitting of the Reaper. the only issue is some stages I don't know how you can complete without the scythe as a few involve either timers or needing to clear a large room very fast without letting anyone know you are in there.Story 7/10The story isn't really the main focus, but I liked it. You play as the Reaper who is hired by a talking fireplace to do jobs after the undead take the world over. The Missions can be anything from gathering intel, killing a target or targets, to finding out where one of the Fireplaces Candle servants went missing. Plus you can find recording tapes after killing undead that can be listened to(they display text so more of reading) that give a little bit of insight to the undead's thoughts.Music 10/10The music is divine, truely and utterly divine. It is made by the same man who made the Risk of Rain OST, Chris Christodoulou and a few others I don't know. The music changes from stage to stage and each one fits well. The music ranges from Strong but quiet Electro-dance in the Vampire's nightclubs, Heavy rock and metal during the Demon mercenary's jobs, Multi-genre Soft smooth music that slowly ramps up but never gets too fast during the Zombie's drug hideouts, to powerful atmospheric music filled with tension during the magic obsessed Skeleton bases. Not to mention the final level, the last song is wonderful.Art: 8/10The art isn't anything special as it is pixel graphics but it does really fit well. It has that kind of effect where after playing for a few hours you kind of forget it is even pixelated.Final score 9/10A wonderous game with a really enjoyable challange, heavenly music by an amazing composer and great stage design plus a level editor for those who like to make their own. I highly recomend this game to anyone who is interested,"
,Recommended,394970,24911512,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kronologic,This game is quite fun. Solid 7/10
76561198199810538,Recommended,394970,21855424,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Dxmenkiller,Reasons to buy this game:-Amazing Soundtrack-Nice Leval Design-Nice Story Lineand finally would say if you like hard Stealth games then this is the game to play if you like to kill some zombies9.5/10
,Recommended,394970,28569858,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JacksenOK,"Oh my god! This game is AMAZING!! If anyone is questioning whether top buy it or not, BUY IT! Its one of my favorite gamed and deserves a reward! For only $10 CAD this game is one of the best deals on steam! GET IT, BECOME A ♥♥♥♥ING REAPER! 11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,394970,22271849,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,seatoast,"Wonderful game, could use more weapon variety though, a lot of the weapons are similar to eachother."
,Recommended,394970,21880510,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,미디요글르,"I wanted more Deadbolt when I originally played the alpha build, and after a bit of a wait, I was not disappointed! After four hours, I have yet to find a level that feels unfair. There's never a point where I have felt that the game's mechanics have attributed to my deaths; I have been incredibly frustrated at myself in response, however. Defintely worth a play."
76561197970424978,Recommended,394970,21843261,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Patrick Swayze,This is the new Hotline Miami. That is all.
,Recommended,394970,21841901,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,spykerKonyn,"Played the proof of concept (demo) version when it came out a while ago. I wasn't aware a full version was even in the making. The game is simply amazing. Great music, great pixel art visuals, and fun and challenging gameplay.If you love the Hotline Miami series, you will love this."
76561198074646948,Recommended,394970,25128682,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,LEFTY,"Similar to GUNPOINT , just 10 times harder and more addicting. Lots of guns , enemy types , great game overall."
,Recommended,394970,21879790,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,LosersKnowBest,This game is very fun to play. It also has a great soundtrack. Only real problem is you can get stuck in doors and it will lead to your death.
,Recommended,394970,24823560,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rush B,"great game, hope it support controller"
,Recommended,394970,32729548,Posted: 24 June,all,ancient ones,if you enjoy hotline miami you will probably enjoy this
76561198156378669,Recommended,394970,28415947,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Black Science Man,"I seriously reccomend this game. This games is a master piece. Amazing soundtrack. The story is rich and this is very diffcult. Similar to hotline miami. You need to be stealthy and quiet to beat this. But honestly, being steathy makes the game last longer. This game may fill u with rage, but the music, gore and gameplay will impress you, even with the pixel graphics. Also, listen to Blood on the dancefloor. BEST. SONG. EVER11/12"
,Recommended,394970,23062147,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Phalkrieg,"An amazing game with an outstanding soundtrack! Hopoo has done it again, along with Chris Christodoulou. This stealth action game is amazing. And with so many was to play it was well worth the 10 dollars! Funnest aspect of this game has to be the planning, silently kill people from the shadows and take your time, or you can go in guns blazing but you better be ready and accurate, cause if you mess up once its a redo for you. Amazing levels also my favorite has to be thefinal Dredged Missions.Oh and the soundtrack, ITS AMAZING! Favorite tracks in no order have to be Heynong Man, Proverbial Dust Biters, The Banality of Enternity, and Undead Man Walkin'. All in all DEADBOLT is one of my favorite games of 2016 so far."
76561198107219020,Recommended,394970,22335749,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Dokidoki,"Solid game, great controls, neat concept. This is an incredible game, but I'd expect no less from the geniuses who made Risk of Rain. The gameplay feels like a combination of Risk of Rain and Hotline Miami, only it's a bit less akward with where you can see than Hotline Miami (meaning that I haven't encountered any sort of ""surprise attack"" where an enemy shoots me from somewhere that I can't see). I love it."
,Recommended,394970,21860494,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,[BLD] Wolfe,"As someone that's been following this since the first reluctant public demo was placed, I'm happy to notify any on-the-fence buyers, if you're looking for a moderately-paced tactical 2D shooter, this is your thing.Think a less trippy hotline miami, mixed with dark visuals and a surreal quasi-occult but light storyline.The game is finishable in 1 hour, if you know what you're doing, but on your first run, expect to take 3/4 hours of nonstop action."
76561198083095533,Recommended,394970,23858948,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LilUziVert,This game is really fun good stroy and if your reading this go and buy it
76561198148654539,Recommended,394970,21871559,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,larrisAWSOME,"Some of the best money I've spent in a long time. DEADBOLT is definitely a game of strategy and stealth, but it's delicious styling and smooth controls makes it rise above most stealth games. 11/10 would kill with the toilet again."
,Recommended,394970,21905642,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rude Dude,"You play as ""Deadbolt"" a spooky skeleton who is son to the spookiest of all the skeletons in the skeleton mafia ""Dadbolt"".The skeleton mafia has turned on Dadbolt and now you seek revenge against all the spooky spooks to become the spookiest of all the skeletons."
,Recommended,394970,21840894,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,☭Teb☭,This game is more supportive than my parents.10/10
,Recommended,394970,21880900,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Danowar,"Consider this game like a more thoughtful, sidescrolling version of Hotline Miami.  Both are stylistic as hell, with vague storylines in a hazy setting with great music flowing through it all.  While it won't get your blood pumping nor reward mindless repetition, I think DEADBOLT is still worth killing a couple hours over."
76561198027680480,Recommended,394970,21846200,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,A Sterling Bee,If you liked Hotline Miami and Gunpoint you will love DeadBoltDeadBolt is an amazing fast paced stealth gameThe game is amazingly done and I would highly recommend to anyoneThe story is short but their is a level editor so that won't be a problemAll I can say is that this game is so fun and probably my favorite of 2016 so farThe game is very difficult so people who get frustrated easily should stay away8.5/10 great game
,Recommended,394970,22087295,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Fry The Brain,"Made by the same developers who brought us Risk of Rain, the critically acclaimed action platformer with roguelike elements, Hopoo Games now brings us DEADBOLT! An action packed stealth assassin platformer, which puts you in control of Death, who goes on a murderous warpath through the criminal underbelly of the underworld. Gruesome, gory, and blood drenched. DEADBOLT is sure to leave you frustrated, while still craving more. Hopoo has an affinity for making games difficult, however, there is no better feeling than finally completing a mission after failing repeatedly. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,394970,21889602,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Killshot,"Amazing game, if you liked the Hotline Miami series you're gonna love this."
76561198129612653,Recommended,394970,21838086,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Unabledoom,"BEST GAME YOU GUYS MUST TRY IT OUT:D(But for real....really good game with perfect desing and stuffLots of challenge, I would buy DEADBOLT 2 If it was created :P)"
,Recommended,394970,23867189,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Entroplis,Absolutely amazing game. Not only is it a fun action-stealth game with a fin adventure. But the story and game art are amazing. This game takes the cake for my favourites.
76561198092563412,Recommended,394970,21858505,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Chillbacca,A delightfully brutal game.  Violent and challenging. 9.5/10
,Recommended,394970,21847952,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,[BSG] Boomerkuwanger,I had a great time with the single player missions. I'm going to try out hard mode and some user maps later this week. Can't wait to see what people come up with9/10
,Recommended,394970,21861689,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Goblet,"Take gunpoint, yeah? Cool fun stealth game where you can throw someone out a window and beat their head into a fine paste, good fun. Now take not a hero, a generally surreal game with some nutty dialogue and violent combat with an overwhelming sense of what you're doing isn't a good thing. Now put those two together into deadbolt, a game with cool, rewarding stealth, violent combat, and an overwhelming sense of what you're doing is /right/alsothesoundtrackispgood"
,Recommended,394970,21846348,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,natie,"I'm only through the second ""campaign"", but I'm already certain that this game is an easy recommendation, and probably my favorite game of 2016 so far. Here's why:Exceptional visuals: The art direction of hopoo's previous game, Risk of Rain, was what initially attracted me to buy it, and the art of Deadbolt is even better. What's more is that the gorgeous visuals never obscure the gameplay, which can often move very quickly. This is hugely important and vital to keep the challenges Deadbolt presents fair.Fantastic soundtrack: Those who've played Risk of Rain will undoubtedly recall the game's unique, wonderfully atmospheric soundtrack, entirely composed by Chris Christodoulou. Chris collaborated with hopoo again for the soundtrack of Deadbolt and the result is just as memorable.Exhilarating, fun gameplay: Most importantly of all, Deadbolt is a seriously fun game. It captures the visceral gameplay of the Hotline Miami series but not without its own notable spin. The vents prevalent on every map make the game far more mobile than Hotline Miami and also open up a ton more possibilities for dealing with situations. This also means the game lives up to its description; you can play this game as deliberately or spontaneously as you want and still come out on top. Finally, the feeling of success in this game is seriously rewarding: there's something to be said about the twisted pleasure of watching a vampire's head explode after landing a particularly nice shot.There's a ton of little things I love about the game, too (for example, the Reaper's apartment is super cozy and he even eventually gets his own playful little cat!). These may not mean a ton for the overall game, but are nice little touches that really tie together the world hopoo's crafted.The freely included level editor is an (insane) bonus and hopefully gives this game some much deserved longevity. Deadbolt is a delight of a game and for $10 I eagerly recommend it to anyone who's even remotely interested in stealth, action, or even puzzle games."
76561198071963451,Recommended,394970,21847431,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mr Dean,"This game is slick. It's a fun mixture of stealth and brutal take downs. The more imaginative your approach the more rewarding. It's definately different from Risk of Rain, but in a good way. The tunes are again, fantastic and fit the theme so well."
,Recommended,394970,21865102,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BallzDeep69,Good Game
,Recommended,394970,21846788,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,nachi,"Crisp and fast gameplay, jazzy music. If you like Hotline Miami and Gunpoint, you'll like Deadbolt."
76561198128313795,Recommended,394970,21853516,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,PopTartHeaven,"Great game, solid mechanics, nice music.  If you played the demo and enjoyed it, seriously considering buying this game.  10/10"
76561198033491052,Recommended,394970,21870122,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,spy,"Interesting gameplay, bloody ♥♥♥♥ing gore, goofy(but still funny and entertaining) story, tons of references varying from clint eastwood to No country for old men. A blast to the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥face game. 9/10 (Cause it's abit short)"
76561198224361180,Recommended,394970,21870659,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,windygangster,"Deadbolt is everything i've ever wanted packed into one, with the developers behind Risk Of Rain.The music is like nothing i've heard before, sending a chill and detective style vibe in your ears. There are so many option when it comes to completing a ""mission"". This game is strategy in it's purest form.10/10, if you are into very hard games."
76561198139793891,Recommended,394970,21847180,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg,"This is a fun game for those who like metal gear, and splinter cell that are looking for a new 2-D perspective"
76561198095432821,Recommended,394970,32783845,Posted: 25 June,all,akakez,it's a nice change of pace from what i usually play.SIDENOTE: the soundtrack is really good
,Recommended,394970,32836446,Posted: 26 June,all,Ercik kral,This game is quite well made and made by a few guys.pros-u can play this on low spec pc's-map making support so that if u finish the story u will still have maps to play.-bloodstains they just bleed the way you shoot amazing.cons-some parts are extremely hard like the vampires first part (i dont know maybe i suck)-the monster based theme other people may like it but zombies with guns and vampires that use desert eagle i dont know.
,Recommended,394970,22133707,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,"Diana, Marksman Adept",A game about killing people on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,394970,21960819,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Nurgle523,"I wrote a review for this, of course it didn't submit despite pasting to make sure it would not get lost.It got lost anyway,It's a fun game, perfect game design, things undone before in platformers or platform shooters. Add a thin story [enough to make interest and not bog you down.. GOOD THING!] Where you are a reaper for the God of Life. Nice chats by the fire with him, cause he's the freaking fire.Zombies, vampire, then skeletons [a fourth type I won't mention]. Often combined. Every enemy is unique and you can't be too relaxed. One shot or hit and you are.... whatever the Reaper is when he gets poked? Anyway fast restarting [from the map you are on, few have more than one screen.] makes this less frustrating.Goodies: Multiple weapons you buy with souls. Many more to find in levels that are or are not buyable.HINT, to get your goodies go to your car trunk starting each level. You get one primary and a secondary.Highlights: Setting, gunplay, melee fun, enemies with phylacteries and Twins that are a vampire boss set in a level. One is the other phylactery so you have to quickly kill one then the other before revival. Each enemy is neat. Zombies without heads and can't see. But their head is chained to the ceiling or on a table. Figure it out from there. Each weapon is neat but I wish you could buy most that are unbuyable.Dev, please add a few like the mines or whatever to buy from the docks!More Highlights: #1 is the level editor. Developer, thanks, please help me find out how to make phylacteries for any enemy or expand it for stuff not done in game too please! Hard to learn the editor for being the best part.Bad stuff: Rare enemies that just appear. In a one hit death game this is a mortal sin. Not common happening here but enough to think it was not tested at all or tested by unattached people. to the project IMOAlso the game really doesn't have much bad for it. If you are pushing against a wall and shoot you will shoot at or through the ground/floor [due to armor piercing in some guns] and make noise by accident. Little things really. Not terrible,*Fun* 10/10 -2 if impatient*Music* 8/10 +/- on your own opinion here*Gameplay* 10/10 : cover/limited ammo/guns in level/guns in trunk to start with/ amazing visual feedback to playing, with the walls spattering and the doors full of holes. Shells on the floor and bodies coming apart.*Graphics* are defining. Hard to score so I won't, just read Gameplay. Amazing graphical feedback to what happens.BEST: Enemies and level design, two here because they are almost married in perfection.WORST: Weapons. Many are too similar. Quite a few unique ones that give an advantage [the Scythe is great to move fast like a dodge while killing at the same time. IMO get this ASAP, no ammo needed]To be fair though, bullets are bullets [though not all equal] and can kill lights, phylacteries [the out of reach ones], and enemies. More bullets is good even if the gun isn't amazing. Still, few memorable guns all of which are low capacity and no ammo for them to get almost ever, [2-4 levels at most depending.]Buy the game! If it's on discount especially absolutely get it and apologize for robbery and attempted murder on the developer[s].100% Rating IMO."
,Recommended,394970,21849921,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Mellow,This game is amazing. I played the demo and couldnt wait for its release. 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,394970,24808832,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SaLaD,i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. great hotline miami feel with the aesthetic soundtrack. phenomanal gameplay. cant wait to get deeper in
76561198398289402,Recommended,394970,33213240,Posted: 3 July,all,cyanide.exe|SKinhub.com,great game but i cant hear anything
76561198126750110,Recommended,394970,33139933,Posted: 2 July,all,Ghostfordayz,"This game is amazing over all. I can sum it up in one sentence, You travel through sewage pipes and go right up someones butt hole and then they explode."
,Recommended,394970,33092994,Posted: 1 July,all,I am lonely send help,"Good, but short"
76561198342158735,Recommended,394970,33171354,Posted: 3 July,all,1_inch_wonder,"Overall, one of the best games I've ever played. The atmosphere had a real 80's feel to it and the story line was incredible (if the concept was expanded to a book, I'd read it). The enemies are easy enough to handle at first, but the later stages can prove challenging, especially as you're a ""one-hit-kill"". And the gore, oh the gore, how I remeber my first headshot: the zombie's head exploding, fragments flying in every direction as blood splatters up the wall. I must also mention the music: the tracks are selected to fit the level perfectly, funky music for a funky level, grim music for a grim level. If they don't make a sequel then I'll end up a skeleton (you'll get the joke if you've played the game).10/10 Good job, Duncan"
,Recommended,394970,21852189,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,GasMask,It's like a Side Scrolling Hotline Miami!
,Recommended,394970,21963585,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mumbling Ducky,"Amazing mix of Hotline Miami's sense or urgency and risk of rains perfect soundtrack and visuals. A must buy for fans of stealth. Lots of reasons to replay the short story such as collectables and mission ratings. Custom maps aren't the best yet but that will come with time the majority do offer a challenge. If I have to point one problem I find that for people who like PURE STEALTH not every level has a nonlethal or ghost run but it is possible just not easy. Great game must buy for fans of Party Hard, Gunpoint, Hotline Miama 1+2 or risk of rain."
76561198046453875,Recommended,394970,30729071,Posted: 25 March,all,Solenya,You get as much fun as you paid for and more since you can play levels made by other people
,Recommended,394970,22131284,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Jmed,Hotline Miami 3
,Recommended,394970,21940992,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,kilozombie,"DEADBOLT astounded me, even though I'm an avid fan of Risk of Rain, the developer's other game, and know that they can put out something truly incredible. The atmosphere is flawless, setting its own universe into stone using snippets and pieces of imagery, and the art design is just grim enough to set the mood without taking itself overly seriously. The gameplay is somewhere in-between Hotline Miami and Gunpoint, as many others have said, but I can see obvious influences from Risk of Rain. Every hit feels satisfying. Every win feels earned and yet barely earned. Every loss is crushing. It's clear that, after only two games, this team has got its style down, and the game design is so well-crafted that it never left me wondering, ""Why did they put that there?""The story had me hooked all the way through, and although I yearn for a bit more of it, what's there already wraps up extremely well. I didn't want to kill the final boss, but he certainly wanted to kill me. I'm reminded of Providence, the Bulwark of the Weak. Hopoo certainly knows how to make a player feel conflicted...All of this is wrapped together like an undead Christmas present with Chris Christodoulou's incredible soundtrack. He blew me away with Risk of Rain and he's done it again. I'll be listening to these tracks for a long, long time coming. Too tired right now to state just how ♥♥♥♥ing awesome this OST is- just finished the game!- but all I can say is, listening to this is most of what kept me from alt+tabbing away from the game for 5 hours straight.Last thing: it's pretty hard. Good luck!"
,Recommended,394970,22031772,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,kuro,"I've been eagerly anticipating this game, and it did not disappoint. It can get pretty frustrating at some points but I felt that it was well balanced and provides just the right amount of difficulty. There will always be a point when you realize what you were doing wrong or you figure out another way to tackle the mission that's faster and more efficient than what you were doing before, and it feels incredibly satisfying when you successfully pull a plan off. I feel like 3 chapters isn't enough, but considering the level editor, achievements, and amount of time I've poured into this game (I have just finished chapter 2) I definitely got my money's worth. Buy it now if you can, don't wait 5000 years for it to go on sale, the devs deserve the money.Some notes:-The weapons all feel different; all of the guns have varying degrees of accuracy, power, and bullet count. I kind of wish there were more melee weapons though.-The pixellated art style is quite lovely, and I feel like it's a step up from Risk of Rain in many aspects (though I loved Risk of Rain's art as well).-Chris Christodoulou's music is amazing as always, and sometimes I found myself pausing the game just to listen.-Really loved the different environments in the game (especially the clubs), and I like that stuff slowly gets added to your apartment.-One gripe I have about the game is that the requirements for getting 5 stars aren't very clear, though I guess it's mostly based on accuracy of headshots.-Headhunter+hammer master race."
,Recommended,394970,22616358,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Risk,gud game
76561198173441339,Recommended,394970,32490151,Posted: 16 June,all,saucymufasa,marvelous
76561198078130521,Recommended,394970,30419553,Posted: 9 March,all,QueenRenowned,Awesome game
,Recommended,394970,21837855,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Awesomehood,"Deadbolt is a game ive been following the very start, i first found it on game jolt and loved it, but now it is on steam and a full game. I still love it. Great game, 10/10"
76561198165079345,Recommended,394970,22691910,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,elbagueto,Great game love the music really worth it
,Recommended,394970,23502136,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Lord Pigfoot Nosebeggar XVII,"This game is an overlooked gem.I just finished the mainstory and I can not comprehend how I haven't heard of this earlier.What is this game all about?You're the grim reaper. Working for an unknown employer you set out on a quest to find out why the dead are coming back to life and what their plan is. You're placed into a bizarre and vague Hotline-Miami-esque storyline with a similar soundtrack (really good original OST here!) and start murdering while the mistery slowly unfolds.I won't spoil any of the fun for you but let me just tell you this: there are a lot of different enemies, maps, bosses and even a few special missions to just give you a feeling what what the devs were trying to tell you.You can just go on walzing your way through the game or go full-on stealth mode. I liked both.What I liked:Choose your own playstyleThe aiming is very accurateYou can lure enemies into ambushesThere is a huge of amount of variety (weapons, enemies, levels, etc.)A map editor and Steam Workshop are integratedThe story and especially the ending really kept me on my toesThe physics of flying limbs isREALLYsatisfyingVery cool OSTLovely artstyle that really underlines the excellent atmosphere (opening the trunk of your car gave me goosebumps)It's hard as ♥♥♥♥What I didn't like:The ceilings occasionally felt too highThat's literally all, just the ceilingsHere's my conclusion:A lot of love has flown into this game, it can be seen within every facet. From the sprites to the excellent soundtrack (available on Bandcamp by the way), this game is a masterpiece and has earned a spot within the ranks of my favorite games of all times. This truly is the golden era of indie games.If you like Hotline Miami, Gunpoint or Ronin, you will not be disappointed!I recommend getting this at full price,it's really worth it."
,Recommended,394970,21837271,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,grayscale coloring,"hopoo does it once again and creates another fantastic game I'm going to spend hundreds of ♥♥♥♥ing hours playing.I gotta say, I love the worldbuilding in Deadbolt, you dont notice the depth of it right away but it all revolves around occult, death and alot of thought has gone into everything to make it realistic if that makes any sense.Great aesthetic, tons of replay value, awesome soundtrack10/10"
76561198178075921,Recommended,394970,22232694,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Happy Waifu = Happy Laifu,"add a dlc or an update which includes some new wepons like a shovel,bat or brass knuckles aswell as some new guns like a flamethrower or a grappling hook. please"
,Recommended,394970,22830338,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Literally Anti-Fireburner,Trying to 100% this ♥♥♥♥ing game is the most enraging ♥♥♥♥ing thing ever
,Recommended,394970,21883550,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Wibble,great little game played it when it was free its emproved alot since then.great stradigy game. worth the money
,Recommended,394970,24907296,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,crowbar,"Gunpoint + Hotline Miami.Better than both.+ some great music+ nice enemy variety+ nice weapon variety+ deptho not very long, but this is a plus for me, it`s compact, it doesn't have filler. Also you unlock Hard Mode after beating the game and you can play tons of custom maps- some frustrating or even unfair moments, just a few- some not so great music- weak ending- weak story"
,Recommended,394970,24376613,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TheCanonGamer,"As a big fan of Risk of Rain, I can say this game is top-notch.Soundtrack: 9.5/10Gameplay: 9.8/10Graphics: 10/10Replayability: 10/10Get it, now."
76561197983301475,Recommended,394970,24815643,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RabidUrko,"Awesome game where you can play it stealthily, rambo style or a mix of both.Great physics within for a pixel art game, funky atmosphere and music.The more you play the better you get."
,Recommended,394970,21847211,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Shardborne,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing GameNote: Not for the faint of heart - quite difficult and dark
76561198063674848,Recommended,394970,24689972,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Deadman7882,this game Is so good. i luv it <3
,Recommended,394970,30464035,Posted: 11 March,all,sokmin,good game
,Recommended,394970,21889685,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Jsshinoda,"It's really well made, all of it feels satisfying regardless and you can see the effort put into the game."
,Recommended,394970,25538196,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,QuickBird42,One of my very favorite games ever!Legit Things About it1:DAT SOUNDTRACK DOE2:hardcore endless fun game3:I love the stealth effects in this game4:I cherish this game so much i made a level 5 badge5:you can kill people who are on da pot LOL6:JUST BUY IT ALREADY
,Recommended,394970,21912012,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Vinrafel,"First Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/o_rxy62X5hYDeadbolt is an action-stealth game and it's pretty fun. A lot of people have compared it to Hotline Miami and I would mostly agree with that.You play as Death as you are trying to usher the souls of zombies into the underworld. Of course, the best way to do this is with your handy six shooter. You go through levels that are designed to look like homes and kill every zombie in the area using your starting weapons and whatever you can find in there.""But,"" you might say ""that doesn't sound very stealthy"". Well shut up, I'm not done yet. Death can infiltrate these buidlings by slinking through air vents to get the jump on your enemies. That, in tandom with the fact that enemies can hear what is going on, makes it important to remain unseen so that you arn't overwhelmed by enemies.To add more options, you can also buy starting weapons, allowing you to enter levels with different weapons. These range from a piddly 9mm to an automatic shotgun, to (my favourite) a good old knife.This all culminates to make a fairly fast paced and quite fun game. Now, there are a few issues I can see. The A.I. is rather predictable. They will wait a second and then come check on you, meaning that you can easily build ambushs. This can be lacklustre, in that it kind of breaks immersion, but it's at least consistent.Overall, Deadbolt is a fun stealth-action game. With the ability to make and play custom maps, this game is definitely worth the $10 their asking. Now go reap some souls, the boats not quite full yet."
,Recommended,394970,28662409,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Eudae,"Fun game. Took about 4 hours to beat; haven't played through hard mode yet.Definitely wasn't too difficult and offers some replayability via difficulty bump & rating system. Rating system seems a bit ambiguous but it's based on speed, deaths, accuracy, and headshots.All in all, roughly 27 levels to play through with the ability to load custom levels."
76561198121495543,Recommended,394970,24325108,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,rob schneider,"Hitman: Enter a World of Assassinationwith skeletons and zombies and vampires oh myalso there is a gun in this game, I like how you shoot the monster with itthere is no way out and three doors, escape before He get you!Enemies, of freedom, face the music (C'mon boys, take 'em down!)President Donald Trump Knows how to make america greatAnchorman 3: The Legend Continues. Again.Here is a nice picture|------____________________________()                             ()()                             ()Is a Truck"
,Recommended,394970,21840701,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Roska,Only 2 hours into the game and it already feels awesome .......
,Recommended,394970,21863698,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Noobinabox,"TLDR: Loved the game, had fun with it, but there were a few frusterating things the game could have done better.Beat the game in just undee 10 hours, was a really great bit of frusteration and fun. As I do reccomend this game 100% to anyone looking for a challenge (with a great soundtrack / effects!) there are just some small gripes I have with the game.1. [Level design]: In one level a part of the screen would be so dark I couldn't see what I needed to see in one level. During a certan level where you are running around for your life, I couldnt see the elevator button because I am pretty sure it got shot with a bullet hole.2. [Controls]: The E button is used for A LOT of things, and there are a few VERY frusterating deaths that happened while attempting to close a door or fleeing to a vent, and I pick up a gun instead or something to that effect. It was one of the few times that I could truely ""blame"" the game for my death instead of myself.3. [AI]: Enemy AI is pretty good and predictable for the most part (as it should be in this type of game) but when enemies start layering on top of one another in corners attempting to get at you, they can at times get stuck or durp out. Id almost prefer the enemy have the ability to climb a ladder, or fan out after some time instead of patroling one single room after they find a body.Only bug I found other than AI getting stuck rarely is if you close a door on a weapon, you can make if fall through the floor sometimes. The difficulty curve seems to go up and down near the end, but at least at the start of the game they do try to slowly increase the difficulty and shake things up little by little. Anyway, if you loved hotline miami, you will get a simiar feel in this game. So turn up that screen brightness a bit, accept you are going to die, A LOT, and you should find an enjoyable 6 or 12 hours depending how stuck on levels you get."
,Recommended,394970,21861764,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,buttchuggin brewskies,"The hits feel almost as hard as they do in hotline miamiStory is fantastic, world is imaginitive and hopoo's pixel artwork is always top tier."
,Recommended,394970,27502406,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Coco,Amazing art and intense strategic gameplay.
,Recommended,394970,24812783,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Humorous Chimp,NOT A HERO and Hotline Miami had a baby that actualy works in fullscreen
76561197984721423,Recommended,394970,22734193,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,tdg,"This is a fun 2D action/stealth game with some very satisfying gunplay and multiple routes for every mission.There's enough here to keep you entertained for many hours, and then there's the challenges for achievements and the new community levels thanks to Workshop integration."
76561198045946822,Recommended,394970,22657265,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,VindicationofSin,"This game is fun, challenging and has great game mechanics. Well worth the 10 dollars."
,Recommended,394970,23219291,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Fallacy^2,vampires don't want to be saved9/10
,Recommended,394970,23232695,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,GreyIvy,This game is very changeling. And is one of my favorite.Note this game is not for everyone.
,Recommended,394970,23245339,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Im_awesome04,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is really good best evah tis is so gooooodAlso what song plays on the boogieman level? thats my favorite one.
76561198028714606,Recommended,394970,24666425,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TrogdorRunner,Goddamned perfect game like literally I played the demo probably fifteen times and then the full game comes out and it's got five times as many levels plus a kickin' soundtrack plus a kickin' weapon system plus the story and art kick like wicked chickens flickin' vicks. Now that's finger-lickin'.TL;DR10/10 buy at full price so he makes another great game
,Recommended,394970,22566720,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,dampsy ♕,"finished the game, ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZEDits a stealth game where you play the reaper and have to master different levels on different settings. it is really damn challenging I once sat on a level for half an our and almost cried when I finished it, so yeah basically you feel like a boss playing this. many different guns, which either the enemies drop or you can buy from souls, which you get from completing a level. SO satisfing headshots, you have to play it to get the experience, but this feature alone makes the game a must play. last but not least, the soundtrack is bae. It is the biggest part for creating the atmosphere of the level you play and the melody is still stuck in your head after quitting the game, it is seriously so good.so I raged alot while playing, but it was not like in CSGO, where I once punched a hole in my ♥♥♥♥ing wall, also you feel so reliefed and amazing after completling a level. ALSO there is a level editor, what more do you want seriousy, I am so glad the developers put one in the game, so I always will have new stuff to play. so yeah! get the game!"
,Recommended,394970,22800334,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,constuspaulus,Nice graphics. Great Gameplay. Really challenging. Awesome Soundtrack. This Game has it all.
,Recommended,394970,30373750,Posted: 7 March,all,KITCHEN GUN,sweet game
,Recommended,394970,21890312,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Boods,This game is an amazing 2D shooter stealth game that makes you think before you run in and shoot everyone and I have only seen one problem which is that the laser on the tactical smg doesn’t stay on the gun (when you aim upwards).Another note would be that the difficulty curve is great it doesn’t get to hard before your ready and it is definitely not easy so be ready for a challenge and when you finish the story you have the Steam workshop to look forward to .
76561198041515462,Recommended,394970,21893279,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[KLED] Baby Ray,Fun gameplay but dull story.7/10
,Recommended,394970,21893516,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"I have mixed feelings about this game. On one hand, it is very difficult and offers good challenge- on another hand it is not very long, and a large bit of the difficulty comes from just not having enough ammo.I was enjoying the game immenseley, but after just 3 hours of gameplay spanning two nights, I've noticed that I'm already over halfway through the game. As far as I can tell there is no reason to get 5 stars on any map, you get the same rewards for merely completing it. Of course, even completing a level sloppily can be a big enough accomplishment.I still recommend this game, it's fun and it has a good price. Just remember to take breaks and let yourself calm down."
76561198026489066,Recommended,394970,23916936,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Trapical,"this ♥♥♥♥ing game gave me an aneurysm, but i love it"
,Recommended,394970,21890014,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,lucidmatic,This game is a lot of fun and actually difficult.Also the sound track and user experience are worth the $ alone.
,Recommended,394970,21893396,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Valdrik,.
76561198071613498,Recommended,394970,21894403,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,aaa,I AM THE ONE WHO KNOCKS
,Recommended,394970,24128479,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,decsperry,yea its pretty fun. challenging but amazingly satisfying and diverse
76561197980471733,Recommended,394970,26001610,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,♆BloodshedforAll♆,This game is awesome !
,Recommended,394970,26146696,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[HUN]devilmen,"I tried this game out, and it's amazing :O please sale down this game, i wanna buy it :)10 / 10"
76561198108279649,Recommended,394970,28852905,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,VulesJurne,"Great game, even better soundtrack. Worth full price. It becomes very challenging, especially once the final set of levels is unlocked."
,Recommended,394970,32897649,Posted: 27 June,all,"The Good, The Bad & The Kawaii",Very progressive game. First protagonist with a cleft palate.
,Recommended,394970,30803413,Posted: 28 March,all,Richard,"This was previously a negative review but after completeing the game I've decided to amend it. The reason I was not able to recommend this game before was in retrospect a good part my own fault. I had encountered a level that I thought was unbeatable as a result of a time contraint. However, I did not give the developers enough credit and the solution to the level turned out to be quite clever.However, I still remain that this confusion reflects a great deal of sloppiness within the game and its mechanics. It's sloppy as hell. But when all is said and done, it's a lot of fun. Honestly much more fun than Hotline Miami 2.Prepare to be frustrated. Prepare for obnoxious *tips* making you want to punch a hole through your monitor.All in all, not a perfect experience but far more memorable than 90% of the games being pushed on the market today."
76561198100163281,Recommended,394970,25861783,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Kachowder | skinhub.com,I can explode people from their♥♥♥♥♥♥18/13 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
,Recommended,394970,23347597,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jäger,is fun
76561198112082979,Recommended,394970,29540855,Posted: 28 January,all,Dan,"DEADBOLT is an action stealth game, which reminds a lot of both Gunpoint and Hotline Miami, with elements of using stealth to flank your enemies and systematicly and silently take them down or if you f*** up (or chose to play it loud), frantic gun fights with limited ammo leaving you pick up enemies weapons or beat them to death.It's fun,challenging and fast paced as it instantly respawns you as you fail. It isn't complety reliant or focused on it but it has a story, one that keeps you interested.The game, depending on skill is realtivly short I completed in about 6 or 7 hours (my steam hours say 4 for some reason) but if you want more you can replay the game trying for the many difficult achivements (which the levels will be easier with the weapons you can buy to suit your play style as you progess) or download one of the many fan made levels on the steam workshop or even make one yourself. Altogher if you enjoy 2D action stealth games such as Gunpoint and you want more with a different twist, I would completely recommend this game and it's current price (£6.99) is 100% worth it, if you don't want to wait for a sale."
76561198142342920,Recommended,394970,22194533,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,wolfclaw99,love it!!
,Recommended,394970,24896244,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Primary,"Feels like Gunpoint and plays in the department of Hotline Miami. Good music and replaying after death doesn't feel like a chore. The small intricacies are nice like the flick of a lighter when entering a vent and the sharp aiming reticule is fluid. Good stuff, 8/10"
,Recommended,394970,22622018,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,young,Well-designed levels and good gameplay. what more do you need?
,Recommended,394970,24861851,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SpenSquatch,"An incredibly difficult fast paced hyper violent indie game with a funky soundtrack to boot. If you enjoyed Hotline Miami, you'll love Dead Bolt."
,Recommended,394970,24959050,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Hunteroid,I found this game very reminicent of Hotline Miami. Instead of a top-down view though it opted for a sidescroller view which was very pleasing. It had a decent range of weaponry which you could purchase from a dealer at the end of each mission. The game is split up into three sections.[1]The Zombie Killaz[2]The 1000 Year Royals[3]The DregedThe hardest imo was the 1000 year royals and the easiest was probably the Dreged.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes sidescrollers.P.S. It isn't really a stealth game.
,Recommended,394970,24513449,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Dr. Seabass,"Metal Gear, Dark Souls, Gunpoint, Hotline Miami.If any of these games interest you, you'll be gladly surprised that Deadbolt has only taken the good aspects of those games and combined them into this game with it's own flare.Hopoo, the inventors of Risk of Rain have come out again and given us a great masterpiece of a game.The only con is that the campaign is short. It only took me 4 hours to complete it.Counteracting this con is an extra hard mode after you finish normal mode and the ability to create and download other maps.I would definitely recommend this game to anybody who has even a slight interest in the games I have listed above.The price of ten dollars is worth it if you plan to really invest time into this. Otherwise, there's no excuse to not get it on discount if that ever comes along.Support the devs of this game by buying it. They might make more masterpieces like Risk of Rain and Deadbolt in the future!"
,Recommended,394970,24151445,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Aly Thaler,It's the perfect combo of stealth and action and I love it! Along with the different weapons and maps its' imaginitivity is endless. (IF that's a word XD ).
,Recommended,394970,24848962,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Tomthepotatoe,This game is yet another great creation from Hopoo Games. Deadbolt has the Hotline Miami and Gunpoint feel to it but for some reason I find it a bit more challenging. The only downside I see is that theres mostly only one way to complete a level rather than being flexible to your play style. Also has a sweet soundtrack that I could listen to for hours and has a high replay value with a hard mode after you have completed the game for the first time and custom levels that can be found in the steam community.
76561198274013208,Recommended,394970,29287605,Posted: 15 January,all,King Epik,Very good i loved it sometimes it was challenging but it was fun 10/10
,Recommended,394970,34847753,Posted: 9 September,all,CyNinja3,"If you enjoyed Hotline Miami,  or Gun point, you will enjoy this gun filled strategic shooter."
,Recommended,394970,23928027,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NeonSlash,"Deadbolt is a fun game. It involves stealth and action. The game is HARD AS ♥♥♥♥. If you don't like hard challenges in your games, don't buy it! I say that because that is the entire game. All in all its great. Aside from the missions that make me scream! Anyways. 8/10 Souls."
,Recommended,394970,23915752,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dinkleberg,Harder then darksouls and bloodborne combined
,Recommended,394970,25832570,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Frogs are People Too,*leaves vent behind u*pssshh... nothin personnel... kid...*unsheaths scythe**cuts ur head off and reenters the vent as a puff of smoke*
76561198118719906,Recommended,394970,23960118,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Otto Pussner,"If the devs ever see this; ♥♥♥♥ you for that fakeout on the boss. Great game, by the way."
,Recommended,394970,21973894,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[TPnP] Ocean Man,10/10eye-jee-ennit's now my #1 favorite shooter game of all time!totally beats Splatoon!
,Recommended,394970,34248054,Posted: 14 August,all,Vorktis,"in deadbolt you play as some ghost guy who wants to open doors that are deadbolted, which means they cant be opened uhhh but yeah its pretty cool like while you go around openin doors you got this pretty cool soundtrack that accompanies you"
,Recommended,394970,29061675,Posted: 6 January,all,POP-CORN,BRUTAL GAME
76561198043845516,Recommended,394970,30891101,Posted: 1 April,all,Ser Dank the Fresh,This game Is one of the best 2d pixel games on steam.
76561198071928116,Recommended,394970,21925266,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,futt bucking,"Loved the alpha, and love it now"
,Recommended,394970,22031191,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,S!LVR,i thought it was great!
76561198176507757,Recommended,394970,22008082,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,EmphaeY.csgoroll.com,I R8 8/8 m8
76561198284626641,Recommended,394970,22024792,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,jtnrao7,This game is so much fun
76561198151090094,Recommended,394970,21916049,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,❄Purp,fun
76561198120268617,Recommended,394970,21915145,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Fuk-Go-Back,Hey guys just asking how do you access the level editor?
76561198200743314,Recommended,394970,34143373,Posted: 10 August,all,NoT aS bAd MeMe HeRe,Best game ever it like hotline miami but side scroller insted
76561198060135098,Recommended,394970,32744359,Posted: 24 June,all,aou ti kkele sou,+++
,Recommended,394970,32754037,Posted: 24 June,all,Toast,"A fun, challenging, and fast paced shooter."
,Recommended,394970,35083402,Posted: 20 September,all,J4an,"Just just bravo epic game 10/10 ""clap clap""."
,Recommended,394970,28900119,Posted: 1 January,all,googleman81,"Amazing unrelated follow up to the Hotline Miami games, this time in 2D, very intricate design choices and huge replay potential to identify the optimal completion strategy. Just don't google deadbolt lockpicking because it's not going to give you any good results related to the game..."
76561197970483712,Recommended,394970,22148151,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,vane303,"pretty good game. reminds me of party hard, hotline miami and commano lybia (the credit scene :)).it is tough as dead should be and stylish as it can get. especially good music."
76561198060365597,Recommended,394970,27385717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheresNoTree,Not even in the afterlife does Jacket stop his urge to purge any building a mysterious entity tells him to clear out.
76561198049734195,Recommended,394970,26136524,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Frodo Baggins,Amazing soundtrack and gameplay. I bought this game just on a whim and was blown away. Reminds me out Hotline Miami and Gunpoint. I would highly recommend this gameYou can buy more weapons or just use the ones you find laying around. You can make it a challenge to only use certain weapons. There are so many different options with this game! 8/10
,Recommended,394970,26923889,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Robot,Best Indie Game 11/10
,Recommended,394970,29314323,Posted: 17 January,all,Fox,"Dead Bolt was a independent game that I enjoy, hard, fun.Some levels felt repetitive but its a great idea for a game."
,Recommended,394970,22574577,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kemi42,"This game allows for almost endless possibilities when it comes to certain senarios. You can run in guns blazin', or you can take a sneakier route and complete your objective without being seen. Along with a good storyline, amazing weapons and a talking fire, this game is definitely worth your money."
,Recommended,394970,22663175,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FATE,"Gonna Keep this short and sweet.Great game if you enjoyed Risk of Rain.  In the same vein, the lore is sparse, and mainly gained from the tapes encountered during missions.  The game is difficult without practice, but once you get some in its not so bad.Sonically, the tracks are halfway between RoR and Hotline Miami.  This is a good thing."
,Recommended,394970,23427400,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,spoopy waldoo,"DEADBOLT is one of my favorite games.i know i havent played a lot, but its because its SO FRUSTRATING AHHHHHHHHHHHHanyway, you play as reaper and you get guns and try to shoot things and kill people and winwoohoo u did itgreat game 8/8 appreciate would reap u again"
,Recommended,394970,23691528,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Proesilver,if you take first look and think it's too easy then look again. In this 2D contract killing puzzle game you play as the reaper sent out to kill all the undead that walk the earth. I really had a great experience playing this and am still not done and if you like challenges and puzzles then this is your game. I give it a 9/10 only because of the amount of weapons and levels. Also never stop playing with community levels which are really fun.
76561198206243421,Recommended,394970,23303967,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Django,Noice should be cheaper but NOICE
76561198180758881,Recommended,394970,23531845,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Madara Uchiha,"VERY GOOD AND VERY HARD... This game requieres you to plan your♥♥♥♥♥off for each level so you dont screw up and end up with your brains blown out, This game is amazingly frustrating but you always want to finnish that one level that your stuck on.In Conclusion YOU MUST GET THIS GAME :D !!!!"
,Recommended,394970,23676011,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BINGOCHOVIES,"this is going to sound stupid but can some one give me directions to use or even how to open the creator thing so i can maked my own stuff,"
76561198125293939,Recommended,394970,23014686,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,EmilUS123,stealth 10/10grafic 8/10story 7/10gameplay 9/108/10---- awesome game
76561198150024707,Recommended,394970,23314575,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Chairman Meow,Amazing game 10 out 10 would recommend.
76561198012801404,Recommended,394970,21844177,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Von E Gut,Gunpoint meets NOT A HERO. In the best way possible. Okay game from the maker of my favorite game EVER (RISK OF RAIN) so it has my money.
76561198101838898,Recommended,394970,28588838,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rilgar55,"If you love hotline miami as much as i do, then you are going to love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Become the reaper, and send the undead to their eternal rest."
76561198281381585,Recommended,394970,22494524,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,BringOnTheBurritoes,"I must say that this game really amazed me. Not mass effect or metal gear solid amazed but it just got me after spending some time with it. The combat itself is satsifying with headshots feeling great also it has this dynamic blood splatter whenever you kill someone for example a knife kill would have a streak of blood across the wall while a headshot would have a huge splat of blood on the wall. Also my god the world of this game is so freaking stylish and cool with vampires in nightclubs and acting fancy with zombie gangsters who get high on a drug which makes them litreally feel alive again, the soundtrack is also just hypnotic as hell with it being slow when you are in a apartment or electronic when you are in a nightclub. I know I have not completed it yet but I can't wait to see what else is around the corner in this beautiful gem.Small synopsis: BUY IT!"
,Recommended,394970,22513537,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Deranged,"havemt finished yet, but this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥u off"
76561198103582821,Recommended,394970,22526115,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡,"This is Hotline Miami but with a side view, if you liked that series play this one. 11/10 Like skyrim with guns, -IGN"
76561198271831826,Recommended,394970,22587371,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sapaxio,deadbolt is a simple game with awesome enimies and guns its not an easy game you have to plan each level carefully one of my fav games at the moment
,Recommended,394970,22861143,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,sTroovE,Hard as me.10/10
,Recommended,394970,22418199,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,b2k,"Great game. It's hard to not compare it to Hotline Miami, but it quotes it quite well. I wish there were a door slam>stun feature."
,Recommended,394970,22558210,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,//,"Havent even played that much and I love it. If you like Hotline Miami, This game is for you. very interesting, great soundtrack, and challenging."
,Recommended,394970,22563202,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The Cream Of The Crop,"TL;DR: DEADBOLT is an atmospheric, 2D combat-puzzle game. If you've enjoyed the weird breach-and-clear puzzles of Payday, Hotline Miami, or Gunpoint, you'll probably enjoy the game. Combat is consistently challenging, graphics, music and story have a slick mystery thriller feel to them. Just a well polished game in all accounts.DEADBOLT combines a line-of-sight aiming mechanic with the wide-angle view of a side-scroller, so each mission is half planning, half skillshot execution. It also introduces new concepts and enemy types at a regular enough pace to keep the combat interesting; the few boss levels in the game really require a lot of forethought and planning that makes reaching the end really rewarding.In addition to the solid combat, the story and narrative design is delivered in a minimalist breadcrumb manner via small mission briefings and the occasional enemy note drop. It drives home the ""mystery thriller"" aesthetic through story as well as graphical and audio atmosphere. The soundtrack alone is pretty good, but after playing the game, you'll definitely appreciate the tracks more for what levels they remind you of. All in all, awesome game from start to finish."
48294729530683060,Recommended,394970,23183769,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,JV5,"Deadbolt has a really cool setting, its almost like the show 'The Guardians?'. The main character can sneak through vents and pipes without being heard, and has a really tough learning curve. And even you can upload you own levels with the level creator. I love this game."
76561198159378893,Recommended,394970,22711547,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Da_Gangsta_Chicken,"As a gangster, I completely approve this game. Exploding gangsters' head is really cool and this game offers a real challenge even when you buy the scythe.Also soundtrack is cool."
76561198108137489,Recommended,394970,27473585,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spiroo,This game is just pure awsomesness. A little bit short but I still really like it. The schythe is weaker than it was expected wich was desepointing.
,Recommended,394970,21943939,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,standin.excaliburden,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good.
76561198130621075,Recommended,394970,24221685,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,killerbailey,This game is one of my favorite games I've ever played singularly honestly I would recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,394970,24345588,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Slash,This game is a fun little passtime. It also gives you plenty of options to keep the actual strategy part of the game active. :3
76561198059341056,Recommended,394970,24241434,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Skullforever,awesome game! totally worth 10 euros :3
,Recommended,394970,21863899,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Chepe,"This game is dope.2D, Gory, What more could you ask?Buy it."
76561198068796198,Recommended,394970,23870499,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Diagnosed Malaria,"this is game is a like a break in, murder everyone as fast a possible, puzzle game, think of it as a less hyper-violent, less colorful, more gritty, version of hotline miami, just without a top-down view, and very very fun"
,Recommended,394970,24490034,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ratman,Yes
,Recommended,394970,21850181,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,kongdoolgi(JDKim),*Knock Knock*-Who's this?-Your death.
76561198037424882,Recommended,394970,27516637,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThePhantom,award plis thank
76561198137927092,Recommended,394970,23107260,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,PooperDooper,Dosent work for windows 10 it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Recommended,394970,23391864,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bob The Burden,you can't hide from hell
,Recommended,394970,22520977,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Xl9,"Deadbolt puts you in charge of the avatar of Death himself, a firearm proficient, trenchcoat wearing, cat-loving take on the Grim Reaper who is always up against immeasurable odds. While enemies usually take more than one shot from most weapons to down, the reaper will die in a single hit. To avoid an untimely return to the afterlife, you’ll have to make the most of the reaper’s unique set of skills.Not only is he surprisingly skilled at using any type of weapon he can get his bony fingers on, the Reaper is able to quickly transport around levels via turning into smoke and going through pipes and vents. More often than not, gunfights become a hectic ordeal of jumping throughout the map to find new weapons or get a new angle at your foes, and when everything comes together, it’s quite satisfying. I’ve never played a game that can make something as crude as causing a vampire to explode into chunks via bursting out of his toilet seem so stylish.Throughout my time with Deadbolt, I may have struggled with certain segments and a few nasty shootouts, but it’s hard for me to pinpoint a time I was actually upset with the game. It achieves that perfect balance of punishment and reward. A game that constantly knocks you down, but it’s just such a blast that it keeps you wanting to get back up and give it another shot.Read the full review here:http://techraptor.net/content/deadbolt-review-become-death"
76561198271129348,Recommended,394970,29631738,Posted: 1 February,all,Tinywaffles,tis good ame
,Recommended,394970,21876932,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,PokemonBrown,11/10 would destroy someone while they take a crap
,Recommended,394970,21889193,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,aTastyT0ast,"It contains death, which is always good!"
,Recommended,394970,33003805,Posted: 29 June,all,Cyanide,ish rely gud u shud play u shut pepol sumtimes
,Recommended,394970,33333520,Posted: 6 July,all,RedRum957,"Good game, but you will want to punch your screen when you get farther in it..."
,Recommended,394970,30289489,Posted: 2 March,all,i have a bag on my head,"spoiler: DJ Khaled is the boss for the first chapter, and you get to play as sledge from R6S.10/10 would pulverize DJ Khaled again"
76561197985704187,Recommended,394970,21841327,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Michael Fassbender,THE PARTY ROLLS ONTHEN COMES A KNOCK ON YOUR DOOR
76561198274490293,Recommended,394970,28456602,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,thomaswrunning,amazing game cant stop playing
76561198040369825,Recommended,394970,21853667,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Riplasher,I'M ETHANBRADBERRY!!!!!!!
,Recommended,394970,22030599,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ashmind,Challenging (for filthy casuals like me) -- but fun.
76561198092033007,Recommended,394970,25013474,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Biker,Edgy.
,Not Recommended,394970,34473899,Posted: 24 August,all,thiccitty,"Poorly optimised. Wether its pressing 'E' to go into cover and it not working so you die, or its switching weapons so you can easily kill an enemy. 70% of the time it doesn't work and you end up being killed. And just a few minutes before writing this, the level restarts and I have to go from the beginning. Then there's the problem of two items being next to each other. If you've got a weapon next to the door, then you'll only be able to pick up the weapon, which is extremely frustrating when you need to run from an enemy, through a door that you can't open. Or vice versa, if you can only open the door. Say you're trying to pick up a Sawed-Off before an enemy comes through, but you end up opening the door and getting shot. Definetely not a game for casual gamers, as its extremely challening (partly because it's supposed to be, partly because of the poor optimization.)"
76561198114381164,Recommended,394970,22423988,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,partner1234,Bolt action rifle... so satisfying10/10 would double/triple headshot again
,Recommended,394970,22458891,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The BDG,"This is one of those sleeper hits that I expect many people will be playing soon. The combat and gameplay is fun and intuitive. Many people have said this game is like a sideview Hotline. I disagree there is so much more added to this game, the upgrade system alone adds so much more depth than Hotline ever had.I gave it a full spin on Return or Retain here.https://youtu.be/gqxStWNgods"
,Recommended,394970,22541786,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,sumotsunami,It's hard but I like it anyways. More variety and content would be freaking sweet though!
,Recommended,394970,22759946,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,JOIN MY DISCORD,"DEAD BOLTAnother thrilling title from hopoo games. Hopoo has jumped from action and adventure rouge 2-D like to a 2-D stealth assasitnaion game. And it works perfectley.The AI, while terrifiyingly hard, act exactley how you'd expect them to. While still tripping you up with strange new ways to find you. A head on assault can work but it works much better to take it slow amd stealthy.The weaponrey, while exactley what you'd think it would be always finds a way to surprise making each weapon very unieqe. Plus hit detection is on point, so if you miss you only have yourself to blam.The story is excellent, with simple design but added complexity and lots of depth. To add the atmosphere for each level is perfectley set, with lighting, level design and music to give you the right mood. Not to mention the level design is perfect for the hardness and skill it requires. Not to mention, while the pixel art is in some ways simplistic, it is entirley beuatiful.The multiple ways to travel around the level are amazing and smooth as well, and just as a bonus there's a hard mode and workshop for those who want to keep going.It's an excellent game about stealthy killing and if thats your thing then go buy it. Especially if you like fantasy and a  noir-ish feel.It's worth much more than its cheap price.""I wake up, it's cold. I can feel everything again. I can feel a warmth. I'm not dead? I move twards a seat and fire roars to life. I rember who I am and what I do. The fire place asks if I'm ready to reap the souls of the undead. I agree. I am the Reaper."""
,Recommended,394970,22456701,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Gilandir,a
76561198299003721,Recommended,394970,22782210,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Cruzing Ted,This is the first steam game that I played and overall its the best indie game I played in my opinion.
,Recommended,394970,23219500,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JerkDouglas,"It's fun and cool, but the patronizing protip messages that pop up when you die a lot get on my nerves. Do you really need to tell people to calm down? When in the history of ever has that worked? I'm being serious here!!!"
76561198090248428,Recommended,394970,25216269,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,zoink csgoroll.com,dude its really fun and mostly finished the game in under two hours so i could get my money back
76561198158068617,Recommended,394970,23124938,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Alfonso,gr8 game 12/10
76561198015202028,Recommended,394970,22031221,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mr. Worldwide,Great little game that really requires you to git gud
,Recommended,394970,22412996,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Blue - The Queen,"It's like Gunpoint Mixed with Hotline Miami, in other words, Hard Challenging and Fun as all balls."
,Recommended,394970,22762935,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ｓ Ｈ Ａ Ｑ,2 spoopy 4 mi
76561198181090523,Recommended,394970,22356092,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TheBerryBeheader,.
,Recommended,394970,35008655,Posted: 16 September,all,PretzeŁ cs.money,Most. Fun. I. Have. Ever. Had.Its like you were too lazy to look in 3 dimensions in hotline miami and made this.I got this because my friend reccommended this to me since we both loved gunpoint.get this right now pls
,Recommended,394970,24711814,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ProjectInfamous,"finally got it to work, it was my windows. such an awesome game"
,Recommended,394970,21847238,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Dr. Toasty Puns,10/10 would run face first into a shotgun again.
76561198153421472,Recommended,394970,24803180,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ironicusername,I just purchased this game today and it is one of the best games I have ever played HIGHLY RECOMMENED
,Recommended,394970,21864113,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Detective 0rdi,I've had to jack off every single time after playing this game. My wiener has gotten too hard whenever I heard the track in between missions. When I kill a big boy with a sledge hammer my big pee pee starts frothing at the tip. I am unable to play this game for more than an hour because the urge to blow my load will become too powerful. This is a good game. Please purchase it. I miss my wife so much.
76561198048295504,Recommended,394970,24400521,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Tap_tempo,i like it
,Recommended,394970,23130453,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Roast Lord,Great game 8.5/10
,Recommended,394970,21957278,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,nakedSunOo,"Its all about killing, headshots count. One bullet and you are dead. The Game is masochistic, because you are dying alot in this game. Mostly Trail and Error till your strategie works. But I am a noob sooo?btw Look out for it's A.I., it is unpredictable sometimes. This is the only flaw of the Game. The Storytelling is a kind of poetic and get the job done. After the campaigne you feel complete.It took me 5 hours on my first playthrough and additional 5-6 hours on it's newgame+ aka hardmode, where the enemy placement is changed.Deadbolt ships with a basic level editor and has workshop support. Maybe there is room for a active community and the developers aren't done with supporting the game yet. They might even provide more content in the future.tl:dr if the Trailer gets you, u should buy it.The Levels are diversified and some of them even have nasty surprises."
,Recommended,394970,21839611,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jonaham,This game is so good and looks very nice and the amount of levels that they have is crazy and also there is steam workshop!
,Recommended,394970,21838917,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Staple boi,"It's a really good game, but the toilet is unrealistic.I guess you could say...Shot to♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,394970,21837614,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ice,GAMES HARD
,Not Recommended,394970,24149676,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Big Gulp,"I haven't beaten this game yet, but I'm already frustrated by the controls. It is not cool to get murdered by a shotgun guy because you were trying to take cover behind the bed and the character instead picks up a nearby weapon. The fix could be as simple as setting a different button for cover, too. The cluminess between those controls, getting hit by bullets through doors a split second after they've closed, and even just getting on the right side of cover kind of ruins things.It's sad, because it really does feel incredibly satisfying to, despite this clumsiness, overcome the odds. You feel totally cool. The graphics are simple but cool, and the music is really catchy. If they just add that option in, or if someone informs me of one, I am totally willing to amend this review. But as it is, I don't like getting to the last enemy in an area and dying because of a less-than-stellar control scheme."
,Not Recommended,394970,24816147,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,80's Jazz Pop,"Deadbolt is a great game, well the first half of it atleast. After the storyline of ""Zombie Kings"", the game falls flat in terms of introducing new things, besides spooky vampires. In conclusion the game loses its pizzazz after the first half. 6/10. (Would reccomend for the first 2-3 hours of the campaign)"
,Not Recommended,394970,29178767,Posted: 11 January,all,Tyen,"Incredibly frustrating game to play.There's so much twitch action and repitition involved that later stages are just a grind to complete.Satisfaction come from finally scraping your way through a level and being able to say ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to the mission. That's not fun."
76561198211907893,Recommended,394970,31826711,Posted: 18 May,all,REDKİD,this game is soo crazy im waiting for this game 2  ı want to play
,Recommended,394970,23900494,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BossMachine,Its a good game.
,Recommended,394970,21939597,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,this game is literally literally a masterpiece
76561198040932699,Not Recommended,394970,32287427,Posted: 9 June,all,MyButtHasBeenKnownByManyNames,"mannnn, i really tried hard to like this game. the atmosphere is great, the visuals work perfectly and at times the game plays the way i belive it was designed to. Honestly though i just cant recommend it. the game just doesnt work sometimes. theres also soo much that could be added to it to make it an enjoyable game. dont be fooled by its premise of extremel difficultly, it only adds hours of gameplay because the game simply wont behave the way you expect and have been tought to believe it will. i sincerely hope they come out with a second one to follow this one because it has so much potential."
,Recommended,394970,31794895,Posted: 16 May,all,MaxwellDaBeast✰,"This game is sick! At first i just thought it was just a simple 2D ripoff of Hitman. Hell, i was wrong. Worth the bucks, and it has more to it than you'd expect. imo it's worth more than $10. I'd recommend this game for anyone; even if you have a trash computer. Super easy to run."
,Recommended,394970,24715242,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,vetruven,Great game - very well polished.Great everything/
76561198083568932,Recommended,394970,24766211,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,depression,deadbolt is a game about zombies doing crack
,Not Recommended,394970,30511513,Posted: 14 March,all,purpxan,"Don't get me wrong. This game is cool. At hindsight, you are death, and kill all who oppose you. I really wanted to say this game was a masterpiece, but i just can't! You go around killing zombies in the name of your contractor, the flames, and it's cool as heck bro. I just don't really enjoy it."
76561198125681160,Not Recommended,394970,34719898,Posted: 3 September,all,GrapeJuice,This game isn't hard it just throws ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at you to seem hard.
,Recommended,394970,21836156,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,furo,Sidescrolling Hotline Miami!https://youtu.be/SZdtfBVfr6w
,Not Recommended,394970,24597063,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Not a NPC,I unfortunatly have to give this game a dislike due to the fact where I can not play that game at all. Reasons being everytime I launch the game all i get is a blackscreen with the home music and ever after going to my desktop and going back into the game i get the the main menu but its frozen and I can't click on anything. Other than those problem for myself it looks like a fun game.
,Not Recommended,394970,22806840,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nephutis,"Great up until about halfway, then it throws all the good ideas it had out the window in favor for bullet sponging enemies. and linear level design. disappointing.it also punishes you for trying out new weapons, i saved up 200 souls for the scythe only for it to become absolutely useless since enemies have too much health to kill even with it, and then found out i cant get more souls for replaying levels. terrible."
,Not Recommended,394970,32933647,Posted: 28 June,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Whenever I launch the game, all I get is a black screen. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the game and verifiying the game cache but nothing seems to work. This is a shame because the game itself is actually good, it just no longer works for me."
76561198214332855,Not Recommended,394970,29233868,Posted: 13 January,all,TommyRocks06,"I really want to like this game, but i dont. Sure, it seems like a new and fresh concept, but once you finish ""Dead Simple"" it gets really boring. this game was a waste of my money, and it will waste your money too. just play ""gunpoint"" instead."
76561198007222838,Not Recommended,394970,22891274,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,landy,"It's OK. You'll have your pleasant 3 hours of playing, and probably no more. You better find a way to get it as a gift."
76561198077717294,Not Recommended,394970,22025395,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Monitor,"Many reviews I've read describe this game as a Hotline Miami+Gunpoint combination. I have no problem agreeing with that, although aspects and gameplay which remind me of those two titles result in something somehow lesser than bothOn one side, you've got the murderous challenge of Hotline, but without the speed-- the frantic, unpredictable nature where after a dozen times trying to even survive opening the front door, you button mash into a reptile brain floor-clearing killing spree.With the Gunpoint portion of the equation, you'll find some loose aspects of stealth, like shooting out lights and the game's version of cameraszombie headsor traversing the building via ventilation or plumbing. That's super, but missing is the interesting jump physic or the choice in progression through the various gadgets.I've been finding the game tedious. It's difficult, resulting in a lot of level repeats, and since I'm not really finding the gameplay that enjoyable to begin with, this really works against it for me. Victory doesn't really feel rewarding, and the promise of earning enough to purchase another firearm isn't keeping me hooked that same way Risk of Rain did with unlocking each different hero or item. Somehow feels barren as far as that side of the content goes."
76561198157925952,Not Recommended,394970,22203478,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,AdaBlast,"Horrible game compared to Gunpoint.There's a million ways you'll die for some stupid reasons, listing a few:1. Missed a headshot because the tiny characters have heads probably smaller than 10 pixels2. No markup for enemy sight or firing ranges3. Zombies can shoot magic bullets that kill you while leaving any zombie between you and the shooter unharmed4. Run out of ammo and the character won't pick up normal zombies' pistol because he's afraind of zombie cooties or something5. You killed a zombie with a knife - the most stealth weapon in early stages - and the zombies downstairs heard youYet the most annoying thing is that whenever you die for whatever reason, no matter how much you've progressed into the level, you have to restart the stage. Starting stage 3, stages get big, you spend 3 minutes shooting and going through toilet seats, a zombie kills you, bam, there goes your 3 minutes.I'd rather go rewire some buildings and jump on some people than go through this."
,Not Recommended,394970,21931810,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jake,"at first i was ready to reccomend this, because the beginning is definitely really fun, but its short, repetitive, and almost exactly the same as Gunpoint but with less mechanics.. this would be okay if you dont already own the other, but theyre almost the same game outside of the story and soundtrack.however, this game has great weapons, controls and soundtrack, so it's great as long as you dont already own a very similar game i guess..i'd give this game a ""middle thumb button"" reccomendation if that existed**5/10, would play for $5 or less**"
,Not Recommended,394970,22696747,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Centurion Justinius,"I get enough♥♥♥♥♥♥from my boss and Hotline Miami, I don't need another Hair-puller to pound through in a fortnight."
76561197991085701,Not Recommended,394970,21972661,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ferden,"Fun game, but nothing new. Short. Buy on sale if you want to buy at all."
76561198129032333,Not Recommended,394970,29492036,Posted: 25 January,all,Ayden,so frist got it 8 mins in tryed to changes controls misclicked so dont misclick clouse its broke so ehhhhhhh 5 out of 11
76561198062146665,Not Recommended,394970,21920697,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,david,"I just loved Risk of Rain, I've put over 60hrs into it, so when I heard the makers of that awesome game had released another title I just had to jump at it. Sadly it's not a particularly good or fun game.  It plays very similar to ""Not a Hero"", but without the humour or action."
,Not Recommended,394970,25096627,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ScarWalker6,did you just relly take my money and i got nothing?...
,Not Recommended,394970,21912981,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Gba,"Just generally not worth the money.  It's pretty simple, there are some neat things about it, but I just couldn't get in to the game and despite progressing it didn't add much to the game."
,Not Recommended,394970,21899137,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Feonir,"This game would of been infinitely better if there was any sort of stealth mechanic, all it has going for it is hotline miami style rinse repeat gameplay that is infinitely more infuriating to perform. By the start of the second chapter I was crowdsurfing waves of vampires to and from my destination. This game should of been called Infinite ♥♥♥♥ing vampires."
76561198045990090,Not Recommended,394970,21996445,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Catsar,"silenced pistol is not silent wtf, other then that its a great game"
,Not Recommended,394970,33158725,Posted: 2 July,all,wew,Pretty boring.
,Not Recommended,394970,23754683,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,stancrispy,No.
,Not Recommended,394970,24798895,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,buildbanner,"I know this review will get thumbs down, but I have to say something about this game,so I loaded it up and was ready to playand screw some precious hours of my life awaybut when the screen came up I just saw blueand I realized that MY COMPUTER SUCKS SO I CAN'T PLAY THIS GAMEoptomize this game*cringes so hard that an eye vessel pops*"
,Not Recommended,394970,21862252,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Monday,"its like hotline miami but its not and youre just like ""well ♥♥♥♥"" and then you refund it and buy csgo skins"
76561198126090657,Recommended,394970,30386219,Posted: 7 March,all,PrincessThunderBalls,"This game is one of the most well thought out side scrollers I've played in a while. The sheer simplicity of the game is incredible, yet there is this layer of depth that you barely notice, and once you do, the game becomes even more fun to play.To put it simply, the game is one of the best, and hardest, stealth side scrollers I've come across in recent memory. Each level has a multitude of ways to complete it, and given your playstyle, you can easily figure out which works best for you. The game does emphasize steath, but there is a level of run and gun that you can take to it, however, to trully feel like the badass you are meant to be, I would recommend a stealth playthrough with headshots only. Its brutal, unforgiving, but a total blast and you feel so accomplished once you've figured out the trick to getting past that one tricky level, or the best way to maximize your souls.All in all, I would rate this game a solid 10/10, for the replayability and level jump can keep you coming back for more."
76561198001935888,Recommended,394970,30433931,Posted: 10 March,all,Shortpath,"The gameplay is spot on; precise, cinematic, awesome. The style and story are dark, witty and just cool."
76561198172131209,Recommended,394970,30469555,Posted: 12 March,all,EPM,Very good game
,Recommended,394970,29475697,Posted: 24 January,all,zoob,I love this game. There are few downsides like sometimes you'll have to restart because of something that is out of your control. If you enjoyed the hotline miami games then you should like this. I know it is only ten dollars and an indie game but I wish there was more content if that doesn't say how much I value it.
76561198144837379,Recommended,394970,30595976,Posted: 18 March,all,I SAID CEASE IT!,probably one of the best stealth games ever made...needs more communists tho.
,Recommended,394970,30602560,Posted: 18 March,all,WODY HG200K,This game's the ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥ So many different ways to approach the mission. All these cool weapons to murk zombies. Makes you feel like a badass assassin. Getting headshots is so satisfying.
,Recommended,394970,30562670,Posted: 16 March,all,Sh4nks,Pew
,Recommended,394970,30560622,Posted: 16 March,all,Xograph,Hotline Miami but vertical and more dark and brooding.
76561198276918075,Recommended,394970,30567761,Posted: 17 March,all,da.kajuin,"This game is dope, wether you enjoy the art (both the graphics and the soundtracks) or the tight gameplay. I find it a bit short, but after you beat the game a first time there is a ""hard mode"" and if, like me, you're a sucker for achievements, you'll find very challenging ones (that I've yet to unlock). Story is nice too, and bits of lore are well written. A very different vibe from hotline miami but you get the same satisfaction when you nail a level. I can only recommand this game."
76561198204351124,Recommended,394970,30545800,Posted: 16 March,all,[Dave (28)],"This is a great game, if you enjoy games like hotline miami and other murdery shooters which require lots of patience and planning, then this is definitely the game for you. It is a very difficult game however, (hence the patience part) although mastering the weapons and going after the achievements feel great. If you have some (a lot) time and  enough money for the game, i'd highly reccomend it. Even the tutorial mission is fun to try and experiment with. ""do i throw the knives? should i disregard throwing them in favour of rushing in blindly and trying to take out the enemy before he can draw his weapon? (you totally can btw) Or should i just pause and quit the mission, which skips the tutorial."" However you play it, stealthily or all guns blazing, you're guaranteed to have fun with it.My only complaint is that i wish there were more missions.TLDR: It's hard, but satisfying if you have the time. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,394970,30464764,Posted: 11 March,all,Letmethink,"Cannot recomend this game enough, from the stunning 2D graphics to the fantasitcal soundtrack from my all-time favorite composer, Christ Christodoulou. After being a fan of Risk of Rain, it's nice to see Hopoo give us such a wonderful work of art that is DEADBOLT."
,Recommended,394970,30654826,Posted: 21 March,all,Moosha,The soundtrack :D
76561198098290469,Recommended,394970,21895686,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kidboston,LOVE IT. This game truly makes you feel like you ARE the reaper and a total badass.
76561198048404089,Recommended,394970,24173788,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ImGerik,Some games succeed through there music alone.This game does that and more.Great little survival stealth game with an engaging story.10/10
,Recommended,394970,24025143,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MtnDewey,-A great sound track while you rage at this game-R8 8/8
,Recommended,394970,23933885,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tanl,"This game is just a master piece.The soundtrack and the gameplay itself is magical. You feel like you are the reaper.This one of the first games that i wrote a review about. The second I finished the game i had to write one.Pros.-THE MUSIC.-Gameplay is so fun and the headshots are so satisfying.-Shop system.-The theme itself.Cons.-The game is short. It has a play time of 5 hours if you play non stop and perform well.-Story is not detailed. eg. who are we? where did we come from? why is everyone dead?(There aren't a lot of cons for this game tbh)Long story short, I totally RECOMMEND this game.It's just beautiful."
,Recommended,394970,24134689,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AbsenceOfSound,This is the most amazing an challenging game I have ever played. The stealth mechanic has been very polished and the enemies and weapons are extremely balanced. The graphics are nice and the soundtrack is great. Definitely would recommend.
,Recommended,394970,21860184,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Arstotzkan Border Patrol,"It Feels and looks like Gunpoint, plays like Hotline Miami, and sounds like Risk of Rain.A very intense stealthesque shooter where you can duel zombies and vampires in hectic gunfights.9/10God damn this game is fun"
76561198124076342,Recommended,394970,21851254,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,greyson107,this is so much fun.its like hotline risk of rain. its the same high you get if you pull off a one go killstreak in hotline. buy the game and the OST. its worth every penny.
,Recommended,394970,21850830,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TheRandomIdiot,"The game is amazing, The alpha was great, and the full release improves on it in all but one way. That one way? In the alpha, there was something called door ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You could shoot through closed doors. Now you can't. I'm disappointed by this development.9/10, because of the doors."
76561198045695571,Recommended,394970,21903852,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Cormz,excellent game 10/10
76561198072331775,Recommended,394970,21928988,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Stomps,"Awesome game. Very challenging, but rewarding. If you liked gunpoint, remove hacking, add weapons, and you have this beautiful game."
,Recommended,394970,21894793,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Anarchy,Plays♥♥♥♥♥♥out of alpha. Finds out full game released 11 months later. Remembers dogs. 10/10 would die to dogs again.
,Recommended,394970,21915984,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ovicior,"I finished the game in two days... I only wish it was longer and had more ""clans"". The story was minimal, but amazing. The ending was great as well.This is a great game, and they have outdone themselves."
76561198057819167,Recommended,394970,21916100,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jiggily Jacob,"I love this game. I had a blast, i rage quited a couple of times, and some of the levels are really interesting. Plus it had the workshop ready to go from launch, this is a good way to spend 10 dollars!"
,Recommended,394970,21916384,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,TehRealFlinstone,This is an amazing take on fast paced stealth and action. It makes it very clear early on where you can and can't stand to be seen by enemies. Playing through it you learn how to manipulate your prey into moving where you want to be able to quickly tear through them. This game just as fun as it is unforgiving. You are not rambo and will die in one shot. The only thing I just couldn't find a use for was cover. I maybe used it three times throught the whole game. But that doesn't mean the enemy wont.Overall I found this game very enjoyable and a refreshing take on what a stealth game can be. A++ from me! :D
76561198002073999,Recommended,394970,21925265,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[Line of Eld] Cuthbert,"The developer of this must have been a Dark Tower (Stephen King) fan.  There's something about how the reaper knocks on a door to lure baddies (just once, faintly), that gives me chills.Great soundtrack, fun mechanics, interesting design choices."
,Recommended,394970,21921995,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,abc,"Very good story, nice pixel artwork and around 5.4 hours gameplay on normal mode. No filling content to get the gameplay time up. Fast paced or stealth? You decide! The Reaper is coming!"
76561198113834140,Recommended,394970,21846031,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Negronce,"at first it was ""yeah, its fine"" and suddenly i can't stop playing, iwouldbuythisgameagain/10"
,Recommended,394970,21846069,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Chicken Skirmish,Extremely fun and challenging.  Incredible art.  A must buy for stealth lovers.
,Recommended,394970,21844051,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Straton,"Its reminiscent of Gunpoint, plus gore and zombies.Recommended!"
,Recommended,394970,21844158,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,kriptosporidium,"An excellent Hitman-em-up. Rock solid gameplay, simple yet pleasing artstyle, a unique setting, and the music is on par with Risk of Rain (as it should be, since it's the same fella). Level editor is a nice plus, although we'll have to see how vibrant the level making community turns out.  It's not an easy game and there's a lot of different enemy types to deal with, which keeps it interesting. Death is swift, but so, too, are restarts."
76561198077447484,Recommended,394970,21844857,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Grumps,I thought it would be pretty easy from the first couple of levels. I have never been so wrong in my entire life
,Recommended,394970,21846123,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,✪Cole,"This game is so much fun, as long as you like strategy and stealth."
76561198154067821,Recommended,394970,21846844,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,diegoduranlanza,"Awsome game, awsome gameplay, maybe to short(could finish it in less than a day), still really good game."
76561197991193702,Recommended,394970,21886850,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TUGGERNUTS,"Lately I have been wondering if I am too old for video games. I just get bored so easily with a lot of games, especially tripple A titles. But this game reminded me, that I am not too old! Very awesome and addictive gameplay that is just the right mix of action/strategy/stealth. The outdated graphics are not bothersome at all. It manages to create an interesting atmosphere with the art style and music. This game is proof that graphics arent all that important."
76561197999896642,Recommended,394970,21885213,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,St.Paddy,"I highly recommend this game for a reason I don't often recommend games. The vibe. When a game lays out a story, tells you your character, tells you your motivations, puts a gun in your hand and asks you to shoot someone it sets the vibe. This game through some ethereal mastery of simple gameplay mechanics intermixed with a noir feel really sets a truely unique vibe. Replayability is endless with you constantly trying new weapon combos and seeing if you can get faster and faster. Seriously get this game and if you're thinking bout them benjamins, this game is super reasonably priced."
,Recommended,394970,25688185,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DJ Bluntz™,Literally my favorite game of 2016.
76561198275204377,Recommended,394970,25375979,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dataraven,"I really enjoyed this game, it had alot of replayability with how you can try nearly every level is the game with any loadout and feasibly win, im currently trying to get the ""collateral damage"" achievement, that little skeleton man's traps wont get the best of me this time!"
,Recommended,394970,25708437,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,MetaKnightmare,"This game costs 9.99, there is just no reason not to get it"
76561198007409592,Recommended,394970,25512954,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ulfgar Ardo,"This is so good. The tight simplistic controls are what drives this game. It is often the cause of hilarious Pulp Fiction like situations. The artwork is unique and the music ( even is too similar to the one from Risk of Rain ) makes the perfect setting. I'd like to see there being more chapters but then I am never satified with goodness. The story is creepy and briliantly told. In shot, if you like tight platform shooters get this."
,Recommended,394970,25446567,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lonedog81,Great music. The levels are trickier than you think. Fun game.
,Recommended,394970,25450310,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Spasmagasm~,10/10 beautiful
,Recommended,394970,23698650,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,French Vegeta,"Story is a little bit mysterious, cool characters, you get to choose your style for clearing missions, ie stealth, or go raid boss mode. The difficulty is high but that's what makes it fun. Overall great game i r8 8/8"
,Recommended,394970,25473546,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AJCB,"This game is Really Good! The controls are simple, but clean and easy to get used to. The gameplay is smoothe and when you die you don't feel cheated. That and if you really struggle through a level it feels really good whenever you finally complete it. Not to mention the overall feel of the game, the art is extremely clean and fits the subject matter very well, not to mention the music. The music is amaizingly well done. Overall This game is really frickin' good! 10/10 - ""It's pretty good."""
,Recommended,394970,22260179,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Smitty,"Good mustic, challenging. just enough plot to keep you going.great way to spend a day."
76561198104023272,Recommended,394970,22258403,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ZippyDippy,I love this game. 10/10One thing I think should be better is the workshop maps they do take a while to register but still works. Also you guys should add a item creator so we (the community) can give you weapon ideas to implement fully into the game
76561197981617375,Recommended,394970,22258766,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Rivity,The only game where you can make a vampire explode through the toilet
,Recommended,394970,22309860,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Lucky Shadow,"This game basically did what SUPERHOT should have done with it's disconnected story and addictive gameplay: Make the former told almost entirely through implications from brief exchanges with your employer and optional cassette tapes, and allow you to go almost straight from mission to mission if you want.Not to say the story should be ignored; it's actually quite interesting and thought-provoking, but when I'm getting my addictive gameplay high from the frustratingly challenging combat, I don't really give a crap about where the zombies are getting their sparkly meth.I kind of passed over this, so I should re-state it to avoid confusion: this game can be HARD. There's 30 levels, all of which are fairly small, and it took me around 6 hours to beat it on my first runthrough. Still, it's immensely satisfying to be good at it. Plus, if you get too annoyed, just knock on a door and greet the poor jerk that answers it with a shotgun blast up his nose. Endlessly cathartic, that is."
,Recommended,394970,22311622,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,M33KS,Amazing
76561198241754270,Recommended,394970,22171036,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Chara (TeamHoovy),Great game! Has a nice Hitman/Assasin's creed feel with it's own twist. I plan on playing much more!
,Recommended,394970,22171059,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Spookas,Deadbolt is a Super Fun Really Hard Amazing side scrolling Hotline Miami inspired Stealth Game. Really I have no good way to describe this game other then Add funds to your steam wallet buy it and play it! I'm glad to see Hoppo Games has returned with a game that is possibly better than Risk of Rain
76561198030560317,Recommended,394970,22126585,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Nagasadri,"The game looks and sounds insanely good.It's also very hard. In both good and bad ways.If you don't think everything through, you won't make any progress, but even if you do, you will still have to die and retry a lot.AI behaviors are pretty solid, but sometimes they are unpredictible to the point where you find a way to almost complete a level, die, retry doing the exact same sequence but die again much earlier because some bot will do something it didn't do earlier for no apparent reason. This makes the game unnecessarily frustrating, because even when you get the perfect plan, you'll still have to go through 3-4 attempts at doing the exact same thing at the exact same time (sometimes frame-perfect) before it works the way it should.The difficulty makes victories feel rewarding, but slightly not enough given the effort going through the most unfair levels. sometimes, i feel more stressed out than victorious after finishing a level.I still recommend the game, because i never get bored of replaying my favorite levels in which i can feel the tremendous amount of polish that went into them, and the soundtrack that goes with them.One last thing, the controls are messy. You WILL die picking up weapons instead of closing doors because both actions are bound to the same button. It's a shame such easily fixed shortcomings stain this overall worthwile game.If you're not afraid of rewarding but borderline unfair difficulty, get this game.If you ARE afraid of unfair and punishing deaths, at least get the soundtrack. It's just amazing."
76561198093926643,Recommended,394970,22160729,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,rawpoptart,"I bought Risk of Rain on a whim forever ago and I loved that game. I bought Deadbolt on a whim and loved it even more,This game is great and challenging and overall superb.Soundtrack-top notch, not to much but its catchy and the sound desing is great. If theres a speaker on the other side of a door it will sound muffled until its opened.Visual-2D sidescrolling with a pretty neat-o art style.  Every time you shoot someone pleanty of gore is left behind on the wall that can eventally get gruesome if you kill enemys in the same spotGameplay- You feel like the Reaper himself (once you learn how the controls work). The skill curve can be deep at first but once you get the hang of it youll be killing undead left and right. Honestly best gameplay Ive seen in years.Story-This part is weird becuase its almost like a noir mystery but even once you beat the game and find a secret there is still a lot of unanwsered questions. Very intresting to say the leastCan not praise this game enough. Seriously its only 10$ and you can easily spend more hours than dollars on this game so its more than worth the buy even if your low on a budget.Cant wait for a follow up!"
,Recommended,394970,22156794,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Clever Fox,The Hotline Miami of Halloween Fantasy with more replayability
,Recommended,394970,22158405,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,StefanFrost,"Awesome game. Very well done! I would have liked more content, but let's hope a patch solves that. :D8/10"
,Recommended,394970,22154827,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,veryhappyturtle,This has to be my favorite game of all time.
,Recommended,394970,22031897,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Thats Comet,This game is one of the best ideas ive seen for a game nice thinking also best features and alot of detailed maps for early access defintely recomending the 10.00 it is to buy this wonder of a game!
,Recommended,394970,22077133,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ScissorMercer,Perfect game for a player who wants to have qiuck killing and sneaking experience.
76561198133343586,Recommended,394970,22009350,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,grayhood,great but difficult game and if you like hotline miami-like games you will LOVE this one
,Recommended,394970,21990009,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Cloudbreath9,"Tough game, but fun and rewarding. Never felt too frustrating."
,Recommended,394970,22013913,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ringfinger Leonhard,"9/10Amazing game, good story, great music, great gameplay. I highly recommend this game if your a fan of Hotline Miami / Gunpoint.Only two problems I have with the game are, I felt the story and world could have been more fleshed out. and there are a good amount of bugs. The worst part of the bugs is that sometimes they're so bad it makes it impossible to complete the level."
,Recommended,394970,22054752,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Iron Butt Clench,"Fun and challenging indie game.  Has some replayability with community made maps, plus the story is pretty good and the soundtrack is awesome."
,Recommended,394970,22054834,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Actually Dustrat,"hoooly♥♥♥♥♥♥this game's harsh at times, but definitely a lot of fun. Basically hotline miami but a bit slower, which is perfect for geezers like me"
76561198119406568,Recommended,394970,22051948,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,rubiyaat,"If Hotline Miami and Mark of the Ninja had a child, it would be Deadbolt, and his parents would have every right to be proud of him.Deadbolt is an utterly slick experience, a pure slice of raw videogame joy. Every level introduces a fresh twist on the formula; another puzzle piece for you to unpick however you want.Brutal and beautiful in equal measure. Buy it."
76561198152889230,Recommended,394970,22092145,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Severin boi,"Great game 8/9 m8,"
,Recommended,394970,22093014,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Real Poppy,IGN - 10/10.  Got to kill Spooky Scary Skeletons that send shivers down my spine.
,Recommended,394970,22058194,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"Cargøn, lord of file cabinets","Deadbolt is a pretty solid game. For the asking price of 10 bucks, it provides around 5-6 hours (depending on skill level/how much you ♥♥♥♥ around) of strategy-action gaming. It'd be an easy comparison to call it hotline miami 3, but in reality the amount of strategy and routine while akin to miami is not as easily remedied by going in guns a' blazin'. Admittedly the game does at one point basically ask you to ♥♥♥♥ up an entire room of things'♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it was about the only time. A few of the levels are pretty disposable, but with added content from the workshop and hopefully the developers themselves eventually, it evens out. I'd definetly call it a must for anyone who wants a quick burst of stealth-action in their lives and more than a few dead skeletons and uncomfortable vampire-inspired feelings. Plus, Hoopo really deserve your money, those boys make quality games.8/10"
76561198130255396,Recommended,394970,22076693,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DudeWithAName,"This game, this game guys is unbelievable. I started to doubt if this game was worth it in the early stages, but as it unfolded, I loved it. The soundtrack is 10/10 stellar, and the strategy and game mechanics are awesome. You will have a lot of fun with this game as you think out how to beat the levels. The story left me with one of those feelings you cant explain, but its good and left me wanting more, a lot more, and it really comes together at the end. At the end of the day, pick up this game, for just 10 bucks and have a 10 or more hour blast... as the Reaper."
76561197996004246,Recommended,394970,21916775,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,chikichaka,"Wow This game is amzing. There are some reasons that I recommend this game.First, shooting and melee fight mechanism are quite solid. I feel diffrent feeling every weapon. Some weapones have a delay shot. or quickly response my attack. It is so pleasure.Second, Game design is beatiful.  There are various ways to finish every stages. At first, you will be hard to get the stage, but suddenly you can notice how to deal with this problem. I think that best way to finish stage is attract-kill strategy. Open the door, hide, wait and kill.Third, Custom map. Even though you fnish the hard mode, you can enjoy tons of custom map and making your own map.I really recommend this game. In my case, it is most enjoyable game since I played Commandos series.Get this game and grab the gun."
,Recommended,394970,21914210,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,| Holos,"Goddam this game is awnsome!The gameplay is so neat,levels are fun and the look of this game is so tasteful!10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,394970,21906236,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Willem Default,"One of the best 2D action platformers I've played. If you liked Gunpoint, NOT A HERO, or Hotline Miami, then you'll love this.The game, for what it is, looks great. The animations are great and smooth. The gameplay works very well; the gunplay is fun and the cover system is similar but not identical to NOT A HERO. The story [which I have not fully completed yet] is similar in depth to Hotline Miami, and the missions progess it well. The sound effects and music are also really well done, and pair nicely with the graphics in creating a cool atmosphere. One particular mission, which is set at a nightclub, is particularly well done and has the badass-ness of John Wick in The Red Circle.One thing I will say is that the game is challenging and unforgiving, which I see as a plus but casual players may find frustrating. You will die, and it will start the whole level again. In this regard it is very similar to Hotline Miami, and may leave you raging after you make a stupid mistake during a good run through a level. However, as much as you'll rage, you'll want to come back and complete that mission. ""If I can just kill that guy first/If I can just lure that guy to the next floor/If I can just shoot that prick at just the right angle to blow his head off then I can do this!"".Overall, I heartily recommend this game. It's not expensive (£6.99 is a fair price, for sure), and it will give you a lot of enjoyment. Trying to perfect a mission will add to the replayability, as will purchasing different weapons to try a run-through with a different tac. If you think you might like this game, then definitely go for it."
,Recommended,394970,21912637,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,The Commissar,Hey thats pretty good.
,Recommended,394970,21910735,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Messy_Cat,Shade please...
,Recommended,394970,22001842,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,5Charles - Expert en Mouchage,One of the best game on the market.10/10
,Recommended,394970,21987181,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,spookinoxxxxy,"A pretty damn fantastic game.buuuut the mission ""Forced Conservation"" makes me want to rip my own testicles out with a broken bottle because of how difficuilt it is10/10"
76561198229007956,Recommended,394970,21981053,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Kernal Sanders,the game is great tou should get it! :) (sorry the review is not great it is my first review i have ever writen)
,Recommended,394970,21992257,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Zampanò,"While Deadbolt is a followup to the incredible Risk of Rain, the two have very little in common.  Anyone going into this expecting another RoR style of game will be dissapointed by what is more like a twitch puzzler, rather than a permadeath 2D shooter.Deadbolt features three interconnected acts, each with their own signature enemy types.  First you have the zombies, followed by the vamps, then the skeles, and finally the demons.  Each type has individual subtypes, and each get mixed amonst each other over the various levels (25 IIRC).My first playthrough of the game has taken me approximate 8 hours,  most of which was spent on the second act of the game (with a single timed mission holding me back for a little while).  Beating the game opened up a hardmode, which I assume mixes up enemy placement, etc.  Each level is also rated, giving replayability to those looking to 5 Star every mission.Getting 5 stars is very obtuse.  Passing a mission without dying a single time may only net you two stars, even if you were quick.  I haven't quite figured out exactly WHAT goes into the star ratings, but it is some combination of deaths, time, TYPES of kills, etc.  A breakdown of what is making up my rank might be a helpful addition to motivate me into replaying the game for perfect scores.Many of the weapon upgrades (default weapons you can purchase and find in the trunk of your car) are (for the most part) lack luster, and don't seem to give much variety.  This isn't really a problem, but I would have liked some more unique items (outside of the scythe) which changed up gameplay.I was quite fond of the soundtrack and audio mixing; even if the score was less of an earworm than Risk of Rains OST.  The music fit the tone of the game wonderfully.  The art style is muted and understated, helping with the noir setting.The story is straightforward, but interesting enough to motivate you through the later half of the game.Those who enjoyed the sneaking and lightswitching of Gunpoint, but also enjoy the hair trigger action of Hotline Miami will find a game they can sink their teeth into (for at least 8 hours).  I likely will not replay the story mode, but I do look forward to the user created levels which can be generated with the included level editor.Additional information - those who wish to run the game on Linux can use PLayOnLinux/Wine as a workaround.  The game runs flawlessly for me under Debian Jessie."
76561198138681230,Recommended,394970,21992782,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Zelxios,"youtu.be/C5pDnNjkGQI?aThis is by far one of the best games I've picked up this year and i had no idea of its existence, bought it when it came out just one a whim and glad that i did. So what is Deadbolt? its a stealth shooter that's at the core plays more like a puzzle game. Your objective in most of the missions is to kill all the undead and that can be done either stealthily or just walk in and cause havoc. Most people reference this to Gunpoint and Hotline Miami where as I see more of a Splinter Cell feel to it for the fact that missions can be completed in any way, also did I mention this game is very difficult? Though it is a short game you can put in about 8 hours on the first try of completing the game and thats just on the normal difficulty and without completing all the achievements that are challenges added on to the overall difficulty. On Hard Mode you can add about another 10 hours.Not only is the game amazing but the soundtrack as well also done by the same artist who did the previous Hopoo games which you can buy on bandcamp.not to mention that it has a level editor so the game could last much longer with community involvement through the workshop. So in all i highly recommend this game if your looking for a challenge that so many games these days do lack."
76561198168692730,Recommended,394970,22195345,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,nice2meatyou,AWESOME!
76561198228135344,Recommended,394970,22212090,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Fractal Form,"Difficult and challenging. Also Hard, Brutal, fun."
76561198056071497,Recommended,394970,21958853,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ee_327,Had to Alt-Enter to fix some of the user interface problems I was having but this game. Lemme tell you. THIS GAME RIGHT HERE ♥♥♥♥♥... Is addicting and tactical as ♥♥♥♥ with an awesome atmosphere and story elements
76561198079152677,Recommended,394970,22228107,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Laura Palmer,"Beautiful design, fun and challenging, the music is amazing and really sells the setting in a huge way. Top game."
,Recommended,394970,22219528,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Frank,"This game will give you so many dishonored vibes.But GUNS.Dishonored with MORE GUNS, basically.And 2dand everything oneshots you.+cool gameplay+cool soundtrack+cool art+lotz of weapunzand-The gun that i liked most in the game, the Bolt-Action rifle, can be found 3 tim-THERE IS A LEVEL EDITOR!worth the 10 bucks"
76561198196710502,Recommended,394970,22221212,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mr Ditkovich,Good game
,Recommended,394970,22200880,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,William,"Played it, had very much fun with it, it ended, I was very sad"
,Recommended,394970,22110139,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Malice The Freak,"Ive been with Deadbolt for a couple of years now, still have the download from when it only had like 4 levels, and one wasnt finished. I'm so happy to see how it's evolved and that its on steam. If you ask me $10 is the perfect amount for what this has to offer. Personally id like to see throwing stars as a secondary choice one day. but other than that, there are no complaints. this is a perfect 10/10."
76561198145674841,Recommended,394970,22178773,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dudley [SuperiorServers.Co],Hey guys how do u use the sniper support
,Recommended,394970,22167135,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,95' Leo,"This is a very good game that has interesting and challening levels with a great soundtrack.But one problem i have noticed is that having cover, activating buttons and picking up weapons all the same button lead to some annoying deathes.I most definitly recommend this game.Some Gameplay if you need more convincing.http:// https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7gGtU4kzJY"
76561198113138211,Recommended,394970,22189636,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,johanlk,"best game, very challenging and fun, the only down side is that you cant download its amazing music"
76561198142605158,Recommended,394970,22186662,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Guardian Of The Gnomes,"Deadbolt is a game that requires skill, quick thinking and... Traveling through and killing people when they're on the toilet?"
,Recommended,394970,21933197,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Virtuous,Fantastic! Not only does it require you to think and react to new mechanics. It requires a lot of skill aswell.
76561198168090968,Recommended,394970,21942977,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Yautja,AWSOME GAME ..
,Recommended,394970,21939234,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Young Nastyman,GGWP
,Recommended,394970,21937265,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,corinthian,Buy it for the music.  Then realize you've also got a kickass game for $10.  Play game. Have fun.
76561198166761507,Recommended,394970,21970198,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,HAWK3y3s,A must playgame has alot of potential..alot of fun for a 2d strategy
,Recommended,394970,21860925,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Acid-Seltzer,"This game made sent me into a migraine inducing, blood boiling, life expecatancy shortening rage, the likes of which I haven't experienced since I played the later levels of Hotline Miami 2. Each level in this game feels like an immpossible task to complete for me. ""Forced Conversion"", in particular, is a level which I will remember for a while, both for it's horrific level of difficulty, and the headache it gave me.However, something has made me stick with this sadistic, gut punching devil child of a game. I honestly couldn't explain to you what it is that made me play this game until I it gave me a migraine, but this game captivates  me in a way that other, less ball blisteringly difficult games haven't, and I honestly can't communicate why. You must try this for yourself, but for the love of god, try not to damage your brain like I did."
,Recommended,394970,21966554,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Bubup,"after i get used to controls, i really liked it. this game is cool as hotline miami."
76561198148980748,Recommended,394970,21950143,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Serabt,"So much fun. My boss is a fire, my enemies are undead, I've got a variety of weapons and the difficulty makes me agonize. Very fun.Also, always trust the hammer!"
,Recommended,394970,21950250,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Taf79,Lots of fun.it reminds me of Hotline Miami but with a side-scroller twist to it.10/10
,Recommended,394970,21960469,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Iggy Nai Jiggah,amazing
,Recommended,394970,21959705,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Meeko,"Great game.Good mechanics.Thought the game was over quickly at the end of the first level tree, then more trees appeared.Would love to see DLC/extra level packs.8/10."
,Recommended,394970,21956749,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,M3MEZ,10/10 IGN i would kill a zombie
,Recommended,394970,21978333,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BestNasusAfrica,The game has an unique atmosphere and an enticing challenge to it.
,Recommended,394970,21958688,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ace,"Short and leaves you wanting in more ways than one, but while it lasts Deadbolt is a top notch stealth game with a phenomeal soundtrack, amazing level design, and fantastic artworork."
,Recommended,394970,21955154,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,lil uzi,"saved up and bought the scythe, expecting it to be OP because it cost twice as much as any gungot shot because the other guys had guns and i didnt10/10 realism dont bring a scythe to a gunfight"
,Recommended,394970,21954618,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Stickmakerman,"Great game, I am spooky bones and I get to kill other spooks and haunts.Seriously though, I think the stealth is well done, it's a fun game so far. My only gripe is that sometimes headshots aren't registered as headshots so I end up spending more shots than needed to kill an enemy.If you like stealth games and want a challenging game, get this."
,Recommended,394970,21957078,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SnarkyTree,"Almost every level gave me a huge hit of gratification after completing it. All the enemies in the game had similar archetypes but they all varied enough to make you question how you approached any given situation. The weapons at your disposal where very very fun to use, they all had something special to bring to the table that let you consider how you wanted to play. to be honest after I smack that Post Review button I'm just gonna go play some more haha"
,Recommended,394970,21957525,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,HeyJesseAe,I found this game ages ago on the artist's Tumblr. It is a good way to spend a few hours. Think Hotline Miami meets Risk of Rain.
76561198157632879,Recommended,394970,21953478,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,vladimir.slepnev,"Incredible game. Just finished it in 10 hours.The good:- Unique atmosphere of ""undead noir"". The art, music and writing all hit the right notes.- The story is not a letdown like in most games. It starts well, develops well and ends well.- The levels don't get repetitive. The devs keep throwing new things into the mix until the end.- That sniper level! Worth buying the whole game just for that.The bad:- While most levels allow a wide variety of approaches, a couple of them fall short. In particular, one of the levels has a time limit, and another one can't be beaten with just melee. Both occur about halfway through the game, and thankfully it gets better afterward. Hint: in the timed level you can just wait in the vents until the time runs out.- Buying weapons isn't very useful. You'll only get enough money in the entire game to buy two or three good weapons, and some of the coolest ones can't be bought at all, you can only use them in a couple levels where they spawn.- Stairway camping is a bit OP. You can quickly aggro some enemies, slip through a stairway, and pick them off with melee as they emerge one by one. Maybe the devs should make it slower, IMO it should be at least as slow as moving through vents.- Apparently thrown melee weapons were OP, and the devs fixed it by not allowing you to retrieve them. If you have a knife, you can only throw it once. It's not gamebreaking but it's a bit weird.Overall, many cheers to Hopoo for making another amazing game! Though the story campaign was quite substantial and challenging, now it feels to me like it's only an introduction to the game's palette. There's even more fun to be had in hard mode and in user-made levels, so that's where I'm heading next :-)"
76561198044210194,Recommended,394970,25314721,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Rickle Pick,love it just stuck on a level >:[
,Recommended,394970,25326770,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Burnthecake,Deadbolt is a fantastic and cheap action game with quuite a bit of replayability.
76561198086978946,Recommended,394970,25295034,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Dany_Gabriel,"Well, heres what I think of DEADBOLTI've decided from this point forward that games like DEADBOLT and RONIN and other similar titles in terms of gameplay, will now be called ""Side-Shooters"" for me. Just a note.DEADBOLT in the nice list of side shooters is enjoyable to say the least. As it says, its a side schroller shoot-em-up with a sort of ""One shot kills all"" take like from Hotline Miami or other games with a similar death system. Of course though the game itself is enjoyable. Unlike my previously reviewed RONIN, it actually has story and meat in it besides gameplay. Sure it seems simple, but it does turn into a thinking mans game on the later levels as you progress. Often enough though you do die a lot, but it isn't soul crushingly hard unless you try to rush it.The story follows you, a ""Reaper"" who must help his clan, the Candles, stop the undead from doing what they shouldn't be. Though it goes much deeper than that, I wont get into it. Other than the fireplace giving information about the world depending what you click on the dialogue box, there are some cassette tapes that pop in and out occationally, which hold more story. Though you'd have to be ready to read a lot cause these things dont really have voices.Music is okay. Its certainly more entertaining than RONINS overly repetitive soundtrack, but sometimes it seems to replay other tracks. Now I'm not saying ""MAKE GAMES MUSIC AS VARIED AS HOTLINE MIAMI 2"", but it does feel only a smidgen repetitive. But on the bright side of it, its nice to listen to.Then theres the custom maps which gives this game a nice flavor in replayability, but it depends how much you enjoy playing it. You'll either come out of it feeling good or a bit frustrated. It just depends on the person you are to this game.All and all, this was a nicely made game that I would certainly recommend if you're lookin for something fun. Though play this game in small bursts. Maybe about 3 or 4 missions per session is what I would recommend. And this is where RONIN should take notes. Keep the story in the game, and not in some delux addition."
,Recommended,394970,21875730,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bimblewort,"This is my first review, but I think this game deserves it.My first run-through of the game took about 5 hours total, and was pretty challenging almost the entire way through.There are three sections to the game, with different major types of enemies in each, and all have their own sub-types within them. Without spoiling anything at all, I will say that the first and third sections of the game were considerably more fun and engaging than the middle.The graphics are obviously not everybody's cup of tea, but in my opinion fit perfectly. The gore looks fantastic in every level, and only in the end game missions did it begin to bug in the slightest.There weren't too many crashes, only two happening in my entire time with the game so far.Pacing of the levels, as I said before, was fantastic in the first and third chapters, and got a little rough in chapter 2.Music was amazing, and better than Risk of Rain's in my opinion.Game was fairly short, though, only taking 5 hours for the full game, but hard mode is proving to be an incredible challenge.TL;DR- Game is $10. 5 Hours of gameplay. Even more on hard mode. Fantastic visuals and music. Definite Recommendation."
,Recommended,394970,21876013,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ec8er,Suppressed shotgun is my raifu.
,Recommended,394970,21875300,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,♛Kill3Rcs♛,A good game you can play .
76561198119597197,Recommended,394970,21897397,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MedicinalDank,A very difficult game where you take the role of death himself who goes to houses and kills targets. The game has a variety of enviroments and enemies that manage to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off in different ways. There is apparently about 5 hours of main gameplay but you can also download or make your own maps using the workshop which is nice. I havent experienced any glitches or bugs that broke the game. This plays alittle like hotline miami but is more of a platformer and using other game mechanics that make it unique. I would reccommend this game to anyone who wants a challenge and doesnt mind pixelated graphics.
,Recommended,394970,21897782,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Melexiious,"Been following the development of this game since the ol' summoning skeletons to kill pesant days.It's hard, and challenging. A bit cheap at times and it's mechanically a gamemaker game, but in the end it's still a fantastic game worthy of it's current praise."
,Recommended,394970,21860073,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,IC | Bambi,"Its sort of like Gunpoint looks, with Hotline Miama quick action and punishement were if you miss, you are ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,394970,21909706,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,AutisticStoneColdSteveAutism,"Game's fun, but there are way too many issues with responsiveness and visuals. It's infuriating to knock on doors, never get the question mark, and then get killed because a core mechanic randomly fails. It's frustrating that I have to hold, not just tap, space to actually change weapons. And it's downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I hit foes with the sledgehammer only for them to murder me when I'm in the end lag. It's annoying when two AI's pathing breaks and they literally walk together in a way they aren't even supposed to. It's really really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying when you go through a vent into a dark room, and get shot from off screen because the AI glitched out and violated multiple scripted behaviors. I really love the gameplay, and the idea, but It's REALLY hard to recommend, as these issues are frequent, major, and honestly, make up the majority of this game's difficulty, making it actually feel artificial. All this being said, I still recommend the game, but only if you don't have a hot head, or don't mind a game who's mechanics ♥♥♥♥ it up just as much as they make it great."
76561198267716397,Recommended,394970,21930360,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,i have my motives,So fun but its kinda hard but the hardness makes it soooo good.  ps its not so hard like 7/10 hardness10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,394970,21938586,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Omar,"DEADBOLT is a 2D shooter from the same dev of Risk of Rain, one of the best indie game of 2013.It has slimier in gameplay as Hotline Miami. Unlike Hotline Miami it gives the player many options to complete any missions. It took me 10 hours to complete the game.  I am now on hard mode and don’t forget about the Steam workshop.The game has amazing style in both graphics and music.I highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,394970,21936598,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Cargo Commando,"DEADBOLT......You should DEADBOLT the door, cuz the grim reapers commin' to shoot ya in the mouth!9.998437254333908/10"
,Recommended,394970,21947381,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Reapers (and) Blues,Challenging gameplay that requires quick thinking. Varied weapons and intelligent level design allow for varied approaches on each level. Engaging soundtrack that warrants a standalone listen. Another quality release from Hopoo!
,Recommended,394970,21946321,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Masami,"Say goodbye to your family before buying this game, it's too addictive9.9/10"
76561197965459386,Recommended,394970,21946413,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,abckipsate,"finished in 6~ hours, but +1"
,Recommended,394970,25219025,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GODDAMN ISLANDER!,"Simply a mastapiece: This game has it all, every level feels different, A complete overhaul filled with unique enemies constantly adding new ones to make you have to totally rethink your strategy with specialized levels that have basically mini boss battles. (Basically One of the enemies is either stronger or attacks in a unique way making them standout from the common riff raff of the undead skeletons,zombies,vampires,demons etc.) but it never fails to satisfy meThe Game offers a frustrating experience at some points I'll admit trying a strategy over and over again knowing it will work if you can just get that damn timing right just to have the game poke fun at you by saying if you are constantly dying maybe rethink your strat or Don't get angry you'll become more wreckless take a break, regroup, and try again later.IN ALL HONESTY THOUGH BUY THIS GAME PLUS IF YOU LIKE GUNPOINT YOU WILL DEFIENTLY LOVE THIS GAMEMini Spoiler theres even a level that kind of reminds me of the mechanics of Gunpoint #TimurTheTinkerer10/10 WOULD Gladly replay anytime!"
76561197995207418,Recommended,394970,26983509,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Jackal,"A really entertaining, challenging game. Sometimes frustrating in its difficulty, but it's a lot of fun and the writing is great."
,Recommended,394970,25819513,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,entoxicated mac-n-cheese,"i just finished the game this is what was good: EVERYTHING. the music, the pixelart, the gameplay, the plot and concept, everything is just beautifly done and i DEFINITLY recomend this one and i hope they still have the balls to make a sequel... or prequel-sequel depending on what you wanna do with the character 'cause what i felt when i finished the game...ain't normal, in a good way of course"
76561198000276044,Recommended,394970,26765154,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,neb789,Fantastic game - If you liked Party Hard this is much the same with it's focus on ingenuity and brutality!
,Recommended,394970,26931505,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wurielle,A perfect gem.
,Recommended,394970,26929359,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beetledjuice,I am so addicted to this. And the dat soundtrack... Goddamn this is beautiful!
,Recommended,394970,26787263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,the guy,"good game, nominated for whoaaaaaaaaaa dude award"
,Recommended,394970,27028942,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chairman Mow,Really fun and exciting game. Similar to hotline miami but with the undead.
,Recommended,394970,26061333,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,grind,"If Hotline Miami had a darker more sadistic cousin it'd be this game.I say buy it. If you're a fan of the ""die until you learn"" or ""trial and error"" mentality then you'll love this. The game is very challening, but wit will awlays win. Or dumb luck. It took me about 2.5 hours to complete. It wasn't super hard for me personally; although, some sections did kill me many many times.It's a fun time and if you loved Hotline Miami then this is right up your alley and it is a must buy.Also the soundtrack is just... jesus it's good."
,Recommended,394970,25991906,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Ark_Ten,"Challenging, diverse, original, action-packed, polished, optimized, 10/10.DEADBOLT is a death themed game, as you play the reaper himself. Expect around 10 hours of gameplay on normal difficulty, but believe me when I say, it is well worth the price. The animation and pixel art is gorgeous, the music and sound work is fantastic, the plot and lore captivating and every level has something new and fresh to offer the players.Hopoo Games has left me with profound admiration with their first game ""Risk of Rain"" and they pushed this even further with their second title DEADBOLT. Thank you guys for this gem!"
,Recommended,394970,25995324,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,o4zloiroman,"Gritty combination of Gunpoint and Hotline Miami made by creator of Risk of Rain. 3 cult indie names this time speak for themselves. If you like any of the games mentioned above, you will love this one too. Probably."
76561198203407209,Recommended,394970,21943415,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Samael,"Ten dollars is a ridiculous steal for a game this good, which is basically Hotline Miami if you replaced the frantic recklessness with carefully planned stealth, the 80s neon with an urban gothic aesthetic, and the electronic synthwave with jazzy blues. There's not a single bad level here. Deadbolt is honestly perfect.Well, except for being incredibly glitchy when starting up custom levels. But other than THAT, Deadbolt may very well be my game of the year."
,Recommended,394970,25613446,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Beef from the 60's,10/10 Would buy again.
,Recommended,394970,25603369,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ZiggityZeke,"If you like Hotline Miami or Gunpoint, this is the game for you! It's pretty goddamn good."
76561198160608974,Recommended,394970,25588170,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Bloody Scumbag,Hotline Miami 3: The Reaper
76561198012120582,Recommended,394970,25873933,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,RaveDigger,"A 2D strategy shooter with the one-hit-death difficulty of Hotline Miami but without the top-down perspective. Fun if you like challenges that involve quick reflexes. Great soundtrack and esoteric lore, too."
,Recommended,394970,25894232,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Avocado Soldier,Brilliant iteration on the Hotline Miami formula
,Recommended,394970,25958927,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mad Scientist,"Amazing game for its value. I just wish it had a bigger workshop community, custom levels are great!"
76561197971232254,Recommended,394970,26093527,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Commander Keen,"Fantastic twitchy gameplay, amazing soundtrack. DEADBOLT is an excellent way to enjoy and afternoon."
76561198104655767,Recommended,394970,27533983,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yang,"I played this game when there was only four levels, and came back for more. That was a great choice. This is an excellent game, and after you complete the story, there is hundreds of fan made levels you can play, that are even more challenging than the story. You can even make your own!"
,Recommended,394970,27749400,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shiga,I've been waiting for this game to come on steam for a long long time and I bought it as soon as I saw it here with no hesitation
76561198265968889,Recommended,394970,27627147,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Operson,I really like this game. But its a shame that its so short.
76561198103432286,Recommended,394970,27671065,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KilpiPetteri,"Hard, addicting, fun, cool, gory are just some words for this game. The gameplay is really enjoyable and the setting of the game is something new and cool. If you're looking for a difficult game with a nice setting I highly reccomend you checking the game out."
,Recommended,394970,27698556,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,efefe48,This game is very good if you like stealth action games or you enjoy listening to a REALLY REALLY GREAT GOOD AMAZING 10/10 SOUNDTRACK
76561198139356922,Recommended,394970,30950756,Posted: 4 April,all,Major Spooky Skull,great game great art best sound track and fav game
76561198036822680,Recommended,394970,27585397,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JOHNDOE(1),"DEADBOLT is a bit like a puzzle game but with guns, knives and quick reflexes... AND IT IS REALLY HARD.A great game for the perfectionist and people who just love carefully planning and executing"
,Recommended,394970,27703926,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Robin.,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game, mate.10/10 for sure."
,Recommended,394970,27890603,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Charles Le Sorcier,Short but very very sweet. I was caught off guard by the level of challenge this game offers.
,Recommended,394970,27896811,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Trilogy_Soldier,"Please, do yourself a favor and play this awesome game! Even if you don't like 2D shooters, there are a lot of things to enjoy like music, sound design and atmosphere!"
,Recommended,394970,27896860,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eieboe,It's like those top down shooter flash games but a sidecroller
76561198116145227,Recommended,394970,27356596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Michael Baker,"Had heard people describing it as Hotline Miami meets Gunpoint, and that's probably the best way of putting it. Really solid pixel art, gameplay, story, and the music is <3 <3 <3Honestly pick it up at full price, fantastic game"
76561198114575758,Recommended,394970,27358584,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xM4J3ST1CFOXx,"This game has a verycool art style to it, and the puzzles each level has is always unique. I love this game, and you should too."
,Recommended,394970,27093274,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SYKO,10/5would buy 9 times over.
76561198055874238,Recommended,394970,27070926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stalber More Like Free Win,"The soundtrack alone makes this game worth while, but the gameplay is also stellar with a mark of the ninja crossed with gunpoint vibe. Massive congrats to Hopoo and Chris for an excellent game and OST"
76561198066063352,Recommended,394970,27071536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ryanator97,Amazing game. An excellent blend of stealth and action.
,Recommended,394970,27022936,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lancer,"A wonderful tactical stealth-action game with perhaps the best soundtrack I've ever heard, it's a well-tuned game from start to finish of just the right length and difficulty curve."
,Recommended,394970,27051821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vrah,This is the first game i've ever bought on day one at full price.I do not regret that decision. It is a very good game.
,Recommended,394970,27009002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mecha-Fetus,"If you enjoyed risk of rain, then... you will be surprised by this game?It isn't a rogue like, but the atmosphere, animations, music and wicked tight punishing gameplay will leave you wanting more. Despite the game being 8 hours (or less if you're really good), there is a hardmode and a level editor, where a level is uploaded once a week."
76561198035969480,Recommended,394970,27028075,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spooky Spookswater,A superb little game about being the best at killing
76561198061030993,Recommended,394970,27319251,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GhostInTheEva,"Enjoyable game which strikes a balance between the visual aesthetic and puzzle layout of Gunpoint with the ultral-violence of Hotline Miami.The story is straight forward and additional information can be gained from tapes retrieved from certain corpses.The weapons you can purchase with souls allow the missions to be played differently (Melee, silenced weaponry, rock n roll), the ranking system offers and additional challenge if that interests you."
,Recommended,394970,24226280,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Primal_Ace,crazy fun and addictive! this game is madnees!!
76561198124209367,Recommended,394970,24922987,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Wrath,"Love the game. Hopoo did a great job with the level building and the plot, though hard to find lore for, is amazing. deadbolt takes alot of time and effort, especialy if you dont usualy play games like this. im not going to lie i rage quit a few times but it is all worth it when you finaly beat the level. i would realy love to see a DEADBOLT 2, but in the meantime im going to have to try for those impossible acheivements.10/10"
,Recommended,394970,31273574,Posted: 21 April,all,blackmiaool,I like this game. I want the next product of you!
,Recommended,394970,31310351,Posted: 22 April,all,Zef Bug,"Honestly, one of the best indie games I have ever played. I remember playing it before it was released on steam and it was a great time. Although there is no co op its a very compelling solo game very similar to Hot Line Miami almost. The workshop has a wide variety of player created content and its all fairly good. All worth the money."
76561198053849263,Recommended,394970,31262842,Posted: 20 April,all,DanteKisaragi,"Great stealth game! Watched John Wick then suddenly want some stealth game which does want you to kill the enemy instead of knock them out. Totally 27 stages, sniping stage is designed very well in the 2D way, really felt being hunted by a sniper. Surpressed weapons are too weak to use, takes too many shots to kill, but the ammo is limited...Synth is cool, love using it!"
,Recommended,394970,31216904,Posted: 18 April,all,kaczynski,"a fun, challenging game which is quite similar to gunpoint"
,Recommended,394970,31250063,Posted: 19 April,all,R1ck21,Awesome.
,Recommended,394970,31246625,Posted: 19 April,all,Dank McMemes,"very good game. definitely worth the price.you get tons of hours of fun and a decent storyline. the game seems very chill at the beginning, but gets intense and rage inducing by the end of the 1st part. its is amazing, has a great soundtrach, and great gameplay. 10/10 would play again and recommend ign."
76561198321641882,Recommended,394970,32846458,Posted: 27 June,all,GREAT,What I like about this game is the atmosphere. It has that unique indie-feeling that you always want to feelControl and the story is also lovely.I would recommend it to anyone who avoids main-stream shooting genre because of its complexity.It's simple and yet adorable.
76561198278159737,Recommended,394970,32848471,Posted: 27 June,all,Speedy,I love this game it is one of my favourite. Really unique gameplay and a really interesting story fantastic soundtrack that I listen to all the time and amazing levels I love this game and definitely recommend it a amazing game I highly recommend it. 10/10
76561198177601814,Recommended,394970,32902787,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr Maniac,"I grim reaper, have fully aromatic shotgun. Get killed by sexy vampire with knife. GG."
,Recommended,394970,32932122,Posted: 28 June,all,Nuln Oil,It's good. Every level is a complex and unforgiving puzzle. You could probably get a lot of fun out of designing your own levels and playing cutom made ones if you like that sort of thing.
76561198276591474,Recommended,394970,32951593,Posted: 28 June,all,JS-Garrison,"A very good game; DEADBOLT is harder than it would appear at face value.This mainly appealed to me from playing Gunpoint, and it's similar in style, though the systems differ greatly.DEADBOLT is about killing the undead. You get a decent selection of weapons (The weapon selection screen reminds me of Hitman 2: Silent Assassin), and are unleased upon multistory 2D buildings.Just the kind of game I was looking for."
76561198052722450,Recommended,394970,32959889,Posted: 28 June,all,Bravecamel,very nice
76561198195200166,Recommended,394970,33091404,Posted: 1 July,all,PootieTang,i dont know how to change weapon i bought them but it wont let me use them....besides that this game duh♥♥♥♥♥♥b
76561198095793256,Recommended,394970,30482829,Posted: 12 March,all,Hitchhiking.png,"This game, the art style, the story/lore, the music (the soundtrack is absolute fire), it's all so incredible and it leaves you so content with everything. At just 10 dollars it is an absolute steal in my opinion, there are worse games going for a lot more. I know some will disagree, but I find that it has great replayability as well, finding the ways to execute a level in absolute perfection for that speedrun or for 5-stars across the board. If it's on sale, get it while you can, and if it isn't, buy it anyway."
,Recommended,394970,33325140,Posted: 6 July,all,uKER,"This game has that magic ""soulfulness"" of retro games.And no, not even 1 in 10 pixel graphics games do.The game is just wonderful in every aspect, from the graphics, the music, the setting, the gameplay, the difficulty (hint, it's not easy).Definitely hope to see more like it."
,Recommended,394970,22692659,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,CanuckBoi23,"Good stealth mechanics , its fun , challenging  and action-full . I highly recommend you this game if you like some pixel action . Also , in the game , after you complete one of the levels , YOU GET A CAT . I mean , a CAT . Who doesnt like cats , they are soooo cute . Well , i think i was sidetracked , but , to sum it up : Good game , worth its money"
,Recommended,394970,33471458,Posted: 11 July,all,Shmurdoo,Fun little 2D shooter. Get on sale and enjoy.
76561198166945088,Recommended,394970,33294198,Posted: 5 July,all,Fabtasticwill,is good
,Recommended,394970,24073066,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rice Farming Asian,"Rating: 9.5/10An intese gameplay that's a mix of Gunpoint and Hotline Miami. If you don't know what either of those games are then allow me to explain.Each level has a certain objective(Kill everyone, Get intel, etc.) You, The Reaper, must accomplish this objective any way you like. By either going loud or stealth like. The combat is fun and at moments intense. The controls are tight and don't feel odd or floaty. When aiming your cross hair will actually reflect the accuracy of your shot depending on your distance from the target. The story is also very intriguing. It keeps the player coming back for more out of curiousty.It has a very nice ambient soundtrack, the sound design in general is pretty great as well as the level design.Best of all is the replayabily value. There's a level editor as well as community levels in the workshop, with a weekly featured map, so after you finish the Campaign you'll still have more things to do.This is a game that will most defiently take up a good amount of time and is well worth it."
76561198007453636,Recommended,394970,33285972,Posted: 5 July,all,Draa Gul,"So, now I've played through Deadbolt normal and hard mode.It is an amazing game. I highly suggest you play it, if you are a fan of 2D shooters. You die in one hit and ammo is very rare. You've to outsmart your enemies, aim accurate and quick. It is a true challenge and great if you want to test your reflexes and just try to generally have a great time. Apart from normal and hard mode, which each took me roughly 4-5 hours (so 10 hours of fun total), one can also download custom maps. I'm about to check them out!"
76561198192804709,Recommended,394970,33434933,Posted: 10 July,all,Mr.Creeper1479,The game is great but for some reason every time I launch my game the screen just goes black please help.
76561198298801298,Recommended,394970,33559141,Posted: 15 July,all,Melon Mcfruity,I have one problem it never opens and when it does its a black screen. i recommend it i saw the trailer it seems good.
,Recommended,394970,33594939,Posted: 16 July,all,ohboy,Cool.
76561198363221240,Recommended,394970,33551976,Posted: 14 July,all,Vel Rust,"I'm loving this game. You can either go gung-ho going in and killing as many as you can as fast as you can or you can go in more stealthily. If you are going to go ""one man army"" then its going to be harder though. Worth full-price I think, especially if you like Hotline Miami."
,Recommended,394970,33556186,Posted: 15 July,all,Quark,"If you liked Hotline Miami you'll love this game. You play as a reaper tasked with killing the undead; zombies, vampire, demons and skeletons. Each enemy along with the bosses have their own unique strengths and weaknesses so strategy is important espicially if you want to do a stealth run. Each mission feels different and with workshop and very challenging achivements it will take me a while to get bored of the game. It took me 14 hours to complete but I did try to go for some achievements or stealth runs so the game is quite short. It would be amazing if the developer added a fourth chapter and some new weapons. Other pros: interesting story, beautiful artstyle and good soundtrack. Other cons: often find myself interacting with things I don't want to (same button picks up weapons, disarms traps and open doors) and a lack of checkpoints can make some levels rage inducing and repetitive."
76561198262436061,Recommended,394970,28802941,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HoneyFire,Really good game and challanging too i if you like lv based stratagy games you will love Deadbolt
,Recommended,394970,28812284,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kyther,"Challenging, lots of fun. Definitely give it a go!"
,Recommended,394970,28917841,Posted: 1 January,all,Mr Candleguy,"This game is great, it's a tight challenging game.If you like this, check out GunPoint they feel quite similar in a good way."
,Recommended,394970,28862291,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,StanleYDG,This game in many ways satisfies the same itch Hotline Miami does. Great Soundtrack and I love the games vibe. Pretty good stuff overall.
,Recommended,394970,28862628,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Polezy,Well where to start.. this game is alot like Hotline Miami but alot cooler love the zombie/vampire vibe and the levels are almost puzzle like. The Gameplay plays like a 2D side scrolling shooter which I found the lack of ammo making the game actually interesting and not a walk in the park! On top of the puzzles theres a nice back story which keeps you wanting to progress. There's a number of weapons too choose from depending on our play style. Stealth or Guns Blazing!The soundtrack is AMAZING!A great addition to this game is the level creator that you can make your own levels for others to try and challenge!well worth the price and hope to see a sequel in the future..I rate this game a 10/10
,Recommended,394970,28853756,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dots,Will never open a door again. 10/10
,Recommended,394970,28859627,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dylan,"Slick, satisfying gameplay with a great, atmospheric soundtrack. Hopoo Games is 2 for 2."
76561198131784276,Recommended,394970,28857792,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,❖ Wolfy_The_Quickscoper ❖,"Very challenging game, it can be very unforgiving sometimes but overall a great game of strats and techniques."
76561198012914673,Recommended,394970,28850671,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,choumme,complètement shockwave
76561198059701324,Recommended,394970,28914852,Posted: 1 January,all,action- jackson,Frustrating but fun
,Recommended,394970,28755298,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Malmaars,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. It doesn't only have superb gameplay, it also features a significant story, which I didn't expect to find in this game. definitely a must have."
76561197962236735,Recommended,394970,28883489,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Impfac,"a fun combination of stealth, combat, and light puzzle solving (ie, what rout can I take and survive, not what comination of levers opens a hidden door). Addictive and fun."
,Recommended,394970,28907336,Posted: 1 January,all,TheLegoSam44,I very much recomend this game becase it is fun and hard
76561198170125894,Recommended,394970,28920182,Posted: 1 January,all,Chief Longhorn,"possibily one of the most fun and difficult games ive ever played, worth the money"
,Recommended,394970,28850585,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,こどくし,"If you liked Hotline Miami or Gunpoint you'll like this.  Basically a puzzle stealth/shooter with an underworld aesthetic that feels really cool.  Levels are interesting and there are a variety of fun weapons to play with.  It doesn't have the trippy mindbending story of Hotline Miami even though the plot is similar (kill the drug dealers/gang), but it's good enough.  Finished the main campaign in about 6 hours and there's a hardmode, achievements, weapon unlocks and custom levels for replayability too, definitely worth taking a look at.7.5/10"
,Recommended,394970,29016927,Posted: 4 January,all,^0          MW2_G0D,purrfect
,Recommended,394970,29018914,Posted: 4 January,all,Detective Moose,personally I find this a great game you really have think on how to beat the levels. And I would love more levels and more to the already great but vage story of the game but overall its a really great game if youre looking for a intresting stealth/action/2d platform hybrid game this one is a great choice and a deadbolt 2 Would awsome(and when the tag said Great Soundtrack it means it too)
,Recommended,394970,29024112,Posted: 4 January,all,Steel,Amazing game. i love it 10/10.
76561198044188225,Recommended,394970,28920993,Posted: 1 January,all,TimedChief1,This game is amazing. I love the challenging and evolving gameplay it never gets old. The level design was perfect
,Recommended,394970,26868602,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dont know how to use a computer,skeletor has hit rough times and must take on a part time job as the reaper
,Recommended,394970,28821289,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spawn Three Bears,"In DEADBOLT, you play the role of the Reaper, a professional killer who takes orders from a mysterious talkng fireplace. Your job is to put down the unruly undead, who have become roudy as of late due to the emergence of a new drug called 'Ash'. Now this may seem silly at first, who has ever heard of zombies and vampires taking drugs? But, if you think about it for a second, it makes perfect sense. Zombies and vampires were once humans after all, so why not have them act like it? Why shouldn't the undead be taking drugs, going clubbing and running brothels just like their living counterparts? Following the trail of this new drug, the Reaper discovers a sinister plot that he must stop at all costs, mercilessly slaughtering any undead foolish enough to get in his way.DEADBOLT offers an exciting mix of fast-paced gunplay and more slow and cautious stealth tactics. Guns have very limited ammo, but there will be plenty more guns to pry from the cold, dead hands of your enemies, as well as plenty of knives and hammers lying around to stab/bash them with. If all else fails, you can always just punch the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them.Contrary to my initial expctations, DEADBOLT's minimalistic and slightly goofy story, as well as its fun and thought provoking gunplay, drew me in, and I ended up finishing the game in one sitting. Even though the story is reletively short, DEADBOLT boasts a level editor for windows, so you can have even more fun shooting, stabbing and punching undead on all sorts of different maps.DEADBOLT is a hidden gem of sorts, and I highly suggest purchasing it (especially since it's on sale at the time that I'm writing this)."
76561198055809671,Recommended,394970,29061462,Posted: 6 January,all,Ukxploder,"Basically a 2D Hotline Miami. Dark, violent and hard-as-nails, with an amazing soundtrack and a story where you don't know what the heck is going on. Only complaint so far is that the first chapter is a bit dull compared to the rest of the game. Can't wait for the sequel to disappoint me too!"
,Recommended,394970,28991559,Posted: 3 January,all,NeonShapes,This game is amazing the story is ok sound track is dope and you can do that ninja stealthy sh*t.this game is just really fun i reccomend you buy this game if you like stealth like i do. dont the the graphics affected you cause the gameplay is amazing. And its a pretty d*me good game for a 2D game
,Recommended,394970,29053425,Posted: 5 January,all,Quin Nace,"Great Motives, even better gameplay."
,Recommended,394970,29134597,Posted: 8 January,all,Lazurah,"I'm pretty biased because of how much I like Risk of Rain, but I really enjoyed Deadbolt.Good stealth combat. Cool levels. Great soundtrack. WE'VE HAVE IT ALL!"
76561198047868578,Recommended,394970,31939841,Posted: 24 May,all,jcbvickers,"This game is almost perfect,  Great atmosphere and soundtrack, great gameplay, great story.  It is very hard though so be warned."
76561198239196634,Recommended,394970,32001692,Posted: 27 May,all,HEADSHOT2002,This game is awesome. I highly recommend getting this game.
76561198154629577,Recommended,394970,31849215,Posted: 19 May,all,taysparks,An excellent stealth system.A wide variety of weaponry.An intriguing occult story.Mix them all together with some fantastic pixel graphics and baby you got a stew going! (by which I mean Deadbolt)
,Recommended,394970,31891629,Posted: 21 May,all,[UGLY] jack123,"Has a very ""gunpoint"" vibe but does it in its own style. As you progress, the levels get insanely difficult to the point of rage quitting but I keep coming back for more. Overall a great game. Would like to see more from this game dev."
76561197982514494,Recommended,394970,31946598,Posted: 24 May,all,M.u.d.d.+,"Ever fell down? Ever feel like you have anger inside that you just cant get out? Well this game is not for you. It is a game where you will die, and you will die many times. You play as a grim reaper that is after the undead. It takes skill and some brains to be able to play. You cannot go guns blazing in this game. It is very much like Hotline Miami, you die within one shot, it is bloody, and it is addicting.10\10Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,394970,32069073,Posted: 30 May,all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Intense, Hard, and extremely god damn fun! Deadbolt is basically Gunpoint, But with more action, challange, and overall the best 2d stealth action game ever made!"
,Recommended,394970,32150240,Posted: 3 June,all,Khaddel,"In DEADBOLT you play as a Reaper charged with the mission to slay Zombies, Vampires & Co in over 25 Levels. Every Level can be played multiple Times with different approaches and Weapons, each with its pros and cons.For 10 bucks you get a great, challenging Game with high replay value due to the Speedrun Nature, New Game +, many Achievements and the Level Editor."
,Recommended,394970,24173520,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,chillghost,"I really liked the game art style, the challenging levels (I raged just like in hotline miami), the music, the mechanics and absolutely loved the finale (also cat), and I didn't experience many problems like bugs or whatever (except for the last level, that was glitchy af)Pretty cool game, really enjoyed it and it is definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,394970,31596252,Posted: 6 May,all,Void | TheEvets,"It has my personal favorite boss fight of all time, and the soundtrack is incredible, as is the general atmosphere."
,Recommended,394970,31603539,Posted: 7 May,all,C X K F K L,"Great platformer, difficult and fun."
76561198061732453,Recommended,394970,31610044,Posted: 7 May,all,Echlord,Hotline Miami 3
76561198117061549,Recommended,394970,31676836,Posted: 10 May,all,Lumpy7771,one of meh all time fav indie games 20/10
76561198087654581,Recommended,394970,31712978,Posted: 12 May,all,NovaDemon,I have owned this game for about 2 weeks and I have already played it 4 times. I love this game so much but the only issue is trying to get souls for every gun... Its hard. This was made from the people who made risk of rain and I recommend this game.
,Recommended,394970,31786824,Posted: 16 May,all,SexualSalamander,"From the same minds behind Risk of Rain, DEADBOLT brings elements from games such as Hotline Miami and Gunpoint together to deliver an unforgiving but extremely enjoyable experience.Intriguing story, tight controls, creative gimmicks and enemies, well-thought level design and a superb soundtrack, DEADBOLT is a must for hit-or-miss stealth lovers. You either kill, or get killed.8.9/10. Extremely recommended."
,Recommended,394970,31781468,Posted: 15 May,all,Hugh,Why are you looking at reviews instead of smashing twerking vampires with sledge hammers?( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) didn't intend that to sound kinda sexualJust get the game please
,Recommended,394970,29266820,Posted: 14 January,all,Hearts,"This game---It's beautifull. Not just the graphics, the story, the sounds, and the music, Oh the music. I love this game to the moon & back. The develepors took their time to carefully craft each level. A true masterpiece. I want a DEADBOLT 2, As the ending is a cliff hanger. The characters, though vague, are cute, in my opinion. You even get a cat. The variety of enemies is amazing, with their abilities ranging as well. From the basic heavy-zombie to the annoying vampires that can revive themselves until you destroy their soul, which is elsewhere. Must-buy. I certainly feel like I got my money's worth out of it, but sense it's short if you're good at it, I suggest waiting till a sale on it.Cons: Some levels are a bit to hard, but that may just be me.It's short.And there's a limited amount of currency in the game. You have to save up and buy something---The money you spent is gone. You're never getting it back. I think there's only like, 400-500 souls in the whole game.TL;DRGreat game, hard at times, limited currency, kinda short."
,Recommended,394970,30091251,Posted: 21 February,all,Bacon B.,Amazing game! Worth playing for about an hour or two.
,Recommended,394970,31082914,Posted: 11 April,all,anh0i,"With the second title coming from Hopoo, I am starting to understand what is reasonable to expect from their company. This is another well-polished, fun game with an incredible soundtrack just like Risk of Rain. The theme of this game is cool as well."
76561198042237959,Recommended,394970,30981166,Posted: 6 April,all,ezdez,"Highly recommend, what a fantastic game. It's short, but the levels are lovingly crafted and the game mechanics make this 2D stealth-shooter a fun little puzzle. Every mission/room/enemy/situation can be handled in a multitude of different ways. Weapons are strewn about and the levels continue to add different elements to keep it fresh. Highly recommend, especially if you like games like Gunpoint."
76561198161905499,Recommended,394970,26741703,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Guacaholic,"One of the best games I've played in a while.  I can't beleive they made a 2D stealth game this good.  Very fun, very frustrating, and worth playing at least one more time. 10/10"
,Recommended,394970,27501613,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,codemiтe,"Death as a hitman, cleaning the underworld. Zombie gangs, vampire nightclubs, skeleton mafia, demon mercenaries. Drugs take over even the undead.Killer soundtrack."
,Recommended,394970,27894843,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Salmo Pedwar,"A side-scrolling Hotline Miami with horror instead of an acid trip.Pros:Very satisfying gunsGreat retro-ish astheticGhastly dynamic goreWeapons are all very unique, not just reskinsGreat level varietyLovely soundtrackGood replayabilityCons:Game is a little short (~8 hours)AI isn't the most intelligentIn summary it's an awesome game easily worth the price imo (especially on sale). If you liked Hotline Miami, this is a must-have."
76561198067716043,Recommended,394970,27875054,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,My Name's Mark,SUPER FUN
,Recommended,394970,27487072,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Clockwork,Deeper story than anyone would expect
,Recommended,394970,30024360,Posted: 18 February,all,tjb_altf4,"Addictive gameplay with great 8-bit graphics style.Has all the right elements reminiscent of an arcade classic from yesteryear, with a difficulty level just right to keep you coming back for more."
76561198046905319,Recommended,394970,30055413,Posted: 20 February,all,jcreaper666,"Played this game originally when it was still in Alpha. I normall don't play indie games but this game is amazing. It provides a nice challenge and really makes you think about how to make your moves. One shot, one hit, one screw up and you're dead!"
76561198156045988,Recommended,394970,29951558,Posted: 15 February,all,Kikatrat,"DEADBOLT Is really awesome. That's been established if you've looked at the many other reviews. The soundtrack is ACES, the weapons feel glorious,and eachkillfeelsgreat.Except when they don't. DEADBOLT is awesome for the first bit, but gradually transforms from a game where you have to see how to kill enemies without alerting others or finding the coolest way to kill stuff, to being a management game.What are you managing? Ammo.DEADBOLT is still fun when it starts to be more about managing ammo, but it kind of takes away from the core of what felt satisfiying. Every shot counts, but more than it probably should. This goes to the end of each level requiring you to have to assign enemies to guns, and be forced into never missing a single shot. One good example is a level with two towers you must clear in order to reach the top and kill an enemy in each one. In order to do so you have to kill two enemies in a room with precisely two shots from a shotgun, carefully execute three enemies with the remaining shells. Then you have to use another gun you picked up to kill one enemy with one shot, and pick up the only pistol able to one-shot-headshot the enemy type you face. Exit the building and move to the other, and take out four consequtive targets with only headshots as not to waste valuable ammo, and dispatch the last one by throwing a hammer at him to save a single bullet. By the time you're done with the tower, you should only have one or two bullets left in your gun, and over 50 retries in the logs. That being said it's very satisifying to do so, but it does kind of feel removed from the earlier chapters where you explode a zombie's head from 20 meters with a silenced pistol in a single shot.None the less, DEADBOLT is fantastic, and you should play it for the music, even if you hate the game. Which you won't."
,Recommended,394970,29879804,Posted: 12 February,all,Canman,Loved it. Extremely satisfying gameplefy - and enough to keep you busy if you're a completionist.
76561198151473815,Recommended,394970,29878071,Posted: 12 February,all,Sbubby,This game is a nice difficult indie strategy game thats easy to pick up but hard to put down. Lots of content to explore and trial and error will have you sitting there for hours
76561198293546718,Recommended,394970,29912144,Posted: 13 February,all,weirdal7,I love this game. The premise is a bit silly but the sound design and graphics are great. Adding that to the levels being hard but not strictly impossible; I would consider this one of my favorites.
,Recommended,394970,30096103,Posted: 22 February,all,Jak,"This game is worth the money. It's a small, cheap and fun experience and there's not a reason to dislike it.It has nice visuals,A nice variety of ways to finish each mission,A cool stealth mechanic,Creative enemies,And a intriguing protagonist.I rate it a solid 10/10EDIT: It also has a really fun map editor and a workshop page so it never gets repetivive or boring."
,Recommended,394970,29948981,Posted: 15 February,all,Joshimitsu,"Deadbolt is one of the most fun games I've played in quite a while. It's gameplay is similar to Hotline Miami, but it leans a bit more on stealth and maybe even puzzle solving as opposed to twitch reaction time. It's still pretty twitchy though.Highly Recommended to fans of Hotline Miami and just fans of action games in general."
76561198006175856,Recommended,394970,29671681,Posted: 3 February,all,TehMuddler,Hard as nails stealth game with lightning action remiscent of Gunpoint. Definitely check it out if you want a game that rewards patience and experimentation.
,Recommended,394970,29281330,Posted: 15 January,all,Yossarian,"This game, in my opinion, is amazing. Therefore this is going to be a very biased review. You play as a Rolls driving grim reaper, who is tasked to investigate undead activity at certain locations, and to kick them brutally back into the sweet embrace of death. These undead aren't just hanging around moaning and shuffling their feet however, they're getting involved in drug deals and running night clubs, and most of them are heavily armed.Pros:- Good story that unfolds satisfactorily- Great character design- Perfect level design and general gritty atmosphere- Pixel graphics suit the game to a T- Highly satisfying combat with large variety of weapons- Unforgiving gameplay -- die in one shot if you don't execute your plan perfectly. A lot of people      are saying this is a negative, but I love it- Can be highly tactical- Really good musicCons:- Nothing.. I told you it was going to be biasedI also love that enemies and environment both change drastically throughout the game, so you don't get bored of seeing the same old zombies. Also all the weapons aren't immediately available; you get access to some much later in the game. It can get frustrating at times, but I found I was frustrated at myself for dying, never at the game itself. There are usually a few options when it comes to tackling an area, so if something's not working you can try a different tactic.This is the first Steam review I've ever written, which should tell you something about how much I enjoyed this game.BUY IT NOW!!"
,Recommended,394970,29280336,Posted: 15 January,all,Triggered Trigger fan,"This game is good. That's what it is.It's a nice and challenging 2d stealth-action game where you need to have a perfect plan and execute it perfecly to win, (Trust me i still haven't beat the final boss yet), beause if you make one wrong move you're dead, no health bar, no extra lives, no nothing. It has good level design, an exciting story and an amazing atmospheric soundtrack. The campaign can probably be finished in 4 hours, but you'll probably spend 10 on your first run. In this game failure is a big part of it. Tial and error is what perfects your plan and get's you to victory, so expect to die alot. Replayabillity is nice too, i've played through every mission many times, and it's still fun to go back and play it again. Over all i really like it and i recomend it and i think it's one of the best indie games i have ever played."
76561198011965275,Recommended,394970,29746863,Posted: 6 February,all,uncool,"Pretty fun game, very difficult.  Sometimes you'll get randomly screwed but for the most part very fair. Took me about 8 hours to beat.  Would definitely play some DLC."
,Recommended,394970,29514944,Posted: 26 January,all,Votto,"This game is not appraised enough. It was only during one of those ""low-percentage"" sales steam offers once in a while that I could get to know this game. The design is impecable. Definitely a game that was given just the right amount of thought before the actual development was set in place.Well, the official trailers show enough of the game for anyone to know what the game is about - mechanically speaking. If you enjoyed Super Meat Boy, Gunpoint, SUPERHOT, etc. this game is for you.Absolutely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,394970,25949260,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dr.Fudge,"DEADBOLT is a sidescrolling stealth-action hybrid that puts you in the skin of Grim Reaper itself who must quell  a recent undead uprising and a misterious drug called ash.The gameplay is pretty good, you can use items as cover, manipulate the light in order to take the enemy by surprise or to lure him into a trap, you can also move through vents in order to avoid combat or to kill the enemy using a different route, the weapons vary a lot and they can be useful to make a lot of strategies. It has a decent difficulty curve with a few spikes, namely the final level of the 1000 Years Royale and The Dredged campaign, yes, this game is divided in 3 campaigns, each of them containing 9 levels. One thing I like in particular is that most levels work differently from others, for example: One level requires that you find an object, another wants that you kill all undead and another needs to be finished under a time limit.As you progress several enemies are discovered, all needing a different aproach in order to take them down. You will also discover new weapons, new mechanics and new items. You can take different aproaches with each level thanks to the variety of weapons and items despite the fact that you can only carry 2 to battle, there is a great balance between weapons, no weapon feels OP or too weak and you can use them in different ways, sadly you will have to buy most of them.Hopoo Games also learned their lesson from Risk of Rain and they decided to make a lore that isnt vague on relevant plot points but on background elements that can be deducted paying attention to the scenario and to the little dialogue in the game, its a really good plot with lots of world building. When certain enemies die they drop a cassette containing a short story from the perspective of said enemy that helps to construct the world and lore. The bosses are pretty good! They are unique, no level remotely resembles a boss fight since it uses unique mechanics, the only boss fights that arent really good, are the first ones that are just about killing a slightly different enemy surrounded by lots of enemies.The music is also incredible and the pixel aesthetic is ok. It got an amazing atmosphere thanks to the incredible music and other details like: If you are outside a building and the doors are closed, the music will be muffled like you were actually outside the building, not only that but if you perform certain actions like headshooting an enemy the music will get louder.One thing that I like is that all of the achievements are functional, the achievements grants you mpney so you can buy more weapons and since you only get 10 souls (the currency of the game) when you complete each level for the first time, you will need to get those achievements.The game also comes with a level editor that is pretty intuitive and good.If you couldnt deduct it by what I said earlier, the game is pretty tactical, you wont get anywhere by going Jeroy Lenkins.Not all is good though:While is true that the game has a lot of mechanics that are used to spice up the gameplay and give an unique gameplay to each level. I feel that a lot of the mechanics werent really used, for example, the traps: The traps are used only in a boss fight and I feel that they werent really used in the game and that was wasted potential or how about the Bartenders who guarded their phylacteries in hard to reach places (The bartenders are enemies that in order to be killed, you need to destroy their phylacteries and then kill them, otherwise they will be resurrected) I think that the game could have used its mechanics more often and it could combine said mechanics with other mechanics in order to delicer the same effect but better.The game can be buggy too, thankfully there arent any game breaking bugs but there are several bugs that are easy to find and they reduce the difficulty or they make the game harder.There isnt a lot of replayability, other than the hard mode but even then, the hard mode adds an enemy just in the place to screw you and sometimes it created difficulty spikes.The game lacks checkpoints which for the smaller levels isnt really bad for levels like Madam Stela it becomes a big issue since the level is incredibly big.You cant buy all weapons despite getting all achievements.Overall DEADBOLT is an amazing tactical shooter with a great lore and world but that doesnt take advantage of most of his multiple mechanics and has some bugs. But even then, most levels have an unique gameplay and is definately a good purchase."
76561198021087242,Recommended,394970,31009409,Posted: 7 April,all,Bolli,Hopo Games delivers again. Absolutely stellar.
,Recommended,394970,29447683,Posted: 23 January,all,"For The Glory Of Stan, Of Course","This is a great game, BGMs, stages, system are amazing.You don't wanna miss this game."
76561198167302083,Recommended,394970,29413223,Posted: 21 January,all,John,Very good game but I think there should be more content and levels for the 10.99 that I paidStill very good 8/10
76561198134415063,Recommended,394970,32122749,Posted: 1 June,all,Lord Woomy,"My hours on this game just go to show exactly how much time and effort I've put into 100%-ing this game. Still haven't done it. I suck.Still, the game is very enjoyable. I expected nothing less from Hopoo Games. I played Risk of Rain, loved it. Then I heard about this game, and I instantly HAD to buy it.The game has done its job, being extremely difficult and still staying fun. I've gotten♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at it more than I should, but I still find myself coming back to play it.The gameplay is really fun, with each level having multiple ways to go about it. I've probably come up with 3 different plans for each level.The story starts off simple. You, the Reaper, doing whatever your fireplace tells you to do. Most of this involves taking out gangs of undead, Zombies, Vampires and Skeletons. But as you collect casette tapes, the story of the entire world gets more fleshed out. Honestly, I felt sad for some of the people in the casettes. But, they're undead, so they must be killed.Here's the real thing that sold me on loving the game, however: the music. My God, the music. Chris Christodoulou has done an amazing job, yet again. (If you don't know who he is, he's the same guy that made Risk of Rain's soundtrack, again one of the main selling points for me) He creates a perfect mixture of atmosphere and action, which makes the game that much more enjoyable.It has its fair share of bugs, and a few issues with lag, but that doesn't happen often (for me, at least).All in all, I seriously reccomend this game."
,Recommended,394970,24019266,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,peeslosh,"This game sets the standard for one-life shooters.You play as the reaper, you get to purchase guns, and re-assassinate the already undead. You're provided with an armory of weapons, and what you do with them and how you do it is completely up to you. This game is hard-on, tough as nails difficult, but the satisfaction of putting Pablo Escobar another 6 feet under is worth it.The achievements are actually achievements. You're not awarded for petty things, like picking up your first gun. If you expect an award in this game, you have to work for it.9/10, this game kicks  u n d e a d   a s s"
,Recommended,394970,22420279,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Albuquerque Fistfuck,"DEADBOLT is a ""linear"" sidescrolling ""puzzle"" shooter. The levels themselves are non-linear as they can be completed however you want, but you get no choice on which missions to take and there's no branching story lines or side quests. The puzzle aspect stems from certain objectives and enemies. There are no ""logic puzzles"" per se, instead you'll be racking your brain trying to figure out ""how do I clear a room with 12 enemies in it, when I only have 6 bullets?"" There's a plethora of guns and melee weapons for you to utilize, some can be purchased before missions and brought with you, while some can only be found during levels.DEADBOLT reminds me a lot of Hotline Miami. You take one bullet, no matter where, and you're dead.Your enemies, however, aren't going to go down nearly as easily. Accuracy is key in DEADBOLT. If you're not getting headshots, you're wasting bullets. If you're wasting bullets, you're not going to survive very long. It's not uncommon to end a level with 90% accuracy with 100% headshots, because that's what the game demands of you. Nothing but the best.The gameplay, visuals and soundtrack are incredible. Hopoo Games have proven that the greatness behind Risk of Rain was no fluke.I paid full price for this game and I am very happy with that purchase. DEADBOLT's campaign is approximately 6 hours long, and hard mode is unlocked after completion. There is also a full level editor with Steam Workshop support for extra replay value.DEADBOLT easily gets a 10/10 from me. I warmly welcome whatever Hopoo Games releases next!"
76561198045147857,Recommended,394970,32395828,Posted: 13 June,all,CptnCrzy,This game was amazing I played it when it was just a game jolt demo and now it is perfect. Like a hotline miami and doom had a baby!
76561198149747443,Recommended,394970,32329614,Posted: 10 June,all,ShagaShagaShu,"If you like dying, like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of times, then this is the game for you."
76561198309777728,Recommended,394970,26305638,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ム,"I have a computer that can't run games very well. This game is really good in story and had a great sense of pixel graphics to it. It definetly kept me interested as to keep playing the game, and the soundtrack to the game is just awesome. Would definetly recommend if your're looking for a game to sit down and relax to play with some action."
,Recommended,394970,32350865,Posted: 11 June,all,Nwerp,"The game is great, but the soundtrack is phenomenal! The album is worth a purchase!"
,Recommended,394970,32306867,Posted: 9 June,all,LaggingVideoGamer,"This game is extremely fun and challenging, it's the kind of game that makes you go insane slowly over time, and the story is really good...except for the ending. Here's what I think about it --->WHAT THE HELL! IS THAT IT?! I've just found out so many little twists and turns, just went throught that entire ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t boss battle and THAT is what I'm left with? The big candle guy saying how you need rest? ♥♥♥♥ NO I'M NOT TAKING THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sure it's all 'provacative' but at least give me something better! The ending is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.If I missed a little thing with it, oh, please tell me. But the bottom line isIt's all good until the endingruinsit."
76561198051980532,Recommended,394970,32777969,Posted: 25 June,all,Be Gus,"Imagine Hotline Miami. But; make it a side scroller, swap Jacket for a grim reaper and the mobster's for monsters. Now; you've got your self Deadbolt"
,Recommended,394970,26758712,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tony,"Fun game. Not much to be said...fast and hard or slow and methodical, stealth and fast paced action never mixed so good.this game makes me want to meet death face-to-face just to have a drink with that badass skeleton.cool game"
,Recommended,394970,32919894,Posted: 28 June,all,pixel-junky,I would pay to see this IP turned into a comic book series
76561198106846206,Recommended,394970,32927997,Posted: 28 June,all,Rorrim Eluc,I got DEADBOLT while it was on sale for $6.99 and I have to say that that's a steal for what you're getting. DEADBOLT is a challenging 2D stealth game that gives you multiple options to clear each level while you get to be soothed by it's kickass soundtrack. It's well worth the asking price of $9.99 and I would recommend it to anyone. It also has this way of telling a story that makes you beg for more details. It's a really great game in my opinion.
,Recommended,394970,33688435,Posted: 20 July,all,AversionFX,"Deadbolt is a really neat and interesting game. It's not entirely unique by its own merits, but it has a charm all of its own. It plays in a similar fashion to Gunpoint, but without the hacking aspect. It also plays rather similarly to Hotline Miami in that combat can sometimes require multiple, rapid acts of precision. Also that it frequently requires trial and error.Weaponry and the methods used to complete a mission are all very satisfying. While the game advertises the ability to choose your way to accomplish missions, this is a bit of a white lie. Technically youcanpick and choose your path through most missions. However, the objective is usually in an area with only 1 entrance. And speaking of objectives, missions will have 1 of 2 (sometimes both!) objectives: ""Use this/these object(s)"" and ""Kill X enemies.""The game is simple and straightforward. You play a level and then you are taken back to your apartment to get briefed on the next level. In between levels you have the chance to buy new weapons or read some lore items. While I enjoy having bite-sized portions of game to play, I do really wish that there was a ""bigger picture"" for the story. The disconnected presentation of the world and its events really detracts from the storyline being presented here, even if the game does require that you read between the lines a little.Once you're in a mission, you find yourself standing next to your really classy car. From there you set upon your grisly work. A really neat piece of flavor is that your weapon selection is conveniently in the trunk of your car. Prior to engaging the mission you get the option to swap out some weapons. Once you're done, Reaper closes the trunk and sets the alarm on the car again. The game has a huge amount of charm hiding in its sharply down pixel graphics which I think sets it apart from similar games in this genre.Sound quality is superb. Your weapons all sound lethal and satisfying to use. The controls are tights and responsive. The game is difficult in a way that requires a little patience, a little skill and good reaction speed. The game is tough at times but never feels unfair, and is usually the result of your own failings. Also, the game is really swell in that it will occasionally pop up hints after you've died a handful of times.Deadbolt was a neat game that kept me entertained the whole way through. It offers a unique enough experience to stand out, even if it could have sorely used a little more actual meat on its bones. The soundtrack is definitely worth a listen, as well."
76561198064961921,Recommended,394970,33687170,Posted: 20 July,all,Sneaky_Squidz,"Fun Game, Really good game. Though sometimes it can mak you rage it's still one of my favorites. Only Gripe is IT'S TOO SHORT!!!9/10-Wheres the sequel?"
76561197972337172,Recommended,394970,33696750,Posted: 21 July,all,o_O,"7/10. Mechanics-wise it's fun, kind of like a mix between a puzzle-stealth-shooter. Doesn't seem to be much of a story, and it's not too long either."
76561198060379560,Recommended,394970,33721178,Posted: 22 July,all,The Man who Can't Pun,"You play as the Grim reaper killing demons, zombies, skeletons, and vampires. What's there not to love? It's fast paced, great action, the combat is great as well. Allowing a wide variety of weapons, numerous ways to execute missions, and a good number of enemies to keep you distracted from life! It's like hitman, but 2D and filled with the undead."
,Recommended,394970,33770925,Posted: 24 July,all,thys111,Fun quick game that tests your tactical senses and reflexes. Great to get when on sale8/10
76561198194541581,Recommended,394970,33790553,Posted: 25 July,all,Magwitch,"A lot of fun to play and well worth the asking price. Though it did feel a little short, it has good replay value imo."
76561197995734158,Recommended,394970,33823093,Posted: 26 July,all,Icemann,"If you liked ""Gunpoint"", you'll like this.Yes, it's pixel-y graphics, but the gameplay is solid.  You have to use your head and figure out a way to complete the level, so there is a strong stealth/puzzle element there, but there's more than one way to do so and more than one weapon to do it with, which gives the game a good flexibility.I bought it on the off chance that it would be OK (in the 2017 summer sales); it was better than OK, it was GREAT."
,Recommended,394970,33891314,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr Gandarf,Puzzle like gameplay with unique concept
76561198053359182,Recommended,394970,33914840,Posted: 30 July,all,Nosferatu Zodd,A roguelike mastapiece
,Recommended,394970,33934649,Posted: 31 July,all,ForbiddenLegend,"This game is amazing.  Very good soundtrack,  cool pixel graphics,  gameplay Is sweet,  storyline is good, but short.  Community maps are fun to play.  9/10"
76561198081743324,Recommended,394970,33951251,Posted: 1 August,all,Maddie! Maddie!,Check toilet before using it....
76561198254201802,Recommended,394970,34131796,Posted: 9 August,all,Cosmic Crap,Amazing soundtrack. Fun gameplay and forces you to make strategies. Difficult but promising. Once done with the amazing storyline you can make your own workshop maps or play on others.
,Recommended,394970,34278051,Posted: 16 August,all,Sheogorath,"After having played Deadbolt for a few hours (plus some extra when it was still in beta), I have this to say: This game is very much worth your time, and your money.The entire feel of the game, from its fast-paced glass cannon gameplay to its soundtrack, reminded me very distinctly of Hotline Miami. However, unlike Jacket (who's amongst the land of the living), you're a 'reaper', a mysterious being assigned with the job of dragging runaway souls back to the underworld. Due to your supernatural origins, you gain a rather interesting ability to turn into smoke, thus allowing you to quickly zip through accessable vents and even sewage pipes. Yes, you read that right: Sewage Pipes. What this means is that you can sneak into buildings by entering a manhole, and then appearing out of the sh**ter. However, if there are any enemies currently using the sh**ter, you have the terrifying and mildly humourous ability to appear regardless, causing their bodies to explode violently. Whether or not this would result in the player character getting sh** on his skull is never really made clear. However, there are also other not so supernatural things you can pull off to give yourself an advantage, such as shooting out the lights to confuse your enemies/prey, or knocking on doors to attract enemies, either to kill them or to distract them so that you can attack someone else.The enemies and NPCs you face (or at least the ones I've faced within my uncompleted playthrough) are taken from all over; a talking fire, demons, vampires, zombies, and even the ferryman of the greek afterlife, Charon.  Charon acts as a storefront for you to spend the games currency of souls; souls are earned after you complete a mission, and depending on how well you did it, you'll either get lots of souls, or barely any. These souls will then be given to charon, who will in turn give you weapons; the better the weapon, the more souls you must bring him. The final key NPC is a fire, who will speak to you each time you sit down within your house; this fire will be what gives you missions, as well as small facts and tips about the game's enemies. You can also collect tapes from certain dead enemies, which will then unlock some filler text which you can read later. However, I didn't manage to collect that many in my playthrough, so I can't say how well they do the job of acting as story filler. I think their main purpose is merely to act as some more guff for completionists.All in all, this game is a blast, and really tickles my love of the supernatural in all the right places (no homo).10/10"
,Recommended,394970,34302170,Posted: 17 August,all,Aidsley,"aay, good game"
76561198131799223,Recommended,394970,34317319,Posted: 17 August,all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,fapable
,Recommended,394970,34355460,Posted: 19 August,all,Onion Rings,'Hotline Miami' x 'Bonanza Bros'10/10
76561198044197731,Recommended,394970,22246479,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,McKibbles,"It's good. I'm not one to write reviews, but I can tell you that it's good. The soundtrack is also very good. Thank you for reading my review."
76561198187872161,Recommended,394970,33959275,Posted: 1 August,all,™Axpenguin™ | CSGOGEM.com,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198239676982,Recommended,394970,34155401,Posted: 10 August,all,TheGyLtR,A really nice and cool game that has unique gameplay mechanics and very good music. I still feel bad that I completed the game in the pirated version before I bought it.
,Recommended,394970,29999393,Posted: 17 February,all,Scum Fuck Flower Boy,"I would like to say that being the reaper of all souls is very fun while listening to ""The Next Episode"" by Snoop himself, and popping demons in their ♥♥♥♥ing skulls is the most amazing feel espicially  when they don't see that♥♥♥♥♥♥coming. But for real you should get this game cause you know it's good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198120416269,Not Recommended,394970,34649707,Posted: 31 August,all,Smuc Muck,"Environment becomes stale in third act, if you have ever played hotline miami or gunpoint, you'll be passing every level within 10 minutes with 4 stars. Final level is easily beatable in the first attempt. Music is either to low, or just unremarkable, with game sound at half, and music at full. Story? There's atleast some attempt to bring humanity to the undead (heh) but it doesn't really go anywhere. It hurts the story when the only optional bits revealing the lives of the undead are casette tapes you rarely find in levels, and lose them if you die, instead of keeping them. Throwables get stuck in corpses, which becomes annoying. The game prides on ""doing it your own way"" and that could just be shooting everything, it doesn't really push you to shake it up or even make it harder for your strat. Better AI could've made the game, like zombies grouping behind the big one to charge you, or the vampires going back on the ceiling to get an angle on you while in cover. Level design is meh, its horizontal, never any threats from above, unless you alerted enemies above. Midnight setting isn't fun forever, how bout some rain, thunder? Maybe a setting sun, slowly turning to dusk?"
76561198262167690,Recommended,394970,34662278,Posted: 1 September,all,Chandler Bing,"Probably one of my favorite games that I have ever played, the gameplay and strategy makes this so fun to play. i fell in love with the music, art style, and gameplay."
76561198300617415,Recommended,394970,34675419,Posted: 1 September,all,=RAGE= Inzombniac,"I haven't seen anything like DEADBOLT, before DEADBOLT. It's extremely challenging gameplay that makes you want to beat it. But some of the game seems to overly-difficult, and there isn't much content.7/10"
76561198057544907,Recommended,394970,34728867,Posted: 3 September,all,CoolCody,"Absolute massacre. Shooting one undead splatters the wall in infinite blood. Besides the gore, the game has a variety of guns and ways to approach levels and finish them. Run and gun, or sneaky beaky? Either one, stay frosty. A game like Gunpoint, yet they have nothing incommon. The no-checkpoint system allows for a frustrating time, but all it takes is a break to get you back into the action.8/10"
76561198157417803,Recommended,394970,34727434,Posted: 3 September,all,A Happy Accident,"This game pretends to be harder than it actually is and it primarily appeals to edgy, gritty 14 year olds. That being said, the gameplay manages to consistently feel fresh, the story is almost completely implied, and the soundtrack is great. Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ bro."
76561198253709414,Recommended,394970,34823904,Posted: 8 September,all,salad,Pretty fun strategic shooter very much like hotline Miami 10 out of 10
,Recommended,394970,34945302,Posted: 14 September,all,Spiteful Crow,"Phenominal! DEADBOLT is an action game about reaping the undead with a variety of weapons, I almost think of it as a puzzle game at it's core. Don't get me wrong, DEADBOLT requires plenty of reflexes and a quick trigger finger, but each stage can be thought of as a chessboard and the enemies, opposing pieces. Which pieces you take first and how you take them is key to winning.A number of zombies, vampires, hellhounds, and other creatures populate the rooms that make up every stage. They respond to gunfire and other noises, as well as light level. Since you die in one hit and enemies, while slow to react, can be very accurate, it's wise to plan your approach. These little murder puzzles are pretty addictive and the excellent soundtrack and crisp pixel art really add to DEADBOLT's charm.Overall, if you enjoy challenging, tactical action, you should consider giving this game a try!"
76561198137664191,Recommended,394970,34944199,Posted: 14 September,all,Flabby Sandwiches,You are the grim reaper with a revolver and you kill zombie drug dealers...WHAT IS NOT TO LOVE!?
,Recommended,394970,21939386,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,😂🔫,yes
