user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,395270,18775447,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""...and proud I will remain until I am nothing at all.""Ever since I've discovered David Syzmanski's games starting withthe Moon Sliver, I got addicted. I'm not ashamed to declare that I'm addicted to beautiful, elegant and eerie atmospheres that he creates, veiling disturbing realities.A Wolf in Autumnis no exception.The sun raising on a beautiful shore line, waves cradling the shore on endless motions, bathed within the rays of sun themselves... Is this the scent of sea? No. Lights do shimmer through an old wooden wall, crafted either lazily, or without much skill. We are able to see an autumn garden through the cracks between planks. We are in a shed. Who are we? As we get out of the shed, we encounter an odd mechanism. As we push the button on the strange machine, a woman's voice calls us to warn that there are wild animals around.""Go back to the shed, sweetie. There are wolves in the woods"".A Wolf in Autumnpresents us a dreamlike experience, in which we take the part of Autumn, a 9 year old girl. She is in an autumn garden and wanders around, hearing her mother's voice through some strange machinations around. As we keep our progress, things do take a turn for a darker nature. Concepts such as pride, nature, innocence and responsibility are discussed, and we once again face that the reality itself is much cruder and darker than any monster under our beds could possibly be.The narration and the voice acting of the mother come into a spectacular combination, and carry you though a genuine uneasiness. Graphics do hail from basic unity, but seeing the display of light, shadows and colors in this specific manner, you are reminded that this is a game by David Syzmanski. Added background noises; growls, swaying trees and mechanical sounds, this is a brilliant success on atmospheric horror yet again!As for gameplay, it might be defined as a short atmospheric horror + walking simulation with puzzle elements. It is a bit hard to tag these games with a genre, but I can most certainly tell that they carry artistic and philosophical quality. The whole game wouldn't take more than an hour, and it is intended to be completed on one sitting, as David Syzmanski's most games. So, there is no save game feature. We move around with WASD and carry some items to complete some basic puzzles. We are not capable of carrying more than one item at any time, so if we'd need the same item again, we have to look around to find it. I know it sounds a bit annoying, but it is a choice for story purposes. When the reason behind is explained, you'll be shocked. I promise.A Wolf in Autumnis a short, deep and dark experience rather than a game. I wouldn't recommend any game coming from David Syzmanski if you are looking for an adrenaline rush. If you'd like to indulge yourself with a shiver and some pondering afterwards, you are welcome.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,395270,20400367,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Tom,"This game was reviewed using a code sent by the developer.A Wolf in Autumn is a short puzzle adventure game that was released in October 2015, being developed by David Szymanski. As you get told when launching the game, it is intended that you finish it in one sitting, which takes about an hour.You play the game as a young girl, and you find yourself in a forest at the start of the game, locked in a shed by your mother. To begin with your mother and surroundings seem very peaceful, but this soon takes a dark turn. Gameplay is from a first person perspective, and the main tasks involve solving puzzles that use real world logic. The puzzles do require some thought though; you shouldn’t be put off by the starting area as that is the one I found the most difficult. I’m not ashamed to say I spent at least ten minutes trying to get out of the shed only for the answer to be extremely obvious. You are able to pick up objects, but sadly you can only have on item in your possession at a time, meaning a lot of running back and forth to get items is required.The game is run using the Unity 5 engine, and whilst the graphics aren’t the best, they do portray the darkness and surreal atmosphere very well. The game does have some nice lighting effects as well. It can be run on pretty much any resolution up to and including 4k.  The voice acting of your mother is very well done too; I genuinely got scared towards the end of the game just from the sound of her voice.Whilst there isn’t a very deep plot to this game, there are still some underlying potentially disturbing themes on show, and is not something which people who are easily upset by such things as child abuse should take lightly.  Maybe the developer is trying to show us something through the story, I don’t know, but I found it very interesting to see how the plot unfolded.As you can see from the amount of time to play the game, I didn’t find it all that difficult. If you apply logic to the puzzles, you can easily work them out, and often just pausing for a moment and thinking how you would get out of this situation yourself is usually the write answer.  I completed the game in about half an hour.  Some might think that is short for any game, and I can see why, but I was enthralled with the game from the get-go so I am not going to complain too much about the shortness.  I have seen that you can complete puzzles in more than one way as well; this may add a little replicability but I am more than happy with just the one play through to satisfy my experience with this title.I didn’t have any technical problems whilst playing; it is running on a very well matured engine so it should be expected.I enjoyed my time playing A Wolf in Autumn, not all horror experiences have to include an abundance of jump scares to be classed as scary; the atmosphere and undertones of this game are scary enough for me. The price of £1, 59 is fair, regardless of the length of the game. The developer has put plenty of hours into making a really good game, and that is definitely worth the £1, 59 in my eyes.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/395270"
76561198006541362,Recommended,395270,18715255,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,stranger1982,"You're a girl, alone, in a locked shed: you easily escape from it only to find yourself in a fenced garden with weird machinery, threatening noises and an even worse voice addressing you.A Wolf in Autumn is a short surreal horror game with a disturbing story and simple puzzles: if you've played other games by David Szymanski then you're familiar with the dreamlike, dark and weird atmospheres he's able to create (e.g. The Music Machine) and A Wolf in Autumn continues down the same road.PROS:-weird art style with oversaturated colours and contrasting lights truly gives a dream/ nightmare feel to the game-good sound design, the ominous noises manage to be unsettling-strong voice acting-good writing, I really appreciated the style used for ingame text and how things slowly made sense as I was playing the game-very disturbing and dark themes: the story behind the girl is unsettling and violent, the voice you hear can convey enough perceived violence and hate to become truly distressing-straightforward puzzles reward exploration and logical thinkingNEUTRAL:-the oversaturated graphics won't be everyone's cup of tea-you can only carry/ use one item at a time, the reason for this is eventually explained thoughCONS:-you'll have to be careful where you drop an item when switching objects or risk having to hunt for it between the grass (thankfully, the most important items are given to you more than once)-going back to the previous area saved my progress puzzle-wise but reset the position of every object, forcing me to get around to gather them and light candles again-no subtitles-it's quite simple, short as the Store page says (beaten in 45 minutes), basically no replay valuehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=542988982Having played The Music Machine I was curious to see what the dev had managed to do this time and, despite the short length and simple gameplay, I must say A Wolf in Autumn left quite an impression on me. As said before Szymanski doesn't shy away from darker themes and he surely isn't afraid to hold back here: what the voice says to you, its extremely violent and hateful tone and the details of certain events are truly unpleasant.I think it works so well cause, without spoiling anything, the story is about events that do happen in real life and I like to think that certain actual facts can be way scarier than an imaginary monster due to the fact they do really happen and'd affect us, people we know or be something we've seen in a newspaper.The gameplay itself is decent, you'll have to explore around to find tools and then use the right one on the right object: sometimes the solution might be less straightforward than it first seems and a couple objects/ levers might require you to think a bit. There's not much of a challenge though, the game is more interested in telling you a story rather than challenging your brain.A Wolf in Autumn felt like a distilled form of what the dev is known for as a short and extremely unsettling journey that, when played in the dark and with headphones on as recommended, game me a few goosebumps due to how immersed I was in a truly unpleasant and quite real scenario. It's a game I recommend as an example of psychological horror done right."
,Recommended,395270,18825627,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Well, this was another stellar game by one of my favorite developers, David Syzmanski. As with his pervious works, he takes a psychological horror concept and really drives it home using minimallistic and yet lush and evocative scenery with a short tale attached. To tell you any more than what is in the store page would be a disservice to a person wishing to play this, so I wont go into my personal thoughts on the story, but I will say that it is quite compelling.This time around, the Unity 5 engine, but without using stock assets. This marks an evolution in Mr Syzmanski's development ideas and skills, as previouosly, he used stock assets (to perfection). Actually, if you were to play each of his games in order of release, you would easily be able to track a clear progression is ability and skill, with this game as the current culmination of his previous efforts.As with previous games, this game makes heavy use of the interplay between light, darkness, and shadow to emphasize the desired atmosphere. Additionally, the original soundtrack and sounds further enhance the experience. All was done in outstanding fashion.Another appealing aspect of this game was the 45 minute to 1 hour length. In my opinion, it was the perfect length to accomplish the goals it sets out to accomplish.The controls are simple WASD with R/L mouse to pick up, use, and drop items, and shift to run, since walking around exploration games slowly is always something of a chore (in my opinion. I appreciate it when devs include running despite it not being strictly necessary).The puzzles in this game werent too difficult to solve, but were clever, making good use of the items available in the game without getting in the way of the experience.Anyway, I can go on and on about this game, but I will simply close out here by stating that this was a special experience and I was glad for the opportunity to play this game.9 out of 10.Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/completingthebacklog#curation- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561197985915723,Recommended,395270,18851660,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,shadowshiv,"It's hard to put words down without inadvertantly giving away spoilers. I'll try my best, however.While this is a short game, it is certainly not a bad game. In fact, I enjoyed it quite a bit. The colours almost seem to bleed out in this game, particularly in the outdoors area. In my eyes, that is intentional and you will understand why as you get further into the game.Little creepy touches add a nice feeling to the game. Reading the descriptions that Autumn says when clicking on items can shed a lot of light on what is really going on.One thing did annoy me a little, and that was the fact that I had to drop the flashlight to pick up a different item. Depending on how far the location is that you need to use the other item, you can find yourself stuck in the dark for a bit. That certainly was not enough to dampen my enjoyment of the game.This is a game that will make you think at the end of it, and may induce you to play it again just to see how differently you see things at the beginning, and how they tie into the end.I highly recommend this game as it is a lot of fun and does make you think about it after you have reached the end."
76561197988012862,Recommended,395270,20987505,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mendel,"Short psychological horror adventure.Mechanically, you need to open a few locks, throw some switches, light some candles, that sort of thing. You can hold one item at a time to carry and use and drop, but there are duplicates of the important ones. The mechanics make this an adventure, but that's not what it is about.This game appeals more to the emotions than to logic. Who are we, where are we, and why is everything so strange and fearsome? Even more than in the freeFingerbones, Szymanski manages to aim from the surreal straight into a reality that is uncomfortably close to home. There are no cheap tricks, the chills does not stem from the unknown, but from reminding us of the known that is so terrifying.The 3D modeling is crude but effective, the sound effects and voice carry the game.The game is only about an hour long. The author recommends that it be played in one sitting (you can't save), and with headphones, and while you can do the headphones or not (a good sound system is probably better), having an hour in a dimly lit room with no distractions seems a good way to play this.It's good."
,Recommended,395270,20863940,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,lake.kubilius,"I recommend this game, but it's a tepid thumbs up.  I'm a solid fan of this developer in general, but I don't think this is his best.First, I've played through it twice now and the story is... less clear than I would like.  That's both good and bad.  The story is clear enough that I know it's not supposed to be clear.  I'm fairly sure I understand the high-level backstory behind the two characters.  I'm also reasonably sure I understand the ""perspective"" that causes some of the rapid swings in the environment and other oddities.  But there's the lingering sense that I'm missing something.  A feeling as if I've managed to figure out the backstory while somehow overlooking the plot.  It's odd.  What I think I understand isn't a bad story -- it has some very intriguing themes going.  It's just that they don't seem to be going forward.  At all.  Like unearthing the backstory IS the story, but nothing moves forward once you grasp the setup.Second, though the game does explain why you don't have an inventory...  I'm still more inclined to just call the interface ""unfinished.""Third, it can be REALLY hard to see where you're going the first time you play.  This has pros and cons.  Pros: atmospheric, very pretty, appropriately creepy.  Cons: can occasionally get lost in a seemingly infinite black void because you can't tell the difference between lack of light and walls.All in all, rough around some edges, but an interesting experience I wish we saw a lot more of!"
76561197969875942,Recommended,395270,23215765,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Dvine,"You start off locked in a shed.The puzzles are logical and straightforward object manipulation puzzles, much like the Penumbra series.The psychological background is disturbing and begs for more.I found the dev's previous game The Moon Sliver, somewhat underwhelming, but felt there was potential, this game is definitely better.Most of my gameplay videos are first impression vids, however I screwed up that footage, so for this game, I made walkthrough of my second run instead. Walkthrough, so it obviously includes spoilers.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piJRY-qBIjk"
,Not Recommended,395270,19106324,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Nellodee,"This is the first Szymanski game that I didn't enjoy. The music and sound design is as fantastic as always, and I appreciate that some (maybe all) of the puzzles have more than one solution, but I found the whole process of searching and interacting with the world to be frustrating and boring. However, I definitely recommend all his other games; Fingerbones, The Moon Sliver, and The Music Machine."
,Recommended,395270,30348511,Posted: 5 March,all,Magnex91,"It's a short game, but its absolutely chilling. I played it in the dark, completely alone, and I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. The acting on this game really sold it for me. It was a really compelling performance, and didn't feel overdone at all.My only complaint is the gameplay. It's sort of dull, but if you can overlook somewhat boring gameplay in favor of a gripping atmosphere and story, then I can absolutely recommend it."
76561198025607300,Recommended,395270,19586988,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Morton Koopa Jr.,"I'd been meaning to replay this game a second time before submitting a review, mainly because of some plot developments that really demand a second viewing in order to contextualize properly the things that are happening in the game.I did play the devs' previous games multiple times, but I have to admit, part of the reason why I'd taken so long here was because AWIA SCARES me. People may differ on what they conceive as horror, but for me, this is a horror game. Yes, it continues the sort of exploratory and puzzle style with focus on narration and story from the dev's previous games, but it is terrifying to me.It begins with some text that appears straightforward, but then gets increasingly intense as the text screens progress, accompanied by some very aptly ominous music. And that's just the prologue before the game begins. You awaken to find yourself in a bright, oversaturated, and mesmerizing arboreal environment. And things seem pleasant again. Yeah, you're locked in a shed, but you easily get out, and you're able to communicate with your mom. But as you begin to explore your surroundings, things get more unnerving, and you find yourself feeling more vulnerable.That's much as I can really describe of the setting without spoiling anything. The story in AWIA is a bit vague and unclear at first (and even a little after a second viewing), but it's not a disservice to the game. It's a very surreal experience, and the game does an excellent job of slowly giving more information to the player about who you are and what is going on. It's actually done very well, and adds to why the game is so scary to me. I can't really say much, but just the little bits of flavor text when you pick up certain items, or enter certain areas help to convey, although not so subtly, very organically, bits and pieces of your character (like why you can only carry one item at a time).Speaking of flavor text, the dev mentioned to me in a previous comment how one of the things he added in The Music Machine, was a larger variety of objects in the world to interact with because he felt that it added immersion. I definitely agree, and it was one of the things I liked in TMM versus The Moon Sliver. It gets even better in this game. When you attempt to use certain objects to deal with certain puzzles, there's actually unique text describing why your item doesn't work, instead of a generic “this item does not work here”. It's great, and I could be wrong, but I think there are also different ways to solve some of the different puzzles. All this just adds to the immersion, that you really are a little girl just fumbling around trying to figure stuff out.And as you try to figure stuff out, the game may seem a bit slow at the beginning (at least it was for me, because I could not figure out many of the puzzles without quite a bit of roaming about because the...trigger points aren't as obvious), but it's quite rewarding, and like many good horror films...it gets increasingly disturbing as you progress, until you get to the final sequence and it's just snowballing in your face.Overally, I greatly recommend this if you're into the previous games by the dev. And even if you weren't, I feel like you might have a different opinion about this. The game is much more intense. The puzzles are much more interesting. And the voice acting is incredible (as I said, this game legitimately scares me. It's emotionally taxing for all sorts of reasons). The story and characters seem rich. I say seem, because again, it's a bit unclear. But as I said, it's not a bad thing, and I look forward to additional plays, and looking through internet discussions to piece together exactly what is going on between the girl and her mother.The graphics are gorgeous, and very fitting as you'll find. The music is excellent as with the dev's previous works. And at the end of the day. It's cheap, it's a quick play (under an hour). If you're looking for a quick, immersive, horror experience but with more emotional and narrative substance, I'm not sure you can really do better than this."
76561198179553159,Not Recommended,395270,18717428,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BibbityBoppityPOW,"While it was an interesting idea, the game fell flat in the ending. I played it in maybe an hour, and wasn't very scared or on edge at all. The graphics were pretty good, but loading between scenes took quite a while. A good play through, but I would have rather just watched someone play on Youtube."
,Recommended,395270,22820293,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kaptain DTSW,"""I should have aborted you""9/10 - Reminds me of my actual mother"
76561198097498711,Recommended,395270,31627905,Posted: 8 May,all,Scarab,"This is a game I played in a very short time, but it's one which will stay with me for probably the rest of my life.I am normally hesitant to deal with games that handle such harsh topics as A Wolf in Autumn does, for two reasons: either they are too psychologically painful for me to handle (I'm kind of anxious) or they just... aren't a good example, or a considered portrayal, of mental illness, or the many real world topics that indie horror games often try to deal with. Even large studio-made games can fall victim to turning mental illness into fodder for a horror story, when the people living with such conditions know far too well: their lives are no ugly plot twist.A Wolf in Autumn is, gladly, neither inconsiderate nor badly written. It forms a complex portrayal of all the characters within, however gruesome their actions; the game tries it's hardest to paint a picture of them -their pain and fear and the things their experiences drive them to. At the same time, it is not apologist and does not try to excuse the characters actions to the audience in the process of explaining their motivations. It deals with incredibly harsh topics such asdrug abuse, child abuse and cruelty to animalsbluntly; with care where needed, but also making no attempts to hide the gruesome horror of the situation the game's child protagonist is experiencing.To summarise.PROS:Decent graphics, attractive (and sometimes disturbing scenery) and an oppressive atmosphere fitting for the setting.Layered characters with complex motivations.Entirely playable within the time limit presented (just as well because the game does not feature a save option.)Definitely scary as h***, with effective (and appropriately rare) jump-scares (one of my friends even indicated that some of the scares I showed in my video of the game were not present for him in his playthrough), as well as the sort of game that will push you to tears at the end.Competent voice action, sfx, and audio.CONSAwkward controls and no inventory meant you could only pick up one item at a time and had to carry things around one after the other to get them in a convenient position and not lose the,. That said, I was sure that the game presented an in universe explanation for why that was.Puzzles unclear - it was sometimes difficult to figure out what the game asked of you. There was no indication, for example, that you couldgo back out of the basement.Perhaps a bit more 'telling not showing' than I feel was strictly necessary."
,Not Recommended,395270,24609942,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,JacktheRam,"I will avoid spoilers, but overall the game has great build-up only to leave an unsatisfying ending that seems like a let-down compared to the journey towards the ending. The puzzles are relatively easy, though become difficult when it's necessary that you bring a flashlight with you everwhere, and have to drop it every time you use another object. The first-person perspective is important to the experience, but it can get dizzying. By the end, I had a migraine. I wanted this game to be good, and the ending really ruined it."
,Recommended,395270,31565443,Posted: 5 May,all,Yldrania,"Game Review: ★★★ (3/5 Stars)A Wolf in Autumn is a remarkably surprising game. You play a nine year old who finds herself locked inside a shed in a fenced area in the middle of the forest. As you manage to break out of the wooden shack that is your prison, you receive a message from your mother, warning you about the dangers of moving about. It is now your choice whether to listen or to continue exploring.Upon choosing the latter, we find ourselves in a short but deed storyline unlike any other captivity story that I have previously encountered. Nothing turns out to be quite the way I expected it to and I assume it would be the same for most anyone who plays this. Having played Fingerbones first there is a resemblance between the two games - obviously since they're both made by the same creator.The graphics are quite nice, and a little odd with unusual color combinations on every-day items. The atmosphere is therefore unique, sometimes relaxing and sometimes creepy. The riddles are a bit weird for me personally but I liked having some trouble passing through the game - it kind of added to that feeling of helplessness and confusion one has the impression the girl must have felt.Altogether a very nice indie game, although sometimes a bit annoying with systems like for example only being able to pick up a single item at a time and not being able to interact with anything while carrying it.Click here for my playthrough if you're interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AP6pvi_Qs1w&list=PLYzlb9Rw0iBSrD4vR6alefIF4wNbKXJ4W&index=1"
76561197970447700,Recommended,395270,18720137,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,oneclipleft,"While the puzzles took me time to get used to (maybe I never quite got used to them, as finding those solutions formed the bulk of my play time, but then again I am not a very good adventure gamer), the intense and rewarding experience that A Wolf In Autumn provides cannot be denied. Szymanski's storytelling prowess shows itself in every image, every sound, and most game interactions, creating an exploration of a topic that many other games shy away from (listen up 'cause gaming needs this. It's important).A lot can be said about a user interface this smooth and simple that still yields so many different possible actions, but I still felt like there were unexplored gameplay possibilities this time around. Previous games felt tight and concise, without a wasted mechanic or item. Everything fed the tale, and the tale fed everything. Ultimately, I felt that the puzzle elements here could get in the way of the meat-and-potatoes (except where the two intertwined to wonderful effect with the button messages reacting to player actions).Symbolism appears in abundance, and Szymanski uses that to reinforce the game's themes in smart ways. This is a game that will ask you to think about its content after it's complete. Maybe even play it a second time to help tie all of its elements together. It adds up to a whole that is equal parts thrilling (hinted threat), engaging (inquisitivity), and repulsive (overt threat). A masterful combination of horror craft.The main takeaway is this (TL;DR): David Szymanski keeps getting better, in every sense. Technical improvements are obvious through screenshots. This game contains more classical game play than his previous titles. His stories are just as powerfully delivered as they have been since Fingerbones hit the indie horror scene.And while some may contend that the game is too short (it is quite short), I contend that that is at least partially the point. The origins of literary horror took root in the short story, in the compact punch that format delivers best. These games are the interactive manifestation of that early horror tradition. You can't have Stephen King's long-winded♥♥♥♥♥without Poe, Hawthorne, and Lovecraft. And we can't rightly have unique interactive horror experiences without our short-form pioneers. Again, the work is important."
76561198263112003,Recommended,395270,19347510,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nerdy Bird,It's a nice twist on horror. It messes with your mind more than just scaring you. Definitely would recommend.
,Not Recommended,395270,23940763,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shizalk,"Interestinggamestory, but very short. If you are going to buy this game, all you'll get is a good short story.  I really liked the graphics and how it makes you feel like you are in a dream all the time, but it ends just when you start enjoying it."
,Recommended,395270,22288122,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bodomi,"A very strange psychological horror puzzle game. Very strange indeed.The game is short, I completed it in ~40 minutes.The puzzles well.. I hate to call them puzzles but technically they are puzzles, so yea, the puzzles aren't to hard. Once you've played it for about 3 minutes you get the hang of it and things shouldn't be to difficult, but they are made in a clever way. But if you're stuck just use a walkthrough, nothing wrong with that.I mean.. I don't really know how to properly review this game.You play as a little girl with one hand as I understand it, you're in a locked in a shed which you complete apuzzleto get out of, you then recieve a message from your mother, once you progress in the game you get more increasingly aggresive messages from your mother.The gameplay for what kind of game it is, is great, the story is... fine(when I say story I mean the dialouge and the text you're introduced with/the game ends with).If you're familiar with this developers previous games then expect the same atmosphere, and strange game in a different setting.This developer really knows how to do psychological horror the right way, great to play in the dark.The game is grim, the atmosphere is dark.It's hard to not spoil the story when talking about it so I wont. Experience it for yourself.I don't want to go into it more. Try it for yourself when you're in the right mindset, it's short and cheap, nothing to lose.But, as always with these games, you have to play it when you're in the right mood/mindset to properly enjoy it, to get what you want out of it.I think everyone who already enjoy games like these, strange games, walking simulators etc... know what I am talking about.I personally don't think you can just go into a game likeGone Homeat anytime, you have to be in the correct mood to really enjoy it.If you know you're not in the right mood then wait and play it when you are in the correct mood.By the way the starting area of the game has extremely bright colours, they actually made my eyes weird.. I don't know how to explain, so if you have any health related issues with that then don't play this.*One thing I always recommend developers of games like this is add some achievements. It does sell your game to completionists who want 100% achievements in games. It doesn't take much effort to add some, just do it."
,Recommended,395270,23479266,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mushy the Bad Clonefish,Just finished up this little game. I tend to like the ones this guy makes. Though they are more story-focused experiences than games (they are walking sims for the most part). It’s kind’ve a thinky game in that it presents an uncomfortable topic in an interesting way that makes you want/have to think about it. I would say you should give it a go (especially since it takes less than an hour).
,Not Recommended,395270,23527947,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,thainen,"This short game starts and ends with lines after lines of purple prose -- paragraph-long sentences without a single punctuation mark. Between them lies what can be best described as purple prose in form of game mechanic. It tries to make a point, to tell a story of a troubled girl, her inner struggles and relationship with her mother. The game's creator knows his environmental storytelling tools well (probably too well) and applies them as much as possible, trying to create a story through objects and rooms, rather than text. Then, probably realizing it doen't work, he goes back to telling the story through monologues. Either way, both the story and its characters are vague and pointless, ultimately going nowhere.As a diploma project in a game design school thit would probably earn the author an A. As an actual game to buy with your money and put an hour into playing, it doesn't deserve any attention."
76561198049733975,Recommended,395270,26302128,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Son of Simon,"I'm not a fan of walking simulators or horror games. I like most of David Szymanski's. This one is stranger and more disturbing than his others. It also has more puzzles and gameplay than the others. The puzzles are simple, but planning and executing the solutions is where most of the gameplay comes from. For in-game reasons, you have no inventory and can only carry one object at a time. This ""environment as inventory"" style of inventory management is surprisingly fun and engaging.  From start to finish this game is full of nightmare fuel."
,Recommended,395270,25847561,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,The Centipede,"A Wolf In Autumnis a very short story--scratch that, ""tone poem""--disguised as a puzzle game. In comparison, the developer's earlier work,Fingerbones, was a short story that started with after the end of the world and went downhill from there: what happens if a guy who's read far too much Nietzsche for his own good survives the end of the world? Mr. Szymanski's sense of horror is primary psychological, and the psychological trigger he enjoys pulling most is transgression.Fingerboneswas a story that started mundane and, as the player went through the motions of a puzzle game, it slowly transgressed the usual player's conventional morals. By the end, youknowwhat's going to happen. You dread it, but, like craning one's neck at the grim-looking traffic accident, the sick part of your soul has to make sure.A Wolf In Autumnalso gets its creepshow factor from transgression. However, unlikeFingerbones, itstartswalking past the line from the word go: you're a little girl. You're a nine-year-old girl, alone, locked in a shed by your mother. In Szymanski fashion, it all goes downhill from there. Lines are, of course, crossed and that is whereA Wolf In Autumnis most effective. It also does well with tension and suspense. There are one or two things that could be considered jump scares, but either they fall flat or I'm just not particularly susceptible to them and they're the game's weakest part.Don't buyA Wolf In Autumnfor gameplay or expansive content, since it is only about an hour long. Those will inevitably disappoint you if you put much value in them. Buy it and play it if you want... a poem. A feeling. A theme. IfFingerboneswas about the potential barbarism in people well past the pale of everyday existence,A Wolf In Autumnlooks to things closer to home. By the end of the game, you'll realize you probably know at least one person that this tone poem comes dangerously close to describing. Depending on where you live, that person might live down the street and there may be a handful of them to boot.If you're particularly unlucky, you might find it speaks to your own condition."
,Recommended,395270,28077635,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wirdjos,"A Wolf in Autumn follows the trend of David Szymanski's last two games (The Moon Sliver and The Music Machine) of dropping the player into a strange and slightly unnerving environment with little to no explanation for why they are there or what they should do about it. While leaning further into the use of color and shadows that set the mood so well in The Music Machine, this game also places a heavier emphasis on puzzles than his previous games which makes A Wolf in Autumn feel even less like a walking simulator than its predecessors. However, a total lack of explanation regarding the game's mechanics and simplistic controls can make for painfully obtuse puzzles, stalling the narrative instead of enhancing it. The traditional game mechanics could use some work, but the foreboding atmosphere and the thought provoking quality Szymanski is so adept at infusing his games with is present in full force here.A second playthrough of this hour-long game is useful both for understanding the cryptic dialogue of the beginning in the context of the game's conclusion and also for catching all those things that might have been missed while stumbling around trying to understand how the game works. The experience is quite short and very little is ever revealed, leaving the player to guess at its full meaning. Whether that's because A Wolf in Autumn asks the player to really reach for their own understanding or it's just trying to hold onto its mystique by being vague, the ending left me shaking and eager to pour over what meager details were given for answers. So how ever it came about, the experience is potent and thus effective either way. And that's what matters."
76561198044917795,Recommended,395270,34032261,Posted: 5 August,all,Pale Caesar,"Unless I'm out of the loop, A Wolf in Autumn diverges away from Szymanski's Moon Sliver/Music Machine universe. If you've played those games, you know what you're in for with this game. Of his walking puzzle narratives, this is probably the prettiest looking one, particularly the opening stage set inside a forest.Unlike the ""Moon"" saga, A Wolf in Autumn focuses strongly on metaphor. That's not to say the ""Moon"" saga didn't have metaphors in it - it does - but there is a distinct difference between what happens in the Moon saga and this game. I won't say anything more.I still recommend this game, but of his walking puzzle narratives that cost money, this was probably my least favorite; I think it may have less to do with the story of this game and more to do with the fact that I want more of the ""Moon"" saga storyline. I absolutely love those two games (Moon Sliver; Music Man), and would always love Szymanski doing more stories that are connected to that world.On its own merit, A Wolf in Autumn is a good $2 game and still gives food for thought. I think it is less complicated than the Moon saga, which may be a good start for gamers who would like to see a little more of what Szymanski is about if they liked Fingerbones."
,Recommended,395270,23530076,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Princess Pancakes,"This game hit surprisingly close to home for me. What a disturbing nightmarish atmosphere based around the relationship between a Mother and Daughter. I was a little creeped out in parts and got the chills a couple of times from the things the Mother said as I completed puzzles. I loved the look of this game and for $1.00 on sale I'm very satisfied with my experience. This game may be short, but it leaves you thinking and is full of symbolism."
76561198052554580,Not Recommended,395270,21433041,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,daschus,"I was extremely disappointed in this game after it had been highly recommended as a solid story.  It's not.  The opening and ending text is poorly crafted and the grammar is atrocious, thus making it difficult to read.  The twist about the main character, Autumn, negates anything that you think is happening.  And while normally this could be considered cool (the twist) it doesn't fit in with the beginning and ending text at all.  The puzzles are fine, if simple, as they weren't really the point of the story in the end.  Plus, the whole ""look at the water/waves"" thing reminded me too much of Carol from Walking Dead saying ""Look at the fllowers.""Also, the graphics are difficult as they can't be adjusted, so the outside is a mash up of obnoxious color and flickering light."
76561198114329065,Recommended,395270,25369327,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,mellowmolly2001,"I delightful romp in the mind of a troubled girl...possibly part dolphin.The mechanics definately work, the puzzles were only slightly confusing at points...but much props the voice acctress. I hope she doesn't kiss her children with that mouth...."
76561197998889273,Recommended,395270,23730398,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,wander j,"Well,after playing four of David Szynotevengoingtotryandspellitproperly's games I have to say that ,while they are enjoyable, they really need to start evolving. The first game was effective because you didn't realize it was a barren world devoid of actual threat. All oppressive atmosphere and nothing else. But now,I know what to expect and it isn't having any real impact. While the graphics and sound, voice acting especially, show improvement the narratives follow an established pattern. Unconventional but becoming predictable."
76561198035207413,Recommended,395270,28813340,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,joseph_a_weiss,If you like games that deal with ______ _______ and threats of violence against ________ from their own _______ that also have ______ undertones and fair bit of disturbing symbolism including a giant metal _____ pounding away into a ____ __ ____ with a pointy _____ then this game is for you!!!Self-censored to avoid spoilers or any content whatsoever!!
,Recommended,395270,24146122,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,xainy,"Very oppressive atmosphere, definitely helped that I used headphones. The story was intriguing, as all David Szymanski games are, and I really enjoyed this one. Proud of myself for getting through it, I was pretty scared by the end! Paid full price and don't regret it at all, despite the short play time. May play through once more, I think it would be interesting to go through the plot again while knowing how it ends."
76561198062508168,Recommended,395270,18731184,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Praetorian,"~This game review is written by Jynx~As the product of an abusive childhood, this game was difficult for me to process and reflect on upon completion.  Even in saying that, this game was well worth playing for many reasons.  It has a surreal and visually interesting environment with real world mechanics and ""common sense"" puzzles.  Julie Hoverson did a fantastic job with the ""mommy dearest"" character, with the silent text narrative being just as compelling.  With all of the above combined, this game touches on many complicated topics and portrays an eerily acurate dipiction of what its like to struggle with isolation and the inner demons brought on by abuse.  If I could, I'd give David Szymanski a warm hug, because he or someone he knows clearly understands this issue.  I did a Let's Play for it, if you'd like to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2KKkSu5GH0"
,Recommended,395270,24514628,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Merlotmanick,"Short and eerie experience, a one hour game that will stay with you for a while."
76561198063926447,Recommended,395270,20717392,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Roughbark,More dream symbolism than I can shake my dream journals at.
76561198140442560,Recommended,395270,23884123,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,IAmThePonch,"Another strange game from a guy who specializes in strange games.I actually liked this one more than Fingerbones and The Moon Sliver. This one felt more personal and intimate, plus it had much creepier effects, like dogs whimpering.Anyways, you play as a young girl in a shack in the middle of a forest. After breaking you, you must figure out smal puzzles in the environment while a woman claiming to be your mother becomes increasingly hostile towards you as you make progress.This was a really interesting one, with lots left open to interpretation. But like I said, the atmosphere is good and it's a good game to think about. I personally had a much more gruesome take on the game than others have, but I'm not sure how intentional that was. Anyways, this is worth a look when it'son sale for dirt cheap. Another solid game. Next up is the Music Machine."
,Recommended,395270,34496673,Posted: 25 August,all,Gamer,"This game is a pretty unique 1 hour sitting game filled with scary, creepy, and disturbing things. This game will have a lot of voice acting dialogue and reading as well. There will be a lot of interaction with objects on this game and you will have to solve some puzzles on this game.This game will only take an hour to play and finish but also there is no save system on this game.All in all, I highly recommend this game but get this game when it goes on sale! :)"
76561198160657545,Recommended,395270,22766036,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,RayBro16,"This game was truly fascinating! despite it's short length, it still managed to grasp the feeling of something very wrong. not only that, it's story was one of the most gripping and relatable stories i've experienced. it made me want to hug my mother and tell her i love her and how proud of her i am for going through so much for me and my siblings. Definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,395270,25297543,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Johnny Knoxville,"You wake up as a young girl locked in a shed by your mother. At first sight it appears that she wants you to be safe, but the tide is turning... The journey to find an escape begins.This game contains interesting level designs + puzzles, excellent voice acting + writing + subtle soundtrack and the visuals are beautiful, especially the colors are well used - the autumn vibe is a feast for the eyes. I think the scariest part of this game is the child abuse, the creator seems to have a good understanding of the issues he brings up - it may be too triggering for child abuse victims.All in all a good atmospheric horror game to dawdle away a little time."
76561198076811571,Not Recommended,395270,33300170,Posted: 5 July,all,Filmfan37,"I played this game alone at night and my conclusion is...its a solid shrug. It has its good points but the game has several flaws that take away from the overall enjoyment. The voice acting for the mother is great and most of the good horror vibes come from her. The art design is beautiful, if not sometimes a little too saturated, but is works because it creates such an unique environment. However, the game glitches a decent amount. For example, when in the basement you must turn lights on in order to see objects that you want to pick up but the lights glitch on/off making it annoying to grab an item.As a horror game its meh, there is only one jumpscare which is tame and the eerie atmosphere while interesting is not scary. I wanted to get into the story but because most of the story came from blurbs of text at the start/end of the game I could not. The game is also short which can be seen as a good/bad depending on the player."
,Recommended,395270,24784964,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Pogo,"Unsettling.The first area was- no. Nope, that's it. That's all I have today. Unsettling.Unsettling / 10"
,Recommended,395270,18714965,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kirbuster,"(versión en español a continuación)Wait,Is this... a proper menu? In David's games?This is it. I'm done. Whatever I could say afterwards would be pointless.///////////////////////////////Ejem.A Wolf in Autumn is about a girl locked down in a shed. The first puzzle is quite simple, but what I liked the most was the fact that there's not just one way to solve it. And the ones who follow may have another solution as well...While other David's games puzzles are easy to solve (or almost nonexistent) this change is, I can tell, for the best (even I got stuck once).The music in this game is less present as in The Music Machine, but it does sound good, and the ambiental sounds are well placed.It also has dubbed text! However, as English is not my primary language, even though I could understand the 95% of the words spoken, subtitles would be a nice addition.Graphics have improved since last time, although I'm not very picky with this things as far as it looks nice and run smoothly.Finally, the story is really great, as you don't know anything until it's too late... And perhaps even then you won't.I personally recommend A Wolf in Autumn if you enjoy story-driven games, puzzles, and a little of horror in the cocktail.And it's now just a single euro! Buy! Right now!-------------------------------------------------Espera.¿Es esto.... un menú en condiciones? ¿En un juego de David?Ya está. Me rindo. Cualquier cosa que pudiera decir después sería en vano.///////////////////Ejem.A Wolf in Autumn trata de una chica que aparece encerrada en un cobertizo. El primer puzle es sencillo, pero lo que más me ha gustado es el hecho de que no hay una única forma de resolverlo. Incluso los puzles que le siguen pueden que tenga más de una posibilidad...Mientras que en otros juegos de David los puzles son fáciles (o inexistentes), este cambio ha sido a mejor (incluso me quedé atrancado una vez).La música está menos presente que en The Music Machine (otro juego del autor), pero suena bien, y los sonidos ambientales están bien implementados.¡Incluso tiene voces en el juego! Eso sí, puesto que mi idioma principal no es el inglés, pese a que entendí muchas palabras, unos subtítulos hubieran venido bien.Los gráficos han mejorado desde la última vez, si bien es cierto que tampoco me preocupo por ellos, siempre y cuando funcionen bien.Finalmente, con respecto a la historia cabe decir que está bastante bien. Sin desvelar nada lo único que puedo decir es que no sabrás realmente nada hasta que sea demasiado tarde... E incluso entonces quizás tampoco.Recomiendo personalmente este juego a aquellos que les guste los juegos con una buena historia, puzles y, por qué no, un toque terrorífico. Y además, ahora mismo vale un euro. ¡Corred, malditos!"
76561197997939833,Not Recommended,395270,19802626,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mausi,I really want to be able to play this game but unfortunately the colour choices and lighting makes it very difficult to do!  It's a real shame because I think the environment could be really cool and beautiful but everything clashes and hurts my eyes and I just can't see enough to be able to progress very far in the game.
,Not Recommended,395270,18742193,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,RWN,"Completed in thirty minutes. Would have been shorter but I missed an obvious wrench in one of the rooms. It's not a puzzle by any stretch, it's just uninteresting hard to see graphics due to the saturation and walking backwards and forwards trying to find tools whilst being frustrated that you can only carry one at a time. The underlying ""story"" behind it isn't particulary amazing either. Just another recycled ""mother is having doubts about her child"".The positive reviews seem to be people flogging their Let's Play or some biased link to the developer.If this was anymore than £1 I would bother to refund it. Worth it for the price, but if it was ever charged any more then don't bother."
76561198168854164,Recommended,395270,18715495,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ghostgirl,"beyond amazing, gameplay is good and the sound effects are amazing and add a lot to the game.  The whole time your curious and then as answers fall into place... answers you wheren't sure you wanted to no.  But... is everything as real as it first seemed?"
,Recommended,395270,20608915,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,FreshRot,"This is the story of a short girl with one arm who just wants out of her shed.Her mother is possessed by drugs and no one deserves that horror, however I think she may deserve the one arm.Let's just say it's complicated.A Wolf in Autumn is an eerily intriguing adventure, with some nice puzzles that actually require logic as opposed to traditional adventure shenanigans. You'll explore a bit, use a few tools, and do a few things, all while piecing together the story. Few horror games are about such a realistic subject; a literal scourge on humanity.Drugs are bad, mmm'kay?"
76561198182982775,Recommended,395270,26362853,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,pablonesmrtelny,I just love David Szymanski's games. I would rate this one below The Music Machine but it was still an awesome experience!8/10
76561197999892327,Recommended,395270,23492123,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Serious,pretty cool little psychologial horror.But i think music machine is his best game ;)
76561198006849221,Recommended,395270,32752941,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,Family is forever.
,Recommended,395270,18753851,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,GiLneration,Another indie horror masterpiece.
,Recommended,395270,18723658,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DJ Chloe,"It's fun and quite interesting, but it has no replay value which is a bit disapointing. Is it worth the price? For sure.However if you don't feel like playing it, you can always look atvideos online."
,Recommended,395270,29455820,Posted: 23 January,all,Mazidox,"Awesome psychological horror game. Twist I was not expecting and creepy vibes throughout. Also, very very short, took me about 45 minutes to finish I think. Highly recommend.The only bad part in my opinion is the colors are highly highly saturated and can be very bright (or very dark in some areas).Here is a video of my first time playing it so that you can get an idea of what the game is like:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8QeCHGOt38"
76561198182771167,Not Recommended,395270,18715639,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Abominable,"I liked aspects of this game, it was created well, had a some what good story idea and making the player think about what to do next was good. However would i recommend this game? Unfortunately not. I thought the story was a little loose, the use or lack of punctuation and grammer was irritating and if I were to play it again, I could probably complete it in 10 minutes. No effort was used to gain the tools and equipment to proceed in the game. Finally with a possitive note I enjoyed the use of colour and lighting in the game and did find it to live up to a phycological horror which i liked, very good for that reason."
76561198143972439,Not Recommended,395270,26116183,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ZeroPantz™,"Got lost in the darkness, after going inside, because had to drop my flashlight to pick up an item, at the lack of an inventory. Not sure if this was deliberate but I really didn't like it. Whether it was a deliberate gameplay gimmick, or just the developer not thinking of making an inventory, both are just as bad. Because it adds no actual gameplay value at all and just makes the experience annoying. A no from me."
,Not Recommended,395270,18944452,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Premium Rumpus,I speak the name of this game contemptuously and with pride as a woman I have lived more than the devs will ever know and I am proud to say this is one of the worst games I have ever had the misfortune of playing zealously and cried from uproarous laughter when I read the 6 part into. Even then. And so I contemtuously speak the name of this game and it gives me no pride as a woman to have played it and I am not proud to have spent the 5 minutes that I did in this game and it is with great pride as a woman that I now go to uninstall and delete and remove and format and get refunded for this as I would rather die with pride as a woman than play this game. Even then.
76561198005444839,Not Recommended,395270,19689294,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,William_Dracul,"Nope. Short and not really interesting. Then again, what can you get for 2 € nowadays?"
,Not Recommended,395270,19969217,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,♂ Villager ♂ #апермс,No mouse Y-axis invertion possibility.
76561198047880110,Recommended,395270,18721215,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kerberos,This is... really disturbing.... yet very fascinating: a distressing story of a little girl that will escape from her nightmares!
,Recommended,395270,18721279,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Quizzle,"I played this as part 2 of my Halloween Special on youtube and it's perfect for a short experience!Having played Fingerbones and the demo for ""The Grandfather"" I can tell this game is straight from David Szymanski's style. The notes and game composition are very similar to Fingerbones.If you're looking for a good horror-puzzle game to spent your evening on, this would definitely be it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Waww9ktE3E"
,Recommended,395270,19815630,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Zenith,A Wolf in Autumn is a psychological horror game with a creepy backstory.
76561198204213873,Not Recommended,395270,18720068,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,shefox,"it was just meh, worth the $1"
,Not Recommended,395270,25534175,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,BrandyBuizel,"Okay, So I just played this game and had a very strong emotional reaction to it.  No, I did not enjoy A Wolf in Autumn.  However the review I initially wrote is not constructive to the game and wouldn't be suited for the Steam Rules and Guidelines; plus it was way too long.If you would like to hear my complete and unfiltered opinion I've got three links below each with a page from the review:page 1page 2page 3I would like to end on this, please read other peoples reviews and viewpoints on any and all games.  Icannot have an opinion for you or your purchase, I can only sway you like everyone else."
,Not Recommended,395270,25442594,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Rogue,"Meh.  It's fine for what it is.  Play it if you get it in a cheap bundle or something, but I wouldn't pay $2 for it."
,Not Recommended,395270,25637674,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pisty,This game is an utter waste of time.
,Not Recommended,395270,31979199,Posted: 26 May,all,Roran( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥and so bad, it made me bust out laughing so hard.For example, when you open the door to the wolf, I walked right in to it and it just walked passed throught me and ignored me and awkwardly slithered around the room for a few minutes with its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ block red bulging eyes. I had to angle my self in in front it to notice me and ""jumpscare"" me10/10 would die of laughter again"
,Not Recommended,395270,18822692,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Definitely Not A Clod,"The graphics were pretty and the puzzles were alright. If you're interested in puzzles in point-and-click games, I found better ones online for free. However, those free ones don't really come with the nice graphics as this one.The story itself was lacking. I didn't really feel disturbed. It didn't live up to the whole ""psychological horror"" genre. The ""troubled child"" trope is overdone, I feel, and that coupled with the endingit's all a dreamreally makes it... enh.That said, if you're into puzzles with pretty graphics, this is the game for you. It's only $1.99 when not on sale, so why not?"
76561198014141178,Recommended,395270,18819145,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,LeGrill,"Short with no replay value but for the price it is certainly worth it. Good voice acting and a well done surreal feel to the game, I really like the creators style that comes across in their other games as well, for a short little time waster definetely can't go wrong, just for being something different worth a buy."
,Not Recommended,395270,18851553,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MY MAGNUM DONG,just watch a play through honestly. game is super short and even the story falls short of what it could be. not really worth paying money for tbh.
,Recommended,395270,18935454,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,The Rainman,"I just finished this game, and while I'm not a professional critic I am a critical consumer. Having said this I wanted to voice my opinion to aid anyone interested in this title. This was my first experience with David Syzmanski's work, and now look forward to exploring this developer more in the future.Although this game is short ""A Wolf in Autumn"" is clever. Not really exhibiting major elements of the horror genre, but exploring emotion and the human psyche through a narrative of despair and pain. The simplistic story works well and is quite beautiful and poetic in its finality.""A Wolf in Autumn"" was an enjoyable experience, earning its price tag and my recommendation.-A short review, for a short title-"
76561198014176752,Recommended,395270,18991979,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,cosmicspider,"Well I knew going in that it would be a short game but it seems like it ended so abruptly. Things were just starting to really get creepy and twisted and -BAM, the game was over. It did give me a few challenges, wondering what items to use to perform different tasks. I'll also admit to being quite spooked, and even seriously frightened at one point. The voice acting for the mother is great and really helps with the story. So in the end, my only complaint would be it ended oddly, as in I had no idea I was nearing a sort of end."
,Recommended,395270,18716855,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,little wolf,"it's a good game if you want a creepy game to kill an hour, the voice acting is good.  the astthetics were good though i found it a little difficult to see what i was doing in the garden area because of all the shadows.   There were a few parts where i felt like i was being watched and as though someone was behind you, and parts where your mind plays tricks on you.8/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,395270,18724855,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Spartin115,"David Szymanski has managed to make a fairly interesting game here, that touches on some concepts that are not usually investigated in the medium. Despite all its flaws, the game still has something going for it, and it was better that I was expecting for a cheap indie game on steam. I would recommend checking it out, but only if you are willing to spend the $1.20 on a something that has quite a few flaws. If this is was a mod for another game, or realised freely, I feel that I would absolutely recommend it, but the extremely short running time of this product, combined with the relative jankyness might make it hard to justify the price, even if it’s less that an packet of chips. While this is a very interesting game, I’ve seen a number of projects that ellipse the scope of this game be released as mods, such as the original version of the Stanley parable or The Worry of Newport, so that may also make the purchase just that much more difficult. However, if you have $1.20 left over from selling your steam trading cards, I would say give it a go. It’s not the best thing on the planet, but it’s definitely interesting.Full video review here:https://youtu.be/xPv9vZEPN_4"
,Recommended,395270,18724269,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Timelord33,"A quality narrative. I would point out that this game is short but it's not really a valid point as this game is only as long as it needs to be. Tightly delivering its story without any clutter or filler. Another enjoyable game from David Szymanski! The world needs more game like this.I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a quality short-story experience. I would not recommend it to those who value gameplay over narrative (not to say the gameplay is bad, it's excellent in fact just not much is required to convey the narrative)."
76561198067345245,Recommended,395270,18781762,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,RefusedLegend,"The game is a metaphor. Your mom tells you not to leave the fence, so you don't.  The more I think about it, it's more of a allegory than a metaphor. ♥♥♥♥♥es."
76561198036918089,Recommended,395270,18795035,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MapleOmega,"A Wolf in Autumn demonstrates a large progressional leap forward if you have been following David's work.David's version of horror is the underlying premise of what lurks beneath, this started out mostly in Fingerbones and i felt was a bit absent in the Music Machine, but none the less has made a wonderful return to form.Piecing together what Autumn has gone through in her existence, and her Mother's prevalant drug addiction, combining that with stellar visuals, and some creepy sounds makes for a wonderful psychological horror experience.Watching David's transformation through his work is a fantastic experience can't wait to see the next one."
,Recommended,395270,18818527,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,night_trekker,"David Szymanski is one of those indie developers making ""games as art."" Even to open-minded players, that can be a turn-off. There is no lack of pretentious, patronizing, and often preachy nonsense out there, and that can understandibly sour gamers towards arthouse titles. But unlike those developers, Szymanski is creating profound, memorable experiences with compact, well-written narratives, and he is doing so with no agenda but his artistic vision.My first of Szymanski's games was the free Fingerbones, which was strong enough to get me to pay for futher games. The second was the powerful The Moon Silver, which is by far my favorite of his stories. And the third is A Wolf in Autumn. All three games place an emphasis on psychological horror, and all three are short, playable in a single one-hour sitting. All three contain characters constructed through text, audio, and, for the playable characters, gameplay. You generally won't see character models on-screen, but that doesn't detract from the experience. Anyone who has played a well-crafted text-heavy game (or read a good book, for that matter) knows memorable characters are created through writing, not through visuals. Gameplay can be described, and not inaccurately, as ""walking simulator with puzzles,"" and that's fine. That's all that needed.There's not much I can say specifically without spoiling the experience of A Wolf in Autumn. When it intends to be beautiful, it's beautiful. When it intends to be spooky, it is. It's better than Fingerbones, though it doesn't live up to The Moon Silver, which does a better job of using its limitations to its advantage. Like all of Szymanski's games, it sticks with you. You'll be thinking about the story long after you finish playing. That's a compliment.Bottom line: if you like psychological horror, aventure games, and you value games as a way to tell stories, you like A Wolf in Autumn. You'll like everything from Szymanski, in fact. My only suggestion is to start with Fingerbones, which, again, is free. If you enjoy that, you'll enjoy the rest. I can't wait to try The Music Machine!"
76561197969782921,Recommended,395270,18996544,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Flatline,"Played Fingerbones, was left feeling unsettled.Played A Wolf in Autumn, was left feeling unsettled.While I commend the author for their talent in sliding right under the player's skin, and *twisting*... any chance of a happy fluffy tale of smiling things that aren't harbouring some deep psychological trauma?I think I need a break before I try the others..."
76561197981706607,Not Recommended,395270,19132456,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Amalzain,"Apparently this designer has a fan club.  I'm not in it.  This is a short experience, not really a game, that feels more like someone working through some emotional issues than trying to entertain.  I'm normally okay with walking simulators (and this isn't one of those - there are actual puzzles; some of which are illogical or poorly explained), but the experience on display here was unpleasant for no real reason. I do appreciate that there are multiple solutions for several of the challenges, the environment is well done if over-saturated, and the ambient music in the main section is nice, but this didn't do anything for me except annoy.  Your mileage may vary, and apparently if you're already a fan of the designer then this is another in the same vein and you'll like it.  For the rest of us, it's probably not worth even the hour it will take to work through."
,Recommended,395270,19135807,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,zombiecamel,"Another stunning short game by mr Szymański. Although it's not as good as the Music Machine in terms of visual style and storytelling, it offered one hour of unsettling experience I enjoyed."
,Recommended,395270,19269994,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,thefaygowaitress,"Its honestly a very good game.  Playing as a 9 year old  little girl with only one arm, with an abusive/ drug addicted mother who screams at you for ""leaving the shed/cage"" while wolves threaten you from the other side of doors and the fence. Spooked me. It's a bit of a puzzle though! Frustration and fear makes a good game!"
76561198025183141,Recommended,395270,19330362,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DigitalMeowMix,creepy and beautiful
76561198098210577,Recommended,395270,19298041,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Anonymoose,"I really like this game. I sadly can't get a steady FPS (this is from my machine), so I am putting this off for awhile. This game nails the creepy atmosphere, and doesn't require jump scares or blood and gore to do so. This game's beauty adds on to the immersive atmosphere. And since it's about two USD, I would reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198089460709,Recommended,395270,19338908,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Allzure,A short melancholy tale that will leave quite an inpression when you'r done. Most definate play for people who like practacle puzzles and a bit of surreal mystery. Worth a try on the run time and price alone.
,Recommended,395270,19376941,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,-Samek-,"While I enjoyed The Moon Sliver and The Music Room alot, I feel like this paticular piece is more of the 'Fingerbones' quality. Don't get me wrong, Fingerbones was a delight for a earlier piece of work from him. This title on the other hand, felt like a step back, perhaps even lazier project? Compared to his other titles, this one is just alright. As a standalone affair, I say it builds up environmental atmosphere wonderfully but lacks much in the way of an ellegantly designed story. It did not provoke emotion, it just confused me. When I finally understood, I felt cheated.In summary, you get what you pay for I suppose. Excellent environment/voice acting/ sound track. A rather lack luster writing. Good introduction piece but for fans of his stuff, you'll probably feel let down.7/10"
76561198138216370,Recommended,395270,19600060,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Vetens,"The Game is amazing!The graphics are fantastic and the sound is too.At first, you start understanding very little of what's going on in the game (I believed I was a wolf in the beginning), but while you're solving puzzles everything gets clearer, I suggest to listen to every message that ""Mother"" sends you.The exploration is faboulus, you can solve puzzles in different ways and  you feel in a real world atmosphere finding every type of object that could be useful or not, so you feel really immerged in the game.Well, I don't want to spoil to much so I just suggest the game (I love Szymanski's games, they're awesome!!!).If you want to see how's the game you can check out my Let's Play:PART ONE:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWLbAgAvn-cPART TWO:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HIBoG8ugPcPART THREE (END):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnMkp5gUqBkFeedback is highly appreciated, thanks for watching and enjoy!!"
,Recommended,395270,21118478,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rheactor,"Short interesting story surrounding a other and daughter relationship. Much like his previous games, they keep you thinking afterwards."
,Recommended,395270,21805316,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hazel-rah,Interesting game that really does last only an hour. I wasn't sure where the story was going and was a little disappointed at the end-- but overall neat game to kill an hour with.
,Recommended,395270,21378272,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,HIM,"Very unsettling. The controls are a little weak and its easy to get lost, however, the story and visuals are superb. It's short but leaves you thinking."
76561198062707423,Recommended,395270,19876782,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RyanNess17,"The game is not too bad, it is to able give you a fairly unsettling experience without being obvious about it , as in not constantly using jump scares as most other games would use. The overall art design of the game is stunning and really adds to the haunting atmosphere David Szymanski was trying to create , however what really makes the atmosphere in my opinion is the music and subtle sound effects that make you doubt yourself and have a quick look around your area to make sure you are still alone. Along with great atmosphere the story itself is quite interesting as you start off not knowing anything about your character and it is only with more exploration and progress you delve deeper into the dark fathoms of your characters life.However there are a few things that could be improved on , such as constantly having to drop one item to pick up another, which is explained why, but drags the game out a little longer when it really doesn't have to as there is a point where you end up in a dark room and you can't keep your flashlight on you whilst using other items . Although it does state it is a short horror game I had it completed in like 30 minutes or so which you could argue is worth the 79p I paid for it as it is a really good experience and I guess I am left with wanting a bit more , but the more I am wanting is perhaps more backstory to the character and a bit more explanation. But then again the game does give you enough and I guess you are left to finish it off in your head.Overall i would give the a game a 7/10 based on how cheap I got it and how much I enjoyed playing it.Worth a playthrough at least."
,Recommended,395270,19984216,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,_X_,"Short playthrough, but was good."
,Recommended,395270,20122149,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Spookytown,"A little short, but good"
,Recommended,395270,20113276,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,~NovaCase~,"I like this game. It's interesting with enough difficulty to keep you thinking, which is always good. It's sufficiently creepy with a great atmosphere. The only con I can really find is only being able to carry a single item at a time. Definitely think this game is worth a play!"
,Recommended,395270,20713064,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Nosferatu,"Not necessarily ""horror"", but a short story about a conflict between a mother and daugther."
,Recommended,395270,24434669,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,aidacelic,"It definitely spooked me. I was at the edge of my sit several times even though nothing was happening on screen, it was just pure atmosphere created by the soundtrack, the visuals, and the little bits of storyline all over.For the price it is definitely worth it. However, don't expect a fully fledged storyline that answers your questions. It satisfies only as much as you care about it, which in my case was not a lot."
,Recommended,395270,18736334,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,VincereAutPereo,"For 2 dollars, A Wolf in Autumn is very fairly priced. Expect a quick game, 30 minutes to an hour. You play as a young girl, locked in a shed and told to stay put. But ah, intrepid souls, we must escape. After the start up screen there is a bit of reading for the intro that vaguely sets the mood and gives a sense about what the story is going to be. As far as horror games go, this has some potential, and there are a few moments that are scary, but overall it falls more into the ""a little creepy"" category. From stumbling into the dark basement and scrambling for lights, to the howling of wolves just beyond the fence, the game never quite consistently reaches fear, but settles on more of a sense of unease. This isn't a bad thing, and I applaud the dev for avoiding use of jump scares and other poor horror tactics.Visually, the game does its job well enough, I could tell what's what and no textures or models were so bad they gave me pause. There is, however, one glaring exception. The lighting outside is really not good. I'm not sure what mood the dev was going for when he set those colors, but wonderland acid-trip was probably not it. With the colors a little too bright and the shadows  too dark, solving puzzles outsides becomes kind of a headache because of the contrast. Luckily, because of the games length you quickly descend into the basement, where the colors are more subdued and the darkness is more fitting and atmospheric. So although the terrible outdoor lighting gets the game off on a bad foot, it doesn't ruin the game by any means.The puzzles are relatively simple, with several ways to solve many of them that are intuitive and logical. I would like a little more challenge, but I would rather have logical, simple puzzles, than challenging illogical ones. Not much more to say on these.The story is simple, and could use some fleshing out, but for how long the game is it tells a pretty complete tale. Adding a few more puzzles and some more interactive story telling aspects could really help give the character a face, since even at the end I still know very little about her. As a psychological horror game goes, A Wolf in Autumn is acceptable, but there could be so much more. I would love to see it move through more phases, showing us a little more of each ""layer"" of the main character.Every now and again, a tin box in the middle of the room will light up and start beeping, which means you have a message from your mother waiting. The beeping wasn't too bad, if a little grating, but I feel like some of the horror was taken from the game by the fact that the tracks have to be played maunally. Also, as a note to the dev, why use the tin box when you already have a radio item that you can interact with? I feel like that could have been used, with static signaling when a message was available. Just a thought. The female voice actor used was good, although not stellar. There are no points where I was blown away by how good or bad she was, but she played the part and delivered the lines in a way that was consistent.Overall, I enjoyed A Wolf in Autumn, although not the scariest horror game I've played, it did capture my curiousity with an interesting story. Id like to see where else this developer goes, since he seems to have a decent grasp of what makes a game scary, but needs to gain more experience in game design before he can really implement it.Tldr;This game is very indie, expect that. It is also very much worth 2 dollars, so you'll be getting what you pay for, but expect 2 dollars worth of game.Note to Dev: I really encourage you to make this game again later on, with more people involved in the design. I like the story and direction, and I would enjoy learning more about the characters and playing through the puzzles."
,Recommended,395270,26622125,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,.png,"An interesting, albeit short, horror game about neurosis (as far as I can tell)While I’m sceptical about the use of text in the beginning, things soon get interesting, coming together a twisted fairy-tale about the main character’s (Autumn) personal issues with her mother.There's a lot of symbolism going on. It's also a rare example of psychological horror that puts psychology first. Further, it's easy for us to appreciate as the player because the discordant sound effects creates an oppressive atmosphere to play match the characters' inner turmoil.That’s arguably where the game stands out most. The gameplay parts are slightly more rudimentary (a lot of walking around and picking things up).So yeah, I'd recommend it if you like experimental and bleak."
,Recommended,395270,23572558,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,backhandkill,"I'm not too sure why the reviews are so great? It isn't that bad for a 2 dollar game, but It's not something I'd recommend. It would only take maybe 10 min to complete this game if the lighting was better. It's very had to understand, the grammar is pretty bad, and the story isn't even understandable. Then again, it's a 2-dollar game with pretty decent graphics, an okay story, and a little puzzle. I wish I didn't have to say whether I do or don't recommened it, because I hate leaving bad reviews. Especially on an indie game. So i'll rate it as recommended, but this is the honest review."
76561198206074769,Recommended,395270,23615060,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,BigBrotherSenpai,I loved this game with the different way to approach the obsticles you faced. But be warned this game goes over and talks about some pretty morbid stuff that I wont say or else it would spoil the game. This game wasn't just a play thorugh it was an experience that I will never forget.
,Recommended,395270,24199544,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jacky Cola,"I liked it. It is short and I wouldn't want to pay the full price, but I liked it."
,Recommended,395270,23871277,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,bwatever,"A really interesting game with stunning visuals, that really creates a weird environment for the game with such a deep and depressing story, bringing out the contrast of both happy and sad."
76561198136210441,Recommended,395270,23449912,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Tressybon,"This game took me atleast 30 minutes to complete. It is the shorest game that i have ever played but its very good. The puzzles are very simple but can be a bit difficult. It says that its a bit of a horror game, but to me its a game of relationships between a mother and a daughter, and thats what makes this game very good and interesting. But i didnt like the idea how there is no inventory so you have to continiously drop the object that you equip with. Oh just a heads up there is no saving in it. Hopefully they put episodes into this game because i would play more of this. 8/10"
76561197989777856,Recommended,395270,23475160,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Wolf,"This Game makes me want to make games. Its not very long but it was on sale and I'm a sucker for something with a wolf element. I always enjoy point and click, and it has some puzzlish elements to it, but nothing that distracts you from the story.  Well done sir, A Moon Silver is next up to play."
76561198120233318,Recommended,395270,23466548,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,sonntam,"Atmospheric, great story, very cool plot twist. Puzzles are logical and not very difficult. Often you can get around an obstacle through different tools which is great."
76561198117280501,Recommended,395270,22241196,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kalypto,"At times during the playing of this game I felt lost.I remember during high school, in my first year, I decided to take Ukrainian, you know, instead of French. Made sense to me as where I lived had more Ukrainians than French people. The problem, everyone in my class already spoke Ukrainian, so at times I sat in my desk bewildered as the students communicated to the teacher in a language they were already familiar with. She gave me the feeling that I shouldn’t really be there, and made no attempt to make me think otherwise. So after I learned the alphabet, I quit going. Never heard a word from her.That’s how I felt at times during this game.Although right from the start reading is involved, most is learned from visuals and sound, designed in a very unique, and sort of “troubled” way. When I write the word “troubled” I mean at times I actually felt so, and found myself inside the mind of this troubled little girl, getting a rough view of her world.What is supposed to make the story work is what we’re NOT told. Call me crazy, (pun intended) but for me these psycho games at times just don’t work. I’m not familiar with the problems this little girl dealt with. It was hard for me to pick up on what the designer was trying to convey; which, after giving it some thought, is simply genius.Why genius?Because the game successfully instilled in me the confusion that would be in the mind of this little girl; by making common objects that I came across look, strange, and noises that I heard, bizarre. So the story becomes fully developed in a symbolism that implies a horrific event. I was at times looking around wondering, “what the heck is going on?”To me, that’s what made it amazing. I didn’t like the confused feelings I had during the game, as at times things weren’t making sense. But then I thought, perhaps that is exactly how this little girl felt!So if you decide to play the game keep in mind that although it is a simple story it will require some thought for you to determine the true relationship between the mother and the daughter.The voiceover for Autumn’s mother is impressively done emoting concern that often shifts to psychotic.I have to admit that although there is a fascinating story here, at the end I didn’t really understand what I had just played through. But then again, perhaps that’s what the designer was trying to do. Give me the feeling of such a life at the hands of such a parent that at a tender age would make me feel “what am I doing here and why?”If you’re panning for something different, this game will not disappoint. It’s short, or long, considering how well you can put two and two together when solving puzzles."
76561198104375327,Recommended,395270,22430933,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ginfoxy,"David Szymanski comes though again with another short and unsettling peice of wonder. troubling and surreal from the start, this is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,395270,31421134,Posted: 28 April,all,yah aye yah oou,"A Wolf in Autumn is an interesting story about a mother and a daughter.Pros:Puzzles to keep you thinkingVoice acting isn't absolute garbage like other cheap indiesGives you eerie vibesCons:Short (But expected for price you pay)Lighting makes gameplay a little more difficult than necessaryEnding is a typical movie/game ending no one likes to see happenWhile I am giving the game a thumbs up, I recommend considering what I said above before buying.  I give it a 5/10 but since it is cheap I'd say it's up to you."
,Recommended,395270,23567073,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,RipWitch,"So it has been interesting playing through all the games this developer has made (excluding the collab game) and seeing how affective the story telling has become. I have always wondered how their games would be if voice acting was added and it is not disappointing. It would not be the same if it was just text and it was a good choice for at least using it for the mother. As the style has changed, it is used to bring a more realistic look, using effects that works well for this style to make the world have more effect. If it was like previous games, it would not have had the same effect on the player.I only found two things that was wrong with it, but otherwise small. I couldn't pick up the lighter in the basement after droppping it, so I had to restart the game. I'm sure this is like a low chance of this happening though. The second thing is when you are loading to the basement, the game can crash/not respond. It wasn't a big deal as it was the beginning, but it's not really a big deal anyway considering the game is short enough to not be concerned with losing your progress.Overall, this game is not disappointing. I find it hilarious when I get spooked by something I shouldn't have in the game (it was really embarrassing when I got scared by the lights seemingly lining up to look like eyes in the bush. I have an odd feeling those were placed like that on purpose. Coinsidence? I think not). I'm really glad the puzzle in the beginning could be solved two ways because I did not notice one of the waysaka the key hanging down that could be cut with the scissors the first time I played the beginning part (I'm glad I found out as that note might not have made sense haha).If the developer decides to continue making games, I certainly will be looking forward to seeing the improvements and engaging in another world made by them. I'm sure I got pretty annoying showing up suddenly reviewing all the games suddenly. Ending thoughts: Don't esculate this quickly mother, you seriously messed with my head."
,Recommended,395270,32710723,Posted: 23 June,all,a stupid production,"The story itself saves this game from being a below average horror game. The screaming mother was scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and she was an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a mother, reminds me of my dad LoL.Anyways, Its a beautiful game that has a lot of darkness to it, and i will remember it for a while."
,Recommended,395270,33618326,Posted: 17 July,all,SynapticBoomstick,"I've never had a bad trip, or any kind of trip for that matter, but I would imagine that a bad trip would look and feel a lot like this game. The worst things are what you can't see because they're either not ""there"" or you're too short, so your dark imagination is happy to fill in the gaps. Character dialogue also hasn't made me jump in a long time."
76561198130948719,Recommended,395270,33710317,Posted: 21 July,all,Gamboleer,"Hardware: Windows 10, nVidia GTX 1070. No problems.Takes about 45 minutes to an hour to complete if you're an average-skilled adventure gamer. It has zero replay value; there are no ""what if I chose differently"" paths.Do I recommend it? It's hard to give a yes or no for this ""game"". It costs $1.99, and the best way to describe it would be a ""slice of life"" interactive psychological horror short story that lasts about an hour. I wouldn't say it has any redeeming social quality, nor does it  have anything particularly meaningful to say, but rather opens a brief window into a psychologiclaly disturbed woman's mind, played out through the experience(actually a dream)of her young daughter.The writing is fairly pretentious, post-modernist stuff.The puzzle mechanics and interface are fairly clunky; you can hold one item at a time, and clicking on something else attempts to use the two items together; your hands must be free to use something you click on by itself. This can be somewhat irritating if you're holding something and try to open a door, as you try to use the object on the door.The game is very easy, giving broad hints about what you need to do at every turn, and in many cases leaving multiple copies of the items you need to solve the next puzzle strewn about. The art style does the job without being exceptional, giving a surreal experience at game start with a blown-out high contrast pallette, devolving into creepy brown and green later.I would not recommend this to anyone looking for a game. If you're into the slightly creepy walking simulator sort of experience and have $1.99 to spare, sure, go for it. I'm giving it a thumbs-up for delivering on what it promises."
,Not Recommended,395270,33799471,Posted: 25 July,all,Nnyboy64,"It wasn't terrible for the price, if there was an option to give this game a mixed review I would. I liked how it started, but it felt like a whole lot of intense build-up for virtually no payoff. The narrative is tired, the symbolic representation is convoluted and leaves too much open for user interpretation with next to no lore to ponder, and the ending is one of my least favorite cliches. There's an entire world out there that you're convinced you're going to see, it sounds terrifying beyone the fence, but you don't get to see much of anything. Ambience is intense, but no real finale to leave you with chills."
,Recommended,395270,34496383,Posted: 25 August,all,Chemkitty,"Beautiful and troubling, every scene is an absolute work of art that you can't help but take time to appreciate."
,Recommended,395270,34342432,Posted: 18 August,all,shay.nioum,"For the price that it is, A Wolf in Autumn in a nice little short game, and I do say short seeing as it is nearly an hour long. But in that hour, there is actual suspense that I got the chills from playing through. This is a game you can enjoy, the ending is a little confusing but the stunning and beautiful sights of the game make up for that. This is a really good game."
76561198321101167,Not Recommended,395270,35170465,Posted: 23 September,all,Pongo Master,"If you are looking for a spooky spookums game then this is not for you. If you you are looking for a game with a vague message then this IS the game for you.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------When it comes to gameplay, it's pretty standard. Walk to where you need to go with a necessary item to open a door or something.Scares in this game are not very effectivce. At the beginning of the game wolves begin to howl all around you and that was pretty unsettling, however once I realized that they wouldn't be able to get me the feeling was gone.One of the draws that initially made me buy the game was the gorgeous uses of the Autumn color pallate that was showcased in the screenshots and demo video on the Steam page. However once the game started i noticed that my frame rate was absolute garbage whenever I was outside with the colors. Needless to say that sucked♥♥♥♥♥ even with all of that the color was only for a small portion of the game, with the rest being gray, brown and muted colors.After all of that you are probably thinking this game sounds like trash but it's not. I would call it average. Maybe buy it if you want abd if it's on sale.6.4/10"
76561198076139106,Recommended,395270,35210149,Posted: 25 September,all,Lapis,"I'm not usually fond of most Psychological Horror (mostly when it comes to movies), but A Wolf in Autumn isn't like most Psychological Horror.  Not wanting to give anything away... It's a lot shorter than I was expecting but it manages to keep a solid story.  The end scene might turn some people away or perhaps leave others confused, but that's where the psychological part comes in to tie it all together.  There are a few things of interest that seem to suggest a bit more than meets the eye yet don't really provide much use for the player, but that could just be myself reading too much into things.  Overall, this was a very enjoyable experience with a very intriguing story.Also, f*ck that dog."
,Not Recommended,395270,35456029,Posted: 3 October,all,Existentialism&Pizza,"I actually really liked the writing a lot (especially the topics this game handles!) and the oversatured look which made it feel unusual and special, but the gameplay felt kinda pointless to me, even though I like the walking simulator genre. I wasn't a huge fan of the moon sliver, but it kinda build up a world and there was some exploring and reading...here you'll try to combine stuff with the things you find and that's kind of the gameplay, without much to see, read or experience. This had huge potential considering the metaphors and topics of the story, but either it should've been made in another medium or a more fleshed out game in my opinion."
