user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,395470,26685267,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LAPD Officer K,"Icarus.1 is a short, but sweet indie sci-fi game with some interesting twists.I have been following this game since the late spring of this year and I decided to give this game a shot. I'm glad I did.Icarus.1 centers around a salvage operative sent to the research vessel, ICARUS.1. This vessel has been abandoned for decades and all contact with its crew has been lost. You are accompanied by your suit's AI, named DAVID, who helps you along the way. Upon entering the vessel, you realize things are pretty grim. There are traps, the ship's evil AI, AEGLE, and other hazards along the way. Through the course of 5 chapters, you will unravel the mystery of ICARUS.1's fate.The game had a surprisingly good story for an independent game, although it was very short (I beat the game in just north of two hours.) The ending was abrupt, but I didn't mind it too much. I would compare the plot of this game to the film Sunshine, though it draws inspiration from many classic sci-fi sources such as A L I E N and 2001: A Space Odyssey, to name a few. I was captivated by the unconventional narrative, which used crew messages to further the story. I certainly wasn't on the edge of my seat while playing this game, but I desired to know more, and the story caught my attention enough to make me want to progress.Much to my surprise, there are no enemies in this game, just traps and environmental hazards that can cause you to die. I was expecting some sort of monster or alien to be the antagonist, but this was not the case.I LOVE the graphics of this game. It's not often that low-poly textures make me go ""wow,"" but this game did just that. The environments have a great, lived-in, gritty feel to them. It reminds me of the Nostromo from the original A L I E N film meets Outland. The Ron Cobb/Syd Mead aesthetic of this game is a hit with me and this style is done in great taste. There are very nice graphics options that help add flair to an otherwise drab low-poly title. Depth of field and motion blur help add to the realism here, allowing Icarus.1 to craft its own unique style.Sound design is a strong point for this game. Well-composed music is played at ample times, and the sound effects are very immersive. Walking down a flight of steps sounds like ""clunk clunk clunk"" while walking through the halls is a light thump. Little details such as this are what help me become invested in a game. The end credits score is very well done and makes me want more. The music was very minimalist, and did not feature heavily, but I thought it played the right amount.This game truly succeeds in immersion, from its minimalist HUD to feeling like you are inside a space-suit with the way the screen it set up. This game deserves to be longer, with more content, because I was entirely sucked in and mentally invested in this game during the whole two hours I played. There is lots to explore on the ship. Be prepared to backtrack a LOT. Come into this game with patience and due dilligence, and you will be rewarded.I had a problem with the controls, which were not very intuitive at all. I game with an Xbox One controller for Windows 10 and I had problems moving or looking at times, which caused me to turn both move and look assists off. That helped me out immensely. I also did not find a way in which I could re-map the controls to my liking, which I know many other gamers would certainly appreciate.My biggest problem with Icarus.1 is the fact that it is simply way too short. The developer of this game worked very hard on it and I applaud him for this awesome game, I just wish it was at least twice as long in story length.All in all, Icarus.1 is a highly cinematic, visceral sci-fi game not unlike watching a sci-fi film. It borrows elements from classic sci-fi films, literature, and video games. Over the course of just about two hours (depending on your playstyle,) Icarus.1 succeeds in taking its own spin on the classic sci-fi tropes and using a unique low-poly style to craft a highly-polished indie game worth playing.I give Icarus.1 a fair 9/10. For the price, it is definitely worth it, but please understand this game is very short."
,Recommended,395470,27103835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[Jon] Flaky,I had this game in my wishlist for long. I was really expecting it to come out and it disappointed me a bit. Random crashes or even Antivirus pop ups. Yet the atmosphere is great and the story seems quite nice. Puzzles are not much of a challange and you lack indications for your tasks what in my opinion makes the game a bit more interesting. There are still some things to polish but the developer responds to requests and seems to be interested in solving them. That is why I still give it a thumbs up. Worth a try!
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,395470,29471860,Posted: 24 January,all,Dire,"That must be the most terrible game I have played in a long time. I do not understand the positive reviews AT ALL.First of all: No settings menu before you even start the game...ok, weird. Then you get right into the game and only then you get access to the most basic of graphic options: No sliders for performance, no resolution change. You can't change the controls or any of the keyboard and mouse settings.Playing the game with keyboard and mouse feels terrible. There's obvious mouse smoothing/acceleration and that makes the whole game feel sluggish and wobbly. There is no tutorial telling you any of the commands (Granted it's only move, jump and use, but still). There is no inventory, so you pick up random stuff and ""loot"" from crates, whatever that even is, but you have no idea how many, what you have and whatever. My first item were flares...ok, how many flares? What do they do? How long do they burn? Why do I accidentally use them for no reason? Why can't I deselect them? Pah, who needs modern gameplay. With a controller it's almost bearable.There is also no save feature, so my first attempt I clipped through the first set of stairs I came upon. I could NOT get back up, but I knew I needed to sooner or later, because there were locked doors up there that required keycards. So I had to restart the chapter from the beginning. This time I did not clip through the stairs. Thank god. But in that room I either needed a ratchet, a fuse box or a keycard. Finding the keycard was pure luck. I have no idea if the other items are in there as well. Anyway, picking up the keycard I thought I could use the button to open something. Nope. Just a message: Keycard required. Thanks, WHICH keycard?Ok, I think, back the way we came...uuuuuh, well, suddenly all doors are now closed off and I can't get back to the other door that required a keycard...that's the point I just quit the game and requested a refund. That is ridiculous.I won't even go into the horrible motion sickness the game causes, because there are no FOV options. I literally feel like puking. And that makes me sad, because I was lured in by so many positive reviews and I wanted to like this game, but seriously, I don't care if only 1 person developed it. You charge money for it, so I expect a functioning game with basic features. This is neither working properly (bugs), nor is it in any way, shape or form enjoyable to play...sorry.Not to mention that for all your troubles you get what? 2 hours of gameplay (where most of it is probably wandering around aimlessly, trying not to puke your guts out). And that for 10 bucks..."
,Recommended,395470,31032083,Posted: 8 April,all,Gamer,ICARUS.1 is an first-person sci-fi linear exploration game where you find out what happened on the ICARUS.1 ship. If you want to play a sci-fi game where you don't have to worry about enemies or monsters. The only thing you have to worry about in this game are traps laid out to kill people. I highly recommend this game if you're into sci-fi linear adventure games!Pros:+Graphics+Sci-fi environment+Dialogue+Download time+ShortCons:-No Enemies-Not alot of interaction
,Recommended,395470,31133561,Posted: 14 April,all,krayzkrok,"The game Alien Isolation opens on board a deserted ship. There's no creature threatening to rip your head off, so you're free to explore and interact with various terminals. ICARUS.1 reminds me of a budget version of that, except extended to the entire game. If you love that kind of thing (*raises hand*) you'll probably have a good time. The aesthetic is more 2001 than Alien, to be honest. The environmental design is effective despite basic texturing, because it's brought alive through atmospheric lighting and sound. This is the result of one guy's work, and it's impressive. It has a very tactile feel, doors swoosh open slowly, bolts clang to the floor, every light glares in your visor, and there's a definite sense of forboding as the game progresses.However, perfect it is not. There are a couple of faults which - at first - were borderline ""shall I quit and refund this game?"" moments. I'm glad I didn't, but your patience may not extend as far as mine. The first issue is the movement; there's a noticeable momentum that makes it feel like you're gliding on ice. You do get used to it, but combined with some (mercifully brief) jumping puzzles at a few points, it can be frustrating. The second curious design choice is more problematic; the save game system. The game has 5 chapters, and you can start from the beginning of each chapter, but that's it. You start each chapter carrying nothing, so it's easy for the dev to do this, but it's frustrating not knowing how much longer you have to go before finishing a chapter, and if you absolutely can't continue for any reason... well, tough biccies. Shut the game down, and start that chapter over next time. Fortunately once you know what you're doing it's easier to get back to where you were, but it definitely breaks the immersion. If I had to nitpick futher, it would be that the game can be exceedingly dark, and you only occasionally get to pick up a box of flares (which are quickly used up) which doesn't help when you're looking for some fuse in a dark corner. A few more flares scattered around would probably help. Or hell, a flashlight!ICARUS.1 isn't without its problems, and that'll depend on your patience and how invested you are in the atmosphere, but if you like slowly exploring darkened, deserted space ships for a few hours, you'll probably dig this."
76561198059802570,Recommended,395470,29929282,Posted: 14 February,all,Snowx,"Meh...I would not call this the greatest indie game, nor do I believe that it was the worst that I have played. I believe that it sits somewhere toward the middle. The story was cliche, but the text logs were decent enough to read to keep you going till the end. Everything worked and there were no noticable bugs. . . which is always a great thing in an indie title.  The atmosphere was done fairly good, although it could have been better.The only real main issue that I had was there was no button layout telling you that you needed to use the (run) key which was never mentioned anywhere to get past certain puzzles and this was bad because it took me about twenty to thirty minutes to figure out which button it was and if I was doing something wrong.Overall though. . . yeah. I would say that it was ok. I would wait for a decent sale and maybe pick this up if you are interested in a semi short/medium story set in space aboard a spaceship called the Icarus.1 :). I would suggest not going into this thinking that you are getting a top quality triple A quality game and you will be ok."
,Not Recommended,395470,29496387,Posted: 25 January,all,The Jigsaw Man,- Painstakingly slow camera left/right control- No saving- Glitches requiring a restart
76561198071000232,Not Recommended,395470,33625872,Posted: 18 July,all,buenos beanis,"The concept of exploring an empty space station and uncovering the mystery of the missing crew sounds amazing. And the screenshots showed the game as at least a pleasant one to look at. But once you get in, the game has a very basic ""Unity"" look. All music used is just roalty free tracks by Kevin MacLeod, which sounds so excruciatingly mediocre, at least to me. All voices are just basic voice synths that are easily recognised, because the same ones are used all over the internet. Coupled with the moment in the game, where you're supposed to be seeing a planet in the distance. But because the Unity's skybox is so small, it just looks like a big ball, floating just outside the window. All that makes the game feel incredibly lazily and effortlessly made. I understand that this game was made by just one person, and maybe he put more effort into the story. But I personally just couldn't stand everything else. Even with an 80% discount, I feel cheated giving any money for a game like this."
76561198226152136,Recommended,395470,27017479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sector 17,"Pretty good story, not terribly long but many unexpected things.  Not sure its worth $11 but definitely grab on a discount.  If you enjoy games like Soma this is something you'll get value out of.I hope electrolyte continues to make great adventure games need more survival horror games like this.  Cheers guys also the aesthetics were great very 1970's ish love it."
,Not Recommended,395470,33502500,Posted: 13 July,all,bryanjrobertson,"An exploration type game that sees you as an investigator raking through an empty mining ship to try and work out what happened to the crew. It looks pretty nice and the atmosphere of the abandoned ship is palpable but that's about all the game gets right sadly. The puzzles are barely worthy of the name (find keycard in one room and put it in the keycard slot elsewhere) and are only made at all difficult by the darkness of certain sections of the game making pickups hard to find. It would still be, and sort of was, a pleasant way to spend a couple of hours if not for a load of amateur mistakes increasing the general frustration of the experience. To wit:The voice acting of your companion AI is just a blatant text-to-speech transcript which sounds terrible. The other AI in the game is given a genuine human voice so this is an odd choice.There are no save points at all so you need to either completely finish a chapter or you're starting it again. They're short enough once you work out what you need to do but if you miss something you can be hunting around for a while. Also, there are a couple of instant death sections so you end up genuinely scared of dying purely because it means redoing a load of stuff.Any option changes (e.g. inverting Y) are thrown away whenever you die or start a new chapter which is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. This is made worse by the fact that you can do everything in the game with a control pad except enter/leave the pause menu. Grrr.The controls are never mentioned or explained. In the case of jump, use, etc that's not a massive problem but there's a run button hidden on one of the bumpers and some of the platformy bits absolutely required that to work. I spent no small amount of time repeatedly trying a jump because I could get really close so I thought it doable and just finicky. Only eventually did I stumble across the run button and then battered that whole section in my next attempt. There's even a Steam review with someone complaining about being stuck because they can't make a jump, which would be amusing if it wasn't so unnecessary."
,Recommended,395470,28830817,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,QuantumEcho,"A nice little sci-fi game, with a story told mainly through text logs. I love the low-poly style and the music.A rogue AI is a pretty played out sci-fi trope, but it drives the story well enough.Nitpicks:The controls feel very floaty and slow to respond, which is probably just a consequence of the game engine. This isn't an action game, but there are environmental hazards and jumping puzzles which are made more difficult by ""movement ease"" and ""smooth look"". I highly recommend turning those off in player settings (which is only accessible from the in-game pause menu, not the title screen; weird).The grey-and-yellow color scheme works well for an industrial spacecraft feel, but this color scheme extends to pretty much everything. This makes some important interactive switches and panels quite difficult to find. If I were designing a spacecraft, I'd highlight important maintenance hatches and levers and whatnot with bright colors so they're easy for the crew to find in an emergency.Many levels are quite dark. It makes sense for a stranded spacecraft with limited power, but the only way you have to light things up is a limited number of emergency flares (which don't carry over between chapters, by the way). Once you're out of flares, you get to stumble around in the dark, which I guess adds to the atmosphere, but... aren't I in a spacesuit? Why don't I have some kind of built-in flashlight?I'm all for nonlinear level design, but what I'm not for is nonlinear level design with unmarked points of no return. Too many times, the game would quietly close a door behind me, preventing me from fully exploring a level. This eventually made me hesitant to go down any hallway, as I had no idea if I'd be able to return or not.It's often not clear what effect flipping a switch had on the level. Sometimes controls are quite far removed from the thing they actually control (which doesn't really make sense from a spacecraft design perspective). And sometimes the control placement just makes no sense at all in-universe, likethe switch to lift the second clamp in the last chapter being on the backside of one of the traps you run through. Who put that switch there? Why would you design a ship like that?So when you flip a switch, you then get to explore the entire level again to figure out what the switch did. Combined with the previous point, there were a couple times I flipped a switch and never found out what it did, because I accidentally walked past an invisible point of no return."
76561197994853432,Not Recommended,395470,29578819,Posted: 29 January,all,McMicky,"I was looking for a good sci-fi game and it seems that Icarus.1 would satisfiy my needs, At first it had my curiosity, it was dark and mysterious. Until I reached some parts of the game where you have to do the simpliest task of jumping from one spot to another.  If you don't time your jumps just right, you will find yourself repeating the same task over and over again, As of now, I am stuck in chapter 3 the solar room not able to make a simple jump do to the precise timing needed. This ruin the game for me.  The mystery and suspense is gone because I spent over an hour on this one task. Now I just want to complete the game because I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,395470,26753057,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,periurban,"Complete lack of atmosphere. No danger. Nothing except corridors and space to see.Press button. Open door. Find peeping computer terminal and read someone else's email. The story is learned. The computer maintains the peeping sound.Everything is dark, dark, dark, but no SOULS.And the controls are like Paddington Bear with marmalade in his wellies. Slosh, slosh, slosh. Tuuurrnn. But walk or run. Don't slowly creep, looking for clues. I swear sometimes the character moved on her/his own. Controls is the wrong word. Gently indicators would be better.And the cracked glass letterbox view with masky gasps wasn't at all annoying for the first MINUTE!Yes, the devs tried, but everybody tries, and when you get an opportunity like this, with a game that looks good and has a straightforward premise you have to deliver something special, and despite the other nice reviews, I really don't think this is it.If it turns out to be a classic I missed out on, if there's more here than I experienced in my short time with it, then I'm sure there will be comments. No? Maybe?Oh well. Refund."
76561198289256719,Recommended,395470,26724747,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,SUGAR TITS,"I enjoyed this game. In the game, you are given no explanation as to who you are or what you are doing on the ship that you find yourself stuck in. As you go through the game, some of the questions you have start to get answered, yet at the same time, the answers that it gives you leaves you with more questions, I don't know what is to happen in the game, if it will leave you with a feeling of satisfaction from understanding off what your doing in space and who you are (I have not completed the game as this review was made), though for now it has still intrigued me and I can't wait to finish the game.If you want to get a better idea for the game, check out my gameplay below. I would really enjoy the support.https://youtu.be/6jTGX1v9ECA"
76561198201609369,Recommended,395470,26679536,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,✪oH_Climaxx@Twitch,"The game is not bad for the price.  Essentially, you're trying to find what happened to the space crew that once was aboard this ship.  This game is sort of difficult in finding the things you need to continue the story but if it didnt it would be too easy.  There are stimulanting puzzles that need done.  I think the game is great.  Below is my video where I give my first impressions on the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GgQn98eKRY"
76561197973283296,Recommended,395470,26675733,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,High Chaplain Svenn,"Wow, what can I say about this game? One word: Surprised. I was surprised at how a game such as this could be so interesting. So first of all: It's short. Probably two hours if you haven't played the demo. However, those two hours are well spent. One thing to note is, if you're like me, most of that two hours will be spent back tracking, but the reward is well worth it. The game doesn't look bad at all for using unity, as the devs seems to really push unity to what it can do.So what is the game? It's a sci fi indie game with a lot of tension. And traps. And keycards. God help me all the keycards.By the end of the game you'll be confused, scared, and just want to go home and get out of this evil space ship that has been trying to kill you since you got in it.But hey, why take my word for it when you can just watch a video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgRjQu6exI"
76561197994975306,Not Recommended,395470,31303161,Posted: 22 April,all,Tchjetil,"I found this game uninteresting, both gameplay and story-wise. Not having played beyound the beginning chapters, it's very linear, unengaging and does a poor job in building the atmosphere of being alone on a deserted spaceship."
,Recommended,395470,26643722,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SuperJBGAMER,Really enjoying the game the atmosphere of it all thought there would of been a monster are something chasing us.Seems a little tricky to find things in the game that you need but a very good game and really enjoying it so far.https://youtu.be/7MUjOtOFU9U
76561198020085437,Recommended,395470,26651386,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nokzen,"What happend on this empty space ship? where is the crew?gotta love these Sci-fi Adventures, and loving the low poly art style aswell.Story drivin gameplay, you solve simple puzzles as you exploring the space ship and trying to find out what happen there.https://youtu.be/pqnToHZzV3E"
76561198358049530,Not Recommended,395470,29495259,Posted: 25 January,all,Leeward,This games takes you back to games played 20 years ago...and not in a good way.
,Recommended,395470,32227257,Posted: 6 June,all,Zockerx96,"A really good, but short walking simulator with puzzle elements. Very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,395470,32703371,Posted: 23 June,all,Ravenrous,"Icarus.1 was worth my 2€,The Story was alright, the soundtrack (especially the jazz in the lounge kind of room) was very fittingand the gameplay was more of a playtime filler with all the ""puzzles"".The ending was kind of a let down since i expected a launch into an epic looking space (for a nice screenshot).119 Minutes but i won't return the game- since it entertained me more than games 10 times the price."
