user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,395620,26618047,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Durrdiss,"tldr: a huge improvement over the first, but puzzle difficulty is sacrificed over the desire to avoid being linear. Price point may be a turnoff for some. 10/10 voice acting* too.* there is minimal voice acting, but whoever did the grunting sounds for the flexing cactuses needs a pat on the back.Allow me to reminisce over the first Ittle Dew. I bought it on a whim, due to it looking like a cheap Zelda clone. And to some extent it was. Art style was quirky, dungeons were well thought out, and there were some puzzles that really stretched the old noggin. So when I heard a sequel was coming out, I decided to buy at full price, instead of waiting for a discount, as I and many others usually do. I was hoping for another Zelda clone. And I got one.As of writing this, I am at the last dungeon, and have gone around doing all the secret stuff. It feels like I'm nearing the end.The quality improvement over the first is huge. The developers have gone for a cartoony 3D world, which you can see in screenshots. Animation is fluid, controls are good, and the humour is well done. I did chuckle every now and again at all the crazy characters you meet.The story is very laid back, and knows it. Heroine crashes raft, has to make new one. Go do it. Unfortunately, the raft pieces are in the 8 dungeons scattered around the world. You're free to do them in any order you wish.This is both a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, the freedom to roam is done very well, and whilst I felt some areas were harder than others, nowhere made me feel like I shouldn't be there at that point. On the other hand, it's clear that puzzle difficulty has taken a hit in order to accommodate this. There's been no puzzles so far that have been real head scratchers. Maybe some super secret final puzzles might be? Maybe I'm just older and wiser?  I don't know. What I do know is, I've breezed through them all. It doesn't help that there's little penalty for dying as well, so racing past enemies, and blindly swinging my stick means the non-puzzle sections are a breeze too. Bosses have been a challenge, but once you spot their patterns, they're easy.IMPORTANT EDIT: The difficulty level spikes if you're going for the secret dungeons. The last one especially did have me scratching my head for a while, so hard puzzles do exist in the game, they're just right at the end.Sound design is pretty good (disclaimer: I'm a sound designer/composer), but there were a few hiccups I heard here and there. For example, footstep sounds seem to be timed samples, instead of the traditional triggered ones. This means the speed of the walking sound remains the same, even if you're slowly pushing something. It really put me off initially, but I think that's because I'm more aware of that sort of thing. And those hiccups were overshadowed by some excellent vocal work on enemies. The grunting of the flexing cactuses makes them 10 times better.Music did its job. Nothing to write home about, but certainly nothing to sneeze at either. Particularly enjoyed the music for stuff that would spoil things if I said them :P.Finally, the big barrier with this is the price point. Whilst I see the value in this game, indie games like this fall into a slightly cheaper category. Personally, I think the $15 range would have been a much more reasonable price point to entice a larger base of people, and have them feel satisfied they got their money's worth. The $20 price is teetering on the edge of what would be considered good value in this entitled society. And that will be a big deterrent.Should you buy it? If you enjoy Zelda-esque games, then absolutely! If not at full price, then definitely at a discount. I've certainly enjoyed my time with this!"
76561198255590002,Not Recommended,395620,26728267,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ayninmoats,"It pains me to write this. After first playing Ittle Dew over a year ago and absolutely loving it, I waited anxiously for the release of Ittle Dew 2 and bought it the moment it was released.I really wanted to like this game. I wanted to love it, but I can't. After having beaten nearly everything (explained below) in the game, I cannot recommend it.First, let me get out of the way what the game does well.PROS:- The game is gorgeous to look at and listen to. Amazing job on graphics/music.- Controls/combat are much more fluid than the original.- Humor and tongue-in-cheekness is still great.If I were rating Ittle Dew 2 on presentation alone, it would get a perfect score. But there are so many things that drag down the experience and render the good points meaningless.CONS: (minor spoilers)- Unlike the original Ittle Dew, the sequel one is no longer a puzzle game with some combat, it's now a combat game with some puzzles. Imagine if a sequel to Tetris came out where the object was no longer to line up blocks, but just to rotate the blocks as fast as possible – I mean sure, rotating the blocks is cool, but that's not the point of the game. I feel like a similar misunderstanding of what made the original game fun happened here.- The enemies. Enemies are EVERYWHERE. I died so many times just trying to go from one dungeon to another. There is no reason to have so many enemies on the screen at once, many of which shoot projecticles, take insane amounts of hits to die, or have armor protecting them from attacks.- THE ENEMIES. I cannot emphasize this enough: combat is simply frustrating in this game. In addition to the normal enemies, there are many mini-boss like enemies (frozen pirate, slayer Jenny, the cactus, fire/ice priests, etc.) that take a ridiuculous amount of hits to kill. Some of them require certain strategies to kill, which is fine, but not when it takes a dozen or more hits to do so. Others you have no choice but to bum-rush and hope for the best. It's not fun, only frustrating.- The dungeons. Most dungeons in Ittle Dew 2 follow the same pattern: go as far as you can, get to a room full of enemies, die, restart the dungeon at full health, go as far as you can again. It's just not fun. Sure, there were one or two puzzles per dungeons that were cool, but by the time they came up I was so calloused from the miserable fighting that I didn't even care.- The bosses. The bosses in the original Ittle Dew were great. They weren't too hard or too easy, and you had to use the dungeon item to beat them. Here, the bosses are just miserable. They're like the game's normal enemies: overpowered and take WAY too many hits to kill. Especially the secret bosses. You basically have two strategies: rush at them and pray for the best, or attack slowly from a distance which takes forever and only heightens the pain when you die over and over again.- The puzzles. The original Ittle Dew's puzzles were amazing. There were some I spent hours on figuring out, and when I finally beat them, the feeling was amazing. The puzzles in this game don't even compare. Most ""puzzles"" are combat-based, or ones where you just have to dodge things, or simple puzzles that you can figure out in a few seconds. The harder puzzle later in the game, which I had high hopes for, felt gimmicky or were solved with strategies you never use elsewhere. Sure, there are a few good puzzles throughout the game, but they are so few and far between that finally getting them feels hollow.- The secrets. I held out until the very end for this game, because my favorite part of the original Ittle Dew was the master dungeon. I'd hoped that the master dungeon in this one would be just as good, even if the rest of the game wasn't. Spoiler alert: it's not. It's more combat, more puzzles that feel cheap, and another boss that is so frustrating I can't bring myself to finish it. I know there's nothing else to do after I beat the boss, so I physically can't muster the energy to defeat it.- The final weapon. I won't spoil it here, but I have to say that I think the final weapon you get in the secret dungeon perfect symbolizes everything that is wrong with this game.All in all, I loved the original ittle Dew. It's one of the few games I've ever attempted to speed run because it was so fun. I must've played it at least 100 times. But this one, the sequel, despite all of the potential paths to take through the game, I will never play again.I feel bad writing this, because I want there to be an Ittle Dew 3 someday. But not if it's going to be like this."
,Recommended,395620,28081207,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LuckyRoot,"As one of the players who really enjoyed the first Ittle Dew, the critical reviews made me hesitant to buy this game at first to be honest. However, I took a leap of faith, ready to embrace the possibility of this game being a bad sequel, and I will have you know that I wasn't disappointed. If anything, I was impressed. Impressed by how creatively they have expanded upon the first game. Ittle Dew 2 is definitely one of the best games I've bought and played this year. This game took an excellent approach towards having a great balance of puzzles, combat, exploration, and humor.PUZZLE:Some people in the reviews are criticizing that the expansion on combat and exploration has sacrificed a lot of the puzzle aspect from Ittle Dew 1, but I disagree. Sure, this game is not as puzzle-oriented, and the puzzles might seem easy in the early game, but you can definitely feel the difficulty rising significantly as you progress the game especially in the latter half of the dungeons and secret dungeons. And with more variety of types added to the puzzles compared to Ittle Dew 1 only having block-pushing ones, they provide more entertainment without being too repetitive and will eventually require you to think outside the box in many ways just as much as the ones in Ittle Dew 1.COMBAT:There were feedbacks for Ittle Dew 1 that the combat mechanic felt lacking and could be improved upon, and this game did it justice. It's more fast paced, skill-requiring, and provides a much more exciting experience especially when it comes to fighting in dungeons and boss battles. Some people are criticizing that it's just a whole lot of button-mashing the attack key, and while it can be that way, creative strategies and skills can also be possible by efficiently utilizing dodge and various weapons you get throughout the game. Due to this, the boss battles are quite different from Ittle Dew 1 as well. The boss battles of Ittle Dew 1 had you defeating the bosses by having to play by specific strategies. The boss battles of Ittle Dew 2 however, provides more freedom as to how you can approach the bosses with the choices of weapons you have.EXPLORATION:In a huge open world, you can freely choose to go wherever you want, and there will be a ton of secrets and items cleverly hidden through variety of puzzles waiting to be found. It will keep you searching and collecting clues anywhere you go, as they can be found in various ways such as talking to random NPCs and being observant about the environments. Each time you discover something new, it will make you thirsty for more until you find'em all. You will always have something to look forward to and be occupied with outside the dungeons.HUMOR:There are a great variety of unique characters and references in this game, even more than Ittle Dew 1, and there are many dialogues between the main characters and them that will make you laugh and smile. They preserved the excellent humor from the first game and expanded upon it even further. I found almost every interactive characters in this game lovable for their funny and cute personalities, and I am sure you will do so too. They even have adorable VOICE ACTING for the love of all that is good! If you are a fan of Ludosity games, this game has many clever references for you to enjoy as well.Therefore, Ittle Dew 2 is one of the rare cases of sequel with changes that are ultimately good and justifiable. While maintaining and improving the puzzle and humor aspect from Ittle Dew 1, they expanded on combat and exploration and evened all of them out fairly, resulting in a much colorful experience compared to the strong puzzle-centered experience the prequel offered. And whether you have played the previous game or not, I am certain that you will enjoy this game nonetheless."
76561198017035548,Recommended,395620,32793736,Posted: 25 June,all,aliasup,"I enjoyed it a lot. It took me a little while to get fully into it, but besides some the bosses sometimes feeling slightly repetitive, I didn't really feel like it was as flawed as some of the other people who reviewed it. Nothing felt too difficult to me."
76561197994970446,Recommended,395620,30623348,Posted: 19 March,all,ScarletEmerald,"Zelda-like with a lot of self-aware humor. A bit on the easy side at first, but gets challenging towards the end."
,Recommended,395620,29508350,Posted: 26 January,all,Othello,"To start with the big iffy point people might have with this game, the game has unexpectedly challenging combat if you're expecting a Zelda-like. It expects you to take the offensive and use the dodge roll a lot, and you'll need to learn enemy and boss patterns to succeed. If one can get past this, the combat is actually really rewarding once you figure it out.Everything else about the game is simply amazing. An open-ended overworld with a lot of dungeons and caves that can be tackled in any order, coupled with fun items and a nice sense of humour. The aesthetics are especially great, with an amazing 3D art style and a soundtrack worth the $10 on Bandcamp.Game did not disappoint one bit. Big props to all the devs."
,Recommended,395620,28156378,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Blue_Link_34,"I loved this game, it's funny, puzzles are quite easy but at the end and secret places it can be really hard.A lot of people says that this game is a backstep compared to Ittle Dew 1, I don't think so, it's a big improvement. Also people complain about boss difficulty, sure at the start you'll get killed every 2 seconds, but if you search for all the items, every boss fight will be ""quite"" easy, the most difficult secret bosses will be defeated in less than an hour.Graphism : I don't really like 3D but this is beautiful.Music : Really good.Gameplay : Inventive.Story : There's none.Price : Yeah it's a bit costful, but you'll need at least 10h to finish 100% and you can search for things really... Special (go see in the discussions if you don't care about spoil), so for me it was really worth it !9,5/10"
76561198044278142,Recommended,395620,26634248,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,KingTwelveSixteen,"ITL:DR VERSION: It's good.Good puzzles, good combat, pretty good joke stuff, some meta stuff that was cool, SO MANY OPTIONAL SECRETS LIKE WOW NOT GONNA SPOIL EM, BUT THERES SO MANY.It's an action-adventure with lotsa puzzles. Like in the first Zelda - you can do dungeons and stuff in any order, which is super fun. I did the penultimate dungeon fourth just 'cause I wanted too and even with all the high-level enemies in the area it still was fun which isn't something that usually happens on like, the first playthrough? Normally only super-high skilled players can have fun doing things like that but I still did the first time through.Anyone who's a fan of action-adventurey-puzzley stuff should get this game."
76561198062653515,Recommended,395620,29472042,Posted: 24 January,all,Sicarius,"After beating the game, finding most of the secrets, and getting to the 4th secret boss, I can safely say that despite the many flaws which hurt the experience for some players, I still found it to be enjoyable overall. And to me, that's all that really matters when playing a video game. However, the flaws may be enough to drive the casual player away, and do deserve to be mentioned upfront.Just as a disclaimer for when I talk about difficulty; I'm a dark souls veteran. The mindset behind the combat is similar, and while I enjoyed the challenge and though it was fair, that might not apply to everyone. You almost have to have a dark souls mindset for the later bosses, so if you can't handle that, this may not be the game for you.1. Lack of puzzlesThe original Ittle Dew was almost entirely puzzles. Combat has gotten an overhaul, and has a lot more emphasis placed on it rather than puzzles. There are some really good ones later in the game, but the problem is that there are basically only two dungeons that will test your knowledge of all of your tools; the final dungeon and the final secret dungeon. Everything else (every single secret area, the first 7 dungeons, and the first 3 secret dungeons) can be done with your original tools and a tool found within the dungeon. They can be challenging, but are still simple and small scale until the end of the game, which is a massive difficulty spike puzzle-wise (not combat, which follows a proper difficulty curve up to that point).2. Overworld enemiesNot much to say. Fighting them is basically a noob trap; there's no reward for doing so, you run faster than most enemies, so its much safer to just roll past them and run to the next checkpoint or map transition. Then, in metroidvania style, come back when you're overleveled, clear the map, and then start looking for secrets.3. Player's tools in combatI will praise the enemies and bosses in this game for having attacks that feel fair, and being easy to overcome once you have the pattern down. That may just be the dark souls fan in me, but I'm used to that, and enjoy it. However, the part of the new combat system I dislike are your tools in combat. Just to note, I'm not talking about the actual items which you can find, but their applications in combat.Every single tool is one dimentional in its use; for puzzles each item can be used in conjunction, and has unique properties when two techniques are combined. However, in combat, all of these are completely useless. They take too long to set up, and are rarely ever a better option that just using each item normally. I feel this is the largest problem of the combat; your techniques never develop through the game, and each weapon only has face value in usage, so combat gets stale fast.4. Boss healthTo me, I entered each boss room with the mindset of ""prepare to die."" As Jim Sterling has said, this is not just a catch phase, but a tactic on how to overcome a challenge. Each death gave me more knowledge on the bosses patterns until I knew enough to finally win. A death never frustrated me, because no attack felt unfair, and if I got hit, I knew exactly why. Throughout the entire game, few bosses felt frustrating, and once I was at a boss room, I never left until I beat the boss. Most of them felt pretty easy to me, but I'm more used to the counterintuitive tatics and knowing when some options are inferior, like rolling into projectiles instead of reflecting, since it gets rid of it faster and safer.With that in mind, I still feel like the bosses health scaling is way off. It feels like items were supposed to upgrade your damage a significant amount more than they currently do. My worst three bosses were cyber jenny 3, slayer jenny (optional miniboss), and the 4th secret boss. On those three, it took much longer than I had the patience for. I knew how to dodge each attack, and the patterns themselves were fairly balanced, but each death meant so much time was added to the boss fight, I was just bored. Not frustrated, or ragequitting, it was just really boring and tedious doing the same button movements to dodge the 3-4 attacks for 10 minutes and having to start all over again if I messed up more than three times.I'm currently still on phase 1 of that secret boss; when I look at the sliver of damage I deal, it just seems really boring to go back. I know I'm going to have to do it all over again learning the new moves at phase 2; at that point the first phase is just a really long run-up to the actual boss, the part of dark souls I find most boring. It doesn't even have the same feeling as the hardest dark souls bosses, because there they have difficult to avoid attacks but take roughly the same amount of hits as other bosses. Here, the boss is properly balanced, but they just tripled the health to increase the difficulty even more. I can't even take the option of high risk; if the boss took the same amount of health from the new weapon as the first time you hit, then I'd know that I'm supposed to look for chances to use the weapon, which is already challenging with her current pattern (especially since the first shot is given free with the long boss startup). But since it does so little damage, the sword has higher dps while being significantly safer to use.These flaws will kill the game for some people. If you can look past them and still enjoy the game, then I fully reccomend it at the current price. For others, it may be worth waiting for a 50%-75% sale and trying it then. If nothing else, I reccomend looking out for Ittle Dew 3, which will hopefully fix all these problems. Ittle Dew 2 has kept most of what made the original good, so I have faith that the next one can only be better. I could probably list off everything I feel could make a better game, but that's something for the forums, not here."
,Recommended,395620,28129759,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ingloriousthomas,"Ittle Dew was mainly a puzzle game, and a very short one too. Ittle Dew 2 is MUCH larger and focuses more on the combat than puzzles, but puzzles are still as hard as the first game. There are sooooo many secrets in Ittle Dew 2 that I could compare the meta and out-of-game puzzles to the likes of The Witness, Fez, Knytt Underground, etc. The Steam community for this game has found all sorts of hidden secrets and even some secret bosses that nearly double the length of the normal campaign (which is already pretty long). If Ittle Dew 1 was the Light World from A Link to the Past, Ittle Dew 2 is the Dark World; this sequel to one of the best indie puzzle adventures feels like a full adventure, is absolutely worth the cost, and I think many people would enjoy the MASSIVE amount of secrets in the game!"
,Recommended,395620,28332699,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Conkerman,"Ittle Dew 2 is amazing.It's like the first game, but so much better! The overworld is fantastically well though-out, with lots of puzzles and dungeons sprikled EVERYWHERE.What's neat is, to do 100% of everything in the game, you're not going to have to break your back. Sure, it's going to take some time, but in my 14+ hours of play, I did everything. I even found the secret dungeons!Ittle Dew 2 is a hallmark of excellence. I have zero complaints, and only found one VERY SMALL bug throughout the whole game. It's not even really a bug, just an error on the dev's part concerning what map gets loaded when pushing the ""show map"" button.If you're looking for something that is guaranteed to bring you a big bunch of fun with tons of unique music, areas, enemies, bosses, and puzzles. Well, my dear reader, look no further. Easily worth full price, and is a steal if you find it on sale."
76561198009004229,Recommended,395620,31399299,Posted: 27 April,all,wertandrew,"First of all, this game is a 8.5/10 if you like puzzles.A little more organised regarding overworld/dungeons than the original (gets more repetitive regarding structure, something like go to next area, find dungeon, get new item, beat boss, repeat), but the content is fun and there are tons of secrets to discover, some are even for the lulz, which I appreciate. There is a lot more combat than the original, and that helps to rest your brain after solving puzzles.However, dear devs remember this: the more chaotic the game looks in terms of structure, the more fresh it feels when playing. As a player, I should not know what comes next.Moving on, sound design was great, music was ok (except the star one, liked that a lot). World themes were pretty original and there was a lot of fun dialogue (found it funnier than the first game, thumbs up to whoever came up with the dialogue lines). Controls were decent, although I found it hard at times to turn and aim properly because aiming was tied to movement controls.The art was colorful and very nice (I liked that shader that shakes objects' cell shader and makes it look as if sketched) and level design was gorgeous except one case: even though there was a significant amount of cleverly made puzzles, I found the original game to be harder (and better imo) in that aspect. If you get a lot of items in this one you can easily solve 90% of every puzzle there is and I found that to be a let-down as I was not challenged towards the end (compared to the first where the final secret puzzles really melted my mind, maybe I was ready this time as I solved everything pretty fast, dunno).SPOILERS AHEAD, SKIP IF YOU HAVENT PLAYED<><><><><><><><><><>I didn't like the fact that there was no indication of an extra item needed in order to solve all puzzles in a secret dungeon. You get the false sense that you can solve everything, then you need the fire mace in one specific room to continue, but the puzzle seems complex enough that you think you can solve it, and you spend lot of time thinking about it for no reason. What I would have prefered is a straight warning ""you may not have all tools to solve this"" in the beginning of the dungeon, as I entered the dungeon really early in the game and I spend at least 40 mins looking at one puzzle trying to find the solution, then I had to look in the net to see that you need X to go through.<><><><><><><><><><><>END OF SPOILERSSo, I had a lot of fun with this game, and all its secrets were worthwhile and interesting to find. Honestly, ittle Dew is one of my favorite game series regarding game design and I hope the team behind it continues to develop more games, because they care for a good experience.Definitely a thumbs up,(raises a potion)Cheers!"
76561198046848856,Recommended,395620,26692345,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,antoinecxxxii,"Very happy with this new episode! Will there be an Ittle dew 3 please? ;)Many secrets to discover, great puzzles, etc... Please do not complete the main quest only! And beware of bosses: some are way harder than in the first episode. This is not exclusively a puzzle game. You will have to be patient, there will be serious fights. This is the only problem I found in this game: I got bored fighting some bosses."
,Not Recommended,395620,28712981,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Infi,"The combat is too hard, no matter what items I collect, nearly every enemy in the game can destroy me in seconds without me ever having the feeling that I can do anything about it.I absolutely loved the original Ittle Dew for the clever and varied puzzles. It seems like they've dumbed down the puzzles while making the combat much much harder, relying on the player having really fast reflexes and perfect timing. If you love this kind of fast-paced action combat game, maybe this is a good title. This is clearly not a game for me, though, and if you enjoyed the original Ittle Dew at all, it might not be for you either."
,Recommended,395620,26638817,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Alex Gleason,"Lives up to the first game, expanding on it and making it way better. Again, thanks for giving us a Linux release."
76561198009412850,Recommended,395620,31804463,Posted: 17 May,all,snave,"The art style, aesthetic, soundtrack and humour in this game are all outstanding and the layers upon layers of secrets are something I haven't seen for years. The dungeon design harkens back to the earlier golden days of Zelda when open plan multiple route dungeons were par for the course. This isn't a retread or cheap knockoff though! Ittle's moveset, the items and the combat are all original. Even the dungeon themes are completely original and delightfully quirky. Smashing your way through an art exhibition whilst fending off disgruntled critics just takes the absurdity of common genre tropes and dials them up to eleven. Furthermore, there's an innovative feature in the game whereby you can play through most dungeons and overworld challenges in any order you please as each puzzle prior to the endgame only asks you to use your starting stick and whatever is found in that particular dungeon.Sadly though, the difficulty curve suffers terribly as a result of this. Given every item you obtain allows you to simplify or outright bypass puzzles, that they cannot be turned off and that every puzzle in the bulk of the game assumes you have no items from previous dungeons, the difficulty curve for puzzles flatlines for the second through seventh dungeons, before abruptly spiking in the final dungeon and post-game content. The result is a game that is carried by its combat which, whilst better than Ittle Dew 1, is merely fun, not groundbreaking (with optional moves that require three or more keys to be depress simultaneously which is a disaster if your keyboard is ghosted; thankfully they're only mandatory for the super secret third final boss).There are some challenging puzzles in the game, but to access them you have to begin a new file and attempt the game again beginning with a different initial dungeon. This makes it great for speedrunning, but unlike Ittle Dew 1, I felt little inclination to do so due to the game's length.What I did feel inclined to do however was complete a second playthrough on the unlockable 1 HP mode. It is here where the game's open design truly shines through! Sequence breaking suddenly becomes significantly harder despite no part of the world being gated off, and the tight balance risk vs reward is incredibly satisfying. There's almost a Dark Souls feel to the way some areas are gated off by combat challenges that can only be overcome by pixel perfect rolls and sequence memorisation, or the slow collection of incremental character boosts and upgrades. If this mode didn't also savage the hilarious dialogue, I'd go so far as to recommend players look up the unlock code and attempt it on their first playthrough.Overall, its a fun title and I enjoyed it thoroughly and would still recommend it. The developer Ludocity is rapidly becoming one of my favourite indie devs for the love and polish they drench all their titles in; its abundantly clear from everything in game right down to the odd comment on the Steam discussion boards that they adore their work and it shows in the final quality of all their games. My recommendation is to try Ittle Dew 1 first, as it is the more ground breaking of the two titles, and then, if you enjoy that, you'll probably find the sequel's charms hard to resist."
,Recommended,395620,29936171,Posted: 14 February,all,CyberShadow,"+ Fantastic music, with an extensive soundtrack+ Great visuals+ Challenging and satisfying combat+ Good replay value+ Loads of optional bonus content (secrets within secrets WITHIN SECRETS - and more!)+ Great Linux portNote: This game has less puzzle-solving and a lot more combat than the first game. This may be a turn-off to some, or vice-versa for others.Note: System requirements may be higher than expected (much higher than the first Ittle Dew; won't run well on integrated graphics)A note about the combat: I've been frustrated by the difficulty of some battles occasionally, however they went from ""WTH-impossible"" to ""not that hard actually"" after spending some time experimenting, figuring out a strategy, and a bit of practice. Which sounds like a Good Thing!"
,Recommended,395620,27387928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RockGrumbler,This game oozes charm and humor. Lovely way to spend some time.
,Not Recommended,395620,29755280,Posted: 6 February,all,seorin,"Although it's a great game, I can't recommend it to most people unless the devs add a difficulty setting. As it is, I only recommend it if you like to play games on hard whenever given the option. If you usually play on normal, parts of the game will frustrate you (especially if you're a completionist). If you usually play on easy, avoid the game entirely because it will be more frustrating than fun for you.The balance between puzzles and combat is inverted from the first game, with combat taking the center stage and few difficult puzzles. If you loved the challenging puzzles last time around, this is likely to disappoint. There are some good puzzles, they just aren't the main focus, so most of your time is spent studying boss patterns and mastering the dodge roll. If that sounds like a good time to you, there's plenty to enjoy here."
,Not Recommended,395620,28104552,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FireAgostini,"If you think you are going to play an improved version of Ittle Dew, you could not be more wrong. I loved the first game, did the badge until level 5, played for hours and hours, got really hyped when they announced Ittle Dew 2, and after I bought it, got really disapointed.I was expecting some kind of hard puzzle game, with different mechanics and stuff like this, and all I got was some puzzles (really easy beside one or two), and impossible bosses (like you had to learn all the movements so you could beat them, a lot like another game called Furi.Maybe for some people this game is nice, maybe they bought already knowing this was an action game (instead of a puzzle game), but for me, it was really sad."
,Recommended,395620,29404160,Posted: 21 January,all,Underwhelmed,"Outside of a couple over tough hidden bosses, this is a really fun game with lots of hitting things with sticks and breaking furniture."
,Recommended,395620,29531974,Posted: 27 January,all,VDOgamez,"This is easily one of the best games I've played recently. The puzzles are excellent, and span a good range of difficulties, becoming difficult by the end but not quite ""look up the answers"" difficult. The art and music are really pleasant and the writing is extremely entertaining; Ludosity has a very specific kind of charm in its characters which shines through well.The weakest link in the game is probably the combat, which while not bad is unexpectedly difficult and can be unforgiving in many cases, particularly due to its overreliance on the use of the dodge roll mechanic which gives you invincibility frames. The game gives you several other ways to defend yourself, such as deflecting bullets, but on later game enemies everything except the dodge roll becomes impractical or in some cases explicitly useless.All that said, I absolutely recommend this game, just with the warning that getting 100% completion is an ordeal."
76561197970265843,Recommended,395620,26755266,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,HawkleyFox,"If you have a look at my profile, you'll see that it is dressed up with backgrounds and badges from the first Ittle Dew.  You might expect that you're about to see a biased review, but it won't be.  Ittle Dew 2 retains its colorful and quirky mood and has loads more content over its predecessor, but its gameplay really suffered.I'll touch on each gameplay element individually, but you can skip to the conclusion for a summation.• Presentation & CharactersThe game follows Ittle and her sometimes helpful fairy-fox sidekick Tippsie, two career adventurers in a world that happens to be built for adventuring, literally.  Everything is a mixture of game cliches and the surreal, with in-jokes sprinkled in for absurdity's sake, making for the strange kind of humor that permeates many of Ludosity's other games.  It all combines together well and you will have more than a few WTF moments as you explore.In general, it feels like the personality of the characters doesn't come through quite as well as it did in the first game.  The characters don't poke at each other as much and they react less to the weird world they are exploring.  In the first game, Ittle rightly screams, ""Everyone in this castle is CRAZY!"" when she happens upon a girl dressed up like a berry who has frequent bouts of lightning bursting out of her.  Now, she seems to be pretty comfortable running through an island whose beaches are littered with candy or a desert with hot sauce bubbling out of the ground.The fact that they have a lot less fun with the characters in such a large and strange world seems like a missed opportunity to me.  One of the biggest things I appreciated about the first game was the characters and how they played off each other.• Combat & BossesIt is suggested that Ittle Dew 2's combat is vastly improved versus the previous iteration, but that is…  kinda the case?  The two major changes are the introduction of the dodge roll and the reflection of projectiles.  These two mechanics can add up to a lot of depth, and the game does employ them in their enemy design, but the problem isn't really Ittle's moveset; it's your reason for doing combat in the first place.In the end, combat serves only a single purpose: get in the way of the player.  Where other games will reward the player with progression, in the form of currency, experience points, and the like, Ittle Dew 2 provides rare, short-term buffs that do not significantly change gameplay as a reward.  You will very quickly just begin running past enemies because you have no incentive to participate in combat, unless combat happens to block progression, such as in dungeons or the secret caves.There are 12 boss encounters and six bosses total, meaning there is a lot of recycling of the bosses.  They gain a new trick or two to their simple repeating attack sequence each time, but it's not enough to wildly change the feel of the fight.  Bosses never have any gimmick to defeating them either.  Just learn the attack sequence, avoid them, and beat them to death, optionally using any other items you have to speed up the process.  I didn't get any incredible satisfaction from beating anything but the very final boss, but even that one got repetitive after a while.The combat feels satisfying at first, but becomes something you find less and less interesting as you go.  The reuse of bosses doesn't help.• Dungeons & PuzzlesWhat should have been it's biggest strength turns out to be Ittle Dew 2's biggest flaw: the puzzles.  That's kind of the wrong way to put it, though.  It's REALLY how the puzzles are doled out to the player that is at the root of the problem.Dungeons can be tackled in any order, except for the two final dungeons, meaning you can beat them with your starting equipment (and what you find in the dungeon).  Dungeons contain short-cuts that can be exploited with items you obtain from other places.  This design choice ultimately results in making later dungeons you take on easier and less interesting, overall.  Generally you would want the difficulty curve to increase as you go, but in Ittle Dew 2, it has a nice valley of ease until you hit the final dungeons.The final dungeons are the funnest of them all, because they're the dungeons designed with Ittle having all the game's items in hand.  You'll be forced to learn to use them all together in new, interesting ways...  LearnALLthese advanced mechanics in theFINAL DUNGEON.  So, guess what!  There are signs everywhere telling you about those advanced mechanics because the game couldn't be designed to more organically teach them to the player.Had a more linear approach been used, those advanced mechanics could have been taught through clever puzzle design in earlier dungeons; later puzzles building upon what was learned by solving earlier puzzles.  Isn't that how a difficulty curve is supposed to work?  Iteratively building on the player’s past experiences?Nonlinearity ultimately hurt Ittle Dew 2, and hurt it badly.  Puzzle complexity and the progression of difficulty is purposely gimped thanks to it.• Exploration & SecretsExploration is really a lot of fun in Ittle Dew 2.  The world is large, the locations varied, and secrets are literally everywhere.  A lot like the dungeons, though, each secret cave can be completed using ""only a stick"" as Tippsie puts it.  Other items can make these caves easier to complete, but, unlike the dungeons, it's all a little more forgivable for these minor locations.  It isSTILLa missed opportunity to give the player challenges that require the use of those cool items they found, though.The secrets are so numerous that it became somewhat of a bother toward the end to find missed secrets.  I suspect that the 'Hidden Cave Scroll' mechanic is dynamic and supposed to help you sweep up caves you missed toward the end of the game, but I couldn't confirm this.  Even now, I don't know if I found all the overworld secrets or not.  It would have been a nice idea to use the cartographer NPC that wanders the island as a means of notifying the player when a zone had been completely solved.The game also hints at having some deeper puzzle whose solution takes a lot of thought and note keeping.  Cryptic signs and messages, secrets within secrets...  I have not yet solved it, but I think I'm pretty close!If you enjoy hunting for secrets, this game is chock-full of them.  It is the game's biggest strength, by far.• ConclusionIttle Dew 2 never really reaches its true potential, largely as a result of the fundamental design choices they made.  It doesn't feel like an action-adventure game, but it also doesn't feel like a good puzzle game either.  Both of these failures are due to the same problem: the hyper-nonlinear progression of the game.  It has these neat item mechanics that can interact with each other and have unlimited puzzle potential, but chooses to almost completely ignore them until the end of the game, just so everything else can be solved from the very start.It contrasts starkly versus Ittle Dew 1, which also had a non-linear progression, but the more compact game forced a quicker build-up of complexity to keep the game interesting toward the end.  Where Ittle Dew 1 had a complicated tree-like progression with multiple paths, the sequel is more like a hub-and-spoke progression; a very dull way to build a game.On the plus-side, its large, humorous, and colorful overworld is packed full of secrets and content enough to keep you occupied for well over 10 hours, easily, if you try to find them all ... and that hunt is plenty fun!  Getting that hidden loot is what Ittle is in it for, after all!But the mediocrity of the rest of the game means it's a hard sell at the $20 price-point.  I hate to say it, being a bit of a fan of the first game, but it may be best to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,395620,26843602,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cozynoise,My best day one purchase I've ever made.
76561198005081258,Not Recommended,395620,33267146,Posted: 5 July,all,Daniel,"A step backward from the previous game. Ittle Dew 2 puts more focus on the battles and less focus on the puzzles. Despite this, the combat system is extremely simplistic still. Oh and I hope you like fighting the same bosses over and over again. The game tries to present it as a gag, but it sure does not make the battles enjoyable. Furthermore because of the insistence on the fact that dungeons can be beat out of order, the game can't really guess what items you'll have at any point in the game. Making all the dungeons beatable with your starting gear is not a good thing. It only means that all the gear you get either boring or only semi-useful. The only real good dungeon is the last one, where the game can be designed around you having every tool at your disposal. Same thing can be said for the last boss. If everything in the game was like it, I would have actually liked it."
,Not Recommended,395620,33106782,Posted: 1 July,all,iddqd,"Well.. this is tough. One the one hand, the graphics are beautfully crafted and the puzzles are great, but on the other the combat is SO annoying that you will often find yourself running from enemies until you have to beat them to advance. The lack of healing items is annoying as well, requiring you to run through a dungeon from the beginning once you've died. Most of the boss battles are recycled over the course of the game so yeah - I will give this entry to the series a negative review in hope hat the devs will improve the combat if they plan to release another game."
,Recommended,395620,26723803,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Zaldoch,A really funny puzzle game with a lot of humour. Works really well on Linux also!
,Recommended,395620,29575264,Posted: 29 January,all,PersonGuy,"I was a huge fan of Ittle Dew. It has some brilliant non-linear puzzle design, funny characters, wonderful art style, and tasteful homages to Zelda. So I had high hopes for the sequel, but was let down in many ways. Ittle Dew 2 is much more combat focused, has less charming 3D art, and most of the jokes are references to the first game (many of which are only hazy in my memory). For the first few hours of the game I was really disappointed how different it is, and yet by the end I loved it on its own terms.Most of the puzzles are simple because they’ve carefully ensure that they can all be completed without the item upgrades. And so, as you progress you gain the ability to ‘cheat’ puzzles with your extra powers. It’s strange for a puzzle game, but it’s an interesting way to show growth. You even find extra keys in secret caves which allow you to skip dungeon puzzle.Then there’s the combat which feels difficult and tedious at first. But upgrading your weapons to the point where difficult enemies are now trivial feels great. The best tactic early on is to run away when possible. I think the only oversight in the design here is that Ittle should regenerate her health when entering a room, just like monsters do. It doesn’t really make sense having to start a room with low health or search for it when each battle is treated as its own puzzle.By the end of the game I was satisfied, but didn’t love it yet.The final boss gives you 1 of 4 keys which begins the question of why to find the other 3. Turns out there’s 4 more advanced dungeons that can only be unlocked by finding most of the secret caves on the island. Tracking down all of those is a joyful treasure hunt on its own. The extra dungeons are also very combat focused, but have a few extra puzzle tricks to teach. Bosses in this game are all a hair too difficult, but they are very fair with specific repeating patterns that can be memorized. The last hour ties up all the dangling story threads and I can’t deny that I really enjoyed my time, even if it wasn’t what I hoped it would be.No matter what your preferences are, I’d recommend playing Ittle Dew before this game. If this is the ‘Adventure of Link’ of this series, I’m really looking forward to its ‘Link to the Past’."
76561198017612267,Recommended,395620,29683242,Posted: 3 February,all,Loiter Floof,"It's kinda like, I don't know.On the one hand, they went for the quantity over quality in terms of puzzles.On the other hand, I liked the dungeon layouts and art.And I did enjoy like, every hour of it. So I'm gonna recommend it."
,Recommended,395620,29838802,Posted: 10 February,all,threedotonefour,"Compared to the first game the combat is harder and the puzzles easier, but still a great Link to the Past-type game"
,Recommended,395620,26700112,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Yung Venuz,"An absolutely amazing game. funny, charming, and at just about the right level of difficulty. You can let the game guide you toward each objective, or set out in any direction you choose to adventure. Get it!!"
,Recommended,395620,27363871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Volpe,"Not as good as the first one.Exchanged charm and polish for a bigger world and more items.Focuses more on combat than the original, and the combat still isn't quite good enough to hold up the entire game.Less thought was put into each individual puzzle in order to create more puzzles, but it just makes the game feel lazier than the original.Made the full transition to Zelda clone as opposed to Zelda-like ft. block puzzles."
76561198015007901,Recommended,395620,27349441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fox,"I can't come up with anything original here, but I basically agree with the negative reviews down there.  And the positive ones.  That's not helpful at all, but They said it first, and I can't improve on it.  I like how the game's bigger, and in a way, I like how it's more combat-involved and less puzzle-based than the first game.  However, whenever someone down there says ""go as far as you can until you die, repeat,"" it's painfully true.  I'm not as frustrated as in some games when I die constantly, but spending 10 minutes per screen dieing isn't my idea of a good time.We have a fun assortment of costumes to earn, fun in-game conversation, and all the stuff that made the original game fun.   But I would also say, ""Don't buy this at full price!""  It might not be worth a $20...My latest issue with the game is control.  I started playing with an XBox360 controller, and it was perfect.  However, the next day I tried playing, it acted like my control stick was stuck.  I tried resetting, reinstalling, etc.  No help.  I tested the controller with the few other games I can use on my present PC, and most of them had the same issue of the controller not working.  However, it had no problems on Final Fantasy VI.  Does that mean my controller IS busted?  Either way, I tried playing this game with keyboard, and I die twice as easy as when I was able to use a controller.  So, I hesitantly recommend this game with working controller use, but not at full price."
,Recommended,395620,29043484,Posted: 5 January,all,Oddesu,"The awesome proof that the first Ittle Dew was not a fluke. It's just pure fun.This time around the game is not as puzzle focused and has more action. The openess was also increased in that you can do any of the 8 dungeons in any order you like but it still shows you a recommended order.This time around the extra content also is enough for a whole new game in itself making for a few added hours of playtime.It's a must play, especially as fan of Zelda-likes and Zelda."
76561198009434682,Recommended,395620,31257566,Posted: 20 April,all,Splenomegaly,"fantastic puzzle zelda-style game with a sense of humor. It's very well done and many puzzles are clever/challenging. I highly recommend, even after playing Zelda breath of the wild. I hope they continue this series."
,Recommended,395620,30604162,Posted: 18 March,all,t. mike,"Ittle Dew 2 greatly improves on the gameplay of its predecessor, which was essentially a single-player version of the classic co-op game, Goof Troop. The sequel packs a punch at three to four times the original’s length, and mixes the Goof Troop puzzle-solving with far more influence from Nintendo’s classic Zelda titles for the NES and SNES. The self-aware world of Ittle Dew is full of rich humor and clever writing — they’re seriously among the funniest games I’ve ever played.Ittle Dew 2 is also packed with hundreds of secrets, including not one, but two secret levels, each with their own secret final bosses. One’s a bit more obvious, tied into the characters’ dialogue and the game’s achievement list, but the other is found only by finding all the game’s hidden objects, decoding a number of hidden messages, then standing in a specific place in a specific, obscure room for exactly seven minutes. Doing so transports you to the doubly-secret (and doubly-final) dungeon, housing the game’s most difficult villain: A…farting potato…?"
,Recommended,395620,26675543,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Antoids,"I could say a lot about this game, but on a Steam review you probably prefer brevity. First of all, if you liked Ittle Dew, this is a nigh-unconditional improvement, so it's a buy right off the bat by that metric.The game has dramatically improved control from the original. The transition to 3D enabled full analog control, which was sorely needed. Combat was definitely a low point of the first game, as well as puzzles requiring more precision than the game could comfortably enable at times. On that note, there's also a Zelda-style roll that grants temporary invulnerability. The combat is downright enjoyable in some scenarios, and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that there's an enemy or two that reminds me of Dark Souls. This was my chief complaint about Ittle Dew 1, so it's good to see an improvement there.As for the puzzles/design. This game sacrifices Ittle Dew's tight, carefully directed design for a more open, free-roaming version, more akin to Zelda 1 and especially ALBW. It has a map that is comparable in scale to Hyrule, and generally is more content-dense. I'd say what it has on the latter is that while no dungeon requires anything but your starting gear to complete, there are optional shortcuts and alternate solutions that make use of the full roster of your abilities. Doing the dungeons out of order will yield dividends in terms of how quickly you can complete them.The soundtrack is greatly expanded and very catchy. There's something like 2-3 dozen tracks in the game according to the Sound Test.Basically, you should definitely play Ittle Dew 1, and if you enjoy that, this is an easy purchase."
76561198159634582,Recommended,395620,28727697,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,aprati1,"I love this game. This game takes everything I liked about the original Ittle Dew and expands on it, improves it, and adds to it. Well designed puzzles with a wide range of difficulty. Lots to do and explore in the overworld. 8 dungeons of various difficulty that can be completed in any order. 4 items that can be ungraded to incrase their usefulness and power. A variety of side quests with very difficult puzzles. The simple design of the game leaves the focus on the gameplay (which is what matters most to me). The game doesn't really have anything you couldn't find in other games, but it packages what it has really well and does it way better than a lot of other games do. I thoroughly enjoyed this game and would definetly recommend."
76561197963786905,Not Recommended,395620,33124077,Posted: 2 July,all,arty morty,Play Ittle Dew 1 instead - boss fights ruin everything - really not fun at all.
76561198047171932,Recommended,395620,27277337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Metaknightkirby2,"- Vastly Improved controls to the first game.- The combat got a massive overhaul and thanks to the dodge roll now actually requires tactics and planning instead of rushing in and spamming the attack button 2 or 3 times.- The world is a lot bigger and thanks to the fact that you can run the dungeons in any order, and all the optional hidden caves with even MORE items, there is quite a lot of replay value in it as well.- The amount of funny dialogue has increased tenfold.Being restricted to the main castle and the small areas around it along with a very, very limited amount of enemies made the first game a bit of a drag if you didn't find the puzzles too engaging. Now though, with a much deeper narrative (which still doesn't take itself all too seriously, thank god) that introduces all kinds of different new characters it means plenty of different comedic scenarios. If you were a fan of the humor of the first game, you're going to love it in this one even more.About the only downside is that it's a tad too easy until you reach the hidden content: Dungeons are built in such a way that they can be beaten with the basic equipment, so any additional items you gather make some puzzles easier or entirely skippable. But even that can be seen as a positive, depending on your stance on puzzles.TL;DR: It's all the first game was and more. It has improved in every aspect. If you liked Ittle Dew, you will love Ittle Dew 2."
,Recommended,395620,29285852,Posted: 15 January,all,Ebrahemo,"this game is so worth buying it , if you are into zelda games and you like adventue / puzzle , then this game is for you"
,Recommended,395620,33760210,Posted: 24 July,all,ASAP Mvp,"Really great game, especially if you were a fan of the first one. Alot easier to platinum as well, as it doesnt require multiple run throughs."
76561198064936470,Recommended,395620,26635072,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,RutulianJoe,"Great puzzles just like first game, good zeldalike combat.also funny i guess"
,Recommended,395620,26629626,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Dewsic,"Cheek in tongue humour, clothing choices, collectibles, secrets and the whole kazoo!The sequel went above and beyond the original, was a bit skeptical about the art style on release, but it's actually quite cute.Bit pricey for it's playtime, but my undying love for this game series didn't stop me from buying it at $19.99"
,Not Recommended,395620,26703261,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝Cleroth⎠⎞,"The first was a cleverly crafted puzzle game with occasional fighting. This is just a frustratingly hard and boring hack'n'slash with an occasional stupidly-easy-to-solve puzzle. The game is much bigger, but there's barely anything in it, with 1/4th of the rooms serving no purpose other than to tell you useless hints.This game is such a backwards step in comparison to the first game, it's really disappointing."
,Recommended,395620,26632071,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TcTamas,"Fun puzzles, cool music, nice visuals, silly conversations and a giant ripped robot platypus that owns you. Way better than the first game, and even that was awesome."
,Not Recommended,395620,31331810,Posted: 23 April,all,mikeestee,"crashes immediately when i try and use an xbox controller, so... i can't really play :("
76561198036677205,Recommended,395620,28652402,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,louismorel,I LOVE THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,395620,32028785,Posted: 28 May,all,Molo,really nice game i recommend it
,Recommended,395620,28760843,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BROKEN_RAIN,Has nothing to do with dew 10/10
76561197996545530,Recommended,395620,30453814,Posted: 11 March,all,Clyceer,"A fine addition to the Ittle Dew series, this game remains similar to a Zelda game in that it's about exploring and finding items for solving puzzles, but has only a few unique tools that are really exercised with some good puzzle variety, rather than simple puzzles that are trivial applications of your tools. Another benefit of the small number of tools is that you never have to go to the menu to select them: they fit right on all your face buttons if using a controller.The game features more emphasis on combat and avoiding traps than its predecessor, but still brings some great puzzles, largely focused on either putting blocks on switches, hitting switches in sequence, or hitting multiple crystals within a certain amount of time of each other. This time they went with a more non-linear design, which limited the amount of puzzles that could combine tools for most of the game, but I still enjoyed the in-dungeon puzzles a good amount and found the wand they replaced the portal wand with to be interesting to work with. The variation on the ice item compared to the previous game was interesting enough as well.On the unfortunate side, most of the combat in the game just isn't satisfying. It's often sufficient to just flail your melee weapon at the enemies until they die. It might cost some health, but with frequent shortcuts that can be opened up throughout dungeons, dying isn't much of a problem. The bonus dungeon bosses are somewhat of a challenge, though.Also, as perhaps a matter of personal preference, I didn't really like the overworld's puzzles, which were largely based on noticing stuff or remembering clues from NPCs. I prefer having all the puzzle elements directly in front of me to work with."
,Recommended,395620,34725395,Posted: 3 September,all,Wormgalore,Really liked the game. Was a nice challenge and had a great feel of adventure. The secret bosses are a bit BS though.
76561198165778106,Recommended,395620,35321313,Posted: 29 September,all,Kangtaw,"This feels like playing a Zelda game. I like this kind of game. So I like this game. Only, sometime the boss is way too hard for me ...."
