user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,396090,18528332,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,"Sgt.""Congkiller""Higgins","First time playing, everyone loved me but the libruls. The the UN got pissy with me over some environemental♥♥♥♥♥♥ Made the huge mistake of letting in refugees and ask UN for moneybecause EVERYONE hated that, I was hoping to get friendly with the nation of the refugees as well as scoring free cash from UN. After this everything went downhill, everyone hates me, tax was raised to 55% from 13% to cover expenses. Ive lost all popular support and im just sitting in my office waiting to get assassinated.All in all a good and fun dictator simulator, I like it."
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,396090,20512160,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Blackadar,"Skip this one folks. Your wallet and patience will thank me later.As always I reserve the right to change this ranking to thumbs up but right now this is a pretty poor game. I'd stay clear if I were you. I got it for $6 on the Steam sale and it's currently not even worth that.It's a cute game of supposedly running your little kingdom after a coup d'etat put you in charge. You build infastructure, make decisions, talk with your neighbors, build a military and try to stay in office. I'd love to be the dictator of a third-world nation. The idea has so much potential to be both evil and good...but that potential isn't realized here.The biggest flaw in Rogue State is that there aren't enough ""levers"" to make things interesting. You simply don't have the tools to cope with the types of disasters - financial, health, war - that you'll be confronted with. Much of the ""strategy"" comes down to which two resources you get. If they're good and they have synergy, you can get a robust economy going. This is important since EVERYTHING TAKES MONEY. Need military units? Money. Need to build infastructure? Money. Need to avert a natural disaster? Money. Need to spy on your neighbors? Money. If you don't have it you simply can't do anything but hit next turn. And since your resources drive much of your economy....basically you might as well quit out and restart if you draw crappy ones. That's not strategy, that's simply poor design.As I said, you don't have enough levers. You have access to about a dozen sliders that are either generally on, mid-way or off. Once you've set these tinkering doesn't help much because they're long term sliders and, truthfully, there's very little evidence that they do anything substantial (more on feedback later). Need to boost your standing with your neighbors? There's no lever for that - there's about 5 conversation options and once those are exhausted (ONE TIME USE) there's literally no point in talking with your neighbors except to renew trade deals.Unemployment is another great example of not having enough levers. There's literally one option in the entire game to boost employment (foreign visas). If that's off already then there's nothing - zero, zip, zilch - you can do about unemployment. It doesn't matter if you're running a $30m surplus, you can't hire more people into the government (which is 1 of hundreds of things in the real world a government could do to boost employment).I said I'd talk about feedback. There isn't enough. Why did your surplus go from $30m to $22 this month? No idea and there's nothing to tell me why. Why is unemployment high? No idea. Heck, what is the unemployment rate? No idea. What's the GPD? No idea. What resources are in demand? No idea. Why does my neighbor not like me? No idea. What impact did moving a slider have? No idea. You get the point. No feedback + few options makes Jack a Very Unhappy Boy.Then there's the bugs...this game isn't Early Access. There are game-breaking bugs to be found - ones that will absolutely destroy your game. For instance, there are about half a dozen special projects in the game. They're not that exciting to be honest but they're there. If you decide to invest in one (you do so with an up front cost and a monthly fee) and somehow that project gets canceled or fails, the game will continue to deduct that monthly fee FOREVER. So you end up continuing to pay in perpetuity for a dam that was never built or a nuclear program that was stopped due to international pressure. There's no excuse for a bug like this, especially when it's been reported but not patched. That's just one of a few bugs that I've come across. *shakes head*Then there's the graphics (meh - looks like something from the early 90s), the tedium of watching your guy walk around the office, the lack of any real replayability and just the feeling that you're really not in control of most anything that makes it pretty bland.Conceptually, I'd like to play a game like this. But Rouge State has too little content, too little feedback, too many bugs and is ultimately too forumalic to be much fun."
,Not Recommended,396090,25164131,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ntown66,"I've went back and forth on deciding whether to up or downvote this game and I have decided to downvote. The reason for my downvote is simple, after a couple play throughs you realize the game lacks depth. I have failed in only my first play through and then scored over 900 on all play throughs afterward. Did I just magically become a genius? No, it is because I found the trick to succeeding every single time. I of course ignored this flaw because I thought the developers were going to continue to improve the game over time. I was wrong. In a recent news update it has come to light that the game will only be maintained via bug squashing and support. So basically this is the finished game.I was really hoping for more interactions with other nations, russia needs to be more than a minor detial, and more random events that forced the player to adapt. Due to these limitations, it seems there are really only a couple ways to truely succeed. This is of course a problem when the description of the game includes, ""a world of possibilities"" as one of the reasons to buy."
,Recommended,396090,18554264,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"I very much like this game. It's a good mix between Sim Junta, Democracy 3 and Rulers of Nations. The simplicity and short gameplay like Sim Junta, the various policy selection and experimentation of Democracy 3 and the background complexity of Ruler of Nations.The concept is simple, it is a turn-based geopolitical simulation game where you are the ruler of a newly established country called the People's Republic of Basenji and you must strive against unhappy citizens, a power-hungry brother, an imperialistic UN/USA and the desires of your neighbors. You will have events that pop up where you must make hard choices that will determine the fate of Basenji and affect your popularity with the 5 groups of citizens (Capitalists, Patriots, Fundamentalists, Liberals and Qariffi (I think that's spelled right). You also need to keep the loyalty of your own military or else your brother Farouk will swiftly eject you from power. You adjust policies that range from minimum wage requirements to your country's alcohol tolerance laws which will affect your standing amongst the various groups and will change from turn to turn. You also have the ability to maintain a military and invade your neighbors or garner the affections and attentions of the UN and US, either to your benefit or detriment. From the time I've spent with the game so far, I don't think you can win... you just do a little better each time and (like Plague Inc.) every time you complete a game, you're able to unlock more special modifiers to change up the experience.Artistically and musically, this game really excels. While neither are perfect, they really set the mood and help to immerse you in your new role as president of Basenji. I just love that everyone is voiced as well... it shows there is a lot of love and labor that has been put into the game.All in all, I love this game. Simple yet addictive with a wealth of content for only 12.99, this is arguably one of the better low budget Geosims I've played in a long time. Highly recommended.Gameplay Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOuB2VdRX2E"
76561198006809361,Recommended,396090,31947420,Posted: 25 May,all,TentacleMayor,"This is a flawed political and financial sim where you try to balance your treasury with approval from your various social factions, the military and cabinet ministers, while keeping an eye on your neighbors and possibly developing some fancy secret project on the side. You get 5 years, i.e. 60 turns, which you have to survive and hopefully rack up a good score.The good:- A good breadth of approaches are possible. You can please some factions while neglecting others, you can be a corrupt kleptocrat, you can be a warmonger or a peacebroker, side with the USA or Russia, oppress or empower the ethnic minority, and more.- It's varied. Each playthrough randomizes the events you get, the resources that become available, population faction membership, ministers and the big late-game crisis (such as a recession or terrorist threat). Makes for lots of replay value.- There are collectibles, including game modes with alternate start conditions, and some easter-eggy unlockables.The Bad:- The military aspect is atrocious, or at least woefully underexplained. I never have any idea why my units are winning or losing. I don't know what forces the enemy has since they're not shown on the map, and I don't understand why my buildings are getting destroyed when I have forces at the border. It's so bad and obtuse, I almost gave the game a negative rating.- Expensive superprojects have a chance of failure. This shouldn't be. If you put millions and millions into a project and it fails, you may as well start over. Very ill-conceived system given how tight your budget is and how much money is involved. Maybe instead there should be multiple levels of funding that get you more bonuses the more you invest in the project.- The intelligence system seems like a lot of expense for little gain. 50 million might get you a tidbit of info that you can use one time to increase relations with one neighbor by a bit. I just didn't find it worth the expense. It's super-insulting too when you pay tens of millions just to get a morsel of info about a leader that Wikipedia would have told you. I know you can get more indepth stuff, but the expense is just unacceptable. If you could direct intelligence spending on specific areas, or the investment needed for each type of intel was more transparently explained, it would be a much more engaging mechanic. See, like the military aspect, the game seems to think uncertainty is an involving game mechanic, which it can be but not when you don't understand what is happening or why. The rules need to be clearer and better represented in the game. Uncertainty should come down to the player making informed choices knowing the risks, not to being left in the dark about vital information.Other remarks:- As with real life, it all comes down to money. Practically everything takes money. It's really easy to get people to love you if you just throw enough money at their problems. Which is good if you want a financial sim, but perhaps not so good if you expect a complex political sim. Once you've tried a playthrough or two, you'll get the picture that, while it's easy to keep most everyone happy and stay in the green in the early and mid-game, the late game throws you a curve ball that - you guessed it - takes lots of money to solve. So you learn to be frugal and squirrel away cash into the treasury for that stormy, stormy day.Verdict: It's clear this team put a lot of effort into this game, and this is why I'm giving it a positive rating, but key aspects are too half-baked and underexplained for it to be consistently fun. These are things that can be patched, and that would make Rogue State a real gem."
76561198028895887,Not Recommended,396090,24648807,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,LazyGamer,"While the concept is interesting, drawing from the same idea of games such as Balance of Power, there is just not much depth to this game. While it promises a branching option for governing in reality it is just a numbers game and lacks any real sense of weight or consequence for doing anything."
76561198018460505,Recommended,396090,18544063,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"This is truly a middle east political simulator at it's FINEST! There's alot I think could be improved ""More policies as an example"" and more options when one is overthrown. Overall I had a great time, my main medium is video so I hope you guys will enjoy my first look and review posted down below. Thanks!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXXaSHxscmA&feature=gp-n-o&google_comment_id=z12uuzxqgt2tgrdz004chlpo0vy1gl44sew"
76561198051536834,Recommended,396090,19032396,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,swhite8686,"This is probably the best political game you can get on Steam (if you don't count 'Papers, Please') but it does need some improvement to become truly great. I found the Democracy series boring, Fate of the World was a bit too heavy and I never got into Tropico. I prefer this game to any of them, despite its current flaws. One game this title does remind me of is 'Conflict: Middle East Politics Simulator', although that game is 25 years old. I've always wanted a remake of 'Conflict...' but with modern technology. This is almost what I always wanted.This game also has a sense of humour which works. Other political games attempt it and they fall flat. The only other political game that succeeds with this sort of humour is 'Papers, Please'.The problem with this game is that it doesn't make you desperate to replay it once you've finished the story once. There are things you can unlock, which motivate you to replay - but what this game really needs is more events, crisies and different story branches.The developers are still quite active in improving this game, which is nice. The game is also still slightly unbalanced in places, which is being fixed. At the moment, it feels about 95% finished. I would love to be surprised by some stonking great new content, though - or even some DLC."
,Recommended,396090,18581082,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mayu Zane,"Despite problems with the User Interface, Random Number Generator shenanigans and obtuse game mechanics (I have a personal offshore bank account???), I found myself thoroughly engaged. It's not that often we find a game about reconstructing a country AFTER the war, and turning a ruined nation into one that gets the world's respect feels damn good.I honestly hope the devs can make a sequel with more polish. As it is, I will recommend it, if only because despite its flaws it's clearly something made with effort and has an interesting premise. Also, the devs are actively updating the game based on feedback, ALWAYS GOOD"
76561197991413641,Recommended,396090,18540485,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Yeggman,"If you like political strategy games (especially Hidden Agenda), you'll probably like this one. Be aware that it isn't that serious/realistic and the mechanics aren't super deep (though they still provide plenty of strategy and entertainment). It's an odd bird, but I dig it."
,Recommended,396090,25388668,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,stuarmanha,"Fun little game, the premise alone is intriguing. Pixelated art design look pretty terrible (IMHO) in the steam store pictures, but at least for me, the game was very endearing in its graphical design. There are so many interesting aspects in this game that you'll never see in other management games that it felt rather fresh, even though under neath the skin, its gameplay is nothing new. Problem with this game is that it is indie game through and through; many things (UI and lack of depth in particular) leave a lot to be desired. Even these didnt make me not want to play the game. What DID was the RNG elements and lack of information (much of the time you're just guessing what affects what in grand scheme of things). However, it is by no means a bad game. I enjoyed the ""runs"" for about 10 hours or so. They really need to make a new version of this game; more depth and streamline/improve the existing design."
76561198052582282,Recommended,396090,18745886,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Lord von Fleck,"Here are my thoughts on this game.PROS+ Well designed political consequences+ WELL-BALANCED randomization+ Thematic voice-acting+ Polished Perspective-Animation effects+ Multi-Genre blended well (Strategy+PoliSci+Adventure)+ Very engaged Dev!+ Gameplay enriching unlockables+ Engaging Diplomacy+ Well designed characters+ VERY High Replayability+ BRILLIANT titleCONS+ Some programs seem a bit far-fetched (they are optional, so... who cares)+ One of the randomized (possible) neighbors is very ANTI-immersion to the game's theme+ National crest is... NOT believable, distracting!+ Diplomacy encounters is missing vital information, making Diplomacy feel like a luck of drawMy verdict:Outstanding! The use of retro graphics (unlike many games) is not an excuse to use for poor graphics, the graphics are very well done, with a modern use of perspective-animation, good atmospheric voice acting (A rating sound and graphics).  The gameplay is engaging, the randomization is just enough to give you a great new play each time, while maintaining the integrity of a very well designed branching plot and poli-strategy.  The unlockables for new plays are well thought out.  It is not perfect, there are certainly very unusual characters/logos in the game, which scream indie developer forcing their own pet ideas.Very enjoyable game."
76561198002450835,Recommended,396090,24090525,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nutlaw,"Fun little game that plays out quite a bit like Democracy 3, if you've played that one. Not particularly difficult once you figure out the rules, but it's engaging to balance the many needs of an emerging nation. Has some amusing moments throughout. Worth a quick playthrough."
76561197998740055,Recommended,396090,32715831,Posted: 24 June,all,Spacemania,"There isn't a great deal to this game, but given that I picked it up for less than $2 and enjoyed myself, I can't say I didn't like it or wouldn't recomend it. There are some interesting elements to it but honestly, its not worth more than $2. I would normally try and say more about the game but essentially, it is just a series of choices that leads to a crisis that you better hope your ready for."
76561198012469834,Recommended,396090,18533434,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Olliff,"Rogue State fills a specific niche very well - very challenging, procedurally generated( never the same twice), self aware, and valuing content over presentation/story. At it's core it is a strategic political simulation game putting you in charge of a middle eastern country.  There are also strong emphasis on survival over crafting the your country as you see fit.  Surviving is difficult, and unlike other mangement survival games like Long Live the Queen there is some randomness, which can ruin the experience for some, but it also increases replayability. Many things threaten your survival, revolts from factions within your populace (patriots, liberals, captialists, and fundamentalists), your power hungry brother, your military, your own government's cabinet, your neigbors, democratic rebellions, disease, envnironment and financial crises, and even the meddling United States.  It may take several playthroughs to see all of these threats, and the most problematic threat to your power is almost never the same on back to back new games.Though random, you do have hints to what you should focus on that are simple to miss, such as paying attention to random events, analyzing the breakdown of people who are in each faction or using information gained through your intelligence agency. However, that being said there are some good things that are always good -  keeping a large surplus of money around of diasters and investing into your economy and social programs with somewhat high taxes.   I also like how this game can be subtle.  You are actually a dictator and one of the scenarios confirms this when a group threatens your regime with a democratic revolution.  This is easy to overlook because the game rewards you for being a benevolent dictator, and the absence of elections during the whole game is easier to miss than you think when the game doesn't paint you as the stereotypical evil dictator.This game may turn off some with its unpolished retro graphics and empasis on strategy over a story, but I believe it targets a specific target demographic well.  If you are ready for challenege, can overlook a somewhat dated presentation, and are aware this is more of a survival/management game that rewards for you playing to the situation faced rather than roleplaying as you see fit, this is the game for you."
76561198058699167,Recommended,396090,18512591,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"Overall Rogue State is a fun, and challenging game! However...Rogue State is a game where you rule over a middle eastern country, as a democratic ruler.Really? No ability to rule as a dictator/monarch? I understand what the game is generally going for, ruling a democratic nation in the middle east. Just feels dissapointing that you cannot rename/change your nation's name or flag. Or that you cannot change your government type.You must manage 4 classes, which represent your overall population.These four classes will randomly become more important/bigger during certain times in the game, such as a rising number of capitalists, or patriots. This is sadly random, and you have NO way of influencing the population to becoming more loyal to your prefered population.As well, you must manage local diplomacy, negotians with the US, and the UN.As unique as it is, having randomly picked nations to be your neighbors is intersting, your bound to enter war with one. You need a strong army, or your going to be crushed. Fast.You must rebuild your country's infanstructure (AKA, Tech tree.)Though fun, it is quite basic, and it definently sometimes feels unuseful, or game changing.You must manage your country's policies to meet the expectations.It is almost impossible for everyone to like you, and your going to end up having revolutions appearing.Unique 'wonder' projects, such as a great firewall, space program, nukes, Great Dam.I call them wonders, because they are essentially the wonder buildings from Civilization.Protect your glorious nation against coups and civil wars!Doesn't give you much in-depth on what is actually going on in the coup. Besides that, you just need lots of soldiers, and you are sort of REQUIRED to fill out these little bonuses which will aid in fighting back the rebels. (Such as, building a great Firewall, having high relations with the US.)Random Events every turn, constantly changing how your population reacts to certain policies, how much money you make/spend, and diplomatic changes.These feels EXTREMELY random, and sometimes, being bombarded by certain similar events one after another, seem unfair. It's more of a luck game, then a strategy game.Overall, the game is good, a 7/10. It's a basic country ruling simulator, that is a bit unforgiving at times, as it can sometimes throw constant situations and events at you that make it impossible to stay alive for more then 20 turns. If your into roleplaying as a leader, go for it.Similar games- Long Live the Queen.Unsimilar games-Bad Rats"
,Recommended,396090,18520498,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hidden Inside,"A fun concoction of Capitalism3 x Tropico set in middle east!At first i was pretty skeptical at the look of things and it seemed slightly shallow, but as i played the depth of gameplay was slowly unraveled. Its simplified, but actually very fun and rewarding. Plenty of valid playstyles by the looks of it, somewhat randomised starting conditions for assuring of the replay value, aswell as rewards for previously 'won' games.Some thing are not clear to me, like i was never able to ' win ' a speech, even tho those were the actual things my country needed the most. There is 1 resource lacking in gameplay by the looks of it ( in one game start i didnt have anyone selling precious metals). Cant seem to interract with UN either. I probably just missed something or didnt play enough.This genuinely feels like a pretty damn fun game for people who enjoy this kinda thing, - sitting in an office, managing the country. Im just getting started with this one but i already want to see more from these developers. There are far too few good games like this to pass this one."
76561198163016777,Recommended,396090,18593542,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,josiah.frank,">everything looks good, making lots of money, everyone loves me.>decide to build dam to improve country.>spend most of my money and commit most of my income.>whatcouldgowrong?.EXE>Amrica's economy goes into recession.>businesses need bailouts or they'll go bankrupt.>can't afford, spent all my money on dam.>economy goes into toilet.>think ""i think i can hold out until the dam gets done, then i'll have money again"".>#can'tgetanyworse.>relations with neighbors goes bad.>they all invade, i get rekt.>treasury's way in the red from attacks, loyalty goes down rapidly.>neighbors finally agree to peace, but i have to pay massive reparations.>Gladthat'sover.org.>borther launches coup.>no money, no public support and no army.>get overthrown.10/10, would be forced into permanent exile again."
,Recommended,396090,18515948,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Lazy Nomad,A welcome addition to the pitifully small library of political/management sims.
76561198080077460,Recommended,396090,22079900,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Audacity of Nope,"This is by far one of the most enjoyable games I've played in a while. You're the chosen leader of an intermediary government attempting to rebuild the country of Basenji after the overthrow of a monarch. As you rebuild your infastructure and balance relations between the various factions of your society, you must keep an eye out on foreign leaders looking to exploit your vulnerable country. On top of all this, your brother is constantly seeking an opportunity to plot a coup deta against you. You have to keep a healthy relationship with the armed forces and your cabinet if you plan to keep your power in office.Random events occur in every session, making every playthrough different. You will not know when these events will trigger, and they can disrupt your short term plans, leading to complete anarchy.There are also interesting special projects that can be created in secret by your government. Some of these can lead to disastorous conflicts of interest between you and other nations, such as the United States.Some of these projects reflect actual real  life political conflicts of interest, while others are just silly and fun.At the heart of this game is a satirical look at government overthrows, similar to the ones in Iraq or Libya. The game is more nuanced in its politics but parallels can be made in some of the gameplay and ideas represented.My only complaint would be that the tutorial was not detailed enough to really learn all the features on my first playthrough. This made the game a real learning process in the first couple of attempts, but I was never mad or annoyed by this. I was never frustrated when I lost a game as for the most part failure was a consequence of poor long term planning. And when you finally do win, it is incredibly satisfying.Graphics - 7.5/10 I'm a sucker for retro and indie style graphics, and it was one of the things that sold me on this game. Granted, not everyone will appreaciate this art style, but it really fit the game. Some of the models for characters could have looked a little better, but overall the game looks nice.Music - 8/10 Solid. Fits the theme of the game in every way, and any given piece of music fit an event in the game. The Basenji national anthem is possibly the greatest anthem ever made, right up there with Kazekstan.Gameplay - 9/10 I can't praise the gameplay enough. This game is FUN. It's not as complex as civilization, or age of wonders, but its not trying to be any of those games. It has a unique gameplay style that is easy enough for anyone to learn that has the time or interest. No outcome is ever the same, because the challenges you face every time will vary.Story - 8/10 The story was fun. Depending on how long your regime survives, you'll see more of the story unfold. And because playthroughs aren't the same, you might see new story threads each time you play.It's rare that I even recommend games, but I felt compelled to share my opinion of this game because of how much fun I had. Really. Check it out. If you're really on the fence about it, I'd recommend to pick it up during a steam sale. But if you're into strategy games, you will probably like this game. I think even adventure click game players might kind of dig this, The graphics and playstyle remind me of oldschool adventure games."
76561198006986577,Recommended,396090,29754461,Posted: 6 February,all,DragonElderX9,"A neat concept of running a country right after a revolution.  You can rule like a dictator or pacifist or anything between.  The gameplay is pretty simple but the strategy is where the difficulty lies.  Try to balance lots of issues while keeping people happy.  The game is fun for a bit, but it lost its appeal to me after a while.  There is definitely replay value in the various ways to play, but I don't feel the gameplay keeps it interesting enough.  The devs are very active in the community though, addressing a problem I had in a day's time.  It's a toss up for me but I think most fans of strategy would enjoy it."
76561198007895634,Recommended,396090,19722249,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,penargyl,"Rogue State is a government management role playing game set after an Arab Spring type event.  Each year is divided into several turns.  Given the topical nature of the game and limited but repayable scenario I recommend it for those who want to experience a fairly standard government game with unique flavor.  The graphics and sound are functional and some of the touches, like having the U.S. ambassador answer the phone and meet you, are cute touches but one wonders if the time would have been better spent elsewhere.Rogue State occupies an incredible is the sense of place and time.  The setup is that you’re managing a newly formed country after an Arab Spring style uprising and must appoint your more popular younger brother to the cabinet.  You must balance the wants of multiple factions (Capitalists, Liberals, the religious community, etc.), security concerns, economic growth, and foreign policy with three neighbors.  Overlooking all of this is the United States.  The Role of the U.S. is similar to the cold war powers in the Tropico franchise.  While able to be used as a boon too much negativity could lead to an unacceptable outcome.To a gamer that has managed elf kingdoms, star empires, defeated the Allies and communist scum in WWII what Rogue State provides is a truly unique sense of place and time.  That the events are closely modelled on recent events in our world are truly interesting and show a great care by the creators.Rogue State is as much an “art” indie game like Gone Home, The Novelist, or Papers Please.  By playing on a gamer’s sense of min/maxing it creates interesting choices between doing the “Right” thing, roleplaying a certain style of government, and winning the game.  Enough options exist to survive several playthroughs even with a fairly linear story that you will lose at least once.In many ways this game feels more suited towards being an IPad or Facebook game.  The turn based structure gives incremental returns and at least one choice per turn.  The game typically is spent making a choice, waiting for the impacts to be felt, and managing a request from a faction or foreign power.  Balancing limited resources creates several “Ah-ha” moments during the first few playthroughs but a limited A.I. ends up making other subsequent games more about experiencing different story branches.I would recommend a purchase and play of Rouge State given the setting and interesting flavor."
76561198044913452,Recommended,396090,19278625,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,UserNamesAre4Plebs,"After purchasing this game and playing it for a few hours I have come to the conclusion that it was worth buying.The developers of this game truly have put in a lot of work towards creating an expereince which incorporates a variety of factors that must be fulfilled in order for one to be succesful, thus creating an equally interesting and challenging experience for the player.While the graphics are certainly up to a satisfactory standard the gameplay itself gets a little stale after a while - not necessarily because there aren't enough events occuring throughout the game but rather because of its very nature.There is only that much that the developers can do with this particular type of Indie-game, but what bothers me at times is the limited speed of the characters movement, the events occuring in response to such, and the repetitve events in response to my actions.To sum it up:Pros;- Detail-rich gameworld- Interesting characters, each with their own unique personality- A pleasing limit of resources (e.g. money) that create scenarios in which it is crucial to make a decisive choice- The humour of the game itself (Chickenistan)- Blend of politics, economics, and military strategyCons;- Slow movement of the characters, thus prolonging the game unnecessarily- Repetitive personalities despite the fact that the characters are frequently with every new game started.- Trade with neighbouring states does not significantly impact the game itself, thus failing to create a wholesome economic simulation.So at the end of the day this game is totaly worth buying.  If you are an Indie fan then I would definetely recommend this to you, though keep in mind that I personally do not feel as if it is worth the current 12.99 EUR they are charging for it - I bought it when it was on a 50% sale - in my opinion that is more apropriate of a price.Please continue on making similar games, I will definetely buy them and can only re-iterate that this game is equally interesting and challenging."
76561197991662104,Recommended,396090,23482255,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,El Presidente,"Rogue State - Where have you been all my life?Instead of writing a technical review of what this baby can do, I'll tell you guys the tragic tale of Glorious Leader Hedegaard of the People's Republic of Basenji.*** SPOILER WARNING ***The honourable ruler had managed to please (or dispose) of everyone in the proud country of Basenji. The people where happy and the economy was risen - things where looking bright for the young republic.The Glorious Leader had, as a Glorious Leader must, prioritized the means avaible to him. Hospitals where not an important thing - We didn't have them before, why would we need them now? People seemed to agree with reasoning.Until a deadly virus came upon the land...Devestating the fragile economy, the borders where closed. All funds where allocated to treating the deadly virus. All of the country's monetary reserves (and more) was spend. The economy was cripled, but the virus was eventually defeated and export could provide steady income once more.Basenji's weakness did however not go unnoticed by the neighbouring countries. In an act of cowardise, Basenji was attacked one morning. Being a responsible Glorious Leader, Hedegaard deployed all forces to the border. At the brink of defeat Basenjis forced prevailed and held back the enemy onslaught. All but annihaleting the Basenji army.With a decimated army stuck in the desert my all but forgotten brother decided that his time was now...BTW: Once we get Steam Workshop on this baby, this game will be downright insane!Thank you guys so much for hours of fun and a good game!"
,Recommended,396090,18507708,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,🐧 crow,"This game is pretty much Hidden Agenda, which is literally the highest praise it is possible to give a videogame ever"
,Recommended,396090,18564892,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Corporal Yakob,"Trapped within the cluttered office of the beseiged Presidential Palace, rushing from phone to phone to raise any remaining loyal forces as the American backed revolutionaries began their final assault, and cowering under my desk as the gunfire and jeering crowds drew closer and closer, I pondered on the mistakes of my despotic regime.Oh why, why, *why* did I have to ban decadent Western haircuts!?"
,Recommended,396090,27912663,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LordWeegeeIII,Hands down the best dictatorship simulator I have played. I spent an hour trying to figer out the point of the nuke.
76561198069338725,Recommended,396090,25198899,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rome Never Fell,"A fun game, but lacking in depth. Wait for a sale and you're golden."
76561198006435283,Recommended,396090,20102573,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PoorNBroken,"It's a fun little turn based game, feel similar to an RPG.  It is, at its heart, a resource management game.  This game is similar to democracy, with its sliders to change policies that affect public opinion.  Every turn, there are ""events"" that have implications on popularity, or resources.  For example, a newspaper prints bad things about you, do you 1. censor the paper 2. kill the author, 3. do nothing?  Each of those choices will affect a segment of your country's population.The Good:  I love its zany atmosphere, and the game's ability to describe real-world ""serious"" into ""funny.""  The game got me wanting to see what happnens next.The Bad:  I want to see what happens next.  After a while, some of the animation gets repetitive.  There are ""dead"" turns where all you do is hit ""next turn.""  There is also an issue with balancing (I feel) where min/maxing stats leads to a pretty droll game.  For example, putting taxes to 50% without much repercussion (even on hard) is weird.  Maxing out policy decisions for ""good"" policies like police or courts seems like a no-brainer, especially when the reward vs the cost is lopsided.  It should have negative to positive sliders for policies.Overall, it's a fun game worth the price of the discounted admission."
76561198034129851,Recommended,396090,18628145,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,blueocean485,"I played Democracy 3 and thought this is just another political simulator game with more graphic and less choice. I reload many times to get oil. I ruled as a leader of the nation and struggle with tax and approving rates. I try to make the 'right' choice and calculate the consequence. I feel nothing. Until that fateful day,when tariq walk into my office. Tariq... I never know... my loyal assistant and friend... you should have told me... I know I would regret...   but this is too important...... And then everything make sense. As I sit alone in the office with no one to summon and no one to talk to.I realize I am a dictator after all. Loniness is the price I pay for power. I feel sad."
,Not Recommended,396090,18548412,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Deadjack,"Rogue State... the humoristic post-revolution country management simulator.A nice idea, layout and attempt to deliver a realistic experience but the game have not what it takes to give us sufficient interest and life span.[Game refunded: Review won't be updated]Plot:The revolution is over and King Salman is dead. You are the leader of the new government of Basenji: a fictive country of Middle East based on the name of a dog. It's up to you to restore the pride and power of your state and create a reign that last for thousand years...Graphics:The intro is nice, based on pictures well drawn. The game takes place in your office and situation room. Every selections of menus makes your avatar ( a man or a women) move across the rooms and open/use appropriates elements related to menus. The game looks nice, only characters are a bit ""frozen"" and loose in realism. Something very nice is the presence of a newspaper. You can check some important info  and every headlines feature photographs depending of recent news. The only really problematic thing about newspaper is the color of text. When some white letters are on black and white photos it lacks in transparency!Music:Nice oriental tunes that stick to the atmosphere of the tile. Voice acting is correct but not impressive. Nothing special to say about this aspect of the game.Controls:Choosing the office of the character is a good and a bad idea. Especially if any menu selections forces you to wait for your avatar to move and activate the selected item related to it. Need to check relations and trade? Select the phone and wait your man or women to take it. Need to read newspapers... wait him or her to cross the room to open it. Ect... ect... ect... Very annoying especially about trading and diplomacy. But let's talk about gameplay would you.Gameplay (the long part) :You are the leader of a so called Rogue State. After having created your president/future dictator, you must appoint your ministers and your brother Farouk to vacant roles.The first issue of the game is the presence of Farouk, a general famous in the revolution and loved by the people.You can't trust him and sacrifice a part of your ministry for him. Considering he's a burden, you are forced to put him in the worst job: intelligence. Every other seat are important and quite early shows the limits of the game:Lacks of information (funny when you think that intelligence is a dark and useless aspect of the game).So you have 3 others politicians, randomly generated and members of 1 of the factions of the country: Patriots, Capitalists, Fundamentalists and Liberals.The game acts around turns where you have to do actions and try to give the best of the time you have at disposal.  To manage factions you have to choose Policies and try to balance popularity between every faction. In general to please your people acts around reading the newspapers to see how much percent of factions compose your country and after you try to balance the most important ones and please them with buildings and ministry favors. Consider that policies can change from a turn to another without any drawbacks and you have a first clue of how simplistic the game is.But this is not all because in Rogue State you can build things...At beginning you must rebuild the country and industries. Few choices with not much impact crosses your path, like amnesty for previous members of brought down government or not. This part sum up quite badly the reconstruction of a country after war. When done you can produce 2 resources and access to 3 panels: Army, Social, and Economic.Very simple, a building rarely give permanent bonuses and quite often asks for a lot of funds to give a one-time bonus that might be spoiled by a random event. Because events are common in the game.Indeed every turn has events, completely random that influence factions, popularity and loyalty.Very often you have to sacrifice a faction and even pay lot of money to get rid of these unpleasant events. 40 % of your country is full of capitalists? Only focus on money and do not care of environmental events.Many fundamentalists? Nevers authorize western corporations in your country. Ect… ect...Extremely boring, it is amazing to see ridiculous events such as the Meteorite when if you have a space program... you can put a device on it and change its course... But if you don't it will blow one of you buildings.Goodbye freshly built Stadium! Goodbye Sweetshop!Ridiculous.But that's not all. A building requires money. You can trade with the 3 neighbor country bordering your country.You take your phone and give a call to each leader to find the best prices and sign contracts for export or import.Resources are random and very often you won't have the one you need to please your factions.Of course good relations gives better prices, also the market influences the prices.But to know what kind of resource your neighbor needs depends of intelligence... and if you remember that intelligence is a completely unexplained element.Add to that the fact that every phone calls uses one of the 4 segments of time that composes a turn... you bet that trades are horribly basic and falls into boredom very quickly.Rogue State tries to play at war too. That's why the situation room is right next to your office...You can buy troops, influenced by Army buildings in terms of price and deployment time. Each unit has attack and defense. And of course, the more powerful the more expensive.There is a situation map where you can move your ""pawns"" and declare war but without any infos about attackers or how to manage fights.You can also manage intelligence and secret projects that takes time and money but bring (apparently) very powerful effects... but you won't have time to see them finished.Because: You remember of Farouk ? Your dear brother waits a moment of weakness to turn upside down your government.And it's where the game fall into a waste of time because you are forced to mass tons of units and rally many favors to temporary slow the revolution prepared by Farouk (don't forget to click on the button on top right because the game doesn't even takes time to explain this...).It is so empty and baffling that i never succeeded to survive this moment.Even if i had 3 factions pleased and a nice popularity but not much money... i've lost the game.Because in Rogue State you build, makes your country a safer place by building tons of institutions and nobody gives a @@@ about it. Even taxes are unexplained and you can tax 50 % of your income and know absolutely nothing about its effects of the population....Ridiculous.TO CONCLUDE:Rogue State is a disappointment. Too simplistic, the game falls very quickly into boring text reading and random events that causes havoc into your miserable tries.Even managing your ministry is a joke where ministers acts stupidly and asks for ridiculous actions.""Move units to this country border!»Even if there nothing wrong with them!""Arrange a meeting with the President of The United States in few months""... and you don't know how to do it even if you invite dozens of time an ambassador with your lame speech...Foreign diplomatic relationships where you have to wait for intelligence that never comes or so basic trade options that any decent management game wouldn't have dare to mix a camel/pony looking animal with a water bottle to create fast food that will make religious fundamentalists upset but Capitalists happy...The most incredible thing in Rogue State are TV speech which are completely useless and empty.Rogue State is a shame that shows peoples of middle-east as stupid and incoherent where random elements cripples a gameplay that could have been great.Too bad."
,Recommended,396090,20300824,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MetCaT,First time i spend too much on army and lose all the wars i declare to my neigboors...Second time terrorist acts spread all over the country...Third time my brother made a military coup...If you want a turn base dictator simulator which suprises you every time you must buy this game.
76561197961067642,Recommended,396090,18579765,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DeathToNewbies,This game is so hard...yet so fun. Tongue in cheek style.
76561197978645230,Recommended,396090,23958164,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rambo [Music On],"Remember Divinity Dragon Commander ruler system?This is that, With a middle eastern spin too it and a touch of reality. (Just a touch tho, i recently made a trade agreement with a chicken).So the game mechanics is good, the art work indie style seems to flow with the theme and the games has kept my enjoyed.OverallA good game in a style and game type that i like.Only bad thing i can find is that sometimes alt+tab does not work but that might just be my laptop."
,Recommended,396090,22733472,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,JovanTheYugo,"+Fun, does well to simulate a dictatorship+Funny music+Good variety of decisions throughout turns-Doesn't explain how to do a lot of important things in the later game-Character interactions gets old quickA more in depth sequel would be the awesome."
76561198029026725,Recommended,396090,19376756,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,PawelK198604,That game is awesome i love game like this.This is basically Assad Simulator :-)
76561198018598516,Recommended,396090,27748484,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,euplatious,"I downlaoded, and ran this game ,expecting a  fun little simulator.  And it is.  It sort of mixies some of the stuff with teh Democracy titles with a plot, war, international relations, trade, and more.  For the first yer and a half (of a 5 year campaign), things were humming.  Everybody liked me.  I was balacing all four factions approval.  We were swmming in cash.  I run into some negative cash based events and had to go into the hole for a bit, but it was fine.   About a year later my neighbor decalres war agaisnt me. I move my 2 tanks and 4 infantry to the border.  We are holdindg steady. I order some more troops.  About three months later, my neghbor breaks through all my forces, and we suddenly get hit by a major epidemic.  To build the infrastructur enecessaryto fight this epidemic, I have to wound our economy, raise taxes, and of course, no one wants our tainted exports, so my trade deals are canceled.  And tourism ends becuase, of course, who is going to your nation during this major epidemic for a year.  And then while that is going on I'm losing a war, and of course the enemy manages to destroy the hospital I had just built. I finally limp trhough that only becuase we are offered a loan for 200 mill from a random person, I take it, finish my infrastructure, and then still can;t finish this war.  My economy is ruined, my people went from 80-100 popularity to around 30% or fewer, and it;s going down.  I owe loan money in addition to others.And I lost my first run throuh the game to war, disease, ruin, and my brother sweeps in late and takes over like the knight riding to the rescue.Would play again!"
,Recommended,396090,33767604,Posted: 24 July,all,ThePresident44,Provides some progression and a cool style of presentation with an interesting narrative and an increasingly difficult balancing act going on. It lacks the depth of a Grand Strategy Game or a classic 4X but for the price it's a nice game with some replayability.
,Recommended,396090,18550168,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,waterlimon,"It was decent, played a few games (which apparently took 8 hours, huh...)Its similar to FTL in that randomness plays a big role. Single events can either destroy or save you from a seemingly unescapable situation. I dont know whether this is a good or bad thing. It does prevent boredom and makes every playthrough different. But on the other hand, playing 'correctly' is not enough to succeed, which might lead to frustration if you just want to get your hands on the nukes (which I never did ;_;).There seemed to be many possible events (of a few possible types, like every turn, or special events that I only faced once in the entire session)General atmosphere was nice.What I disliked:-Too much randomness to my taste, needs more meaningful played choice. More ability to REACT to random events instead of just attempting to anticipate them (which is just a guess for whether that particular action will prove to be useful)-Cannot completely skip animations (you can click twice to skip most of it, but you cant skip ALL of it), kind of irritating once youve done the same thing 50 times-Not enough choices (less randomness would be required for more choices to work I think), like more countries, more detailed war system..."
,Recommended,396090,19929308,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,gigesdij7491,Basic and few actions per turn with not a huge amount of different outcomes. Is better than a lot of political simulators but doesn't have much room for personal story creation or depth. It is a very unique concept though and I think its worth buying.
76561198008887999,Recommended,396090,19117532,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,headwoundhoudini,Great game! I highly recommend it!The one problem is that it's pretty small in scope. I hope Rogue State 2 is more expansive maybe with multi-player capability so you can conquer your friends.
,Recommended,396090,26346631,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Joe,"This game is very fun so far, i have only played it a small amount of time, and i do not think i am going to be playing Civilization for a long time. There are so many different options to choose once you get your game started, your playthrough will not be the same each time.  ∞/ ∞"
76561197986866912,Recommended,396090,19346963,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WheelsDowner,Yes.  Just what I was hoping for.  Engaging and tough.  I'm invested in my country and begin to care by turn two.  Replayability is very good as well.
,Recommended,396090,18542521,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Schlafgut,"This is a crazy small gem. I was very much surprised. If you like Superpowers2, Democracy, Geo-political simulation, the Political Machine... you must have this one. Worth every dollar."
,Recommended,396090,18629465,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Aloysius Teapot,I learned two very important lessons playing this:1. I should not be in charge of nukes.2. Do not make vindictive siblings responsible for maintaining your good image.
76561198042235788,Recommended,396090,18544553,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bob Keeper of the Coin,"I came really close to not recommending this game. The conecpt behind it is very well thought out. It was fun, but i would say that this game lacks major polishing. There was also i bug that appeared after about 2hrs of play. Random dialogue sections would skip, and your character would immediately jump to whatever you clicked on.  With the way the graphics are (retro graphics from the 90's? kind of appealing) and the lack of content and its diversity i would put this game at mid to late beta stage.With some more work from the dev's this could become a real gem. I get the sense that dev's really liked this game but either had to much on their plate, or they wanted to rush this game out ""as is"" for some money. At a $9.74 pricetag i can say im not disappointed that i spent this much money, however i expect some more content, and a clearer set of instructions. (i could not find out how to sell military items instead of disbandment). This game is far to short to be considered more than a flash game.I give this game a 5.5/10 great first try, i hope to play this after an update or some such. (dont you dare try to charge me more money for DLC, in fact, dont even offer me any this would prove to me your intentions)EDIT: Also the military system is lacking. If i am attacked, i expect my military to have a report on our loses, (predicted) Enemy losses, and the enemy units that attacked. Anytime you use the military system, you are essentialy blind. Morale is a huge part of combat, if my miltarys morale is high i expect them to fight far better then if their morale is Meh. Also, ive had situations where an enemy makes peace, then immediately after attacks. As a side note, if i have excellent relations with the U.S. i expect some major help from them, in addition to other nations with poor relations with the attacker."
,Recommended,396090,18540705,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Chromeo,Pretty shallow and too random. Not the worst thing but not that compelling either.edit: I'm changing this review to a tentative reccomendation because I did spend a few hours on the game having fun and the devs seem nice and responsive. I still think there is a lot of wasted potential here but it is a good effort and worth picking up on a sale. Perhaps their next game can live up to the Hidden Agenda pedestal.
76561198038713589,Recommended,396090,18567237,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Metro502,"I like the game so far, i think it would be nice if there was like a sandbox mode wehre i can run the country and things happen. Plus more options for different amounts of money to start with. 200 million my local cities budget is that much.Some Ideas;* More choices of things to do with other leaders and ambassadors* Again more money* How do you unlock the special options you see when your entering your family name* Sand Box mode would be really Great!!!!"
76561198008260349,Recommended,396090,18559858,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Shubacka66,"This is a fun little game, it is only 460mb in size, but even that, there is a lot you can do in the game, so what is the game about? the revolution have just finnished and you are installed as the new leader, your tasks is to build up the country with almost nothing to start with, at the same time you must keep the different groups happy, if you fail you will be invaded by your brother Farouk and the game will end there, but you still earn xp for every played game, this will eventually allow you to unlock perks in the game, so the game have some replay value. in a way it reminds me of the Tropico games, with the exeption there is nothing to build such as farms and stuff, however, the game probably isn't bug free, I noticed my mouse pointer swapped for the games mouse pointer was shown all the time when playing in the middle of the screen, and this was a bit annoying, other than that it appears to work fine, this is not a huge and very deep game but for it's size it is more deep than you think, it is a fun game and the price is ok, but don't expect too much,"
76561198039732455,Recommended,396090,18956199,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Pseudokun,Growing up on tropico (the original) it is a joy to see another backwater policitcal management game such as this.I adore this game even down to its aged art style.I fully recommend this game to anyone wanting a good (and stressful) simulator.TW
76561198127843356,Recommended,396090,20709687,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,alruwaiah,"The game is good with alot of real things without complex things up and graphic is good not much heavey but good for the game theams and if u like tropico 5 or civ 5 u will like this the problem is there are important things that missing are russia and china two great power are missing the world not only united state,i notice with new update it add russian theams but not fully support i wish dev will add full support to china and russia and europe union it'll be great.The other thing is the castomization of the leader u cant change the appreance onle male or female i hope dev work on it.i recommend this game is fun to play and good idea."
76561197980578292,Recommended,396090,18631157,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,thewuff,"Well replayable, thanks to random start settings."
76561198057405206,Recommended,396090,21939591,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,TheEnd,"Graphics aren't the best, but the story line is very good even if it is short. The devs are active in the community and clearly put a lot of work into the game. It was worth the 13 dollars, but I don't think it is worth anything above that as I believe this game has a small replayability rate unless you up the difficulty."
,Recommended,396090,18567036,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Dessert Fox,"Pretty good addition to the painfully tiny library of political simulations. I'd like to see more detail to the game, but otherwise decent."
,Recommended,396090,21934581,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Alex murray,One of the best political stratigy games Ive played for a long while. It has a mixture of serious tatics for playiers who want to control the world the way they see fit. But also contains really funny and enteraining modes that just make the game so fun to play. I really recomend this game. Hands down the best new game Ive played this year.
76561198058091912,Recommended,396090,20308958,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,caduvasconcellos6,"A good indie game with a lot of potencial should some features be corrected.The game is a turn based, point and click roleplay game where you play as the president of the new Republic of Basenji. There are many funny events and some easter eggs you get as you explore the dialogues and all the panels. It is actually a bit hard in the beguinning and I only managed to beat it after failing some four times.I found it enjoyable and would recommend it if you are into such gender and/or indies games, specially during sales.However, there are many features that I think could be changed to make the game way better. Although the first couple of runs may be quite challenging, once you get the hang of the ideal policies configurations and learn to never accept increases in your expenses during the events the game actually gets quite easy. It is relatively easy to be loved by all factions after some time and investments, if you remender to keep good relations with your neighbours so they do not invade you the game is already half won. The storyline events and crises to add some flavour, but end limiting the replayability after a few runs. Still, it took me quite some time to get the hang of it, and I still an trying to get all the secrect propjects, so I dont think the game is actually too short.The main problem I see is the lack of depth given to some features. For exemple, there are many events, decisions and policies that affect the GDP, but these do not actually affect your income in any way. Should the economy and poliocies be revamped to have more variation and possible choises ( not an ideal perfect standar), the game would be way more interesting.The war system is mostly uselless as of now, it costs a lot to build an army (mostly drones), and even when you win the batles you just loose some troups and nothing happens. Getting a positive armistice is quite hard and does not give any substancial amount of money. If the war system would allow for the conquest or great financial benefits with high political risks a whole new dimension would be added.Despite all this I did enjoy the game and will keep playing it some more as the secret projects and scenarios are fun, but with some more depth, simple changes and new buildings for purchases, I believe the game could become much much better"
,Recommended,396090,18578252,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ChaosDMNS,A few bugs. but nothing game breaking... lacking alot of tooltips and explanations. But it's fun anyway.
76561198141251809,Recommended,396090,19415952,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,char565,Excellent game! chanllenging and thorough! please keep improve it!(its already really good though)
,Recommended,396090,20564097,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Pie,Great and challenging game.And I can't believe how many additions they keep making post launch!
76561198006517017,Not Recommended,396090,25152148,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Heichi,"Too many ""problems"" that can't be addressed unless you randomly get the option, speeches are forced into failure by lack of coherent options, or even high star options that are inconsistent.  I don't mind hard difficulty, but being unable to do anything because the options aren't there isn't fun.Buy Democracy instead."
76561198088126656,Recommended,396090,19483525,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,kane-luo,-Build my country as a fundmentalist Islamic State-Becoming filthy rich by selling oil-Global Financial Crisis-Tax revenue gone-Invaded by Chickenstan-Trade revenue gone-My spy found out American ambassador is GAY!-Ransom American ambassador for emergency aid otherwise I tell the whole world he is GAY!-America pays me-Try to use American cash to build a nuke as the last attempt of staying in power-Operation Basenji Freedom!-People are free!-Im Dead!11/10
76561198020505941,Recommended,396090,18514758,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kryptonite,Awesome game.  Puzzle factor is genius and artwork is excellent.   Great value and super addictive.
,Recommended,396090,18620195,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,T-72 Mackensen,"Tried to print counterfeited US Dollars to get quick cash, got caught in the act, US launched operation ""Basenji Freedom"".10/10 would get liberated again."
76561198031235256,Not Recommended,396090,32865736,Posted: 27 June,all,scott1,"Let me start by saying this game is not horrible and is fun for the first couple hours. However, after that the game kind of gets repetitive and you start to find that there is no real depth to the game. I feel the concept is pretty cool but the way it's implimented here does not fully do it justice. It gets to a point where you can gain support from your people and parlement by simply finding the right balance and just running with it throughout the game. So for that reason alone it has no replay value and is not really a lot of fun after the first playthrough. Do not buy unless you can get it 90% off or something."
,Recommended,396090,18553538,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,mr_trouble_maker,"I paid almost $10 US for this game, and i hope that the proceeds aren't going to a foreign government agency...The premise of the game is intriguing.  The implementation is obviously executed by a small development group.  However, there are both good and bad aspects of the current state of the game, by my experience, as follows:Bad- when an event destroys a building that is required for a downstream building, rebuilding that building does not allow for the downstream building to be created... This is a game-breaking bug.  This bug disallows terrorist and nation conflict win conditions, and i can't belive that it made it into the release version-  the ""anti-american propoganda"" in the text choices is painful to play through, however, i grit my teeth and consider that it should be there because it is a realistic (though flawed) perception of people in the regionGood- this game presents a very intriguing and realistic scenario for our world, and it is intellectually stimulating to play through the concept, so props for someone coming up with this conceptI am going to give this game a thumbs up in the hopes that bugs a resolved, and assuming that the proceeds do not help a dubious goventment (ie Iran) sponsored propoganda program.  If it does, and i find out, i'm coming for you.dB"
76561198031789267,Not Recommended,396090,25614701,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Smashimus Maximus,"Just nope.While I like the idea behind the game, it just doesn't really cut it. The interface, for example, is your character's office, from where you govern your country. While this is nice, and gives the whole thing a more ""personal"" feeling than, say, Democracy 3, it gets annoying pretty quickly, since whenever you want to do anything, you have to wait for an animation of your character moving towards the telephone or whatever is needed until you can actually do anything.Also, your policy options are rather limited, which, for me, is the biggest letdown, since it leaves the game with a lack of depth that makes it boring."
76561198087114452,Recommended,396090,18552796,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,JOKER_Reloaded,"First law to survive: Don't build structures without income, save 500M before♥♥♥♥♥♥HIT THE FAN.Every one loves you means you can tax more.GDP never really grows, tax is around 20M, other incomes are export(30-40M), tourism(7-9M) and shipment(15M, minus 5M maintance).Intelligence system only give me useless reports, can't defeat the country that support terroists(Uncle Sam give me assassin but I can't use it ), managed to survive flu but failed in rebuild economy.And I'm still playing it."
,Recommended,396090,18556796,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Stanners,>Free nation from evil tyrant>Create liberal utopia>Find oil>USA want oil>USA invades10/10 would embrace democracy again
76561197998812305,Not Recommended,396090,18563338,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Willem Dafoe Erotic Fantasy,"Lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥ despite looking like dogshit, and the mouse curser frequently dissapears."
76561198032325631,Not Recommended,396090,18558836,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sinophile,"The interface is horribly clunky, which is especially annoying since the game consists of wading through menus. I got bored of this game in the span of an afternoon. I have seen flash games with more complexity than this one. I got bored of this game in the span of an afternoon."
76561198005965669,Not Recommended,396090,18565032,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ahil,"Having a lobotomy might be more fun than this. The end of turn random events are way too harsh on the negative side. The -100 million for the oil tanker spill even though you're a land locked nation ? Really ?Or the virus one that requires either 6 million more per year or 30 million right away to fix.Sorry, this isn't ""fun"" in any definition of the word.If you are going to develop such a difficult game, at least advertise it as such."
76561198019599257,Not Recommended,396090,18572388,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mr_Darkmane,"Nice idea but poor implementation. The game does not provide enough feedback about what your actions will change. Eg it's a bit frustrating when you have great GDP but high unemployment, and you can't see how to fix this. It just turns into a guessing game and that's not fun.Edit: I've played about 20 hours, not 200+ as indicated on steam. It's a bug."
76561198019871997,Not Recommended,396090,18672238,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Pixel Knight,"It really turned out to be a pretty big disappointment.I guess it is somewhat supposed to be a ""rogue-like"" strategy game, but the game seems to randomly punish you, even in the first few turns, which can basically ruin a play through. A lot of the game's strategy seems to be based on guesswork, such as how other countries' leaders will respond to your talking points. Also, factions seem to randomly hate you or like you for no obvious reasons, even though you haven't changed policies whatsoever. Too many turns, I found myself with basically nothing to do and just skipping to the next turn. Maintaining even a half-way decent military is virtually impossible, and actually gaining enough intelligence to use that military well is equally impossible, as it takes huge amounts of money to do either.Overall, this game basically presents you with an enormous mountain to climb, and gives you absolutely none of the tools necessary to even begin to remotely even consider climbing it. It has generally just been a terrible, frustrating experience to play. I wouldn't even remotely recommend it unless you like to play games where the objective is to get as frustrated as possible without ever having any fun."
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,396090,20477094,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,becephalus,"An interesting idea, and has the core elements of a cool game with this theme.  Unfortunately the interface is kind of clumsy and slow, and it makes it so taking your actions each turn takes quite a while for the limited amoutn of acitons you can take.  A nice little game would be here with a smoother interface and greater commitment to ease of use."
76561198011890142,Not Recommended,396090,18965628,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Winter Steel,"The concept caught my eye, but the execution is slim. Why does one have to ""walk around the office"" to interact with everything? Why not just have a view from the desk and spend the time on animating that, rather than some zombie-shuffle across the screen to look at a map?Better to save your ISKies on a Crusader Kings DLC."
76561198082365234,Recommended,396090,28254252,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,TheStaggy,I somehow managed to upset both the religious fundamentalists and the liberals. I wasn't even made when they blew my Escalade up after getting that right.
76561198048237032,Recommended,396090,19832094,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,WordMercenary,Darn Liberals are almost impossible to keep happy.12/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥off virtual Liberals again
76561198029315071,Recommended,396090,18595460,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Soviet_Union100,Best Communist Afghanistan simulator ive ever played.
,Recommended,396090,18595039,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Moe ilia,"It is a fun game to play...Challanging also, did not expect that of a challange when i first bought!A must buy!"
76561198056304084,Not Recommended,396090,30376048,Posted: 7 March,all,Pelethites,You'll play it once and get bored of the repetition in the gameplay. Also the speech giving is so drawn out... I just want to skip it and move on in the game!
,Recommended,396090,18549502,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dr. Fu Manchu,"Within the span of a year, I had successfully established a fundamentalist Islamic republic governed bysharialaw. I celebrated this accomplishment by summoning the American ambassador to my office so I could insult thenajis kafirto his face.Allahu akbar!"
,Recommended,396090,18755126,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Tomo Tomato Tommy Salami,Cluck. Cluck cluck. Bawkawk!
76561198149954937,Not Recommended,396090,18778126,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Centilliondatabase,"You are unable to save and the game is repetative after 1 hour of gameplay, making it useless.There are also several ""glitches"" where you wealth would be unlimited by abusing a certain buy item.Eg. You can buy an item you already bought which increases your wealth an infinite amount of time or buying an item that increase your approval an infinite amount of time. This makes money or approval not matter anymore, hence the game is just a series of repetative events.The war board where you attack other nations glitches and turns your screen black for a couple of minutes or crashes you.Concept is amazing, but the game is poorly designed.Price should not be more than $0.99-$3 as you are playing once.I know the game creator spent a lot of time on this, but it's not good enough I am sorry, but your concept is amazing.Ways of making the game better? Stock market, actual wars including movies and footage, increasing military power (not 50 units maximum the entire game which makes USA the strongest), increasing the number of countries (entire world), when being invaded you run off with limited wealth and coup another country, increasing military options, etc...etc..."
,Not Recommended,396090,18589861,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Demosthenes,"This game is like a flash-game version of Tropico. Not worth the price, and not nearly as good as Tropico is."
76561198213648403,Recommended,396090,28738368,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LeonSHan勇面,It just need a couple more of random events and Policy
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,396090,20455708,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,matty1monopoly,"Basically I keep wishing this game was like King of Dragon Pass. You can't really do anything with your nation beyond a few 30 or so options that can only happen once, basically once you reach the max height of power in the game there's nothing to do."
,Not Recommended,396090,20166557,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BreezyBone,"The game lacks a lot of depth and flexibility that previous titles (Democracy or Tropico series) in the same genre have. The graphics and game play are choppy and the animation is worse than the Lord of the Rings animated cartoon from the 70's.  Take my advice, The Democracy series gets you the same mechanics with a hell of a lot more options and fluidity; without the choppy gameplay and god aweful color schemes.This game is a Pass."
,Not Recommended,396090,18509298,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Horst-Wessel LIT,"Saw it in upcoming games, liked the description. It's not Hidden Agenda, since Hidden Agenda had top tier graphics and a serious storyline with social commentary and historical input.Graphics are going to hit you first, some strange mix of pixel art and 3D models that would be considered high-tech in the late 90s.Gameplay is semi-fun but repetitive and a bit too random, there isn't much to do but balance a budget with the occasional sentence long event or stock conversation with a rival diplomat.3/10 - IGN"
76561198045005689,Not Recommended,396090,28964901,Posted: 2 January,all,AllYourToothbrushAreBelongToUs,Can´t put capitalists in concentration camps.  1/10.
,Not Recommended,396090,18645361,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Johnbeck78,"Doesn't really make much sense. Highly skeptical of all these glowing reviews here.Just no feedback to any of your actions, crappy voice acting and animations, no sense that you're really ""doing"" anything."
76561198031360009,Not Recommended,396090,20510919,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,"I wanted to enjoy this game, but it's just tooo boring."
76561198120367908,Recommended,396090,28881479,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JFeeley88,very good game
,Not Recommended,396090,28901273,Posted: 1 January,all,Infection,I thought this game would be a lot better. Wouldn't recommend even durning a sale.
,Not Recommended,396090,18538438,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MaBep,"Small, short on options, some of them just useless (half of buildings, for example..). Game is pretty a challenge anyway, so you can make some fun even with these poor choices. Still better play ""democracy 3"".Hope authors have alot more to add to the game.And devs, please add opportunity to skip all that everyday's stuff animations, like opening book of policies, phonecalls etc."
,Not Recommended,396090,32820171,Posted: 26 June,all,Sukhpr331,Absolutely terrible game through and through.
76561198100277660,Not Recommended,396090,29132867,Posted: 8 January,all,angel.anas,keeps freezing and crashing.game play not too great up till now either.
,Not Recommended,396090,27542695,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jokoro,"Runs like a game on Windows 95 and has as much depth as a floppy disk. It's not bad, but there are so many games of similar genre but much better for just a tad more money. It's worth exploring other options."
,Recommended,396090,32504111,Posted: 17 June,all,Gay Guillaume,"He is even worse than a Jew, he is may Allah forgive me for uttering this word, a Leaf"
,Not Recommended,396090,25553117,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,4Chan_Is_My_God_Now,"Any reason that a country can declare war on me even when my relation with the U.S and U.N are maxed out and I'm still paying war reperations from the last time that they attacked me?Ohh, because the person that made this game was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, that explains a lot."
76561198019429221,Not Recommended,396090,23934616,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Harasdar,"No, just, no...Clumsy controls...no fun...stereotype accent."
76561198071155519,Not Recommended,396090,24523767,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,t4ismit3,Invaded a bunch of chickens. I lost. Now im bitter.
76561197977400499,Recommended,396090,22075689,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,LeeHarveyOswald |LMC| (Pschwomp),"Revisiting this.It's a fun indie game worth the money. You won't play it more than 50 hours but it's a great little game that takes you along a compeling story.Essentially, this game is dictator simulator."
76561198102896301,Not Recommended,396090,33751191,Posted: 23 July,all,peter.beketer,"Rogue State is a handsome mess. I've tried to like it, I spent on it 7 hours, and 12 more after some pause, and in the end I feel robbed.The game lets you feel like a ruler in terms of stress and management, but not in terms of making a difference. Sometimes the game doesn't seems to answer to your choices, sometimes it's misguiding/arbitrary, and sometimes it feels too cruel or even too sugared.About choises:You can disallow the death penalty and give amnesty to previous ruler's allies, but anyway NPCs will say that you executed them publicly, and sometimes the game will obliviously suggest to punish your subordinates with nonexistent measure.Random regular events – one of important gameplay features – contributes to the feeling of powerless. Event can ask you to deal with, say, ecological problem, and the only way to resolve it... is to encounter this crisis not before X turn. Not before you'll be allowed to build infrastructure, because you need will to have specific construction. That could add some drama or 'realism', but you can never solve crisis later, not even for a month, and it doesn't always makes any sense.About misguiding:You can lose the game while having 100% approval of every person and institute in the county just because pretty UI doesn't helps you to understand objectives. It feels like cheating, and the game cheats you repeatedly. After every walkthrough you'll earn some XP to unlock new gameplay features. Unfortunately, some of them are mediocre, and others just have no effect (literally).About cruelty or sugary:It's just another form of inability to play as you want. You can build liberal paradise, but your subordinates will anyway fail to interrogate prisoner without killing him, because it is mentioned in a dialogue, and dialogues doesn't react on your play-style, they all written for default ""dirty heartless dictator"" style. Sweetness is the opposite: if you wish to be a strict ruler, you can forbid hamburgers or western haircuts, but the most severe measure you can inflict on liberal manifestation is... turning blind eye on it.I'm afraid that Rogue State actually has only one real way to win it, a pretty precise set of steps. Any other steps are of no significance or wrong. It's not awful – many components of the game are very decent – but I can't recommend it."
76561198267759771,Recommended,396090,34749933,Posted: 4 September,all,amiskelley,cant write family name or write in the cheat menu.
