user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,396350,29815388,Posted: 9 February,all,Crazy Gudako,"Bleed 2 is a game that's hard to quantify.  At its core,  it's a very solid experience.  The systems are excellently designed, the new additions (such as sword swipes occuring with trigger pulls and reflecting certain attacks) are brilliantly thought out.  I can't stress enough how well the game's control and interaction was thought out.... but it feels like, after this was perfected, the developer realized he needed a game to use it on and kinda just filled up the levels with mostly forgetable minibosses and extremely lackluster platforming.Length & Value:  Bleed 2 is a very short game.  Very short.   It's an arcade styled title at its heart so it clocks in at around... 40 to fifty minutes for your first time (including quite a few deaths), if that?  Unless this is a game you see yourself playing repeatedly, you should wait for a sale.Difficulty:  Honestly, Bleed 2 is a lot easier than the first game.   I wouldn't even rate it as very hard as far as the genre goes.  The minibosses in particular are painfully simple at times and they become the bulk of the gameplay (more on this later).  Big bosses however are really special and interesting to fight, it's a polished experience, but they feel like they take too much damage.  It's a fairly short affair.Pacing: This is where Bleed 2 falls apart, at least in my eyes.  It has a massive issue with its overall pacing compared to the first game.  In Bleed 1, you would platform and shoot through a short-ish level. During this time, the boss you'd soon fight would sometimes act as a distraction or an enviromental hazard.  This lead-up really allows you to feel the Protagonist's power level as she zips around the traps, projectiles, and enemies.  The experience of the levels was a liberating one, and allowed the player to savor the (often claustrophic) duels with bosses far more.Bleed 2, does not have this.  Instead you will have miniboss after miniboss with short, FF13-esque corridors between them.  We're talking, thorugh the first level, it's only a handful of seconds between each of the bosses and really destroys the flow of the platforming.    The level sections are also very lackluster.  Usually it's just a few floating platforms to hop between with enemies (seemingly quite a few recycled from the first game).  And then you get to the minibosses, who are pretty spongy, and lock you into a small room for a duel and stop your forward progress for a while.It's baffling that the platforming wasn't more fully realized, especially when the game is very short as it stands.Boss quality:   The game's Furi-esque focus on bossfights wouldn't be an issue if they were fun. They aren't.  After twenty minutes I had to take a break because of how boring it got. It's  largely just one bulet-sponge boss after another, eadch with their own little gimmick, but not a very trying one.  There's a few exceptions with stage end-bosses but even then it doesn't really offset the lesser encounter.   It would've helped if there were interesting interaciton with the enviroment, or lots of boss-stages, or transfomrations- something to increase the interactivity.  But there's not much.All in all, the experience left me lethargic rather than empowered.  It wasn't what I had hoped out of such a long awaited sequel.  That's not to say the game is terrible, it's just... not one I'd really recommend.  Your mileage may vary.And first negative review for the title, huh?  Comments section isn't gonna be pretty.EDIT:  One thing I forgot to add is how weapon unlocks work.  Remember in Bleed 1 how you could buy weapons throughout your first playthrough? Not anymore. Now it's done by beating the game on (whichever) difficulty level.So you better enjoy the dual handguns+Katana, because it's all you get for your first playthrough."
,Recommended,396350,32596360,Posted: 20 June,all,Discy,"Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,396350,29794354,Posted: 8 February,all,Nixitur,"Bleed is back and it's even more ridiculous than the first game. It's got tight controls, tons of bosses, a great soundtrack, local co-op, radically different playable characters and much more.If you liked the original, get this game.If you like 2D action games like Noitu Love, get this game.If you want toparry a helicopter, get this game."
,Recommended,396350,29816892,Posted: 9 February,all,The Lord of Doorknobs,"An amazing game, but unfortunately short. As someone who loved the original, this game controls better, sounds better, looks better, and I had just as much fun. I bought and finished the game on Very Hard on the same day, and had a blast the whole time."
,Recommended,396350,32666158,Posted: 22 June,all,Nightlyght,"One of my online friends convinced me to get this game, spoke highly of it for a long time and I decided that I would finally try it on stream in something called Indie Sunday. Needless to say, I was not disappointed. The graphics are the classic arcade graphic feel and promote to the overall theme of the game. Bright colors, cute scenery, and the works made this game a lot of fun to play.The music in the game was very well thought out, for a bullet hell game, you really need something that isn’t too distracting but motivates you at the same time, and this game nailed it on the head. There isn’t much of a story line, so you’re looking for something like that, move along, this is meant to be a game more for the arcade/action gamer.I haven’t played through all the modes yet, but I did go on hard and felt like it was of moderate difficulty to any seasoned gamer. A challenge, but not intimidating. I would honestly recommend this game to anyone who loves platformers/bullet hell/arcade style games. It’s an extremely worth it buy that can keep you entertained.with many modes to choose and challenge from. Game was also extremely easy to stream on twitch with no shut downs or issues and hardly put a dent into CPU."
,Recommended,396350,29787586,Posted: 8 February,all,Cyran Atlas,"Ian, you really did well.I just finished the storymode and I absolutely loved every second of it.Can't wait to spend the next month playing it non-stop!"
,Recommended,396350,29792629,Posted: 8 February,all,Fox,"Fast Paced Shooter and an Excellent SequelShort review, if you loved Bleed 1, you will love Bleed 2.Bleed 2 is a fast paced twin stick shooter with some minor platforming. The most important thing in a challenging game like this is control, which thankfully like the first game is precise. I do recommend playing with a controller though. The character can double jump, dash, slow down time, and new feature reflect bullets.The characters are once again charming, and well animated. The boss fights once again are legendary and a lot of fun.The game is short, but honestly each level is so much fun and action packed that the price didn’t bother me. This game is designed the for the perfectionist high scorer, so if that is something you love, you will thoroughly enjoy replaying levels to get better and better.Check out my first part of gameplay, and subscribe to my channel for more great indie gameshttps://youtu.be/3QsTepXHxrQ"
76561198019550271,Recommended,396350,29912422,Posted: 13 February,all,obstructor,"Its like the first bleed, but somebody said make it only boss battles.I kind of miss having levels, but its a great throwback to the fun I had with the original game.The difficulty is a little sporadic, with the second hardest boss in the game being pretty early (the metal boss that blocks all damage until the core needs to change sides.)But its good."
,Recommended,396350,32555963,Posted: 18 June,all,Blightning,Short but sweet. Bleed 2 is an upgrade to the first in every way except length. Being able to reflect shots of your colour is a welcome addition and gives an interesting actual co-operative element to co-op play.
,Recommended,396350,29982865,Posted: 17 February,all,cheatfreak47,"I liked it. Took me a bit to get used to the controls again after so long away from the original.The game is mechanically sound, has even better music then Bleed did, and the new katana reflection mechanic is just cool.At the moment, I've only done one playthrough on normal so I might re-write this one later, but I will definitely be doing many more playthrough.I also bought the game at full price, which isn't something I normally do- but I loved the first one so much- it was worth the 10$ to me, this time.Nice job, Ian."
76561197983762507,Recommended,396350,30011978,Posted: 18 February,all,Palstek,"Pros:- Smoother gameplay than its predecessor- More detailed and dynamic levels- The new reflecting mechanic is really fun to play around with- Replay value due to multiple difficulty settings and unlockable characters- Those characters vary in their playstyle- Original boss fights (in some cases)- Mutators, some increase difficulty, or allow you to cheat.. and some even let you look into the game mechanics (must be unlocked first)Neutral:- Recycling of a number of bosses of the first gameCons:- Too short campaign, a few more levels would have been nice (2-3 more at least).Compared to the first Bleed this game is an improvement in many ways. The controls feel a lot smoother and precise which makes dodging attacks a lot easier. Unlocking everything was quite fun as well, though the highest difficulty was a bit frustrating in some fights. Compared to the first game however, Bleed 2 is a bit easier on the highest setting.The reappearance of the bosses of the first game is nice and anticlimatic at the same time. Battling them with the overhauled mechanics is fun, but it also feels a bit like filling in for the lack of ideas.Its biggest downside is the way too short campaign, the game really needs a few more levels to feel long enough. Even with the replay value you are through after a few hours.Altogether its a nice and fun game only lacking some more levels."
76561198051693915,Not Recommended,396350,29844635,Posted: 11 February,all,SKETCHe,"MASSIVE wall of text: TL;DR AT THE ENDthis game is the child of our fabled hero, who grew old and had a beard longer than the biggest ball of twine. this child is not the new hero we, or at least i,  deserve (or want, you pick).I want to preface: i love bleed 1 to death, and i do love bleed 2, to a lesser extent. in the original bleed, even if i would pop a blood vessel every couple of femtoseconds, because you really felt the challenge of becoming the hero the character became. YOU felt what she felt: the challenge. The challenge of getting your teeth bashed in by each boss and kicking you in the head, eventually triumphing with a smile that was wider than the Joker's. you could spend hours perfecting the original bleed, and you could BUY WEAPONS THROUGHOUT THE STORY (more on that later on). you weren't stuck to a stream of bullets and a quick purple bullet popper of a katana. you could snag a flamethrower for dispersing crowds that jumped you, or pick up akimbo pistols for a southpaw sort of challenge. the bosses were memorable, the levels were long, dense, and harder than ten miles of titanium. this is why i have such a problem with bleed 2.Bleed 2 was short. if you played on hard, and happened to be rusty like i was, you would've cleared the entire main story in roughly an hour. the main story has no real reward system via cash or in game ""here's a badge, champ, go get em."" type of thing. it was just a forcible, all in one sitting style of game. im sure you could have quit the game to stop, but there were no natural pauses in it.My personal biggest ♥♥♥♥♥ of all: this game locks off every single other, truly unique playstyle until you finish the game. it's like finishing a bicycle race in first place with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, scrapyard, DIY bike, then having the guy who organized the race to give you his personal array of bikes, from mountain bikes, to cruisers, to everything under the sun that has two wheels only. you can't enjoy a free playstyle until you've beat the game.the challenge has also left, leaving you with weak transitions into tedious bosses with boring attacks, and simple mechanics, at best. MANY old bosses are repeated, as a slight pinch of salt into what may very well be a wound that shouldn't be there. Meeting the classics was sorta fun, but it felt genuinely lazy because now it was maybe five or six (rough guesstimate) new bosses/boss concepts. the only justified reuse of bosses waswhen you're finally facing down your classic, golden haired rival and he pulls out some old stops to give you a flashback and some old air that felt fresh, in a way. Back onto mechanics: the only the most unique mechanic was in the final bossfight, which involved .the final boss is the  blue haired chick, and you can only defeat her with taunting and taking off massive ♥♥♥♥in chunks of health.All in all, the game is not the sequel i was hoping it would be. i wanted more dirty fighting that involved unfair challenge that i could overcome through sheer will and focusing, the kind that♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and dare you to come back for more abuse till you knock it flat on its♥♥♥♥♥and jump in the air with angry excitement, only to dread the next level that was even more daunting; and i got a short story with an ending message that feels like it's from a 90s television show for kids. yes that IS wryns personality, but it felt much more fake this time: you were taken on a ride instead of driving the car. thats another personal ♥♥♥♥♥ about it, but thats just what i personally feel. I wanted to be a daring, rising hero again, the kind of hero that really earned her reputation as the number one of the entire world, but all i got was a quick trip into defeating a much less impactful feeling villain's lair, andan old rival turned forced gaming buddy. I do have to admit, the ending chunk was cute because of the personal feeling to it, and you really felt the stakes raising higher than before. you got the sense of tension that wryn sorta felt, and it was great having an old titan of fightin to go up against, another chance at a classic fight moment to really bring back the old memory of playing bleed 1. but if the best bleed 2 can capture of bleed 1 is a passing memory... is it really worth it?TL;DR: short, easy, boring boss, cute end bit, no true arsenal altering until you win, but overall just not what i expected from the sequel to the game that makes you bleed internally, bleed."
,Recommended,396350,29861240,Posted: 11 February,all,Tewi Potato,"A fun, fast, satisfying sequel. I'll note right away that this is a very score focused game, much like the original. No RPG mechanics, barebones story, no fluff - my first run through story mode took about an hour on Hard.However, what is here is absolutely nailed - so far I'm enjoy this just as much if not more than the original. The stages are fairly short but each boss is satisfying to fight and none overstay their welcome. The unlockable characters in particular (and weapons, to a lesser extent) are excellent for adding a bit of variety to each run, as each offer unique abilities - and every character feels well equipped to deal with each stage. There is noticeable consideration taken towards making sure the game is still challenging and fun with all of them.Pretty much the only downside I can note at the moment is how there's very little feedback when you take damage. Sometimes amidst the chaos it's hard to tell when I get hit, and paying attention to your HP bar is equally difficult. While it may get easier to notice with practice, it makes learning how to avoid certain attacks early on pretty rough.Despite that minor gripe, this is an easy recommendation to anyone who enjoyed the original, and if you haven't played that, I recommend both if you enjoy fast paced score attack type games."
,Recommended,396350,32773098,Posted: 25 June,all,kaqqao,"The original Bleed was frenetic platforming interspersed with creative boss fights. Bleed 2 almost completely dispensed with platforming in lieu of unyielding waves of bosses. In that sense it is less varied, but I've enjoyed this form nevertheless. Bleed remains my favorite shooter franchise and I'll surely insta-purchase any future installment."
76561198092033007,Recommended,396350,29817179,Posted: 9 February,all,Biker,This game is amazing.It's a 2D bullet hell shooter that's so fast paced that they have to give you the ability to slow down time.Great level design amazing soundtrack brilliant pixel art and a crap ton of cool boss fights.There are at least 3 boss fights in every stage.Only downside it's abit short finshed it in abot 40 mins but it was worth it.
,Recommended,396350,30650303,Posted: 21 March,all,The Last Thing,It's absolutly worth it. Just know it's a small game with A LOT of replayability.
76561198052423467,Recommended,396350,30154752,Posted: 24 February,all,Soxy Foxy,"Challenging and fast-paced and fun like the first one. Its more boss than level based than the first, but the bosses are varied and fun."
76561198061113226,Recommended,396350,29794944,Posted: 8 February,all,JCorvinus,"My first playthrough of the campaign took an hour. That might sound like a bad thing, but it's not. The original Portal was short too - because only the absolute best quality gameplay was included. No filler, no wasting your time. It's the same here. Every second of gameplay is lovingly crafted, with excellent attention to detail. It's utterly beautiful how well this game sucks you into the flow state and keeps you there.The technical execution of this game is much improved over the original Bleed. The sprites are prettier, the sound is fuller, the entire game is just jucier - it's a real treat to play. The mechanical aspects of the game are an improvement as well. I won't go into that part as not to spoil it, but there are some really clever things done that take the Bleed paradigm to a whole new level.On top of that, the game doesn't really end at the end of the campaign. With an action game like this the real name of the game is mastery through replay. Changing the difficulty vastly changes the game, and I will be re-playing the heck out of it, honing my skills each time, and trying to unlock all the things. I don't actually know how high the skill ceiling is for this game, but I'm gonna try to find out.I implore you to try it. You won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,396350,30700458,Posted: 24 March,all,AliceTheGorgon,"Lots of neat new characters, but the bosses are *absolutely not* balanced for them.On Very Hard, there are a bunch of attacks which are unavoidable for certain characters, since many of them either have no dodge move, or only a very limited one, and no time slowing either, and little to no attack telegraphing on enemy attacks on V. Hard.It's so bad, that some bosses are essentially unbeatable if you pick the ""wrong"" character, meaning that you might make it through most of a level fine (or even several whole levels) and then suddenly get stonewalled.This is compounded by just how freakin' many bosses there are (often three or more in one level), and so you have to be able to beat *all* of those bosses with the character, or else there's no point in beating any of them since you won't be able to beat the level.This is *even further* compounded by the fact that the health and energy upgrades from the first game are gone, meaning you have *basically no health or energy* on harder difficulties, even though Bleed 1 let you get around twice as much as you have in this game.*And if that wasn't bad enough*, the two characters with the most unique playstyles *require* a few quiet moments of setup to be able to use their special abilities, which means you *literally cannot use those abilities* during many boss battles, because there's *no down time at all* in them.On a different topic, the levels seem more boring than in Bleed 1. I think they're simpler and shorter, but it's been a while since I've played the original, so I can't say for sure what's different.I love most of the new characters, and the new weapons and dodge abilities for Wryn are really neat to have, but the extra characters seem frustratingly neglected considering the various little bits of custom text for each character, as well as the few custom cutscene images added for them, and the game seems poorly paced.Hopefully some of these things can get ironed out, because the game has a lot of potential, and a lot of good moments underneath the frustrations."
,Recommended,396350,32984530,Posted: 29 June,all,法蘭西多士不是西多士,A game I really enjoy for my free time. Brings out the old days
76561198040644163,Recommended,396350,29818203,Posted: 9 February,all,Urn Sudden,"If you haven't played the original, Bleed 2 is a twin stick platformer bullet-hell hybrid that gets most of its value out of mechanical mastery (the rest being charm) rather than narrative depth or story-length, much like the original. A lot of enemies and bosses were recycled, with some difference in pattern, but on top of the rehash, the lineup was doubled and made more difficult to accomodate the smoother controls. All in all, you get the gist of the original, and twice the content for fittingly twice the price, though it's nice to have the ""fresh take"" on old bosses be refreshed, and not brand new.If you've played the original, Bleed 2's narrative is a touch more coherent, the graphics and audio have a nice level polish to them, the mechanics are smoother, the upgrade shop and platforming segments (essentially fluff and padding, in my opinion) have been cut and streamlined respectively, leaving you with a fast-paced and bullet-dense experience. A boon to late-game arcade mode play.It also incentivizes co-op and parrying far more than the original with its color-coded parrying system, on top of condensing parry and fire into one action.10/10 would recommend, with a friend."
,Recommended,396350,29837166,Posted: 10 February,all,Not Dante,"I bought this the moment it came out. It's more in-depth than it's predecessor by offering specific bullets/projectiles you can reflect. The weapons are now unlockables and you can equip more than two at a time. Although there are fewer, they are more useful than how the weapons were in the first game. The Rival isn't as unique as before which is a shame. Also recycling the bosses from the previous game left a bad taste in my mouth."
76561198057282235,Recommended,396350,29811270,Posted: 9 February,all,[LKC] JakeLore,I've played the previous bleed some years ago and enjoyed it now the sequel came out. I beat it in about one hour on hard diffculty but the main selling point for this game to me is that fact that there's a lot of replabilty (as well as being able to use both dual pistols combined with the katanna). It may have been shorter than the first one but it's still worth the time and money. (Just buy it now!)
,Recommended,396350,30085852,Posted: 21 February,all,Talyl,"This game is not about the first completion.Or the second completion.It's replayability for someone like me is all in the competitive leaderboards, everyone working to out do each other's times and finding new and slick ways to play the game. Take my playtime as an example. Would I be able to do this if the game was too bland to replay? Hell, Star Fox 64 was a 60 minute game but I can't even begin to imagine how much time I have in that game."
,Recommended,396350,29976448,Posted: 16 February,all,PersonGuy,"Quick simple shooter game with lots of cute characters and explosions. Bleed 2 is perfectly content being nothing other than good fun and it achieves that while making it look effortless. Great art, great audio, great dialog, great levels, great bosses.I can’t remember if first Bleed had a 2 color system. In this one you can reflect purple bullets while having to dodge yellow. You also have a slow motion ability which is necessary for dodging some attacks (similar to Viewtiful Joe). There’s a strong focus on bosses, sometimes several in a row. But checkpoints are very generous so you don’t need to repeat much.The game is fairly short, I beat it on Hard in about an hour. But this unlocks several characters and they all play significantly differently. For example: one character flies, and instead of having slowmo can change color to absorb either purple or yellow attacks.If you liked Bleed and want more, this is a no brainer purchase. If you like run and gun shooters, I’d recommend playing Bleed 2 first, though they’re about the same."
76561198195036314,Recommended,396350,34818199,Posted: 8 September,all,Champignon,Great... short... but great!I loved it :)Has extras and works flawlessly on GNU/linux.
,Recommended,396350,29792967,Posted: 8 February,all,Tetsuo9999,"Stylish action games, be it high quality shmups, beat-em-ups, or character action games are hard to find these days. When one comes out, the entire community jumps on the chance to play them because it's likely there won't be many more throughout the year. Bleed 2 caters to that audience with flying colors. It takes the first game's refined gameplay and improves it even more, all while not wasting your time. Many games like this pad out the experience with minigames and/or long walks to the next piece of action, but Bleed 2 is basically an arcade game; fast, short, to the point, and almost no downtime. I played through it in one sitting (about 45 minutes on Normal with a few deaths) and felt immersed the whole way through. The new bullet reflect mechanic adds an interesting dynamic to the core gameplay from the first title and also keeps things fresh.Much like an arcade game, most of the replay value will come from self-imposed challenges along with the healthy amount of unlockables. This game won't satisfy anyone looking for a meaty 6-8 hour experience, but is a great fit for any other action game fan. With the refined gameplay and lack of rough spots in the campaign, it will offer many hours of fun to anyone willing to unlock everything and attempt to go for high scores."
76561197976277053,Recommended,396350,30044903,Posted: 19 February,all,Tommyboy,Amazing game! Loving it!
,Recommended,396350,30160694,Posted: 25 February,all,TombaHat,"Do you like Gunstar Heroes, Max Payne, and Cave Shmups? This is the game for you.  So is the first game, go back and play that one if you haven't then play this one.  It's only 15 dollars for both and you'll be getting your moneys worth!"
76561198040858400,Recommended,396350,29864764,Posted: 11 February,all,choren64,"TL;DR: Bleed 2 is an amazing, fast-paced side-scrolling action shooter with dozens of fun bosses, incredibly fitting music, and epic proportions of polish all making up for its somewhat short campaign.I was a fan of the original Bleed, and upon hearing of a sequel being released I picked it up to give myself a few hours worth of a new experience. Boy what a few hours those were, turning into at least 10 hours within the first couple days. 10 hours doesn't seem like much to an outsider's perspective, but when you consider the game can be beaten in around 30 minutes, then it must be doing something right. Hidden among that shorth length are some of the most memorable blazing fast encounters I've experienced from games in quite some time. I wasn't a big fan of side-scrolling shooters in the past, but I think this game has sparked my appeal to the genre.In this game, you play as Wryn, the ""Greatest Hero of All Time"" triple-jumping back into action to stop an invasion from a powerful being named Valentine. Each level lets you shoot, slide, slash, and slow time to better your odds against several returning and unique new enemies. You'll face robots, rivals, and revenge-seeking loyalists while running from explosions, rising on missles, and ricocheting around space ships too! The variety is incredible. Despite this, the story follows a more linear route as opposed to the hit-list from the last game, and yet manages to have many more unique and fun bosses to fight (with some from the previous Bleed game returning)The biggest thing that jumped out at me though were the minor differences from its predecesor. For starters, Your default weapons are the pistols AND katana, which allows you to both shoot reflect certain colored projectiles back at enemies, or even reflect the baddies themselves! This creates a great new gameplay dynamic were shooting is no longer the only method to thining the number. The plethora of cosmetic changes (better sprites, better bullets, and better sound effects) only adds to the presentation. On top of all that, the change in soundtrack was a big step in the right direction. Rock 'n' roll action tunes seem to fit the pace and setting better than Bleed's chiptunes.My only real complaint is its short length, which can be forgivable given its tight focus on mechanics and replayability. I find the difficulty settings on the whole to be a touch easier than the last game, but much more fair, a similar sentiment I share with the arcade mode, where you play through the whole game on a single life bar. I admire the small features like replay recordings and challenge modes, all which simply serve to enhance the original game. Even now I feel like going back this second to shoot more robots and reflect missiles.I've seen a few people complain about the games pacing. On the contrary, the pacing seems even better in this game than the last, since its very fast-paced and action packed. As of time of writing, I have yet to try the multiplayer mode, a situation I plan to aliviate soon. I doubt it will disappoint, as the rest of the game has passed will flying, pink/purple colors! I highly recommend it!"
76561197997882332,Recommended,396350,29865490,Posted: 11 February,all,ademisk,"An improvement on the original in every way.  A lot of speed that requires fast decision making skills.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO USE A GAMEPAD.  This game can be played on a keyboard but the difference between gamepad and keyboard is like night and day in terms of quick actions.  The only real problem with the game is that some attacks come so fast that even with the tell it's impossible to dodge until after you've seen it once before.  That being said, infinite lives in the story mode makes it largely insignificant of a problem."
76561197999077265,Recommended,396350,29964495,Posted: 16 February,all,Feculator,"Contains most of the elements that make a perfect platform shooter:- Lots of trash mobs to stylishly wreck- Mouse aim- Triple-jumping/air-dashes- Bullet-timeBesides that:- Cool bosses- Really cool projectile reflection gimmick- The unlockables are also cool, although the weapons are (again) not as good as the starter pistol/katanaPlayers of the original should probably prepare for this to be more of a remake - many ideas are recycled (albeit in revamped forms). It's also fairly short for those players - I completed the storyline in less than 2 hours - replay value comes from the fact that it's just goddamn FUN, and trying to perfect your score. There are leaderboards now, to help you compete."
,Recommended,396350,30033693,Posted: 19 February,all,Infernoleo,Think gunstar hero with slow motion and a very fun dodging stystem. Kinda short but unlockable and incressed difucultys add alot of replayability. If you played the first one its diffently easyer but still super fun. Also co op is super fun.
76561197999886936,Recommended,396350,29834596,Posted: 10 February,all,Sol Arcana,"I played entirely too much of the original Bleed when it came out on the Xbox Live Indie Market.  I suspect I will be playing entirely too much of Bleed 2 as well.For those that aren't familiar, Bleed 2 is a run and gun action game, not so dissimilar from old arcade titles from the 16/32-bit days of video games.  You play as Wryn, a woman with the ability to dash multiple times in mid-air, deflect projectiles with a katana, shoot a never ending stream of bullets, and slow down time.Bleed 2's story mode is a direct continuation of the original.  It's a stage based campaign with very focused, linear levels. While it lacks the humorous twist of the original, and has less input from our heroine, it's still a fun and humorous trip that goes for roughly an hour.  This game removes the ability to spend points to level Wryn up, but does give you new weapons and types of dashes to use whenever you beat one of the difficulty levels.  Personally, I like this decision as it removes the incentive to repeat stages for the express purpose of grinding, and can instead be designed around a specific amount of HP and ""slow down time"" meter.The overall presentation is drastically improved over the original.  The colors are bold and make it easy to pick out what's a threat to you and what isn't, the animation looks very good, and the music is pretty solid.  The set pieces and environments are well done too.  I would also like to mention a couple of very helpful visual cues added to this game.  One is that any projectile/object you can deflect glows Wryn's color.  So if the object is purple you can deflect it, which takes all of the guess work out of defending with the katana.  Another nice addition is that when you've used up all of your airdashes, Wryn's boots leave a puff of smoke instead of the usual trail, making it easier to keep tabs on when you need to touch the ground again.If you played the original you'll see some familiar faces, sections of levels, and enemy patterns, but it's not so much that it feels like a rehash.  Each encounter has enough content added onto it that they still feel fresh.  There were even a few moments where I found myself getting hit by attacks simply because I assumed that they would follow the same pattern as the original.  There's definitely plenty of new stuff to warrant a revisit from fans of the original, even if it does sometimes feel a bit too familiar.Much like the original, increasing the difficulty expands what the enemies can do.  This is something I'm pretty happy about as many games simply crank up enemy HP and the amount of damage you take.  Going from Normal to Hard still gives you good reasons to stay on your toes and keep an eye out for new attacks which help keep things interesting.Arcade mode also returns, allowing you to take a straight shot through the entire game in one go cut scenes and continues excluded.  One new addition to Arcade mode are health pickups.  In the original, you had the one health bar for all of Arcade mode so it's nice to be able to refuel between stages.  What is especially smart about this addition is that the extra health is usually slightly out of the way, thus adding to your time, and it resets your Style meter.  So the more casual player can get a breather, and those aiming for the fastest times and highest scores still have some risk/reward to contend with.The incredibly silly Challenge mode is back as well.  This mode lets you hop into an enclosed arena and fight up to three bosses... all at the same time.  Is it reasonable? Not at all, but it's a fun ""what if"" style mode that's definitely worth trying.Bleed 2 is a fantastic little game.  It may be short, but it also never over stays its welcome or feels like it has any filler.  It looks good, sounds good, plays great, and has plenty of replay value for those that enjoy what it has to offer.  If you're a fan of old-timey run and gun 2D shooters, I highly recommend it.- Update:So it's been a couple of months and I haven't played it as much as I thought I would, but I stand by my recommendation."
,Recommended,396350,29819875,Posted: 10 February,all,Gecko,"It's incredible.  First time playing the game and i spent 7 hours on it. Started on hard, played again on very hard, unlocked characters that play totally differently, beat it again on very hard with 2 of them. Went into bonus challenges and things, did some of those. It's great. really great.Music is rad, sfx are a little weird sometimes but still enjoyable. No level or boss fight feels like BS.If you want a rock solid action game that's designed to be played over and over again, Bleed 2 has your back.I came in expecting a jank experience tuned for the absolute hard core, but with the difficulties, and modes with and without checkpoints, I was really, really impressed with an experience i'd recommend to anyone.Knocked it out of the park, Bleed Dev Guy"
,Recommended,396350,29807302,Posted: 9 February,all,TerrorOfTalos,"A very solid sequel to the original Bleed. The presentation, level design, music, polish, balance etc. is much a step up from the first game which was already good mind you, it just needed some fine tuning here and there which I'm glad to say Bleed 2 does the job well in that regard. Now what the game may be lacking in pure length it makes up for in replayability, even more action than the first game, engaging fast paced gameplay and creative and fun bosses that'll make you keep coming back for more, especially now that there are fleshed out leaderboards this time around. I highly recommened this game to anyone who's a fan of sidescrollers such as Mega Man X, Contra, Metal Slug, Rocket Knight Adventures etc."
,Recommended,396350,34648883,Posted: 31 August,all,Joker,"Bleed 2, A Great SequelBleed 2 is the sequel to the brilliant Bleed, Bleed was a pretty good game but it had a few flaws like the unlockable weapons all being♥♥♥♥♥♥when compared to the dual pistols so there was no reason to use them, the control wasn't as good as it could've been, and a few others. I am happy to say Bleed 2 fixes every problem I had with Bleed.It's kinda sad though, as I can no longer see Bleed as an amazing game, at best it's good when compared to Bleed 2. I find it best to compare the games to Super Mario Galaxy and Super Mario Galaxy 2, SMG was an amazing game when it came out by when SMG2 came out it just♥♥♥♥♥♥all over SMG and the same thing happened to Bleed and Bleed 2, Bleed 2 is just so good it makes Bleed look like a crap game in comparison.So with that being said is Bleed worth playing? Yes. Bleed is an alright game and playing it before Bleed 2 makes the game so much better.Alright, let's get on with the main part of this review. Bleed 2 is a ""Platform game"" but I prefer to describe it as a bullet hell-like 2D side scroller, the game takes place after Bleed, Wryn is playing games when an alien ship begins to attack, she hops into action and takes down the villains with the help of her rival, pretty basic plot but this is meant to be arcade-like so I can forgive it, what really matters is the gameplay.The gameplay is great, they removed most of the guns in favor of buffing the good ones from Bleed and giving you and option to use both the katana and guns at the same time, allowing you to quickly switch from shooting to parrying without having to switch weapons and it flows really well, the game is as smooth as butter and unlike Bleed I didn't feel most of my hits were due to how weird the air dash felt, in this game if you get hit it's your fault and that makes the game a lot more enjoyable.However there are some cons which I will list in this nice little Pro/Con section for all those who want quick, digestable points to help push you over the edge and buy the game.Pros+Pretty sprites+Nice animation+Fun combat+Fluid movement+Fun and useful weapons+Replayability+Fun, diverse characters and modes+Cheats+Fun and original bosses+Parrying mechanic+Taunt button+Old bosses made new through new mechanicsPCons-Every single Bleed boss is reused (Yes this is a pro and a con, I like and dislike it)-Makes Bleed look bad-I have to wait god knows how long for Bleed 3A great indie game made by a great guy, I highly recommend you check out Ian'sBlogandTwitterand I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,396350,33787320,Posted: 25 July,all,DPlay,"Bleed 2, in a nutshell, is a twin stick shooter and platformer mash-up with some bullet-hell-y elements, mostly focusing on boss fights with some connecting areas, trying to always keep you on your toes.It emphasizes and improves on everything that madeBleedgreat...You play as Wryn, the Greatest Hero Of All Time (as she killed all the other ones in the prequel), who uses her katana-dual-gun combo and ability to dash through the air with terrifying precision to avoid attacks and fight the evil of the world (or that blonde guy). She can also use her katana to reflect (purple) bullets back at her enemies. And let's not forget the time slowing mechanic which allows her to pull off even sicker maneuvers.Let's be real: If you can manage to do all of that to some degree, it's gonna be super satisfying to play and go on.Story-wise, there's not a lot going on: Valentine, who is trying to become the Greatest Villain Of All Time, invades planet Earth (or at least wherever Wryn lives) and attacks with her army. Therefore, Wryn stops playing video games and instead decides to lay waste to everybody and everything in her way to stop those diabolic plans.I think you may already know how this story ends, right?...Oh, by the way: There's also a couple of unlockable weapons, characters and... air dodges which may really change the way you play the game.The game in itself is also really short (less than 40 minutes in most cases) but is really supposed to be played repeatedly... Personally, after at least 30 hours, the gameplay still hasn't gone stale.IMO, if you don't at least try it, you're missing out."
,Recommended,396350,33379939,Posted: 8 July,all,Rma1994,"There are only a few games out there that make me want to play them again.There are even less games that made me play them on a harder dificult right after I finished.And there is Bleed. Ah, Bleed...Bleed is a jump-o-stab-a-shoot-y-dodge game, where you play as Wryn.On this sequence, you are the greatest heroe of all times facing an enemie that wish to become the greatest vilan of all times. A sily plot? Yeah. But it fits the game.As Wryn you need to shot, reflect, dodge, slow time and face bosses - all at the time - in a fast peace bullet hell/plataform game.The result? It feels amazing!This sequence bring better graphics and new sound effects, that are better than the first one - not saying that the first was bad, it just evolved in a good way.Every time that you finish the game you win a new character, new habilitie and a new weapom, that change how you play the game, in some way.Also, everytime that you lose, Wryn talk to you, motivating you to continue, making jokes like ""Hey! You pushed the wrong button!"" or ""Don't you have an older brother to pass this part for you"".There is no way to give up. You always want to try one more time and stomp the boss with your two rapid fire pistols.Ah! You also can play in a local co-op!I was thrilled when this sequence was announced. The hype was real!!Now that I played the game, it totally worth it.So, you know, buy it, play it and help Wryn keep her title as the Greatest heroe of all times;"
,Recommended,396350,29889283,Posted: 12 February,all,Caine,"Fast paced, short and sweet sidescrolling adventure.My only complaint is that there isn't more of it."
,Recommended,396350,29892759,Posted: 12 February,all,CitizenPhnix,Lots of fun. Playing on Linux and having a blast. The boss battles seem well thought out and the ability set makes for exciting levels.
,Recommended,396350,30303360,Posted: 3 March,all,Marked One,"It's a really fun, solid and enjoyable game.  I just wish it wasn't as short as it is."
,Recommended,396350,32097161,Posted: 31 May,all,Sirmentio,"I feel rejuvinated playing a run of this, It's like a stress releiver, it beats the crap out of you in all the best ways."
,Recommended,396350,33068416,Posted: 30 June,all,Cookie,"Havent played for that long, but holy crap this game is great."
76561197997397115,Recommended,396350,29882558,Posted: 12 February,all,Tuyasa,"Definitely a very good game, will buy it again !Gameplay and mechanics enhance !"
,Not Recommended,396350,32782612,Posted: 25 June,all,warchaser9,It's too short i'm afraid. 61 min. and you will have beaten the game. There are some unlocks that give you reason to go back through. The story is shallow. The gamelpay is the one thing that is just fun though.
,Recommended,396350,30300103,Posted: 3 March,all,Faceless King,This is one of my favorite games of all time. It's short as hell but really intense and can get really hard on harder difficulties. It's a really fun arcade shooter and I just hope that there will be a third game!
,Recommended,396350,29789899,Posted: 8 February,all,NDKiwi,"Even better than the 1st.  More bosses (returning bosses too) and story levels that seem better connected than the 1st game.  Overall just more to love.  Especially those messages when you die.Just finished it on Hard and cant wait to check out the unlocked characters, weapons and abilities."
,Recommended,396350,29790175,Posted: 8 February,all,Xristosx★,"A pretty amazing sequel to the original.For people who played the original or if they haven't its what the first game brought to the table with a fast paced action platformer with bullet time shooting. While the original was fun the sequel tightened up the controls and feels extremely smooth and feels actually great. One of the best features i felt contributed to how it felt was the ability to use the main dual pistols and the projectile blocking sword all with the press of one button, this was probably the most important change to me personally.The game has a large variety of bosses some being reused from the previous which was fine because extra ways to deal with them were added and they werent a complete redo, but theres so many more bosses on top of that.The game was a little short with it only taking me a hour to beat, but that was on the normal difficulty so the other difficulties might take a bit longer as they add much more onto all the enemies and bosses. Besides quality over quantity is always better."
,Recommended,396350,29789457,Posted: 8 February,all,Ithurtswhen_ipee,"much shorter than orginal but far more action packed, nostalgia galore, and replayabiltiy is more focused on style points and customizations/characters you get after the game.  a much better game than the orginal though theyre still my top favorites thew indie world could offer.if you havetn gotten bleed 1, get it adn beat it first imo then move onto this one.  any repeated boss patterns or such feel fresh do to the new way you reflect bullets as well as how high speed wyrn dashes now"
,Recommended,396350,29807716,Posted: 9 February,all,SmokeyTab,"All killer, no filler......can I have some more filler please?Great game but so short."
,Recommended,396350,29791507,Posted: 8 February,all,The Fonz,It's more Bleed but better. If you liked the first one you'll like this one.
76561198217956315,Recommended,396350,30362504,Posted: 6 March,all,Astribol,an very nice 2D game a true and good run-n-gun ;3
,Recommended,396350,29791320,Posted: 8 February,all,ExpiredPopsicle,Pretty good game! Nice mix of bullet hell and platformer. Good soundtrack and visuals.Thanks for the Linux support!
76561198046044931,Recommended,396350,32964860,Posted: 28 June,all,I S İ N A I,Really really nice game for gamers who wants to improve their refleks and dodge skills im storngly recommending
76561198060257700,Recommended,396350,33961626,Posted: 1 August,all,Diency,"pretty short, but extremely fun. worth it if it goes on sale, buy it at full if you have the cash to spare."
76561198081990964,Recommended,396350,29814696,Posted: 9 February,all,MineCraftGAMER,amazing game :D i havent played the first one but great game guys i am a gameplay on my channel check it out when you get a chance :D
76561198030085629,Recommended,396350,29789718,Posted: 8 February,all,[LUGS] Vorstave,"A masterclass in pacing, fine tuned mechanics, upping the stakes. A complete adrenaline rush throughout."
76561197970613143,Recommended,396350,31803701,Posted: 17 May,all,Eyekon,A couple of months late but this game is fantastic! All the chaos of the original Bleed and more.Check out my 3 minute review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WED2ru2jP94
76561198095928681,Recommended,396350,29911435,Posted: 13 February,all,ItIsTheSpookyDeal,good game 7/11 meme
,Recommended,396350,29812677,Posted: 9 February,all,Tim,Bleed 2 more awesome then the first part.✔ Great pixel graphics and animation✔ Fast-paced game-play✔ Many unique bosses✔ Low system requirements. Runs stable smooth 60 FPS even on old/low end PC✔ Linux support✔ Music✘ Game is very short
76561198026234938,Recommended,396350,29833286,Posted: 10 February,all,Bubbleknight,It's a good game but also really short. On my first playthrough (https://youtu.be/IlCjzZE0g50) it took just under an hour to beat on normal difficulty. I don't know if the price justifies the game but I felt like it's only with $5 at the most.It's similar to Dan The Man. The gameplay fluent and the replay value is high for me. After you beat the game once you unlock different characters with different modes. You can even customize the fight to 3 boss fight at the same time! I'll be playing this game for a while.I like it but I felt $10 is a little high for a short game like this.
,Recommended,396350,29793011,Posted: 8 February,all,skatedudeguy,"We need more of this!What is this game: it is a shooter/platformer controlled with the two thumbsticks and trigger buttons. This is a fast paced game that will have you shooting and dodging projectiles (and reflecting them back at enemies). It's loud, fast, and a ton of fun!If you enjoy:Mega Man (or Mega Man X)Gunstart HeroesContraGradius (a different genre, but a lot of movement in both games)Then you should look at this game!What does it do right?The control, once you get the hang of it, is amazing. You feel amazing and powerful every step of the way. You feel like you can take on the world and that the controls are not holding you back in any way.The sound/music and visuals are top notch. This isn't a ""retro"" game in terms of pixilization, but it is styled very well, and looks and sounds like a game much more expensive.The learning curve: you aren't going to get fusturated easily to start. This game can bring the challenge later, but it gives you the abilities to get past the challenges in a good pace.The only negative I can give this game: I want more. I want more of everything. I've played through one run already, but I want to play more of it. I can't wait to see what more unlocks there are. I want to run through on harder difficulties, and try to get better at this game.I'm truly impressed.Please note: I played this game at PAX Prime 2016. I was looking forward to this game, and I can say that my expectations were met and thensome."
76561198090007946,Recommended,396350,29791974,Posted: 8 February,all,Moofmoofmoof,"Loved the first one,Loved this as well. Feels and plays like the original but better.Keep up the good work!"
76561198068556753,Recommended,396350,29790851,Posted: 8 February,all,Wander,Bleed 2
,Recommended,396350,29788524,Posted: 8 February,all,Lonk,Its a great sequel to a great game :DOmg i just noticed i got the game before it was on sale XD idk how that happened
,Recommended,396350,29808861,Posted: 9 February,all,George Washington,If you loved Bleed 1 your going to love this
,Recommended,396350,29789228,Posted: 8 February,all,Strange Tamer,"I played this game and beat it, I liked the first one, and I like this one. It is really fun with satisfying gameplay. I thought there wasn't going to be a second one and am pleasantly surprised there is. Good game and I'll be playing it multiple times.My one complaint is with Wryn. You see she has two television, I would assume from the first cutscene, and she plays a game on one of them. Now, one of the televisions is what seems to be a flatscreen tv of some sort, it's pretty large, the other one is, like, this crt tv; she plays her game on this one. Smh my head, I'd exile my child from my house if I saw them using that ancient tech. Maybe the console couldn't connect to the flatscreen, I would really like to know why. I thought I would just be up late at night playing this game, however I am instead going to spend countless nights wrapping my head around this enigma.Other than that I am pretty happy with this game and look forward to playing it many times with my friends."
,Recommended,396350,29794139,Posted: 8 February,all,furrykef,Buy it.
,Recommended,396350,29815791,Posted: 9 February,all,selwonk,i had the fun.
,Recommended,396350,29790168,Posted: 8 February,all,Acceptable Ghost,It's good!
,Recommended,396350,29791815,Posted: 8 February,all,Canadian Bunny,Good
,Not Recommended,396350,29846614,Posted: 11 February,all,Dport_is_beast,"A loved the first bleed, its was a soild run and gun game, with good music and interesting boss fights, i didn't really care much for the story, but the experience it had with the game insteed.Atm that can't be said for bleed 2, i own a 2013 imac, with macOS sierra version 10.21.1 and playing this game is tourture, i have so much trouble navigating the menu with my mouse, it becomes unresponsive (i will talk more about the unresponsive mouse later) and i have to use my keyboard to get around.So after i finally get into the first level everything is fine the game is smooth, untill i get outside, i can't even fire the weapons, if i hold down my mouse to fire the game freezes and will only unfreeze if i let go, that alone makes this game pretty much impossable but there are a few instances where i was able to run and gun.i've only played the first level because of the problems i have faced, i'm not sure if this is happening to anyone else, but if it is please tell me."
76561198024478548,Recommended,396350,29788508,Posted: 8 February,all,iridescentpants01,Outstanding sequel.
76561198046258741,Recommended,396350,29871394,Posted: 12 February,all,bryce,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSoXlEN9AH0
,Not Recommended,396350,29929079,Posted: 14 February,all,G R U N K R E,"feels like dlc/rehashing, not a whole new game. would be good for maybe a third of the current price. so it's fun, plays better, looks better, but don't but until its like three dollars"
76561197994879940,Recommended,396350,29820657,Posted: 10 February,all,*Eyes,Gameplay so tight it causes premature ejaculations.And a lot of them.
,Not Recommended,396350,32377598,Posted: 12 June,all,Atlas1205,guess what? i had enough time to beat the game and ask for a refund.that is the right thing to do when you play a shortass game like this. (Plus all the fanboys.)
,Recommended,396350,30416340,Posted: 9 March,all,Osmosis,"Coming from someone who thought the first game was so-so, bleed 2 is a large step above the first one.It controls better and that's all it needed to do in my book. Bleed 2 is like action movie crack that I never knew i needed, plus the music is top notch. The diffculty feel just right at all levels, and my failures never ended with me being mad at the game.This game is sick and i hope it gets showcased at a GDQ someday."
,Recommended,396350,30380851,Posted: 7 March,all,Draedyn,"One man band (with apologies to the music & sound artists) Ian Campbell knocks it out of the park again with yet another high octane bullet hell/side scroller/throwback iteration of his core franchise, BLEED!The accessability of this game means that, no matter your gaming level, BLEED 2 has an experience to offer anyone. At its easiest settings you will get a fun time shoot-em-up where you can enjoy all the classic gaming references on the fly, or at its hardest settings will put your reflexes into survival mode as a veritable hell of flying bullets, super fast enemies and punishing boss fights pushes your hand to eye coordination to its limits!With all the stops like: in game ""bullet time"", multi weapon loadouts, wall jumping and triple dodging, you'll find at least 20yrs of classic console gaming all wrapped into one neat package with a serious injection of new gaming stylisms! Tools which help the immediately identifiable pink-haired heroine, Wryn, push herself towards a new eschalon of console gaming greatness, to become the best there ever was!"
76561198120435099,Recommended,396350,30640226,Posted: 20 March,all,Autismo,"Bleed 2 is a great sequel to the original Bleed, adding some interesting and fun new mechanics while retaining the core gameplay that made the first game such a good game.the main appeal of Bleed 2 is the fast paced and frantic gameplay, which it executes very well. The controls are tight and responsive, and the levels are built to allow (and encourage) the player to keep moving at all times -  There are no unfair or cheap enemy placements.The main portion of Bleed 2, however, is the boss fights, all of which are fun, interesting, and unique in their own way. Each of them have a different playstyle. There are very few frustrating or ""Ugh, THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" bosses in the game. they each have unique attack patterns to get down, which adds to the replayability of the game, which we'll get to later.Presentation is another nail that Bleed 2 hits right on the head.The 8-bit art style has also been abandoned, which is nice because I feel it didn't suit the first game too well. each stage is vibrant and colourful, with their own unique style and colour pallette. The soundtrack is intense and metal as fxck, and the soundscape consists almost entirely of shouting, gunfire, and explosion. Long story short, the vibrant and bouncy art style and high-octane soundtrack compliment the thrilling, fst-paced gameplay perfectly.Bleed 2 is a ""short and sweet"" type of game, (I finished my first playthrough (normal difficulty, not too many deaths) in just under an hour) But the multitude of unlockable characters, weapons and abilities, along with the multiple difficulty settings, and ranked arcade mode, will keep you busy for a long time. Each boss has certain weaknesses and strategies, and it feels super rewarding to master each level on higher difficulties and start climbing up the leaderboards in arcade mode.In conclusion, If you want a fast paced, metal-as-♥♥♥♥ action platformer, You will definitely enjoy Bleed 2."
,Recommended,396350,30678755,Posted: 22 March,all,Scarabee,"Oh my GOSH, I love this game! If you were a fan of Bleed 1 you will absolutely love this game. I'll just go through a few pros and cons and give a quick summary at the end.PROS:-Better Level Design-Better Music-Better Music-Wryn is even cuter than last time-Better story-More replayability-Gameplay is wayyy betterCONS:-Shorter than Bleed 1SUMMARY:I was a huge fan of Bleed 1. I beat that game in one sitting and spent even more time trying to unlock the others weapons and characters. I honestly didn't think anything could top Bleed 1. However, Bleed 2 takes everything good and bad about the previous game and makes it about 1000x better. The music was the first thing that really popped out. The first thing you hear in the game is the original theme from Bleed, but instead on electric guitar. All of the stage music is super catchy too, I've been humming the final boss theme for a while now. The graphics are also noticabley better. Some of the characters still look a bit off, mainly Wryn and the rival, but all of the backgrounds and enemy sprites look amazing! The level design is also way better. In Bleed 1, you spent a lot of time in corridors with BS obsitcals and enemies put around every corner. In Bleed 2, all the enemies are put in spots that force you to kill them, overall bringing up your score and your cool factor B). The controls are just as good as it was in Bleed 1. One really cool new addition was the katana. In the game, you can flick the right stick (Or click the mouse) to swing a katana. This katana can deflect any purple bullets or enemies. This makes for some really interesting enemy design, making some of the bosses really fun. The levels also flow very smoothly as they all follow one quick and satisfying narrative. Unlike in Bleed 1 where all of the levels were just... there. There was really no transition between levels. The only problem I have with this game is its length. It took me about 3 hours on normal mode to beat Bleed 1. Bleed 2 took me under 2 hours on the hard difficulty. However, the game kind of makes up for it by having a ton of unlockables, however you can just get them all at once by beating the 'very hard' difficulty. Overall, Bleed 2 is a huge improvement over Bleed 1. Trust me, if you loved Bleed 1 you will love this game even more."
,Recommended,396350,30613604,Posted: 19 March,all,Desdar,"On it's own Bleed 2 is a great game with thight controls and fast paced action. The difficulty modes allow the game to be fun for a large skill range and spurn the player to try again after beating the game this time on a higher difficulty. The story is short but fun and funny.In comparison with it's predecessor Bleed, Bleed2 is more of the same with some reused bosses. I prefered the first story especially the ending which in Bleed 2 is less poingeant than before. Some other changes in the story mode make the game feel even faster.Overall a very enjoyable game with more longevity than the short first playthrough will suggest."
,Recommended,396350,30594430,Posted: 18 March,all,Magical Purple Man,"An excellent sequel to the original Bleed, improving almost everything from the original game and expanding it even more!Pros:+Moving and shooting still feel great as ever and the reflect/ parry adds a whole new depth to the action.+A more cohesive story overall sprinkled throughout the stages.+Arcade and Challenge modes both return and are greater than ever.+Boss battles are excellent and are the stars of this game.+Character Variety is much better this time around, each having their own abilities and quirks that makes them unique to play over Wryn.+The art style is greatly improved over the first game imo, with a great sense of character and charm in everything.+A godly soundtrack done by Jukio ""Kuabee"" Kallio (Also responsible for the Nuclear Throne OST)+A steady difficulty curve that spans across all the stages and difficulties.+Mutators that allow you to play around with adjusted settings.Cons:-Weapon variety is the same from the first game, Pistol + Katana is absolutely vital and you can't really make use of other weapons sometimes because of that (though you can equip more than just 2 weapons at a time now so that helps)-Some reused bosses from Bleed 1 (which have a new move or two and are generally fun yes but still feel a little lazy)-Stages are a bit more bland than Bleed 1's, which had things like stage hazards whereas in Bleed 2 it's mostly just enemy placement.-Still on the short side, so unless you're into replaying on higher difficulties, and aiming for the best times/ scores then you'll maybe get 1-2 hours out of the story mode.Overall though it's a great and worthy sequel to Bleed that improves on it in almost every conceivable way.Only wish there was even more of it :p"
76561198063230454,Recommended,396350,31675721,Posted: 10 May,all,Onion,"This is how games should be.  Fluid mechanics, no input lag, intense combat, no load screens, great music, cool characters.  It's about time someone made a good game.  Great job."
76561198074398436,Recommended,396350,33357799,Posted: 7 July,all,K.Radical,"Bleed 2 don't waste the player time so i won't waste yours either : it's an awesome run and gun that love to throw you new boss battle and setpiece every few minutes. It's a majot step up from the first game, It's short but highly polished with high replayability and you can play with a friend. The ability to reflect same-colored bullet is also a really good idea well implemented. And the whole thing is presented in a fun over the top style! Highly recommended, especially if you liked games like contra hard corps, gunstar heroes or noitulove 2!"
76561197998117014,Recommended,396350,29912321,Posted: 13 February,all,Mister Ether,"Update:  Even though this game will feel short if you've mastered the controls of the original, it has huge replay value.  The new characters you unlock are really fun to play the game with, and most of them have their own style of gameplay.  The unlocked weapons are alright, but they don't compare to the convenience of having the katana immediately available to reflect attacks.  The different jump actions could use a bit of work at the time of writing this.Still, I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys platform shooter bullet hell katana-reflecting-bullet 4th wall-less games.  Especially people disappointed by Mighty Number 9.---- original reaction ----Incredibly fast-paced and fun.  A must-buy game for fans of the original and people who enjoy difficult, rewarding, insanely-paced platform shooters.  It seems like they switched from having you earn points to buy things to doing play modes to unlock things.  I've just finished the first playthrough (75 minutes) and am looking forward to seeing what these new things I unlocked do.  The game will likely be longer for people new to the series.It's looking like a short game with heavy replay value rather than something redundant and drawn out.  I'd say I wish the game was longer EXCEPT that I have not seen if the new things change the game upon replay.  Regardless, it's worth the money, because I expect to replay it many times.  It's hard to say which I prefer at this point, but this game definitely feels like the original did.  Every level has some new game mechanic, style, fight, or obsticles to deal with, giving the game a sense that it's never just a rehash of something you just finished but with more durable/damaging enemies.Sorry if this review is all over the place.  I'm still coming down off the game rush."
76561198362270615,Recommended,396350,30370877,Posted: 7 March,all,a1984ccoun1984tant,"such an action packed game, great challenge, great fun, lots of push buttons, the only shortcoming that I can think of is the graphics, and art style, which is bit too simple if such can be improved to rise and shine level then this game will be perfect. better graphics or not I am waiting for the third one to come out"
,Recommended,396350,30306876,Posted: 3 March,all,Rukrio,"Short, but sweet and offers a challenge. no boss overstays it's welcome with repeats (edit: there is one but she only appears twice and the second time is sort of the ""final boss""... sort of.), and the ones that do are technically returns from the first game given a bit of updating and new attacks to keep them fresh and more importantly, keeps them from feeling like they are actually rehashes.side notes-shorter than the first game, but only because it gets straight to the point: most stages are divided into two sections or quickly swap between two types of play: a platformy section with cannon fodder to mow down, and the Bosses. there is no in between.-the Guns/Katana combo is advised: most of the game is built around this hybrid setup where the first input doubles as a short ranged slash with a more important use: the ability to reflect attacks. it's followed up by rapid gunfire, making it the de-facto DPS and damage option until you get good at dodging to be able to get away with not using them.-expect to die. not as much as, say Dark Souls or Furi, but you will die. the true challenge is being able to get SSS rank, where you get Time (go fast to win S), Damage (See also Bayonetta's golden rule, don't get hit for S), and Style (same, but it's built up by doing damage to enemies and bosses so you can't just speedrun, taking damage reduces this and DYING kinda makes it impossible to get more than a C or D). do not expect to get all of them first run.-some weapons are Situational but extremely useful in said situations. for example: one of the bosses gets stunlocked by the unlockable Rocket Launcher. another that is a pain to take down thanks to reflecting your attacks allows for a patient player to wreck face with proper usage of it's piercing charged shot. almost as if they took a megaman approach with the unlockable weapons.Main Complaint:not very long but it's better to deliver rock solid gameplay and tough but fair bosses than to be overly reliant on story.don't pick this up if you want a long game. do pick this up if you want to kick asses in style and have fun doing so or are seeking a challenge.General verdict: you see that yes, do you not? short, sweet, and straight to the point action. old school challenge distilled into a pure bullet hell platformer hybrid.also if you truly seek a challenge, start on Hard. do not do Very Hard until you know you can take Hard with minimal damage."
,Recommended,396350,30098165,Posted: 22 February,all,Zareal,"Bleed was my favourite indie game of all time and one of my top 5 games of all time.Bleed 2 has now stolen that spot.Very similar to Bleed but with awesome new mechanics that work REALLY well, new characters to play as that actually really change how the game is played and an arcade mode that's still EXTREMELY difficult.You've knocked it out of the park and into the stratosphere, Ian. Great work my man. Could not recommend this enough."
,Recommended,396350,30105622,Posted: 22 February,all,rick ross' necklace,"I would really like 1-2 more levels but there's some great replayability here AND it's so, so much fun with 2 people local co-op."
,Recommended,396350,30108684,Posted: 22 February,all,Clutchless,Bleed 2 is really fun and really hard and you should buy it.
,Recommended,396350,30132536,Posted: 23 February,all,MushroomDynamo,"This is a real good game. If you liked the first Bleed, chances are you'll love this one.There are quite a few bosses lifted from the original game, but they're decently rehashed and accompanied by a bevy of new bosses so it doesn't really feel lazy.Only thing that completely hasn't changed is that the second game is too damn short :( The replayability is good, but it's a very snacky sort of game--it took me less than 4 hours to clear the game on Hard and then again with one of the unlockable characters on Very Hard.Regardless, it's very satisfying to play. Definitely pick it up if you have the cash to spare, ESPECIALLY if you're a fan of the first game."
,Recommended,396350,29837455,Posted: 10 February,all,The Slugger,"After playing Bleed to completion nearly once a year, I knew that I had to pick up Bleed 2 at release. And I can proudly say that the sequel was worth the wait.First off, the combat. Although it doesnt have quite as many weapons as the original Bleed, it makes up for it due to the versatility of the weapons themselves. The default Blade+Pistol combo allows for the action to focus a lot more on reflecting attacks, a feature that I personally thought was underdeveloped in the original. Also, now that you can have more than 2 weapons on your equip wheel, you'll be able to get to your favorite weapons faster than going into the menu, going to weapons, and swapping out one of the slots for it like you had to do in the original bleed.Next, the level design. The levels in Bleed 2 are more of a segway towards your next miniboss/boss, compared to the majority of the experience like in the original. Although it allows for most of the time to be spent fighting bosses and understanding new patterns, I think that the stages could have had more obstacles. For example, one of my favorite non-boss moments from the original Bleed was the beginning of the Dragon stage, where you had to quickly dash through mini platforming-puzzles before it moved down to the next area. Meanwhile, in Bleed 2, none of the stage hazards were nearly as challenging as the Dragon one. Also, I miss the occasional foreshadowing of what each boss would be (Gibby and Stu hopping around in the background, etc.)Now, for the most prevalent aspect of the game, the boss fights. Due to them being the new focus of the game instead of the levels, I was able to enjoy the new mechanics used by the bosses. Compared to the original Bleed, the boss fights are much more interactive, as there are many more options on how you can dodge/conter attacks.Lastly, the replayability. Although the game is very short (1 hour, 1:10 first playthrough), the post game unlocks will keep you coming back until you've gotten them all, as they allow for new playstyles and challenges compared to the base experience.Overall, I would reccomend that you play Bleed 2. Even though the levels aren't as challenging, the boss fights and the refined mechanics make the experience more focused and unique. :wrynhappy:"
,Recommended,396350,29838895,Posted: 10 February,all,massayoda,"I was (and still am) a huge fan of the first Bleed.  The bullet time dodging around was fun as hell, and made you feel like a total badass once you got the hang of the controls.  The sequel still contains those awesome mechanics, but now seems more boss fight heavy and lighter on the level content.  Some might consider this a good thing, some might not.  It's definitely different.  However the controls are still super smooth and making the delfection mechanic more integral seems like a good move.My only complaints are that the game is short (though pretty highly replayable) and find the difficulty toned down a notch from the first game.  I know a lot of the reviews of the original said it was too hard, but I thought it was perfect.  I hope Ian goes back and adds a nightmare difficulty to really challenge people."
76561198041765678,Recommended,396350,29838213,Posted: 10 February,all,DedVoid,"This game is an absolute masterpiece.It's not that often when an arcade action game comes out that just feels so perfect.I would write a long review but if you even remotely like arcade games/action games/shoot em ups/bullet hell style games then you will VERY LIKELY enjoy this game greatly.And of course, if you enjoyed the first Bleed (which is on sale for 2 dollars at the moment, just buy it if you haven't played the first one yet) you will certainly enjoy Bleed 2.The quote from Hardcore Gamer pretty much describes my feelings of the game accurately in a few words: ""Side scrolling action perfected.”"
,Recommended,396350,29853853,Posted: 11 February,all,Razaniel,"Frantic, fulfilling and ♥♥♥♥ing fun. Also some other words that don't start with f!I love everything about it. Great soundtrack, wonderful bosses and fair challenge. A variety of difficulties, a one-life-mode and basically anything you need to get me hooked. Buy it, it's great."
,Recommended,396350,29929180,Posted: 14 February,all,jwaap,"very intense, original, but also accessible short action game with great replayability. perfect length for me."
76561198098483946,Recommended,396350,29938179,Posted: 15 February,all,金鉤子,"Great platform game,gives ur character triple dash, time slow which mostly takes fun away from games. And yet the boss fight designing were incredible. Even u have all this insane power Bosses r still very hard to beat.But the features almost remain the same form Bleed1.They even put the same bosses in Bleed2.So if u have played Bleed1 this game won’t surprise u much"
,Recommended,396350,29833429,Posted: 10 February,all,MysterialMan,It is one of the games i would buy instant a dlc for it
,Recommended,396350,29832816,Posted: 10 February,all,Belshnickle,"A sequal to one of my favorite indie titles. A legitimally fun and enjoyable 2d action shooter with a brief but very fun campaign with some great ideas.While we do see some repeats when it comes to some minor boss battles, they feel more like a fun call back than lazy game design.Genually one of my favorites and would recommend it!"
,Recommended,396350,29805406,Posted: 9 February,all,Blubby,"this game is really good, it has great gameplay, good boss and level design, fun story, neat protagonist, a rad soundtrack and a lot of replay value.it did feel shorter than the first game but it also feels a lot more tight and packed more bosses, and I guess I felt it was shorter is because of it's faster pace, but even tho it's the sort of game that you replay a bunch of time to try out other charecters and loadout etc.so ...yeah it's good, you should buy it <3"
,Recommended,396350,29809883,Posted: 9 February,all,RemmyX25,"Far better than I expected, the run and gun gameplay feels smooth as butter, and the bosses are varied just enough to give you a different experience through each level! (There's a lot of bosses. Ow my fingers.)"
,Recommended,396350,29810465,Posted: 9 February,all,Jedisupersonic,"The fantastic follow up to Bleed is here! Featuring even crazier bosses, more balanced stage & boss design. Along with a new focus on reflecting shots with a Katana while you go all out with your twin pistols and showstopper powers. Its a blast from start to finish. While not a long game by any stretch the ranking system and very fun stages will have you playing them again and again, featuring more characters as well. You'll get your moneys worth if you decide to invest in this great game."
76561198064320788,Recommended,396350,29791336,Posted: 8 February,all,Azurean,"I bought this game 9 euros and finished the normal story in 51 minutes. It might sound like a deal breaker, but it isn't. This game is designed around its replayability in an arcade game style, if you want to beat it at maximum difficulty you will have hours and hours of fun.The gameplay is at the same time fast, precise and tactic thanks to the great slow-motion mode. The ability to reflect some bullets with your katana adds a layer of dexterity and complexity. The basic enemies are little more than practice targets, and most of the action will take place during the epic boss fights against giant robots or lightning fast warriors. They reused all of the Bleed 1 boss, which would make me raise an eyebrow, but since there are a lot of new bosses as well it feels more like a nice bonus.One of my favourite indie action games of all times, and I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,396350,29806637,Posted: 9 February,all,Crashsune,"This game is the *definition* of quality over quantity. The controls are perfect, the music is awesome, this game doesn't slow down for a second and is highly replayable. If you like Bullet hell games or platformers with ultra tight controls I'd say dive right in."
,Recommended,396350,29844418,Posted: 11 February,all,tackett,very nicetight af
,Recommended,396350,29790813,Posted: 8 February,all,[Komrade]BaronVonBunghole,"I was a big fan of the first Bleed, and I replayed it countless times (I still do)For the short time that I played Bleed 2 so far, I gotta say.It's pretty ♥♥♥♥in great and you should buy itThe first game, too"
,Recommended,396350,29790917,Posted: 8 February,all,artyfarty,"I was waiting for this game long before it was even announced! I always feared that author will never make more of this because Bleed 1 wasn't too famous. (UNFAIR! It's EPIC! GO BUY IT!)It was worth it.* Good successsor. All quirks from bleed 1 fleshed out. Feels much more balanced. You will complete a story with basic pistol/katana and won't feel like you are missing anything.* Very fast paced. Less trash - more bosses. Actually feels like a long gauntlet of boss fights.* Tons of epic action going on (explosions, gravity, whatever)* Renewed bullet reflect mechanic and new controls of pistol/katana are extremely satisfying.* There are brand new boss fights and some remixes of bleed 1 bosses. Although it's very fun to fight old enemies with new style.* HP/Time are maxed out from the beginning* OST is much weaker. There is no song as catchy as Hall of Heroes one from bleed 1.* Pretty short, but bleed 1 wasn't too long as well."
,Recommended,396350,29797009,Posted: 9 February,all,716green,"This was a long awaited game on my wishlist after Bleed won my heart as a new and unique action platformer utilizing bullet time as a 'twin stick shooter' without the uncomfortable feel of twin stick shooters. What this had done was essentially that it created a sort of genre that had previously not existed and it did this very well.Bleed 2 did not disappoint at all. With the tight controls that platformers deserve and new working concepts that the players deserve, this game is truly something special. On top of the unique quad air dash and bullet time from the first game, a Katana was added to bring a whole new aspect to the gameplay. The katana provides a very organic way of deflecting projectiles that works so very well. This game's scoring system like many older arcade games has unlimited replayability.With added customization, localization, and play modes- this game has it all. It captures the old nostalgia of arcade games with an indie game that is worth more than it costs (in my opinion as a fan of the series), Bleed 2 is a must-own title for anyone who enjoys: Platformers, Action Games, Twin Stick Shooters, Arcade Games, Bullet Time, Boss Fights, Story/Campaign Play, Couch Co-Op OR Bullet Hell games. I use the work OR instead of AND because this game can appeal to a massive variety of gamers for a large variety of reasons.Finally, this game has the feel of Megaman X as you start the game and proceed through the first level. The music, the style and the action successfully re-create the general feel of excitement and anticipation that Megaman X made me feel as a child. The game starts strong and the gameplay remains strong throughout the entire game. With adjustable difficulty, this game is for anyone who likes video games and I highly recommend it to everyone. Definitely a gem of 2017.One last mention... this is the only game I have (besides Bleed) that controls equally well with the Mouse and Keyboard, PS4 or Xbox One Controller AND the Steam Controller (which is my personal favorite way to play this game). The developer was nice enough to create a Steam controller binding for Bleed 2 that handles the game perfectly."
,Recommended,396350,29791741,Posted: 8 February,all,weareKelra,"If you already loved the first Bleed then there is no reason to not love Bleed 2.Builds on everything that made the first game great and makes it even better.I never buy games on Day 1 and always wait for ridiculous sales to buy, but I made an exception for Bleed 2. Been eagerly anticipating it since it was announced.Great game, Ian. Hope you keep making more and bringing us along for the ride."
,Recommended,396350,29788625,Posted: 8 February,all,Sciencejoe,"I played the original Bleed and I absolutely loved it. As a matter of fact, I still haven't beaten the Arcade Mode in it...and with Bleed 2, that's going to have to wait.First of all, Bleed 2 is a single-player game. Many look at this and say ""Is it gonna be worth it? There's not much to do, right?"" But I argue against that. Bleed 2 is a game where its main goal is not just to beat the Story once and to get all the achievements, it's to really master the game itself so that you can beat it with ease. If you've played Devil May Cry, Bayonetta, Metal Gear Rising, or...well, Bleed 1, you're gonna like this.A quick run on Hard (that's assuming if you're good; please keep in mind I played the original, which probably helped me out a lot) got me some unlockable characters, weapons, AND different abilities for Wryn, so once you master the game with the standard moveset, you can find ways to break it with all of the new characters and abilities you've got. The original Bleed had a shop system where you bought items as you gained more points; this has been removed in favor of (I'm assuming) beating the story on its various difficulties and completing Arcade Mode (one life only).The atmosphere of this game is also really great. Despite the name, it's not as dark as it seems. Wryn is an incredibly cheerful protaganist in a world filled with cats shooting her with rockets, a cowgirl blasting projectiles everywhere, and a flower guy reporting her actions on the news as she marches on to defeat the villains of this colorful universe.Also, the music is astounding. While the first had chiptune based music, this one has a full-on soundtrack, filled with guitars and some electronic undertones mixing. It's done by the same musician who did the Nuclear Throne soundtrack, so if you liked his work on that, this soundtrack is even better (they don't sound the same though, not by a longshot, and that's a good thing).While I haven't even scratched the surface of Bleed 2, I just wanted to take a moment and say how great this game is thus far. If you want an indie game that's ACTUALLY a game, one that clearly is about having fun over trying to give you a life lesson or being some crummy Kickstarter scam, Bleed 2 is the place to b(l)e(ed)."
,Recommended,396350,29788786,Posted: 8 February,all,DeafPereira,"Bleed 2 !!!!I just did finish this game but I sure i will play this a lot.This game is so much funny, there new sound, new song, new style, sequel story, everthing about this game is awesome. I mean srly is really awesome.The keyboard and mouse is easy to play but in controller is hard but is take some time to became more easy to play.This game is short but I think if you enjoy this, I'm sure you will play lot this game.I'm very high recomend this game.So much funny"
,Recommended,396350,29803995,Posted: 9 February,all,Araxzi,"Bleed 2 is everything you want it to be, fast paced, challenging gameplay. The artwork is gorgeous and the game is adorable, If you loved Bleed, buy this now, if you haven't played Bleed, buy both now, you won't regret it.I Highly recommend Bleed 2!"
,Recommended,396350,29799047,Posted: 9 February,all,Synn,Absolutely amazing game. I loved the first one and was just blown away by this sequel. Seriously just a great game.
76561197961071902,Recommended,396350,29795343,Posted: 8 February,all,Gob,"Just beat the story mode on Normal, playing co-op with my brother. Lot's of fun. Super chaotic and the mechanics feel tight and challenging. Highly reccommend."
,Recommended,396350,29795444,Posted: 8 February,all,☆Mae Borowski☆,fun game but its a bit short. i will recommend this game but just know it doesnt have much to it. i really hope that there will be more added to it.
,Recommended,396350,29800982,Posted: 9 February,all,robox,The game is awesome!But I'd prefer a bit longer story mode.
76561198031553305,Recommended,396350,29788946,Posted: 8 February,all,insomniaLab,"Easily the best action game I've played in years. Solid controls, amazing gameplay, and a badass soundtrack. Pretty much non-stop action from start to finish. Incredibly refreshing compared to current games where the trend is to shoehorn in hours and hours of boring garbage just to pad out the playtime. Playing Bleed 2 EVERY part was the good part, and it kept getting better each stage until the end! A must buy!"
,Recommended,396350,29990076,Posted: 17 February,all,ELFGORE,Awesome game! Money well spent.
,Recommended,396350,29991707,Posted: 17 February,all,rgbDreamer,"Absolutely amazing.  No other game has made me feel as skillful as this did.  The controls just melt away and you can preform an absolutely amazing ballet of precise air-dodging, bullet-reflecting, and shooting.  I don't know how the game can throw that many projectiles at me that fast and expect me to dodge, but does, and I do.At one point in the game there was a boss who would teleport around the screen, and somehow I started being able to predict where it would appear, but I have no idea how I knew it.  Bleed 2 is full of this kind of experience.Boss fights are dense in this game.  I found that most bosses took me a few tries, and left me with almost no life left (so I would definitely die on the next boss).  I got C's and D's on most levels.  I made it through the game like this on hard mode in 91 minutes, which feels a little short.  But I pretty much never beat two bosses in a row, and playing this game is really more about mastery than about narritive.  So I'm eager to play through again, trying to die less, get better grades, and better understand each boss's patterns.Plus there's a harder difficulty and different weapon sets to try.  Can't wait to see what it's like with just a sword and no gun."
76561198356715306,Recommended,396350,29946479,Posted: 15 February,all,DJackGamer,"is....50/50 ish is like the game but....IT TOOOO SHOT I BEET (SPELLING SORRY) IN 63 TO 65 MIN. (ON EASY I DIE 20 TIME YES I KNOW I,M A NOOB)(oops the caps lock is still on)"
76561198173829486,Recommended,396350,31329669,Posted: 23 April,all,bobbobinson557,"The core gameplay is a worthy successor to Bleed. It the same genre, same gameplay style you would expect from the first game without being a blatant copy/paste. If you striped the game down to textureless hitboxes, it would still work. My following criticisms don't concern the gameplay and don't detract from the overall experience nearly enough to scare me away.The music is satisfactory, just like the first game. It complements the gameplay well but none that I found myself humming in the shower, except for both games' title screens.The story is like Duke Nukem Forever in the way Wryn starts as a beloved hero, and suffers in a similar way. For this and the previous game the story was never a make or break factor. If you did pay attention to the story in the first game, Wryn aspiring to become a hero was a nice goal to keep you going, even though you played for the gameplay anyway. In this game you start at the top and have nowhere to go; the events kinda happen just because. Duke Nukem Forever had a litany of problems on top of the story, but you should want your game to have as many strong legs to stand on as possible. If, say, the plant newscaster guy was more skeptical of Wryn, or she had something to fight for, this wouldn't be as much of an issue.My last critique is that some character designs, especially the Wryn close-ups, look weird. I can't put into words exactly why, just some change between how she was drawn between games makes something tick in my brain. The ending animation where she's pumping her fists in the air is especially bad. It annoys me when animation doesn't at least attempt subtle body movements such as how the chin moves when people talk. Wryn's head and arms move, but everything else is stiff.In summary, gameplay is great and alone makes the game worth it, most other things are satisfactory but could have been much better with a few tweaks."
76561198023117872,Recommended,396350,31398603,Posted: 27 April,all,Dacoo,"This game is a true sequel to Bleed 1.  Here are the differences.Similar*Action-packed*Slow-mo*Mad dodging*Arcade-style game*Unlockable characters and weaponsDifferences*No item purchases with points (negative)*Levels aren't as interesting (negative)*The game focuses on parrying bullets (fun idea)*Not as many weapons or variety in weapons, and you only get them after beating the game (negative)*2-player for all modes (positive)*Easier (depends on what you thought of the old one. Negative in my opinion)Overall, it is still a very fun game, just not doesn't reach the greatness of the original.  The 2-player options and easier levels do make it a better co-op game and more accessible to non-hardcore players.Great work!"
,Recommended,396350,34219447,Posted: 13 August,all,hacksoi,god this game is so much fun
,Recommended,396350,34269056,Posted: 15 August,all,Dr.YellowJacket,"This game is one of the best indie titles I have ever played, up there with The Binding of Isaac and Super Meat Boy.Pros:-Fluid and Fun Game Play-Great Boss Fights-Great Sprite Work-FANTASTIC musicCons:-It breaks up the gameplay with cutscenes of a news broadcast, which are very boring and kinda take you out of the game.Meh (Cons that aren't that bad):-Very Short, takes about an hour to beat the game, but this is meh due there being multiple unlockable characters, weapons and overall a large amount of replayablility.-The Story, The story is a weak point, but the reason this is meh is due to story not being very important in this type of game.It is very apparent that this game is heavily inspired by the Megaman series (I might be a bit bias since Megaman is one of my favorite series). Very fast and fluid combat with an amazing soundtrack, very exhilarating and a great game to just pop in and have a fun time with, highly recommend. 9/10."
76561198129403416,Recommended,396350,34375555,Posted: 20 August,all,17madman123,"It is a great game, however it is a step down from Bleed 1 which is half the price. I would reccomend getting Bleed 1 and then getting this game when it is on sale."
,Recommended,396350,34743714,Posted: 4 September,all,ymir,"way better than bleed 1, but short... but has a lot of extras"
,Recommended,396350,34609747,Posted: 30 August,all,SWAT[NWG] ☭,Loved itGood upgradesStill SSS thirsty
76561198017273818,Recommended,396350,35355717,Posted: 30 September,all,Hoodie,"Gameplay : 4/5Sound and Music : 5/5Visuals : 5/5Replayability : 5/5Story : 3/5Overall : 4.4Bleed 2 is everything a sequel should be. It improves the gameplay, visuals, and Bleed 1’s already great sound design. The gameplay improvements are a big deal because instead of choosing what weapons you would want like in Bleed 1, the game follows one focused playstyle and that is a wonderful switch from the previous game. My only complaints would be that the game is pretty much just boss fights and again the story is cute but negligible. The boss fights are fine but it would of been nice to see specialized stages as there was in Bleed 1. Everything else though is perfect, and I would love to be able to play a Bleed 3."
