user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,396310,19075666,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Chudah,"It’s been 12 hours since I’ve finished this game, and I’m still at a loss of words for exactly how deeply it has affected me.  Perhaps this review is my attempt to sort out these feelings, but I hope it also gives others an idea of just what type of hell it plays on one’s mind.  First, a warning: Masochisia is dark, bloody, brutal, unrelenting in its depravity, and unflinching in its portrayal of evil.  If you have a weak stomach or are sensitive to visceral depictions of violence, do not play this game.  Yes, I realize that I’m starting a review meant to encourage people to buy it by dissuading others, but not all stories are made for everyone.  However, if you are indeed courageous enough to drop into the pits of despair, read on.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=552724180As I sit here thinking upon what I have just witnessed, I am simultaneously appalled and blown away. I feel sickened, dirty, disgusted, and yet somehow enlightened at having seen a glimpse of humanity (or the lack thereof) that we rarely admit exists. The story is loosely based onserial murderer Albert Fishwhom I had read about years ago, and is like nothing I've ever experienced prior.  Having researched the game a bit before playing, I had an idea of what I was getting into, but was in no way prepared for the unsettling nature of placing myself in this man’s shoes as he traverses the path towards oblivion.Several disturbing themes are present including abuse, self-harm and severe mental illness. The story is raw and unforgiving in its depictions of these things, which makes it all the more compelling.  There is no sugar coating the nature of its violence, no apologies made for what it is.   Masochisia shows us a broken man forced into despair only to find respite in the evil he embraces.  And as a narrative adventure, I felt complicit in his demise as I made decision after decision that I knew would only lead to his ruin; and yet I was compelled to keep moving forward.  I wanted to see the depths of his depravity, and that is where I felt the most disturbed.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=552724210I’ve watched and read about evil, ruminating on what brings a man to commit unspeakable acts of horror, but never have I found myself so close to it personally, and in some perverse way enjoying it; that is, until I’d realized how far I had fallen down the rabbit hole, well past the point of no return.  Sure, revenge is easy to rationalize, even justify, but when things took a decidedly less “altruistic” turn and I began to see what I had forced this man to become, I was not only horrified at the game but also at myself.  Masochisia does not let you escape from your decisions, and that is where the real horror lies.And so I sit here stunned, nauseated, but also mystified.   It is an odd thing to go into a story expecting to learn something about others only to come away having learned things about myself.  Despite the revulsion I now feel, there is also a sense of peace in this new found knowledge.  Understanding just how easily one can slip beyond the grasp of redemption, there is comfort in knowing that fate can be avoided if only one realizes it before it’s too late.Here I was only trying to convince others of like mind to embark upon a truly profound experience, and I have gone and waxed philosophical.  If I have not yet driven you away with my musings, buy Masochisia, play it, experience it, and perhaps discover things about yourself and humanity that we deny exist.  I promise you, this is an experience unlike any other, if only you have the stomach to get through it.Bottom Line:  Highly recommended for those who are brave enough to endure extremely disturbing themes and horrific acts of violence.   All others, stay away."
,Recommended,396310,19349776,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,sͭyͪnͥdͨiͨnͨ,"I have loved every minute of this game. I'm not too sure where to start as it's clearly not a game for everyone. It touches base with pretty dark and disturbing topics, such as, domestic abuse, murder, depression and various other mental illnesses.If you are however into dark, grim stories, Masochisia is incredibly disturbing and will toy with your mind in numerous ways.You play as Hamilton, an innocent boy that just wants to make his parents proud. Your older brother is a complete failure in your father's eyes and Hamilton just wants to be a good example of what could've been. Your mother is bipolar and constantly switches from loving you to threatening she'll have your father beat your skull into the floorboards. Your father is a drunken sadist and beats everyone because he is unhappy with the life ""god"" had ""chosen"" for him. Your brother is an unhinged maniac that takes solace in pain and loves every single beating your father inflicts on him.Loosely based on one of the most twisted serial killers in the U.S,Albert Fish, Jon Oldblood has created a clever fictionalization on his life. Now I don't suggest researching him prior to playing due to potential spoilers, but it was as I started getting deeper into the story that I happened to notice the resemblance to this man's life.As for gameplay, you move around from scene to scene, sometimes picking up various objects and solving a few simple puzzles here and there. It's simple, but it fits the game oh so well.The backgrounds were so subtle and did a fantastic job of highlighting every little character. The soundtrack is incredibly charming; yet what feels like a relaxing tune can quickly turn into something far more sinister.I dove into this game expecting a couple simple scares and then that would be the end of it. Little did I know, I'd be left with my own thoughts, heart racing, trying to figure out what the hell I had actually done.  You come into this game expecting to leave having learned about others and instead just learn more and more about yourself.This game is worth every penny and is guaranteed to be an experience like no other. Completely recommended for those who think they can handle all this game has to throw at them. For those faint-hearted people, this game isn't for you.don't forget to check your desktop after you play ;)"
,Recommended,396310,31574491,Posted: 5 May,all,The Eater of Dreams,"Jesus.Okay, I have a confession to make: I'm a bit of an edgelord. I wear mostly black, marathon horror movies, and will usually pick a necromancer in an rpg. I've always had an attraction to the darkest parts of the mind and the worst parts of humanity and oh god I can't finish typing this self-serious sentence without laughing.Anyway. What I'm saying is I have a pretty high tolerance for edgelordiness and things that take themselves just, like, super seriously. Sometimes it's because it's funny, sometimes it's genuine enjoyment. If it's shocking, controversial, or whatever, bring it on.That all said, Masochisia ♥♥♥♥ed my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ right up. No joke. Sure it tiptoes precariously around the ""my life is darkness"" territory that some might mock, but if you give it a chance, and let yourself get sucked in, you may just find your jaw literally dropping. Like, I didn't know that could actually happen. But it did!Part of that comes from it being (sort of) a game rather than a movie or book. To some extent, I chose to do what ended up happening. And a lot of what did happen was the kind of thing I've never seen be interactive before. I really wasn't expecting it to go as far as it did.Yeah, I can already hear you tough guys out there saying that this is nothing, that you didn't even flinch. Whatever.Long story short. A simple point and click interactive story kind of deal with great visual style, clever meta-twists, and an insanely dark tone. Maybe you'll find it boring, maybe you'll find it's trying too hard, but it actually managed to make me a little uncomfortable. That's a pretty big deal in my books."
76561198158309410,Recommended,396310,25363555,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"This game is an experience - unforgettable, disturbing, gruesome, violent, cruel and horrifying, yet still worth every second, especially if you like psychological horror genre."
,Recommended,396310,18443243,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"One of my favorite point and click games that I've played this year. The game deals with some heavy themes and it was based on a true story and created by a ""lone developer battling his own demons and struggles with violence"".Masochisia is more of a ""relatively short"" linear narrative experience in which player drives the story forward. And you choose to either ""unravel the reality behind the narrative or ignore its existence at all."" It was designed to be ""horrific"" rather than a standard ""horror"" tale, the game's hand-drawn art style and colour palette serve to juxtapose the ""pleasant visuals with twisted content"". Definitely a must-get if you're a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,396310,22392260,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Hunter,"A dark and distrurbing game with nice artstyle and story but its biggest flaw would be its length. I was able to complete it in less than 2 hours in my first playthrough, would probably play again but I don't see my time going beong 4-5 hours in any case.  There's number of clues and hidden messages in the game which point towards the true story it is based on and various references to the same as well. There are no graphical options to chose from in the game but that didn't matter anyway because it played at 60fps throughout on my potato.In conclusion, definitely get it if you are a big fan of psychological horror games and the game is on sale."
76561198361707067,Recommended,396310,29855853,Posted: 11 February,all,Criptid,"This game was much more then I had anticipated, it came to me as a shock when I realized that this game is (as stated a true story with some fantastical flourish) about Albert H. Fish the famed serial killer known as the 'gray man' or the 'boogeyman' who was known for eating children. This game brought to life the fiendish things he did in a way I could have never imagined. A couple reviews of this game say you do not impact the story through your choices but this is wrong. The game is easy to navigate and has an incredible soundtrack. I highly reccomend this game to all of my friends and to you as well. The psychological effects of this game will really make you think for a couple of days. Dont forget the little presents left for you throughout the game in the real world."
,Recommended,396310,18450284,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Rood Boi,"Before playing this game, you need to know that this game touches on very sensitive topics, including murder and domestic abuse. If you feel uncomfortable playing the game, but want to know what happens in it, you should consider watching my let’s play:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_iRdUN8z6U&list=PLKMxTuqznyPPR7T9gsRO0R7TWTC2qduqX&index=1As I mentioned before, this game can hit a very sensitive spot with a lot of people. I’ve played many games that touch on sensitive topics, and I’ve always been able to play straight through them. This was the first time that I actually had to take a break, because of how gruesome it was. I’m not going to explain why that was, as to not spoil the game, but consider this a warning before playing/watching. Other than that, the story was very interesting, and I though the art style was phenomenal. To be honest, it was the art style that drew me into the game from the trailer, and I definitely loved it in the game. Overall, I do recommend you give this game a shot, but as I said before, this game does get very uncomfortable."
,Recommended,396310,20579812,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Fatty,"Uncomfortable and confronting, Masochisia is a journey. Using as its basis the somewhat taboo themes of Sadism and Masochism it is an honest portrayal of the impulses, motivations and affects of violence and abuse. If you are over 18 and enjoy delving into the darker parts of the human mind , I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,396310,30202441,Posted: 26 February,all,fisto,"i wonder in which purpose this game was developed. to question the nature of humanity? or the humanity of albert fish? i googled after finishing. his case was extraordinary inculing several psychiatrists. examined by them quite a while. albert fish suffered from many mental illnesses. having a rough childhood, growing in orphanage, returning to his mother whom was suffering from schizophrenia(says wikipedia). there was a quote in the end. ''there is a certain fascination that comes with our abhorence of violonce. we're disgusted by its apperance in society. yet we cant shake its allure. a fascination seemingly innate to our very genetic code.'' the last sentece. did you know that many mental disorders comes from neanderthals, like obssesion, schizophrenia as i heard. and there is a theory that our species encountered a genetic(or population) botteneck and lost most of our genetic variability. compared to other speices humans dont have most genetic diversity. i'm not an expert, but is it really in our genes, this tendency to violence? was this game trying to prove how impotent we are? did you lose your morality while playing? did you wanted to kill your father? your friend? an innocent girl? game didnt gave any choices. was albert fish desparete becaues this was simply in his nature? those psychatrist i spoke of, they found albert ''sane''.  here is your morality. the court's decision fascinated me more. to cut it short. we all have that drive. yours just have been triggered.there are much more things to be said. but  it's just a mere review."
,Recommended,396310,20696083,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mz Cookies,"After completing this game I am in a state of disarray.Being based off the life of serial killer 'Albert Fish' I expected the game to be disturbing but what I did not expect was for it to leave a stain on my conscience, something that will not be forgotten. I can whole heartedly say that Masochisia is by far, the most abominable narrative horror I have ever experienced. It doesn't sugar coat anything, it vividly portrays atrocious topics including domestic abuse and extreme masochism.Masochisia has taken a HUGE risk in gaming, but the outcome is impeccable. I cannot explain through words on how this game manages to achieve what it does. It is a game of no voice acting, repeated sound tracks and constant narration to read. BUT I wouldn't want the developer to change a thing.In Masochisia, you can only move to the left or right of the screen. To me, this accentuated the illusion of being 'stuck' and being forced to only left or right, never forward. The dialogue options don't give the player much opportunity to refuse the obscene acts and escape, rather, it is forced to comply and obey. Delving deeper into the sickness of Albert's mind, the inability to move forward.I've read many warnings about this game and I completely agree. I only recommend this game to players aged 18 years or older and to be in a stable mind frame. This game would be best suited to those whom are interested in burrowing deeper into the psychology of the human mind and are intruiged in the horror genre."
,Recommended,396310,18688873,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Jonathan Crane,"This game is now one of my most favorite ""Interactive novel"" games that I've ever played. Not to post spoilers, but that the game interacts with you outside of the game?Priceless.10/10. Would lose my Sh!t again."
,Recommended,396310,31880995,Posted: 21 May,all,Vamyx,"I wish I bought this game earlier, It's been on my wishlist since the release but I eventually forgot it.But It was until a few days ago I checked my wishlist and got reminded, I bought It as fast as I saw it.I love games like this one, a game with a powerful meaning and also tagged as psychological.It's not often I come across a game that really makes me, as a player, feel uncomfortable. Masochisia does exactly that. Before I get into the real review, I want to touch on why. Masochisia deals with intense, serious subject matter. Topics include mental health, domestic abuse, and murder. This is not a game for everyone, and I want that to be clear with that before we move on.▼ CONTAINS SPOILERS! ▼""Masochisia"" is a game about a boy called Hamilton, he experience a few hallucinations.He finds himself in a shed without knowing why, the boy we play as is going through difficulties in his life.Hamilton suffers from a mental illness that makes him see stuff that doesn't exist.You have to lead the conversations between you and the ones you're about to meet.The boy does not have a good relation with his family, especially not his father.Hamilton has to go through domestic abuse, he get called horrible names and sometimes he gets beaten by his father.His brother named Walter is bound in a bite mask and straight jacket in his room, he also got abused by the father.An angel will tell you what to do and also the voice in your head...I'm not gonna review the whole game from the start all the way to the end, It's much more exiting to play it by yourself and actually see what I mean by this whole review.I strongly recommend this game, It's worth the money.It's unique and the music is beautiful."
,Recommended,396310,26514614,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,Based on a true story about a very interesting serial killer Albert Fish. 8/10.
76561198086301578,Recommended,396310,18438995,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,iamnaten7,"Masochina is a great horror game knowing that atmosphere creates a much larger impact than just disturbing and violent imagery, although much these are used to enhance the tone and take players out of their comfort zone.  The game messed with my mind as I played it, and really established a strong feeling of uneasiness.  I definently recomend this game to anybody who wants a creepy, beautifully and disturbingly drawn and written game that holds psychologically horror, and to be honest, why would you have come here if you were not looking for something like that."
,Recommended,396310,18446804,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Van Hoofenstein,"Warning: There is a warning for disturbing content at the beginning of the game however this is the first game that I have ever played that has truly deserved it, I would recommend you have a strong constitution before playing.This game is great, I will try to give this game a deserving review with as few spoilers as I can give. Masoshosia captures the essence of what it means to be a phychological horror game in very fine detail, the game never lets you feel comfortable with choices you make in the game (in some cases it forces your hand) and has a over all feeling of despair for your character, there is not a ton of gore in the game however through the music, sounds, discussions in the game, the feeling of being watched and the breaking of the 4th wall make it disturbing and thats one of the ways it truly shines, I will say what everyone else says, the game is slow paced and short, most people will beat the game in two hours, however Masochisia left a bigger mark on me as a gamer in its short two hours that most 10 hour games could muster up. There are still a lot in the game that i feel i missed in one play through, a lot of unanswered questions (even when i went back and tryed different things) so personally ill be playing it more than once.So congratulations Jon Oldblood you have made a Horrifying game and I applaud you for that, This game isnt for everyone but for those who are ready? your in for one hell of a ride."
,Recommended,396310,25991920,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"From developer/publisher Oldblood comes the short, psychological horror game Masochisia; a title that in story may be familiar to a very niche group of people. To others who don't have the same macabre interests, it's simply a mysterious tale based off a true story, wherein you battle and succumb to inner demons. If you're seeking complex riddles to solve, you need look elsewhere as this game is one that relies primarily on thought provoking dialogue and exploration.I'll start by saying right off the bat that Masochisia will not be for everyone. Those with a weak mental state, who are easily pressured into feeling like they don't have control of their thoughts, and victims of physical abuse, especially during their childhood, will not enjoy this title. It's an experience that challenges even the most mentally healthy, as it breaks the fourth wall a lot and places you deep inside the mindset of a real serial killer. Though many have been skeptic if this game is actually based on a true story, I can confirm that it is indeed heavily based on prolific killer Albert Fish. As so not to spoil the plot, I will stop here and say that if you question whether or not you can handle the mentality and subject matter of the game, look him up.You play as a young man named Hamilton, and it becomes obvious very early on that his father physically abuses him on a regular basis. His mother is little to no help, and his brother is a deranged masochist. Through a series of hallucinations, which are sometimes calmed by medication and self harm, Hamilton encounters an angel by the name of Michael who has promised to help him understand his fate and destiny. The dialogue in this title, though small and given in one or two sentence waves, is superb, and it's the main focus of the game. As you venture on into Hamilton's psychopathic hell, the game forces you to think like him; pretty soon you will catch yourself thinking very, very morbid and deranged thoughts.The gameplay is nothing outstanding, and that's the way it should be; simple and mindless, so your thought can be absorbed by the dialogue and story, as you think deeper about your fate. You can move your cursor to the left or right to scroll the screen, and there are arrows to click that will take you to other areas; all very similar to Year Walk. You will find some items along your way, but most will be given to you by your ""friends"". The game does a good job of pointing you in the direction that will lead you to your next destination. An extra additive to send you into a further delusional psychosis is that the game likes to drop text files onto your desktop every now and then, similar to IMSCARED.On the other hand, the artwork is beautifully detailed and its style is extremely unique; though I apologize, as the genre in question is eluding me. It's not every day that you see this particular art style in any game, so it's a very fresh and welcomed change of pace from the abundance pixel art games and drab, uninspired graphics of others. There's also a hefty CRT TV filter that creates progressive scan lines, and the graphics are warped in a fish-eye or tube-like manner that makes you feel as though you're watching from a video feed.As much of a horror game veteran that I am, Masochisia made me stop and put it away for a little while. The game sets out to expose the deepest, darkest recesses of your mind, and it does so with great malevolence. That being said, this is a true psychological horror game, that will have you taken aback by the capability of your own devious thoughts that unexpectedly rise to the surface. As well, if you're in any way a serial killer enthusiast, this game is a must play; being one myself, I personally think that we need more games based off of true crime. Even though Masochisia only lasts a couple of hours at best, its unique journey and visual style is worth every bit of the asking price.Rating:5.0/5.0- An astonishing achievement, this game must be played.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561198071433535,Recommended,396310,25765538,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Silent Storm,"Dear Hamilton,Please don't write me anymore. We aren't friends, you are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. And stop breaking my fourth wall!Best wishes,Mari"
76561198043223376,Recommended,396310,20419422,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Марй Молотов *Habibi*,"Very creepy and disturbing game, not for the weak of heart or the easily frightened. Cool animation and an ominous tone throughout the game...like you just KNOW something bad is around the corner. Worth checking out if you're tired of action horror games...and want something more psychological."
,Recommended,396310,21094125,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DanixKm,"First and foremost it needs to be said that this game covers a variety of sensitive topics some people may find disturbing if you’re emotionally vulnerable or have experienced domestic abuse then this is a game to avoid. If you’re sensitive to mental health issues then once again, I really would beg you to stay away from this title. It is definitely a game that lives up to and deserves its 18+ rating with all the topics this covers.It’s hard to write a review since I can’t say I enjoyed it for obviously the topic making me uneasy (and honestly, quite creeped out at times. I was frantically typing to a friend at certain parts about this game, what it was like, how it was making me feel etc. Thanks for listening dude) but I still enjoyed the experience from playing. It was a fantastic psychological horror that gave a deep insight to the mind, the fact it was based on a true story adding to that feeling of unease while playing. It’s one of those games that stay on your mind and leave you with so many thoughts, “what ifs” and “if onlys” (which I won’t go into since I don’t want to give any spoilers for this) I’m a girl who loves a good horror game and can never get enough of horror movies and I have to say nothing has affected me as deeply as this.I adored the graphics, music and the use of sound for certain parts really added to the immersion of the game. The story was so well written… in fact all aspects of the game were presented brilliantly. There’s not enough freedom as originally thought in the game however after finishing it becomes all too apparent as to why that is. The developer of this game is amazing in having covered so much and thought this game through to the psychological details they have.The added touch found at the end also added to the already mixed emotions I was experiencing and left me questioning myself.It was very well done and added greatly to the already messed up mind the game had given me till the end.I can’t praise this game enough for the journey it took me on and being thrown head first into the mind of serial killer. Though disturbing, haunting in the lingering impression and thoughts it leave you with, I highly recommend this game."
76561198035599199,Recommended,396310,19924825,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,johntohill,"Rarely has a game affected me as much as Masochisia.  It's dark, brutal, and relentless in drawing you into itsdepths of insanity and extreme violence.  The warning the game pops up on starting the game is indeed justified.  I cannot recommend this game enough with the one caveat that you need to have a strong stomach for the sort of dark themes you'll be exploring for ~2 hours.  This game should be held up as a shining example of what games as art can be.  I got this on discount but the game is worth every penny of full price."
,Recommended,396310,25405345,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,lexxylai,"I have never left a review for a game. But Masochisia is so astoudning, creepy (withouth relying on jump scare), disturbed and with an amazing sound track to boot. I seriously recommend this game a million times over, I havent binged on a game like this for a long time"
,Recommended,396310,21048541,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Trash Gordon,"This just might be the most memorable experience I've ever had with a game.It's one that is sort of hard to recommend.We take for granted that games are meant to be inherently ""fun."" But every once in a while you come across a game that just leaves a lasting impression long after you've played it. What began as an experience of what I thought was someone else's story, ended with me reflecting upon my own self.Masochisia is one of those rare games that seems to extend past the confines of the Start and Quit buttons.I cannot recommend this ""game"" to people in the sense that it's fun. Frankly, it's not. The subject matter is quite dark and disturbing, but not in a sense of using shock value for the sake of things.I can only recommend Masochisia because it's such a thought-provoking experience that is all too rare in gaming nowadays."
,Recommended,396310,22395439,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,ʕっ•ᴥ•ʔっ,"i finished this game just over a month ago, but still i can't stop thinking about it. it's very disturbing, and the game itself is pretty spooky - and has a mechanic whereit will leave documents on your pc, written from the main characterit's very dark, and by far the best visual novel i've ever read. more than once it's gotten to a part where i have to turn away because of how unsettling it isplz buy this. you will not regret it. thank u"
,Recommended,396310,21138663,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Halberstram,"A brilliant game. Truly disturbing, it went to very dark places that I didn't expect.Pros -+Great disturbing art style+Amazing, touching soundtrack+Soul-crushing story with fantastic writing+Always has a trick up its sleeve. Many WTF moments+PHENOMENAL ending that will have you at a loss for words and keep you thinking about what you've just playedCons --On Act V the game glitched and I was missing items needed to progress. I was able to retrieve them by restarting the chapter, however.-This is a niche game. The content is disturbing to say the least. If you are at all squeamish, or get uncomfortable, you're going to hate this.Loved it, can't wait to see what's next from this company."
,Recommended,396310,26611488,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,figgernaggot75,"Well, this was an odd title for a game with a very macabre subject matter. I found myself totally drawn into the story and it kept my attention during and after playing. Very thought provoking messages, and an art style that made the game somehow creepier and more satisfying. I recommend it for anyone that likes a great story based on truth and disturbing messages."
76561198028183212,Recommended,396310,19922990,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lich,"A really disturbing and unique point and click adventure, about the imagined youth of a real-life serial killer. Puzzles are scarce, it's more an interactive story than a challenge. Plot, dialogues, graphic style and soundtrack (which can be downloaded for free) all contribute to the nightmarish atmosphere. It's relatively short: I finished it in little more than two hours, finding two different endings, and dealing with a bug that made me restart an act, losing just a few minutes. The developer warns us beforehand that the game deals with harsh themes, like domestic abuse. I recommend it for horror fans looking for something grim and unsettling."
76561198130383616,Recommended,396310,24307082,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,NintenGamer2100,"""I'm not your lawyer. I'm not your priest. These things you speak of...these things are dark things.""""I don't know how to stop.""""Admitting that you are no longer in control is the first step...and the first step is the hardest. Perhaps you have more feeling than you let on?""""Sometimes, I remember I'm human.""""You are human. You always have been. You're made of the same flesh and blood as I. And these glimpses  of humanity make these next questions so challenging. You've done...very terrible things. But why?  What possible pleasure was there to gain? Why did you make him suffer so greatly?""""They told be to do it. They told me it was the only way I could be saved.""""They. The angel? Your father? The voices in your head? The monsters in your heart? They're all to blame,  but not you...never you. No control. No responsibility. No blame. Can you not accept that you could have quit at any point? These are not your salvation. They are simply the justification...your justification. They command, you simply obey. An innocent puppet moving as they tug your strings. For one who craves  control...you seem to have so very little of it."""
,Recommended,396310,18820278,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Equation™,"Averydark game!Fantastic art / sound, more of an interactive novel as another review mentioned. I enjoyed the story line, there was a part of the game that made me feel a bit unsettled (which is great as I rarely get that from games)If you like games similar to ""The Cat Lady"" then you should enjoy this, the game is short but felt like just the right length of time.Hope we see more from the developer in the future."
76561198083726352,Recommended,396310,22449076,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,doojayess,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I really like it, but I think it fell a bit short of what I was expecting, and because of that I'm giving it a positive review but encouraging people to pick it up during sales.I really appreciate the art style, and the atmosphere that the characters (the characters are pretty interesting, really), story, and music create. There are a few jump scares, but they aren't overused and they are incorporated into the story well, so I'm not mad at the usage of them. I also appreciate the ""extras"" you discover as you go through the game, and I've read that the dev had to take out a lot of his ideas, but I'm still happy with the extras you get with the game as it is.The ""mechanics"" of this game are a bit dodgy at times, and getting through the different areas can be a bit of a hassle at times if you don't click on *just* the right spot, but I think that can be forgiven since it doesn't take much clicking to figure out where you're supposed to go.This game is very, very short, though. There are several acts, fine, but the game in total takes under 2 hours to complete, and I was honestly expecting so much more gameplay because I judged the game from the trailer. I am actually really disappointed that this game starts and ends so abruptly, that so many bits felt rushed, and that there wasn't more done with the story. For example, without giving anything away, you basically know what you're getting into pretty quickly, and I think it would have been much more effective to just be naive at the start and discover things slowly. There are cryptic messages hidden everywhere that you can decipher on your own time (you don't have to for the story), and then you can use those hints to discover who the game is actually based on. Unfortunately, I feel like mentioning this game was based on a true story was a tool used to draw people in to purchase this game-- and I can't be mad, because it worked, but I do think that if you're going to make a game based on the life of a serial killer, you should flesh it out a bit more.I wouldn't go as far as saying this game resembles The Cat Lady like others have said-- I think the two are very different games, although this game does incorporate disturbing themes as well. The dialogue options are brilliant, and I like how you can go very, very different ways with your choices there. I'm excited to see what else Old Blood will make in the future, because this is a decent ""draft"" game despite its flaws. I encourage people to buy it on sale, because it is something different and you *can* appreciate it as long as you don't pay too much for it because it's so damn short, and I think it's fair to label this as more a graphic novel than a game. But the horror aspect is there, and it is somewhat disturbing, so  I think fans of those types of games will appreciate Masochisa."
,Recommended,396310,20704988,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Tara Babcock,"This game is extremely addicting. Not in the way that a puzzle game is, but in the way that you can't put the story down because you are as thrilled to see what's going to happen next as you are riveted at the brutality and honesty of the psychology. I usually hate games that are first-person, as well as ones that require lots of reading in lieu of voice overs, but I LOVE this one! My only issue is that it sucks playing it when you have 2 monitors and you have to scroll. The mouse cursor doesn't lock to the screeen you are on."
,Recommended,396310,22931145,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Nozombi,"It's difficult to recommend this game because of its disturbing subject matter as well as the beyond unsettling acts committed within it, but one cannot disregard how cleverly unique it is. Scattered throughout the game are hidden messages in hexadecimal and breakage of the fourth wall, which is not encountered often. The art is stunningly creepy, and the soundtrack is a combination of beautifully somber and eerie. However, what's most impressive is the number of references towardsAlbert Fish, on whom this game is based.Not for the faint of heart: just simple clicks of the mouse to progress through the story can make one feel ill."
76561198079163498,Recommended,396310,24635869,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lifebloom,"If youre interested in real murder stories and the mind of killers then this games is perfect! its based on a true story which makes it even creepier if you know the one its based off of (I reccommend playing it first before you look it up) . I would say that if youre easily disturbed or upset, you might want to skip it as im not usually affected by theses things but this game just left me so shocked"
,Recommended,396310,28743664,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,zombiecat,"A greatly disturbing and uncomfortable experience. The subject matter is incredibly dark and twisted. Don't take the warnings lightly. That said, if you're a fan of psychological horror then I would definitely recommend this ""game"". It really gets into your head. I have the feeling I'll be thinking about this one for a while."
,Recommended,396310,23411725,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,JKDarkseid,*incoherent screaming*
,Recommended,396310,25850043,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,BradsGaming,The game is perfect for anyone looking for a Psychological Horror games and what is crazy is how it is based on true events. With a little searching it wasn't hard to find who it was based around. This is a great game for you to pick up and finish in about 2 to 2 and a half hours!
,Recommended,396310,24001376,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Vampyre Prince,"This review may contain spoilers. Not a lot of games can crawl into my head and just make me feel off. While I would recommend this game, I would be careful who I actually recommend it to. I feel like the lack of a choice to divert the story to a different path was actually a good choice here despite what else I've read from others. When you have a serious mental illness it controls you, and often times there isn't a lot you can do about that. So in that sense, the game having such a direct path, but with answers that make you think you have a choice, was brilliant. That's just my view though. It made me feel as if I were actually living through a horrible day in this guy's head, which is why I felt pretty horrible after playing this. There were a few times while playing when I could not pick any answer and I sat hovering over the screen, conflicted with what I should (or would rather not) do.TLDR; this game is a piece of art in itself, and it leaves a very powerful effect when over. The gameplay, while simple, has a deeper meaning in it in my opinion."
,Recommended,396310,30398860,Posted: 8 March,all,frostybaby13,"If you like psychological horror, and dark themes, then you should go into this game blind. It was an incredible experience!! One I immediately felt compelled to google and discuss afterwards. I always, always play good guy characters - and if you're like me, you will enjoy the experience of trying to force your good guy gameplay only to be forced to abandon such notions to see the creepy conclusion of the story."
,Recommended,396310,30480557,Posted: 12 March,all,adrianmarshall167,"There aren't many experiences in gaming left to uncover. Or so I thought, prior to playing this.While it does remind me in some ways of Year Walk in its gameplay, Masochisia is a disturbing and powerful story that has lingered in my mind since I finished it last night.You are Hamilton, a boy who lives in a house of abuse and fractured relationships. Your father beats you and your mother, and your brother only avoids these beatings because his pain is his pleasure. Right from the start you are made to feel like a disgusting person thanks to the excellent writing of these characters, and the artistic direction of the world you inhabit and the people who dwell there helps to establish a grimy, unnatural mood that worms its way into your mind and refuses to let go.Immediately after playing you want to know more about what this is based on, and it's a long read, but it's worth it. The truth is truly more unsettling than fiction. In fact, I would argue those are my only two complaints; I wanted more, and I wanted to see even further down the rabbit hole, and be horrified by it.Anyone who needs a good psychological horror narrative to take up a night or two absolutely needs to pick this up."
,Recommended,396310,29402386,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Masochisia nails its atmosphere and is genuinely disturbing. Absolutely not for everyone, but if you have a morbid curiosity, or an interest in the macabre, give this VN a try."
,Recommended,396310,32033717,Posted: 28 May,all,mander,"It was a skullf^ck of epic proportions and I feel spiritually dirty. There is a trigger warning on this for a reason, but not just for domestic violence. It's a look at the natural conclusion that morbid curiosity about systematic, deliberate violence that we like to gather 'round like a camp fire. After a while,there are greyed out dialogue options and the cushy denial of point-n-click just isn't going to save you. There is no turning back. Part of me wishes I hadn't gone on Bluebeard's wife on this game. Part of me knows I couldn't have stayed away.TL;DR: Fine art that will take its sacrament out of your sound sleep."
76561198054885186,Recommended,396310,18783150,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nicky,"Um. Holy crap. Yeah, there are some bugs, and the camera paining is a bit awkward. Pretty straightforward and a fast play. I beat it in about two hours. Some scary bits, but the real chill I got was at the very end. No spoilers, just. Holy crap. Great game."
76561198044392519,Recommended,396310,21241018,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dug,"I have mixed feelings.Let's begin with the bad:It's based on a true story, but that story is far more disturbing than what is shown in the game.It's probably not the case but I almost feel like this game was rushed. It would've been better if it showed the phases of how abuse effects a person, rather than beginning when the catharsis is already on the doorstep, it would've been much more.. personal maybe? Don't get me wrong, the game has quite a psychological madness going on, but I'd have loved to see more. These are my only complaints, I've gone to this without reading about it, so I may have expected a little bit more than I should have.The selling point for me is that the game shows us how easy it is to justify doing horrible things to other people... Abusing, manipulating, killing someone. We see how abuse can change someone to the worst. Making people feel like that if they suffer everyone else should, justifying their actions, making them just as cruel, or worse, as the people who made them feel the way they do. There are bad people in the world, using and abusing people, but do they really deserve death? As soon as we see it in a personal level we can very easily judge, but doesn't that make us less.. human? Can we play god?I don't want to go really in-depth about it since that's not my style, but if you look for something dark and human, go for this. It's very short, but the psychology behind it gets more genius the more I think about it."
76561198052143949,Recommended,396310,22098026,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,andglima,I've never seen anything like this game before... It's surprisingly good! And surprisingly terrifying...
76561198089645223,Recommended,396310,24968203,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"Just going to throw some thoughts out here without any real structure and call it a review.Fascinating experience. That's what it is really, an experience, not so much a game. Anyone interested in purchasing it should keep that in mind.The journey seems to be kind of short, but I would prefer it this way, as opposed to the game overstaying it's welcome.The soundtrack is amazing, the atmosphere was great, and I really enjoyed the visuals, but I don't feel like the scares really added anything to the experience (and by scares I mean things likethe encounter with the Gray Man at the beginning, for clarification). The surprises left around are also a really nice touch.Overall, I'm very glad I picked it up, I'll definitely be replaying it to see if there's anything I missed."
,Recommended,396310,21522347,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sarcissist,For a very serious moment I thought I'dwritten and left myself notes I had no recollection of writing. 10/10 for temporary nihilistic delusion.
,Recommended,396310,24415630,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,puritysin,Absolutely fantastic game. I went into it after falling in love with the demo and was pleasently surprised by how much different it was and being right about who you are actually playing as. I can't wait to do more of the game to see how much I can unlock story wise.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XhVkGotiO0
76561198070925419,Recommended,396310,30072221,Posted: 20 February,all,Corpselocker,"I get a lot of games and hope to pursue them.  I'm not sure where or when I picked up this title, but I decide to give it a load without reviewing any details.  I was initially offput by the 2d nature and feared it would be a hunt and seek for pixels, but pixel hunting was not an aspect and the graphics and story drew me in.  I got through this is in just 2.5 hours, probably less for a pee break, but it was an interesting title to run through.It was dark, it was bloody, but it felt within the ranges of the story.I liked it, but ultimately, I am not sure I had a choice in my path.  That feeling somewhat dampened my experience once I chose one path but it seemed like I was permentantly locked to it.  I think if you care less about the choices and more about the experience, it works.  It worked for me even though I desperately sought not to pursue one potential ending.This is indie gaming.  It is quick, it is interesting, and it is what you should throw a few dollars to.  I know it had my mind reeling on the posibilities of this type of narrative."
,Recommended,396310,25047323,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Pickle Rick ||||| hellcase.com,"Okay so i NEVER leave reviews, but this game was AMAZING. The whole experience is amazing and the ending is just eerie. The puzzles have fair challenge to them. Overall just an amazing game, and i am so amazingly satisfied. HIGHLY reccomended if you want something different"
76561198120373075,Recommended,396310,25256266,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Degenerate18,"Usually, I play games on steam sporadically. I am one of the many people who see games on sale at amazing deals and impulse buy. I have gathered a collection of 50+ games and have played none as of yet to the very end.This is the exception. This point and click story had me hooked from the start to the finish. This story is very dark but also very immeservive using unusual methods to blur the lines between fiction and reality. Do not underestimate the darkness of this game. If you are certain you can cope with the content I highly recommend this game to you!"
76561197975895891,Recommended,396310,31694838,Posted: 11 May,all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,I feel guilty for having this game (experience) in my Steam libary.
76561198088605563,Recommended,396310,30349718,Posted: 5 March,all,Nightless,"A beautifully disturbing and frightning game. There are little words to describe it without simply having you play it. The story is great, the art is excellent, and the sound design, music, everything is phenomenal. If you enjoyed the game Year Walk, then this game has a very, very similar style of gameplay and quality. Other reviewers said this game was distrubing... I didn't believe that to be true until about five minutes in. You think it's distrubing, and then manages to get more distrubing. Ultimately, that is what makes the game that much more interesting. A slow descent into madness awaits you. My only criticism is that I got lost at a couple points and I was a little unsure of what to do. Also, that it's short (2+ hours max). Other than that, this game is well worth your while. P.S. You aren't being hacked. Don't worry. You'll understand later."
,Recommended,396310,21469322,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Silva,"Masochisia is a deeply disturbing game, covering such happy topics as masochism, sadism, physical and emotional abuse, murder and madness. In it's brief runtime it managed to be more horrifying and memorable than many other games several times its length. Every piece of the game works together to create an atmosphere of growing dread and revulsion, not just at the game's dark subject matter but the warped lens it is viewed through. Hamilton, the game's viewpoint character, is a particularly warped individual. The player is encouraged not necessarily to justify his actions, but sympathize with the madness that drives them.Here's what the game does right:The art, soundtrack, and subject matter combine to make a unique and memorable psychological horror experience.The game approaches madness and mental illness in a surprisingly nuanced way, neither glorifying nor entirely condemning the aberrant thought patterns and impulses of the afflicted. It's an interesting approach, given the relative rarity of horror portraying psychosis as more than people who want to stab anything within arm's reach.The viewpoint perspective, as mentioned above, is well executed.There are some missteps, however.Without being told directly from another review, I would have never known the subject of the game wasthe serial killer, cannibal, and child♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Albert Fishand without that knowledge context for much of what occurs in the game is lost.Every so often the game shows coded messages that are not required to progress but reveal additional information. Someone with little patience or preference for ciphers, such as myself, is consequently left with an incomplete picture of the game's portrayal of its subject matter.The way the game portraysthe murderous nature of its protagonist as a matter of ""destiny""could easily be misconstrued asjustifying murder in generalrather thanthat being the self-rationalization of a deranged and murderous mind.So do I recommend this game? If you can withstand it, yes. Will I every play it again? HAHAHAHAHAHA.... no."
,Recommended,396310,21182863,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,*𝙝𝙤𝙡𝙤,"Masochisia is an interestingly complex game, and even now, a week after completing it, I'm unsure what to think of it. I wouldn't say it's as deeply affecting and moving as other reviewers have, however.The premise is good, and although it has been done before, the game steered clear of the risk of becoming cliched and  predictible. Instead, the story kept me engaged and pushed me to unfold more. The cast of unnerving characters stay with you, although some of them seem too exaggerated to the point of becoming a parody of what they are trying to convey.I'm not a massive fan of the art style used, but it does seem like a good fit to the game, and whilst I may not find it nice to look at, it isn't supposed to be. It's meant to leave you feeling uneasy, and it definitely fits that purpose well. I feel the same way about the navigation in the game. It became quite tiresome dealing with the slow movement, restricted to just scrolling left and right, but it adds to the feel of the game and I think it was a great move by the developer.I do, however, feel like the game falls off a little at the end. The suspense seems to dissipate a little, unfortunately. I really enjoyed Masochisia, especially the few chilling curveballs thrown in by the Dev, but I feel like something is missing. I'd still highly recommend it, but I do feel like it's oversold on being ""upsetting."""
,Recommended,396310,20080661,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sativlan,I'm still scared I'm going to see another document show up on my computer long after I've beaten this game.
,Recommended,396310,19412048,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jeuxindie,"Okay so I'm definitely going to write about this game on my blog. It will be written in my native tongue, but if you understand french, feel free to check it out, it will be displayed tomorrow!https://jeuxindie.wordpress.com/"
76561198051011523,Recommended,396310,30384764,Posted: 7 March,all,player_2,"It's interesting, and original. My guess is everyone will take away something different from it.Personally it showed me how meaningless the phrase ""I would never do such a thing"" really is."
76561197991940839,Recommended,396310,20123639,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JackyG,Great stuff. Always good to find something like this out there. This industry certainly needs to tackle more challenging themes like Masochisia does.
,Recommended,396310,20825969,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,pillowhead,"Firstly, as others have recommended, if you're feeling emotionally vulnerable, struggling with mental health, have experienced severe domestic abuse, or just someone who can't handle dark themes- stay away.I went into the game knowing it was going to be quite dark, so I wasn't taken too much by surprise. I think that helped.But, that being said, why play the game if it's so dark and horrible? Because it's fascinating.To go on the journey as this frightened little boy in this chaotic horrible family, and watch him turn into what he becomes. You start to question what you believe about psychopaths, and the creation of psychopaths.If you're into psychological horror, and don't mind your sense of ""right"" and wrong"" being mucked around with, you'll enjoy this.PROS:*Graphics.*Music.*Mind-expanding psychological themes.*Storyline.*A good level of player participation through your choices. Not as good as Telltale Games, but still very good.CONS:*You don't have as much control as you think, but perhaps that is the whole point of the game.But, I would have enjoyed being able to create my own fate for the character and save him from the path.*I had a lot of trouble getting the inventory up on my screen.*The game crashed quite a few times, fortunately it's reasonably easy to pick up where you left off.But still annoying."
,Recommended,396310,21041867,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dlonline24,"This game is messed up.  What's more messed up is the true story it's based on.  When you complete the game, do a little research to figure out the true story and read about it.  Then, try to forget it all!  This game is similar to movies like Leaving Las Vegas and Requiem for a Dream.  They're totally jacked up, but they are well done and can affect the player pretty intensely."
,Recommended,396310,22619584,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,starfirewitch,"Seriously, That bizzaro ending that maae me think ""you clever game creators..."" and yet made me kinda question what the♥♥♥♥♥♥just happened?I liked it. I tried to play the innocent party, but it wasn't easy. This game made me question myself ... like why am I sad that it ended and I didn't get to kill a couple other  characters I found unpleasent?I had to remind myself good people don't want to kill things............ or do they? Also, what about My character? What happens to Hamilton? I need answers.Interesting game. I give it two stabby butcher knives up!"
76561198060734390,Recommended,396310,23292983,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DimensionHatross,"Easy recommend for anyone interested in thoughful, imaginative, and introspective narratives- with a heavy helping of unease.Surprisingly as enjoyable as it was disturbing (help me?)."
76561198000918877,Recommended,396310,18940418,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Dirus,I can't comend this game highly enough.Incredibly disturbing but a brilliant insight into the mind. Its a tad glitchy but usually any errors can be escaped by going to the begining of the act. The graphics are perfectly designed and the music is beatiful. Genuinly lost for words after that.I really want to play more.
76561198256798336,Recommended,396310,21117447,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,novaimmortal,"Im trying to find the words to describe how i feel about this game but for some reason i cant. all i can say is that Masochisia was dark and thought provoking. I feel like this game really got in my head, i reccomend this masterpeice to those that are jaded as  this game isnt meant for the meek."
,Recommended,396310,18950728,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Copes^,"I loved this game.  It's pretty short.  But has replayability as there is more than one ending.  A lot of work went into this and i'm almost certain that this was made by one person.  The story is horrifying and touches some very real subjects.  This game is not for the feint of heart as it is very psychological.  Masochisia is unlike most horror games, even though the graphics are cartoon-eqsue, they are in my eyes perfect.  If you like horror games that have jump scares and will also mess with your mind.  Then buy this game.  Well worth the money, expect around 3 hours of gameplay for a full run through.  10/10 indie title.If you'd like to see my playthrough check out my youtube channel. :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLA7qgrYZWI&list=PLe3eyhT27R1Buk0rgD0h6FQSeWTdp0FBR"
,Recommended,396310,18514336,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Zed Clampet,"This game starts a little disturbing, but becomes shockingly so towards the end.Needless to say, I loved it."
,Recommended,396310,23854615,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dreye,"A nice little family friendly, narrative driven exploration game where you play the charasmatic hero searching for the answer to a sign he recieved from a higher power. Best played alone late at night with a headset for full immersion."
76561198078055847,Recommended,396310,21487000,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,rupo67,"Quite interesting game, although it's a bit short. Very dark, very morbid. 7/10"
76561198018651190,Recommended,396310,21755025,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,EnticingGinger,Game is chilling to the bone. It will disturb you and make you uncomfortable which speaks to how great the dialogue and story is. Loved every gruesome second!
,Recommended,396310,22154380,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,beetlejews,"This game is not at all for the faint of heart. xMasochisia is by far one of my favorite games on Steam. The darkness of it, the atmosphere, and the gore were all perfectly orchestrated into one disgustingly horrific game that I enjoy replaying over and over.~~"
,Recommended,396310,23992573,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,nithou,"A weird, disturbing and incredibly executed game. Just be prepared to be quite shaken by some of the graphics. Also, pay attention to your computer you might get surprised..."
76561198006986577,Recommended,396310,24038990,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,Fate.
76561198097977393,Recommended,396310,30181784,Posted: 25 February,all,Sapphirefrost,"I gotta admit, I wasn't entirely sure what I was expecting going in but it was fascinating, unique and kept me interested the whole time. It's deeply unsettling, which is part of the point. I definitely liked playing this, and I definitely liked how it messes with your head."
76561198052278173,Recommended,396310,31655576,Posted: 9 May,all,w.xscode,Well..Damn...Horrifyingly brilliantly thought provoking41 4d 20 49 20 41 20 47 4f 4f 44 20 50 45 52 53 4f 4e 3f10/10NOT for the faint of heart.
76561198121251667,Recommended,396310,21631014,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MangleTheFox,My head is still a bit hazy from that ending. That genuinely gave me the creeps.
76561198080619160,Recommended,396310,22445046,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Trance_Awake,"There's not much to say about this game that hasn't already been said.  I finished this game a few days ago and I still can't stop thinking about it.  I don't know that any game has had as much of an impact on me as Masochisia has.  It's definitely more of an interactive story than a ""game,"" but anything more than what it is would have probably lessened the effect of the story.  If you're familiar with who this game is based on, you'll catch so many hidden references.  If you can handle disturbing games, get this one."
,Recommended,396310,22868538,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,snugglor,"I can't say that I liked or enjoyed this game but it's certainly a unique and disturbing experience.It deals with themes such as psychosis, murder and domestic violence in quite a full-on way and I could feel my face contort in disgust at certain parts.The main thing I took away from my 90 minutes of play time is an understanding of feeling powerless to change certain events. It's a short run through and I'm sure that I missed plenty of things but I don't want to go back to find anything I may have missed. It's not a world I care to return to."
,Recommended,396310,22992800,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Tobias Parker,This game is a gripping examination of the early childhood and life of serial killer Albert Fish.  An interactive story/adventure game Masochisma explores the darkest depths of humanity and features very disturbing content.  This game is only a few hours long but manages to tell a frightful story that will make you reconsider what makes someone evil.
76561198006726442,Recommended,396310,24032269,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Barnabas Deimos,"Yes, Based on a real.. story. So much of it literrally falls into place the moment certain characters are revealed."
76561198057247398,Recommended,396310,24059764,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Flynt Flossy,"Really enjoyed the dark atmosphere and the constant internal struggles you go through.  Wish it could've been a bit longer but for the price, it's definitely worth it.  Not for the faint of heart though."
,Recommended,396310,30067337,Posted: 20 February,all,Blueberry Fishkowska,"The fact that it is based on true story, makes the whole experience even creepier.Actually CREEPY as hell.At one point I could not look at the screen and this notes receivied after finishing the game scared me a lot. I could not sleep afterall."
76561197983356444,Recommended,396310,30328993,Posted: 4 March,all,shalot,"Searingly clever, remarkably well constructed, Masochisia has no real challenge and at the same time is very difficult to play. I have played many games that are far more violent, more grisly, more gruesome, but I can't think of any more disturbing. This is an experience, and not an easy one to tolerate. Play it alone, preferably in a single sitting. Think about it, but don't think too deep."
76561198033055675,Recommended,396310,31712828,Posted: 12 May,all,soldierfortruth,"I'll be honest that up until about act 3 I didn't really like the game that much it was very kind of standard with fairly lame jump-scares and a feeling of lack or control of what is happening. Despite a pretty aesthetic I almost quit; however, I would advise you to stick with it the same way I did and you'll find yourself a nice little psychological point and click that subverts expectations by doing things like putting little notepad notes on your desktop, and an aura in the background that begs you to not move forward. You play as a young man in a broken home dealing some pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥eventually you find an angle and battle against the idea the very idea of fate. If you pick it up on sale like I did it's a must buy, but at full price you're getting a pretty good horror game but it's only about 2 hours long in total with little replayability.Final Grad B-"
,Recommended,396310,22278137,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Xero-XRG,"I recently did a review of this amazing game, if you woudl like to check it our here.I highly recommend ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5TlvJwKh-o"
76561198127059779,Recommended,396310,22353292,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,tkdboy12,"After having finished this game, I can only say that I enjoyed what the game had to offer. In terms of gameplay you just move around collecting items, but the real meat is the story. The game delves into heavy dark topics, and not everyone will be comfortable with this game for those reasons. This game makes you think about whether or not some people are born evil, or are just an innocent person being beset by evil.This is one game that literally stays with you, both in your mind and thoughts, and on your desktop :)I wholly reccommend this game."
,Recommended,396310,31591556,Posted: 6 May,all,Gord10,"As the developer of another game about self-harm, I have always been curious about this game since the first time I've seen it. I've just finished playing and it became one of my favourite games!I loved how disturbing what we were forced to do. We kill lots of humans in action games, but this game manages to make us feel the weight of the violence.Though, I tried playing as a pacifist, but couldn't notice any positive consequences."
,Recommended,396310,34086796,Posted: 7 August,all,hitt.william,"7/10Certainly, this is a difficult game to review. I must recommend it, because the chances taken by the developer are more courageous and the questions raised by the game more profound than in most games you'll play.However, it is not a ""fun"" game to play. The game is very unnerving, with character designs seemingly crafted specifically to make the player uncomfortable. The player is put in awful situations, and must spend a bit too much time scrolling horizontally through the games' environments (a gameplay-related complaint).The game is loosely based off of a serial killer in history, Albert Fish. There are many references to his story throughout the game. However, I am not sure I would necessarily recommend that the player seek out his story prior to playing. It seems important that the player attempt to empathize with the protagonist, and prior knowledge could hinder this. I didn't know anything about Albert Fish prior to playing, just FYI.I think that this is a very important game. Simply because it is possible for an individual to escape a terrible upbringing unscathed, does that mean that we should not pay attention to the other 90% of people who emerge broken? In our society, we spend so much time focusing on those who escape. Do we ever get a fully human exploration of those who don't? It's likely that this game will upset some, and I'm sure it already has, but it truly is a work of art. Each player will likely take something different away."
76561198061225879,Recommended,396310,23917878,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Varon Von Visitor,"I recommend few games. This one made me few like crap, something no game has ever been able to do. To anyone on the egde about this game. Get it. Few games can comapre."
,Recommended,396310,23939097,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Indi,"God damn.God. DAMN.This game has a whole lot going on in it. It's a bit short, yes, but there's some replayability to get different conversations throughout the various scenese of the gameThe puzzles, while a bit on the simple side, serve their purpose, and set some tone for the game. But the soundtrack, visuals, and effects on the UI make for a very well put together atmosphere. One that had me so wrapped up in the game that I missed some important details outside of the game.While the story of the game itself is a bit confusing, and might leave you with questions, there's a background going on that you might have to dig to find out. Just, remember to take a break every now and then. Some things are easier to notice when you step back.THE NUMBERS MASON, WHAT DO THE NUMBERS MEAN"
,Recommended,396310,22640774,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mader,"Please, buy this game. If you read the description, you know it's more of a story than a game... and it's bloody brilliant."
76561198022241634,Recommended,396310,20676839,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Gozzle,"This is less a game and more of an interactive story. That's no criticism as it makes use of this medium to tell its story really well. It's very dark and definitely one for more mature audiences. I've played plenty of games that were considered controversial and none of them were quite as nasty as this but then again, what happens in this game isn't handled lightly. Props to the creator for not allowing this to come off as exploitative, but simply a harrowing story about mental illness, abuse and murder."
,Recommended,396310,19033879,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,King Gordy.,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BFpVtp3aq4It's a good game I can see the appeal of a point and click psychological horror game. Personally I am not a fan of the point and click game mechanics, so this game isn't really for me. I would still recommend this game to anyone who wants a good psychological horror game and doesn't mind it being point and click."
76561198020962583,Recommended,396310,21064414,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,TQ.C Bootleg,"I have to say I struggled with this.This game has everything you want in horror.  Including the potency to stick with you for days.I loved everything about it until a certain point.  Ill sum it up in 3 words without spoiling it.1.  Pure2.  Gratuitous3.  ExploitationNever in my right mind could I ever recommend this game.  TO ANYONE.Only in fear of my kids ever stumbling accross it, if I don't get a refund I will opt to remove this from my account permanently...::EDIT::I had a hard time with this one.A pretty deep email exchange with the dev has urged me to change my review from a negative, to a positive.This impacted me in ways I can't begin to explain and I urge anyone reading this to think twice before exposing  yourself to this.The dev is a good guy.  I respect his project.  I respect the way it made me think...No hard feelings."
,Recommended,396310,18402863,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Gargall amb Mocs,"It's an original game, but far too short. Give it a shot if you enjoy twisted stories."
,Recommended,396310,32043115,Posted: 29 May,all,ThE HämPehL,"Woah, what a rush this game is...Do i have to worry now that i like this game?!No, seriously now. This game is like a playable Drama/Thriller, it is really awesome!But beware, this is really not for children or unstable people."
,Recommended,396310,29170854,Posted: 10 January,all,Aardbeix3,"I REALLY like this game, this is my kind of game. Really dark, nice visuals, very different than many horror games I've played, good storyline... Really love it so far."
,Recommended,396310,22745421,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kelzer,How to fee like a serial killer9/10 would go crazy againThe reason I deleted a point was because it gave me too much of a mental break down...
,Recommended,396310,27676870,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hamakei,"Deeply disturbing and very unpleasant. Not for people with weak stomachs or who are prone to being affected by violent events....Masochisia is a journey into the mind of someone who grows up to be a sadomasochistic serial killer. The general tone of the story seems to be whether or not he had a choice, given the circumstances of his upbringing and the situations he was forced into. Whether the answer is yes or no is up to you.The fact it's based on a true story just makes things even more disturbing...I didn't know this when I first played, but about half way through I began to realise that certain names and events were familiar to me....and....yeah. It's not an easy game to play. The hardest part for me were the absolutely gruesome sound effects in the old warehouse. You know the part I mean. Ick.Is this exploitation? No. Just because something is based on a true story doesn't make it exploitation. There are many, many , MANY ""true crime"" works out there and they're not exploitation either. The fact the developers didn't outwardly give the name of the even it's based upon helps mitigate this. Does it deliberately attempt to shock and evoke a sense of futility in the player? Yes. But ""That Dragon, Cancer"" also attempts to evoke strong emotions in the player (and is based on a true story), and that's not exploitation either.The fact that the developers chose to leave out a lot of the story is possibly the most disturbing part. Seriously...some of the thingsAlbert Fishdid are far worse than what you have to do in this game.Riveting stuff, but I don't think I want to play it again for a LONG time"
,Recommended,396310,32125682,Posted: 2 June,all,The Big Boy Himself,"It's glitchy and rough around the edges, but it does play with a lot really cool moments and ideas. It does things that can only be done in video games and most of it works. I can't say much more without spoiling anything so if you like 'interactive storytelling' and stories that make you feel awful, buy it on sale."
76561198074617068,Recommended,396310,21247085,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mrs. Fox,"I found this game really effective in drawing you in despite not having super-fancy graphics, etc. I'm not an experienced enough gamer for my opinion to necessarily be helpful to others, but for my two cents, I thoroughly enjoyed the emotional thrashing I got. Seriously though Jon, please consider making this a series. Each one could be based on another...inspiring gent's true story..."
,Recommended,396310,21162594,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Johny Retro,"I clearly enjoyed every minute of the game. it´s smart, sadistic and bad to the bone. get it for the few bucks an enjoy two and half hours of an totaly other PC game!"
76561198197489283,Recommended,396310,21451594,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,zargonof,Absolutly fantastic game and will have to play a few times.  Use Headphones it is so much better!!!!!!!
,Recommended,396310,21312562,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sir Cherrington,"After playing this game to completion. I loved every second of it! It's an intense pshycological point and click adventure based on a real story.Albert FishThe setting and mood of the game attributes to how intense this can actually get. It keeps you on edge the whole time and then something else happens taking it away, building it back up before a reveal.I definitely think this game is worth playing the potential of multiple endings is also a bonus!P.S. Check your desktop....."
,Recommended,396310,30184595,Posted: 25 February,all,BlazeDaKoosh420™,PLEASE BUY!!!
76561198006849221,Recommended,396310,32749784,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,There's nothing scarier than human nature.
76561198398701557,Recommended,396310,32897535,Posted: 27 June,all,Smashrabbid,It was my fate to play this game...The game has a very interesting story.I wish there would be more games like this.Absolutely brilliant and worth buying!
,Recommended,396310,32565715,Posted: 19 June,all,Kevinet,"A bit cliche, but still very unique.This game will last about one and a half to two hours, aiming to make you, the player, utterly creeped out and feeling uncomfortable. It's a beast of its own kind, just doing what it does."
76561197969749884,Recommended,396310,30939757,Posted: 4 April,all,Sarkoth,"Extremely disturbing, yet boring gameplay wise. Also extremely short. The reason I still recommend this is because it is unlike anything I ever have played before."
76561198130464705,Recommended,396310,24172285,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,EvaKarino,Unlike any game I have ever played. Get this game. Play this game. Feel this game
76561198112989387,Recommended,396310,24149065,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SHARKEY,one of the more ♥♥♥♥ed-up games i have played
76561198230841712,Recommended,396310,29732860,Posted: 5 February,all,NotNakedRightNow,"Wonderful game, with great graphics, but I still couldn't finish it. Not that I didn't want to, it's just my game will not work. My inventory does not show when I reach the gaurdian in Chapter V and so I can not progress. Every solution I have tried has not worked and now I'm stuck.I would highly recommend the game but because I literally can not finish it and because this is a widespread problem from what I can tell, I have to give it a thumbs down.Edit: Was able to finish and it's a wonderful and dark story."
76561198007747398,Recommended,396310,31679628,Posted: 11 May,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"When I bought this game I thought to myself "" OH bummer there are no achievements "" . When I finished the game I thought to myself "" THANK GOD THERE ARE NO ACHIEVEMENTS "".Masochisia is a gory, depressing and abhorrant point&click game. It gets sickier. My face went from ""meh"" to a full blown ""WTF"" . It is not recommended for the weak-hearted, the gullible farmville-playing innocent boys and girls, nor for those who have a childhood of abuse(seriously). It IS based on a true story though, googleserial killer cannibal, go to wikipedia and find out.My mom used to tell me that ghosts are not scary, but humans are. This game just proves her point.10/10 will feel my blood freezing again."
76561198009613545,Recommended,396310,18411612,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Daughter Isotope,Super fun point-and-click game based  a little too closely on real life events! Polished graphics and haunting music make this an enjoyable and immersive experience for fans of the psychological horror genre.  I only wish it were longer; I completed it in about 2 hours.
76561198016707912,Recommended,396310,18418008,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,archenemy,"Get it if- you played The Cat Lady and liked it- you are okay that you are quite evil in the story- you like horror, visual novels, and artsy graphicsDon't get it if- you want an actual game-like game with mechanics, like skill points and HP- you hate jumpscares (not much in this game, but there are a few)- you are not okay with a visual novel - like experience."
,Recommended,396310,18418498,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,DOOM Guy,"One of the first games of the psychological horror kind that actually didn't need a ♥♥♥♥ing spoken word of dialogue in the entire game to have such a damn profound effect. This game is INCREDIBLY ♥♥♥♥ed.It deals with a lot of dark seated♥♥♥♥♥♥ Things that nobody wants to talk about or think about, but as humans we do, as much as we regret and abhor it. It deals with a ""protagonist"" who ends up finding out what kind of monster he will become. The game is apologetic. It does not hide itself and it does not coddle. The feeling of oppression that exudes from this game by the atmosphere alone is a pretty god damned good indication of the concept of depression and the related illnesses. It speaks of the human condition upon dealing with our thoughts we do not want to think or actions we do not want to do.It will make you feel uncomfortable. You may not even want to continue, considering some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥it asks you to do. But there's this innate curiosity- Maybe, somehow, some way, you can make it all okay. According to the developer, there are multiple endings. But you have to be extremely careful on what you say and when you say it. You have to choose when to use items and when not to. It very subtly tells you what kind of path you will end up taking, and whether or not you can stop it.It's a very, very short game. I got the first ending within an hour. But believe me, this man knows what it's like to have a battle within your own mind. He understands what it feels like. This game has spoken volumes about the concepts of mental illness and the struggles of depression. Also the battle of keeping your head on your shoulders and being in control of your own existence.I get headaches sometimes when I'm in periods of extreme tension or distress, and this game made me feel that, even though it wasn't obvious. This is a sign of a very well made game. Even though he said that people that suffer from depression probably SHOULDN'T play it (But all of you know me anyhoo)This is a very, very good game if you're into psychological horror point and clicks, and I hope to see more from this man. Excellent work. 8.75/10"
,Not Recommended,396310,31774751,Posted: 15 May,all,Graycor,"The interface is incredibly slow and annoying. There is like a few minutes of actual content, the rest is slowly dragging across the interface to navigate between screens. The game itself is not nearly as violent or gruesome as the other comments would lead you to believe. It's actually really tame. Tries to be deep but fails at that, in my opinion. I also kind of felt a little uneasy with how it writes text files to your desktop, like that really wasn't necessary and was kind of a violation by the dev. When all is said and done, I felt like this was kind of a waste of time. Half my game time was also due to a bug where an item disappeared without my realizing it, so I was hunting for something that wasn't there, and had to reload act 5 for it to reappear. Anyway to sum up: boring, slow, pointless."
76561198042761413,Not Recommended,396310,18416130,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Silioni,"I love psychological horror, but to be honest Masochisia was quite distasteful. That may be because I cannot really relate to some of the abuse related themes in the narrative, but that's hardly the game designers fault.It just didn't appeal to me, and having no real control over the narrative means you just watch the story of someone in terrible circumstances go down the deep end. Since there is no real gameplay, it reduces the experience to a visual novel of sorts. Also for a game that barely lasts 3 hours, the pricetag is not really justified.That said the music was quite good."
76561197983416777,Not Recommended,396310,22414774,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,soylentgreenispeople,"I bought this game on sale, knowing that it would be short, and having read a ton of reviews that said it would not be ""fun,"" but that it was a disturbing bit of psycological horror with unusually good writing. Some of this was accurate.It is short. I spent a bit more time in it than necissary because of a bug that caused me to lose all of my inventory items and forced me to hunt them down and recollect them. This is the only bug I encountered and it did not seriously impede my progress. The writing is also fine. The art direction, while cartoonish in style, is fairly well done. The music is excellent.However, I did not feel that it was a particularly impactful exploration of psycological horror. It certainly has some unpleasant content and some harsh language. It does portray or at least suggest both physical and emotional abuse which might be triggering for people who have experienced these things. But for the most part it felt trite, particularly in its implication of being ""based on a true story.""  This element felt exploitative, if anything. There was nothing informative here. I did not feel that this game gave me anything in particular to think about in retrospect. And, as many have said, it certianly is not fun. As far as being ""creepy"" or ""disturbing,"" these are subjective experiences, but honestly I have seen episodes of Millennium that were far creepier, and for that matter, even campy, less serious horror films like The Devils Rejects are probably more disturbing in general.My main objection to giving this ""game"" a recommendation, however, is that it isn't really a game. Its more of a visual novel, if anything. This alone would not be so much of an issue if it was genuinely interactive in any particular way. You can obviously move about and make choices in the dialog trees, but ultimately these choices have no effect whatsoever on the outcome of the ""story,"" despite the description of the game implying that the character's fate might be subject to change.This is a very linear experience with very limited interactivity. It contains graphic visuals, language, sounds, and suggestions. It isn't fun to ""play,"" its extremely short, it ends quite abruptly, and its unlikely to leave you with any feelings other than repugnance and possibly boredom.Save your money."
,Recommended,396310,32526320,Posted: 17 June,all,DeadEyedGemini,The art style is amazing and the horror elements of it send that uncomfortable feeling racing up your spine. The writing and the story purposfully send you into a state of confusion that you get to chip away at to reveal more and more of what's going on. What happened at the ending is one of my favorite aspects of horror games and genuinely freaked me out. I'm not sure if there's multiple endings or if you get more story by choosing different dialogue options but it was a quick enough game that I will be going through again and attempting to take different conversation routes. All and all a fantastic game for it's price!
,Recommended,396310,33893149,Posted: 29 July,all,dingschlong fangbanger,"Scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ love the art style.  Definitely not for the faint-of-heart.Had nightmares, recommend."
,Recommended,396310,33381256,Posted: 8 July,all,Wrath of Tron,Albert Fish: The GameWe all know where those needles really went.Forever Unclean.
,Recommended,396310,27056232,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jrbdog,"In this video game adaptation of the hit broadway musical ""Hamilton"", you are tasked with stepping into the shoes of one of America's founding fathers, Alexander Hamilton.  You will help him overcome challenges, find love, and figure out why there are creatures in the forest encouraging masochism and murder.Pros:Disturbing (in a good way)Great art designGood musicGreat writing♥♥♥♥s with your headCons:It's short, but doesn't feel rushed♥♥♥♥s with your head"
,Not Recommended,396310,21254357,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Alexander,"First of all, let me just say that this is not a bad game, it's actually quite entertaining for what it is. I've spent a few days now arguing with myself whether to give this game a thumbs up or down, if I ever wanted an ""in between"" button this is the time. Sadly, I came to the conclusion to give this one a thumbs down based on a few points that drags this game down.The first thing that disappoints me about this game is how short it is. This game really has potential to be a great horror point and click/puzzle/adventure game and there even are some puzzles in the game that makes use of this (the TIME riddle, amazing one). But it felt like the developer rather just focus on the creepy/gore factor. It's a hard one to explain, but you'll understand it when you play it. I'm not usually the person who complains about the length of a game, I've played my fair share of short games that just blew my mind. This however could be so much more. I completed it in 60 minutes or so (the rest of the time is spent on exploring things) and it's really not worth it for that price tag.The second thing that disappoints me is that this game is supposed to be based on a true story. And I can't really agree there. I've read up on the true story and even seen the movie and documentaries about this serial killer, and that story had almost nothing to do with this game. I don't want to spoil the game too much, but let's just say that the parents play a huge part in this game, while the parents didn't exist in the true story. I might have misunderstood the game at some point, but the only reference that I got from the game to the true story is the name of the little girl, nothing else really. So saying this game is based on a true story is like saying Star Wars is based on a true story just because we've been to space.There is one thing left that disappointed me, this might be considered a spoiler, so if you haven't played the game and intends do to so, please stop reading here.So, throughout the game you get choices, if you've ever played a Telltale game you know what I'm talking about. This leads me to believe that you could change the outcome of the story (even the info section of this game hints of that). You start off as what seems like an innocent person and this quickly escalates to the worse. All my choices during the game were the ""good"" ones, and still the game forces me to brutally murder an innocent boy and chop up his body. Now I don't have a problem with the gruesome content itself, what I do have a problem with is the game, letting me believe that I can end up on the ""good"" side but all of a sudden deny me to spare a little boy. When did I turn so evil, even though I always picked the ""good"" choices? This is really where this game falls short, you are a good person one minute and then bam you have a dismembered body in front of you. That might have been the point of the story all along, that you can't change your fate. And I do kind of respect that story telling, but it feels frustrated to play an active part in a story just for the story to take a U-turn for itself and spit in your face."
76561198020085437,Recommended,396310,18399555,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Nokzen,"Masochisia is a very disturbing game based on a true story.Its a point and click game with psychological horror elements.Game is Text based with a few puzzles, nice disturbing and descriptive Art work.A Visual novel type of experience if you will.Check out Act I here:https://youtu.be/0f9Zw4nSET0"
76561198139394715,Not Recommended,396310,23352856,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Almond Joy,"I feel ill. As someone who knows a lot about the case ofAlbert Fish, yes, it is accurate, and it does have an impressive amount of information about the man and about his life. I was impressed by this at first. However, upon meeting the charactersGrace and Billy, I could not with play it anymore with a clear mind.The creator did a great job of creating the game and showing people a story they have not heard before, but there are some historical facts I believe one should know about the game.Billy Gaffney and Grace Bud were real people, real children. You reenact Billy's murder, cut him up into pieces, just like Albert cut up the real child. He was whipped, his ears cut off, eyes gouged out, and cannibalized.  He was only four years old. Grace Budd was ten, and she was also eaten by Albert Fish. He sent her parents a letter, detailing how he murdered and ate their child. I imagine there is no horror, sorrow, or pain like the kind the Budds felt.I left a more negative review earlier, but after speaking briefly to the developer, I feel I was being unfair. It was a game with a lot of work poured into it, but I personally could not stomach it. Listen VERY closely to the warnings, and please try to understand the historical even this game was based on. IF you can continue after that, by all means. It is well put together and visually appealing, but too much for me."
,Not Recommended,396310,28713813,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,balupton,"The game's visuals are great, however somewhere in Chapter 2 you realise that nothing you do impacts the story, or to an extent, even the dialogue of the game. Making it less a game, and more like a visual story book that you have to do arduous tasks to move through every now and then to maintain the appearance of a game.I also encountered two bugs in the gameplay:1. When talking with the mother about the shed, the hint conversation never occured. I had to quit the game and restart it for the hint conversation to occur.2. When I had to hand the guardian the instruments, he did not let me pass. I had to restart the chapter and collect the instruments again.These bugs, when combined with the lack of dialogue options that usually results with the same conversation anyway, as well as the instruments panel not showing often or only partially showing depending on your resolution. Makes the gameplay detract from the visuals.I think a story book option would have been better for this, rather than a game. At least until your conscious plays a more interactive experience in the game.That all said, the game does pose an interesting question. Often in life we are told to trust our instincts and be who we are. What if who we are is a murderer? Should we listen or resist? Not that long ago, homesexuality was a sin that should be resisted, where now in western countries it is often celebrated. Perhaps sadomasochism may travel a similar line? At least, reading the psychiatric defenses of such killers make it seem as if sadomasochism is fine providing it is consenual - rather than a disorder that should be rejected. Which contrasts liberal values ""I do whatever I want providing it's consenual"" over conserative values ""I do what is best for society"". That said, perhaps the sadomasochists were useful to society in the times of swords and wars. Do they still have a beneficial place today? It would be great if the game allowed more exploration of such themes and questions, rather than a an hour or two introduction.As for all the reviews that say this game is deeply disturbing and unpleasant, I guess if you have never watched a R rated movie before, then sure. Otherwise, expect nothing more disturbing than your average slasher film, and less so than the Sixth Sense. Nothing in the league of the empathetic and disturbing nature of the movie Irreversible (2002) or the game Town of Light, which is what all the reviews make the game out to be.Perhaps the makers of The Town of Light should team with the makers of this game. That would be very interesting.TLDR:As for where this game is at right now, considering it is a 2 hour investment and reasonably priced for such an investment, it can be worth a shot. Expect interesting, but not profound. Would be more worthwhile if it was a visual story book than a game, as it would have save time while delivering the same value. Hopefully the purchase will create demand and funding for more exporation of such themes."
,Not Recommended,396310,22443123,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Chemstar,"its not as dark as people try to make it seem, with all the violent games and movies out there i dont see whats so awe striking, with that said it still is creepy. but I dont think its worth the price tag for 2 hours when its really not that special of a game."
76561197997776200,Recommended,396310,31391826,Posted: 27 April,all,Cyberfox,Dafuq did I just play??? THX Mr.Gamemaker I´m Insane now...
76561198079017181,Not Recommended,396310,23550052,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,tvremotechair,"My first thought was there was a very unfortunate lack of choice in this game. many of the diologue options were quite limitited and reptitive. I wanted to be the endearing protagonist, but the game just wouldnt let me. It was like I (the player) was being bullied into making choices I didnt want to make, simply because the game didnt facilitate the right choices. This, coupled with the general reptitiveness left me feeling frustrated to the point where i didnt want to bother anymore, which is kind of a harmfull pitfall, given the stark seriousness of the context, because it felt like the only way to enjoy the game (as a game) was to not take it seriously.After hearing about the the real world context that this game is drawing from though, I think it would be very difficult to allow for any redeaming outcome without undermining the actual events in some way or another. So turning it into choices matter game, then adding in halloween anouncements and cheeky surprise pranks just feels offensive, especially since there were times in the game where i actually felt morally compramised just for taking part. I get that its not supposed to be a typical game, but its being delivered as a game using typical game mechanics, and that just doent work like the dev wanted it to I think."
,Not Recommended,396310,23527043,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kitamura,"This is a really, really hard game to reveiw.I'm terribly torn between saying 'yes' or 'no'. I'll start with a pretty basic point, I wouldn't say its really a point and click game, there were no puzzles (really) and all choices ultimately end the same way with slightly differnet dialogue options. So it's more of a VERY intense visual novel.I thought the game visually was very good and expressed very well.Buying it, playing it felt horribly exploitative. The sick facination of it pulls you in and doesn't let go until you're done.Less of a game, more of a psychological horror exploration story."
,Not Recommended,396310,22730011,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,attackonautumn,"I wanted to like Masochisia. I came into this blind, only knowing it was a controversial horror, and I wish I hadn't. Full disclosure, I work with children. I fall very much into the ""not for you"" catagory of players.There are gameplay elements I enjoyed, especially the fourth wall breaks. The writing is obviously good enough to disturb. The wonky controls were extremely annoying to me though.My true problem with the game is obviously it's content. Mostly in regards to how it almost dishonors the true child victims of Albert Fish, Grace especially. I do understand why some players can connect with this, but I can't honestly leave a positive review for something that made me feel very sick."
76561198004453394,Not Recommended,396310,28101592,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr Murkle,"I like what this game is trying to achieve, however the mechanic of delivery is unfortunately incredibly boring."
76561198166054955,Not Recommended,396310,22393493,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mjhehir,Bored the freak outta me. The horror is the game mechanics.
,Not Recommended,396310,22754609,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,RainaMermaid,"I just couldnt get through this game. I wanted to like it. The art seemed neat. but it was a bit too over the top and unbelievable for me. Even with a walkthrough I found it difficult to follow through despite the pretty linear gameplay, I'd get stuck in places where I couldn't figure out the objective. It was certainly creepy but I found it a bit much for my taste. You'll probably like it if you're feeling tired of the psychological horror genre and want something refreshing and new... but to me it just felt like... pandering? It had so many great reviews but I just couldn't get into it. *shrug*"
,Not Recommended,396310,23877983,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Revaero,"I really liked the style choice for the art/visuals, but the game is not intuitive at all as to what the hell you're supposed to be doing.  I made it to the house and spoke with Walter, and I spoke to some boy in the back yard.  Tried looking for any clues (like the numbers carved into the trees, maybe that's a code in the shed, but it wasn't).  Couldn't use the meat cleaver for anything.  Outside of that, the game doesn't let you progress further than that."
,Not Recommended,396310,24383519,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,goodbyehorses,"Finished the game in a little over an hour. Definitely the edgiest thing I've ever played, not in a good way. Tries very hard to shock the player. The payoff at the end was creative, but the rest of the game was unredeemable.I didn't get the ""Gray Man"" reference while playing through, but after reading some reviews I see it. As another reviewer puts it, this game plays like it was made by a young teen who read the Wikipedia article on Albert Fish."
,Not Recommended,396310,24982057,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,venus_ego,"I'm disappointed and asked for a refund after 13 minutes of play.I found it dull and expected something more deep from what I've read.I think the creator's goal was to make something shocking only, but maybe he/she should have been looking more into narration and how to put a grip on the gamer from the start on."
,Not Recommended,396310,22490662,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,normalsauce,"It's like a 12-year-old stitched together a stupid plot after reading a wikipedia article on a serial killer. It's a boring, half-baked waste of everyone's time. Your choices aren't meaningful to the plot, the plot isn't very interesting. The most interesting part is the notes left on the desktop. Not the notes, which again sound like a middle-schooler trying to be creepy, just the idea of notes. Someone else should have used that idea. Don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,396310,30157973,Posted: 24 February,all,emmaya,Yah. It was creepy. Too creepy. No option not to kill Billy. No thanks.
76561198068865961,Not Recommended,396310,18812079,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,阿耶尼,a little disappointed. The plot seems trite to me.
,Not Recommended,396310,26090035,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,COCK,bug
76561198020948350,Not Recommended,396310,18678207,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Skepticalfox,"This game is a scary, psychological challenge, this is why i bought it. But there are som stupid things about it.Positive: Nice art, the dialogues really sound like its coming from a person suffering with schizophrenia or multiple personality disorder. The art is nice, the music as well, and the character design is rough and sketchy. Backgrounds are creepy, and honestly, i havent gotten much further so if you will please just drop down to the second part of this review...Negative: There you are. First of all, I did not expect this game to be so stiff. You can only move the picture either left or right, which kinda sucks and limits you from moving, and gives you a feeling that you are ""stuck"". I would have prefered this game to be 2D mixed with 3D or something more movable than this slideshow. Second of all, its WAY to cryptic. There is a shed where you are supposed to open a hatch, but theres a 4 digit code on it, and you cant use any tools in the shed to break it open (Please learn from Life is Strange) you MUST get this 4 digit code, and the only way to do that is to dig even deeper into the schizophrenic psychopath you are, and oh, did i forget to mention that as you play along, scary bears and shady people show up who tell you wierd stuff that makes absolutely no sense? Yes, its one of those games which can only be explained through a very VERY heavy interpretation of your own mind. No, im kidding, but its ridiculous... The answers that you can choose from during a dialogue is almost as ♥♥♥♥ed and twisted as the person asking them, specially since the persons you meet are either faceless girls, odd young boys with no pupils or big, red eyes satanists who have crosses in ther faces. Im stuck at the shed trying to open the hatch, but when you ask your mom (Btw, your mom is a sick twisted ♥♥♥♥ , and your father is a sadistic psychopathic drunk who beats the ♥♥♥♥ out of you and than has a personal dialogue with God) . Eitherhow, there is nothing clear in this game. Ever once in a while trying to find clues you go into this psycho-mode where your heart beat rate, and all of a sudden, you have scary creatures coming up close to your screen, screaming, and you do kinda get scared, but when you take the pills (yes you infinite amount of pills) you turn back to ""normal"". Sometimes the game goes back to ""reality"" and you are some dude named Alfred sitting in a hospital with a shrink. In the ""other"" reality your name is Hamilton. Anyway, on the game,your mom wont give the combination to the hatch, saying that ""time will tell"", what the ♥♥♥♥ does that even mean? Trying to scout every pixel of the game leads to no where, except this other voice keeps telling you cant go to certain places, despite that im ♥♥♥♥ing armed with 2 knifes. In the house you live in you got a neighbor or a brother or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ he is, who is tied and has a mask on his face. Trying to ask him to help you results in him saying ""Im gonna eat your ♥♥♥♥ing heart out"" and if you try to talk to him again, he just laughs.This whole game is hard and its ♥♥♥♥ing wierd. And why the ♥♥♥♥ are there no voices? Reading text is boring.The music is nice, the art, the characters, but the story is BORING and it makes no sense. Its way to cryptic, and the whole left-right slideshow controll is boring.I give this game 6/10."
76561198075507228,Recommended,396310,33119759,Posted: 2 July,all,grim853,"An absolutely incredible game, creative in all the right ways. It's a little bit short, but that's fine, it's only like 8 bucks at full price AND it's not padded with a bunch of crap. When it said ""Based on a true story"", I wanted to call bullcrap BUT HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IT IS. And what a messed up true story it is. Again, absolutely incredible. I cannot recommend it enough."
76561198098041932,Recommended,396310,34028917,Posted: 4 August,all,shugenjajvfx,"Masochisia takes a different approach to the horror game genre. Where other games scare you by showing you the threats you are facing, this visual novel terrifies you by showing you the threat YOU may be turning into. As Hamilton, you go through the trials your sad life has dealt you while dealing with the voices that urge you on to darker actions. It is quite disturbing, and depressing, to experience the struggles of the protagonist... who may or may not be a serial killer. This isn't just a game about playing the bad guy. It's a game about experiencing the very helplessness the extremely mentally ill feel as they surrender to their ""nature"". The ending is also VERY creepy as it takes a unique method of meta-commentary on the nature and darkness of man. Not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,396310,34675348,Posted: 1 September,all,Buttfart Princesspants VIII,"This game well and truly messed me up in a way most games lately haven't. I've read ""Killing Stalking"" and I was less perturbed by that. It's a short game, but for the sale price, that's amazing for what you get.I won't spoil anything but there were genuinely times in the game where I'd think, ""I can't keep playing this. It's genuinely too much, and this isn't a healthy thing to play."" and the game would even remind me, ""It's just a game. Just remind yourself it's a game."" And I think you needed that.Nice little ending too.I'd love to try and play it again and see if it ends differently after your first playthrough. If not, the mods need to get on that.Let me also add - CW. Do not play this game unless you are in a good place right now. It is deeply disturbing and I am just learning how much.It is based on a true story, and it can be very, very unsettling when you realise just how much. Grace and Billy are real, and that's honestly made me feel sick.I can't deny that it's amazing. It's a masterpiece and probably my game of the year, but dear god, it's a disgusting game that now makes me feel sick."
