user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197978203764,Recommended,396680,24328963,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,funky.schnitzel,"For five hours, I disliked Sol Trader. I started a character, borrowed a ship from a friend, then found that no one would offer me missions that required a ship. Any missions I could get were in the same city, and all paid less than $100. So I thought to myself, ""Another game with a cruddy mission system."" I bought a couple tons of food, flew to Venus, and sold them for a small profit. Noting that contraband was cheap, I carted this back to Earth. I found my first milk run. Another milk run from Venus to Mars followed. All this while, I thought that the game was technically well put together, but criminally boring.I asked for a refund from Steam. That is how bored I was. When Steam said no (on account of my 5 hours of gameplay), I figured I would give the game one last try. Luckily, this was the moment that I realised that I'd been playing the game all wrong. I bumped into an old friend (from my characters history) who asked me to track someone down for them. They were offering an astonishing $2000 for the job! I figured, ""Hey, why not. I'll be able to buy my own ship if I can earn that money.""The next half hour or so of my life was spent visiting bars, pubs, hotels, and markets around the inner solar system, chatting with everyone remotely connected to my target. New people brought new information and new leads. Eventually, I found someone in London who told me that my target had been on her way to Ceres last time she had seen them. Back in my borrowed ship, and out to Ceres I went! A couple of questions at the starport and I was directed to a local hotel. Finally, there she was! I had found my target, and received my pay! With this, I had found my calling in this game. I would be a private investigator, tracking down people and information for money!I bought myself a small ship, installed a passenger cabin so I had a place to sleep that wouldn't cost me anything per night, and found a new job. The more people I met, the more jobs became available.I'm not far into this game, but I am truly enjoying it. It requires a different approach to the average spaceship game, and having an imagination to build out the details that the game gives you will definitely help. If you want to try something different, strap on your social boots, and start meeting everyone in the solar system!"
76561198004786588,Not Recommended,396680,23437972,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SiN,"From what I can gather the premise of this game is who you know not what you know.  Which translates into a lot of clicking and even more reading.  I have played this game for about 7 hours and these are my thoughts:Pro:1.	Detailed family tree and contacts structure.  This is very detailed with a very intricate web which can be hard to follow but leads to very enjoyable intrigue and political maneuvering.2.	Character creation is gives you some choices that can open up benefit (or negative) chat options once the game starts.  I really like the detail and history this provides.3.	Multiple character options to be rated against.  For example loyalty, reliability, mechanical aptitude, likeness, star ship piloting etc.  You can even be given the background of inventing items that are in the game that give you additional chat options.Con:1.	Skills and back story after character selection do not appear to matter other than the chat options they provide.  For example you may have invented that engine but all you can do is brag about it.  You can even be a master mechanic received accolades for repair and expansion but when it comes down to it you have to pay someone else to repair your starship.  Lastly after talking to a dozen or so people it becomes very tedious to scroll to the bottom to use the same chat option to increase influence because new ones don’t seem to be generated despite having a role at an organization.2.	Roles and jobs are just another way to generate chat options to attempt to increase “likeness” with the NPCs.  They may say you are receiving a decent wage but you don’t get paid (just another chat options) for the role you’re in, and accepting the role doesn’t seem to give you access to anything unique or even jobs that you couldn’t get not performing that role/job.3.	Space combat and ship piloting.  Combat is mildly amazing think of it like a very bad version of asteroids from the Atari era and you will understand.  The break doesn’t seem to break and in fact propels the ships I have played forward.  The accelerate key is slow to accelerate then all of a sudden it boosts which caused me on multiple occasions to overshoot my goal.  Pulsing the thrusters seemed to help a little but that reverse thrust is a fail and the ships I flew couldn’t turn fast enough to allow proper maneuvering.  Lastly the auto pilot is the worst aspect of flying because it’s like circling a drain or toilet every time you use it.  Even the game doesn’t know how to go in a straight line and deaccelerate.a.	Update 6/8/2016:  Space ship auto pilot orbiting has been drastically improved since the original posting of my review.  While there is a residual of it still there it is not so extreme that it prohibits enjoyment of this part of the game.  Additionally I have noticed that the thrust seems to have been corrected in this last patch as well as the reverse / break now seems to work properly.  Combat remains unchanged at this point but it is probable that I need better gear on my ship to enhance combat effectiveness.  Space Combat and ship piloting are vastly improved and not a negative any longer for me.  I did notice one thing that is likely a bug and will more than likely be resolved in a future update and that is the auto pilot remains active forcing auto thrust after exiting from a jump through a gate.  The work around I found is to click back to manual before the load sequence completes when jumping from system to system.Final thoughts, I like the idea of the game and the developer appears to be responsive but I will not tell you to buy or not buy this game my only goal is to share what I have learned of it so far and my personal opinion while playing the game.  I hope this helps good luck.SiNupdated 6/8/2016:  in response to developers game update on star ship piloting. (this is a good thing thanks, Chris!)"
76561198064873856,Recommended,396680,23425624,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cian,"It's a unique space game based on social relationships. You can befriend people to get better deals (make sure you befriend your banker if you take a loan, it's a big difference) and even borrow ships if they like you enough. If you happen to have a rich family member and you can get on their good side you might be able to borrow a nice ship. You can get jobs, take on missions, and apparently even run for public office - my current char wants to be president, a big dream for a very modest start.My current character was the result of an affair between two married people. His dad wants nothing to do with him, his mom is on the other end of the solar system and also wants nothing to do with him. Both of them are unreliable. The only person who gives a crap about him at the start is his half sister who lives nearby, but she's a broke factory worker with no ship or influence. So he had to take a loan to rent a starting clunker ship and another loan to buy some valuable cargo. Flying blindly into space to find a place to make a profit, he lucked onto a good trade route and soon faced the option to buy his current ship outright, or rent a bigger ship for an exhorbitant amount per day. I went with purchasing the clunker and went off to explore with my newfound rent-free freedom.A bit rough around the edges, but it certainly has potential to be a lot of fun with post-release polish.I don't know if I would have released it in its current state, but despite the issues I find myself strangely drawn to its gameplay. I find myself playing it even with a nasty bug I'm experiencing that makes it difficult to move around in space (due to be fixed tomorrow, according to the very responsive developer).In short, it's unique. A rough gem.-Update- The bug with space flight, among many others, was fixed as promised."
76561197970625686,Recommended,396680,32282147,Posted: 8 June,all,IdleMind,"It's as if Crusader Kings 2, Space Rangers, and Dwarf Fortress had an orgy, and now no one knows who the parent is.It has the most ingenious idea for conversation modeling and social network modelling I have ever seen.  It isn't a perfectly polished or balanced thing but I'm so glad that it exists.  It feels like a successful thesis, for someone who thought deep and hard about what it would mean to create a truly dynamic world with interacting agents.  Who looked at every static, signpost NPC and fetch quest and decided to try and seriously solve it once and for all.Even if this game isn't perfect, I can pretty much guarantee that some of the ideas being shown off here are going to inspire other game developers who are trying to sove the riddle of dynamic narrative.  For me, anyway, that alone makes it worth buying."
,Recommended,396680,23719076,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,culturekills,"When I heard about this game in early June 2016 from Rock, Paper, Shotgun, described as being a meeting of Dwarf Fortress and Elite, I was very intrigued, and while I don't think it has completely lived up to that description as of yet, over the past few weeks, I've played a game which I've enjoyed and see an ambitious future for.Even at this point, the game which is starting to create some interesting stories and emergent situations within individual games. It is also an open-ended game that has some predefined suggested goals, but which also has enough freedom for the player to create their own criteria for personal victory. Let's say you pick the goal of becoming wealthy... you aren't prohibited or discouraged from pursuing other goals like political power, becoming a criminal, becoming universally well-known or any other thing you want to be in that particular iteration of the procedurally generated Solar System. With each major iteration, it seems that there are increasing ways to explore and interact with the game to create your own path to personal victory.The game is also highly moddable (I've been in and played around with a lot of the files to see what I could do), and in the near future, like Crusader Kings II and Mount & Blade: Warband lend themselves to fantasy-based conversion mods, I can see a LOT of conversion mods for a number of different sci-fi universes popping up with this game in the future.The developer is also very communicative and open to suggestions as well as being quick to deal with technical issues and as of now the game is very stable.So in short, it is fun and engaging now, and it is getting better all the time."
76561198030384427,Recommended,396680,28920437,Posted: 1 January,all,Totally Not Alpharius,"For a one man dev team you did something really special here and I hope the dev continues with this diamond in the rough.I like the focus on connections between people and how you have to use them to your advantage.This one is worth a least a go or two and I do not regret my purchase..What you can do: Form relationships and advance your career as a pirate, politcian, diplomat, naval officer.What I'd like to see: More attention on the space aspect of everything such as stations, being able to perhaps purchase or build a station(an example would be a mining station in which you can hire people to mine asteroids for profit)Overall I'd like to see the scope of the game magnified but first I'd rather the dev concentrate on getting what he has now up to snuff, the UI is good but feels clunky and there are some features that aren't in the game (player marriages, children and the like) due to some bug related to those portions of the game.Support this dev as he clearly cares enough about the game, and remember he is just one person"
76561197988374218,Recommended,396680,25407617,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,PopeUrban,"Think Dwarf fortress in space, with less fortress and more talking to dwarves.Like DF, Sol Trader generates a procedural history at the beginning of the game. Where Sol Trader differs is that it generates a massive number of NPCs, living and dead, all of whom have complex relationships and histories, and none of which you know. Figuring out those relationships and sabotaging them to mess with how NPCs see one another and you is the focus of the game. Yes there's space combat, piracy, mining, etc. but what makes Sol Trader special is its focus on who you know, what you know about them, and how you're going to use the things you know to get what you want.Character creation is the process if figuring out who you are in the universe it has generated for you, picking broadly from your lineage, skills, and most importantly, choosing your win condition. From there, its up to you how you wish to proceed.You'll probably start by developing a basic strategy based on the win condition you've selected. Decided to be president? Well, there's already a president. Maybe you want to capture the hearts and minds of the public. Maybe you want to dig up some dirt on the current president. Maybe you want to get in good with the criminal underground or the military and stage a hostile takeover. All of these things are possible, but how easy they are and which one you choose is going to be determined both by your overall game plan, and the things you discover about the people in the universe.While the UI can be confusing at times and definately needs some work, the core conversation minigame and the impressive detailed story the game generates for each and every character weaves something that's capable of generating all sorts of space epics with you at the center. Whether its your rise to political power, takeover of a pirate gang, establishing a financial juggernaut, or just getting filthy rich, the path you choose and its main characters will be determined by you, based upon who you get along with, who you investigate, who you trust, who you backstab, and who you are.If you like political thrillers and don't mind a somewhat clunky interface, its well worth the twenty bucks. It's guaranteed to generate you an endless supply for interesting scifi stories."
,Recommended,396680,30642050,Posted: 20 March,all,th0ma5,"This game is unique in that it is more about people, relationships and information gathering than a more typical space exploration or combat orientated game. There is some exploration, mining, trading and combat but so far I have been so engrossed with just meeting people and doing missions that I have yet to even shoot at anything with my space ship. The game does a great job of creating a dynamic living universe of charaters that move about from their homes and jobs to the local bars and space ports on the various planets. The portraits of the various characters are also dynamically created but often they don't differ enough to make it easy to distinguish between who is who looks-wise. More distinctive looking portraits would be nice. I would definately recommend this game if you are looking for something a little different to your typical space game."
76561198002450835,Not Recommended,396680,30040219,Posted: 19 February,all,Nutlaw,"Neat game in theory, less so in practice. The gameplay is fairly shallow and repetitive and there's a lot of waiting around either in space travel or waiting for time to pass in areas where you can't sleep. The maps are somewhat confusing (tip: there are multiple areas each with their own map) and interaction with space objects is somewhat confusing (tip: the blue text indicates a planet while the green text indicates a station that teleports you to another station. Each station usually has one local planet nearby).The background is fairly pretty, but most of the faces look exactly the same and the music is unobtrusive at best.Might be worth $5 as something to play around with to learn about the concepts, but $20 is a steep ask."
,Not Recommended,396680,30685417,Posted: 23 March,all,Paikia,"I really like the concept of this game - some sort of a career simulator in a futuristic world, with elements of economy and networking. This is what I thought I was getting into when I bought this game and started playing. However, I ended up getting very bored very quickly.To my disappointment, the game ended up being all about talking to people, getting them to trust and like you, so they ask you to do all sorts of missions for them, usually going back and forth between places or getting information about people they know. In my book, this type of game would be defined as ""a gossip simulator"". No matter where you are, the main gameplay mechanic is choosing an AI to talk to, so you can impress it in order to complete one of many boring types of missions. /yawnYou can also get a job, except the mechanism seems confusing, to say the least. Instead of getting to your work place and have some activity the game would present you as your supposed job, you have to ""get owed"" hours first, which means waiting... and waiting... and waiting... I suppose it was designed like that to let you do other things while having a job, but it just doesn't make sense to me. None of it.I suggest avoiding this game, as it hardly offers any fun, if at all. If you're really curious about it, wait for it to go on sale, and even then, I'd suggest not expecting much."
76561198103570297,Recommended,396680,25702927,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,matthew.maunder,"I had the good fortune to hear Chris Parsons (developer) deliver a talk on how not to launch a game at EGX2016. As well as the valuable information in his talk, it prompted me to come and visit the Sol Trader stand, try the game out and subsequently buy it when I got home.Sure, there's room for improvement and Chris was the first to acknowledge that, but once you appreciate the depth that the core game delivers, it's hard to be over critical.The game generates a database of more than a thousand people, generated from hundreds of (in-game) years of interactions between families of generated characters by creating a potted history for each person. But deeper than this: while the individual histories are universal in the game, each individual character is not universally aware of every fact, and it is only through interractions between characters that information is revealed and can be used for better or worse. In essence, since it generates histories for characters, it's basically procedurally generating stories based on a huge randomly seeded cast of characters in a universe where you play your part and your choices ultimately affect how characters perceive you and other characters in the game.The game isn't a 3D, voiced, open world if that's the kind of game you're looking for, but rather well presented panels of information about characters, planets, ships, tasks etc, interpersed with 2D space navigation, mining and combat when in a ship. If you don't like text-heavy games, this might not be the one for you, but if you appreciate seemingly autonomous universes with rabbit-hole-like depth, you should definitely give this a try.Looking forward to seeing what future updates (and future games) bring."
,Recommended,396680,27867021,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Corporal Hicks,"Very cool concept and design.  The interplay between NPCs is groundbreaking in my experience.  Don't let 'mixed reviews' deter you, this is worth playingif it seems at all interesting to you!  Looking forward to further development, I'm hooked!"
,Recommended,396680,27193573,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lothartvni,Interesting concept. It's not that difficult to get into a situation where you are stuck though. I got a game where I started out in a place where there were only 2 other people neither of which had missions they were willing to give me and no one would answer requests to come meet me so I could borrow a ship.I could challenge an 8 year old to a drinking competition and arm wrestling though so that was pretty cool.
76561198050428423,Recommended,396680,23420169,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dcsmall,"Really interesting game, very niche. Focuses on who you know and what you know about them and selling information to the highest bidder for your own personal gain.I'd give the game 8/10 - People portraits are limited meaning you could see the same face in a lot of peoples potraits.The game has flight exploration to other planets to meet other people and to use them against each other.I haven't played too much into it yet, but so far it's been very enjoyable and the detail for background on everybody is amazing to say the least. Well worth the price."
76561198012838578,Recommended,396680,23515041,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,tim.bruls,"This game got my interest piqued shortly after I first got wind of its development. And that curiosity is still there, but as of yet not completely satisfied by the game. It is a bit rough around the edges and at points misses depth. However, the dev is extremely active in both the community and churning out daily new builds. That, in my opinion is a very big plus and a sign that the game is moving in the right direction.I keep coming back to the game and my story in it because the game, for me, scratches the itch of actually being a person within a sci-fi world.I would, in it's current state, recommend buying it, IF, and only IF you are willing to give the dev some feedback and if you can bring up some patience in him bringing the game to the next level. Jumping in to this as a completely finished, polished and bug-free title is just not the way it is."
,Recommended,396680,23534089,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Johnnyonoes,"Sol Trader is a unique indie sci-fi game that mashes together what you would expect from a sci-fi game of this sort (trade, pirating, mining) with a very unique relationship game that focus on how people perceive you.Strengths:* The relationships are the strongest aspect of the game, no other game takes the feeling that you get when playing mafia with friends where what you say and what they perceive you doing is more important than what you actually are or do.* Trade and resource gathering, while simple is very enjoyable. Buying resources from one planet and shipping it over to another planet, while meeting people along the way is very unique.* The game really makes you feel like a detective, finding dirt and gossip is very unique to this game. Having to track who is friends with who, leads to a very intricate web of information that you need to sift through to get the juicy details.* The dev working on Sol Trader is a beast, with new builds being shipped out every day since it has been released. He is very open to new ideas for the game, and it feels like this game is going to really shine after a few months.Weaknesses:* Relaying information and small talk can be cumbersome after some time playing the game. Your listing of information can get extremely long, and having to scroll through it with each conversation can be tiresome. - This Weakness has been resolved as of 6/14/2016, watch the video in the comments to see how the dev squashed the old interface with brand new filtering and sorting options!!!!* The game is a bit shallow at this point in time, where getting a job means very little, not a lot to spend money on. You don't feel as if you can make a big impact on the wonderful simulation that is happening in the background.* There is a steep learning curve in the beginning of the game, where it is tough to determine what is doing what to your perception.Overall, I would really suggest this game for someone that is looking for a thinking man's scifi game. Combat may take a backseat, but the relationship systems in place make for a very interesting and unique experience.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZ2lnb2n4uM&feature=youtu.be"
76561198011810582,Recommended,396680,23453466,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Buffy,"It's quite intriguing, however not very stable or fun to play yet. But the developer is trying his best and he is listening to the people playing it. I honestly want to support him with this review. I'm sure this game will be hugely enjoyable one day :)"
,Recommended,396680,23441744,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,One Million Pants,"1.2 update:The game is really improved since this update. I can redouble my recommendation, as it were!Conversations are MUCH better now, with a really rather pretty UI. The only thing lacking on the social side is immersive, which is a key problem with the game itself: there is a lack of sense of impact on the world. But that is with a big caveat: you do have a big impact on the CHARACTERS in that world.You get fun stories, too, like the time my character, 18 years of age, borrowed his mother's ship to do some trading. He managed to build up some money over the course of a few weeks, and, feeling bolder, went off to do a spot of mining. Found gold, too. Lovely! Oh look, there's grandma! Hi grandma!GRANDMA STOP SHOOTING ME OMGSo it turns out grandma is a mob boss and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then half of my family get mad at me because I shot at grandma, and she told them that, but neglected to mention she was trying to kill me at the time, and the other half hate her because I told them that she shot at me but didn't mention my shooting at her...Eheh.So. Lots of fun. And, still, much, much, *much* potential for more. The dev is also still very helpful and, unless I'm mistaken, clearly quite ""involved""/""invested"" in this game, which is good. :)----I'd still like to love this game... and I very nearly can. It's got a special something about it that made me come back even though I disliked a lot about it immediately after starting playing; partly this is acknowledgement that getting launch right is difficult for the big players and even harder for indie developers.So. How is it a little bit AFTER launch, and after some TLC by the dev (as pointed out in his response to this review)?It's pretty good. Flight is much improved, and, one or two ""gamebreaking"" bugs that I'd noticed (and didn't actually overtly refer to in my review as frankly I didn't want to be even more negative than I already was) have now gone away. This quick response is exactly what I would've hoped for, and makes me feel like I can change my review wholesale. Not only that, I'm going to go much more in-depth, because it's nicer to be nice than it is to be unpleasant!So. My main thoughts, listified:1. I like the ship mechanics. They are simple, evocative of space, and work really well. What I don't like is the background; it is half static and half mobile, and this reminds me of old Psygnosis games... but not quite in a good way. The background is too busy and calls too much attention to itself and this harms the immersion of the thing as a whole. Space shouldn't look quite this noisy & being this noisy is problematic because it draws attention to the fact that there is in fact a very limited vista! But on the other hand...2. Very few design decisions are poor ones. The game is a little click-heavy at times but partly this is likely due to too little testing, something which is common to small development teams. Now the game is ""out in the wild"", it's entirely possible this is an area that can be improved on with much greater feedback RE clickflow. Not really my area but I can tell it needs improvement. I really do like the UI, however. It is pretty, functional, and relatively minimal. No bloat.3. The writing is solid but needs work. Of course, as you can probably tell from my gargantuan block of text, writing IS my area, so I'm always going to be most critical here. But this is where mods may come in. I may even make one or two myself.4. Story. This game is great for it. I found myself creating little stories from the conversations, which, although still shallow and to me somewhat unrewarding, do provide roleplay hooks. I can even see having fun with this game as a group. Albeit, admittedly, a highly nerdy group. Unfortunately as I said before, there's not much depth here really, but this is again something that may improve over time either with mods or with future features added by the developer, who seems very responsive to the community thus far.5. Immersion. It's quite good for it. The sound effects are simple but work well, and the music is very, very, very pretty. I'm happy to leave it running in the background.Conclusion: I'm changing my not recommended to a recommend, but with a caveat. This game may not be what you want. It may not quite be what you think it's going to be. But I think you'll at least get 10-20 hours of fun out of it, and I think I will too, so I can't do anything BUT recommend it. :) That said some of my original complaints do still stand: there are real issues with how career and everything else hooks together; some things do not entirely make sense to me in terms of design. But I'm now confident that either these things can be fixed in the future or otherwise are not too problematic.I'll leave my original review below for fairness and balance.---""I'd like to love this game but I can't, because it doesn't work properly.Flight mechanics are totally broken.Career progression makes zero sense because it is utterly divorced from everything else. In fact, that's true of many game systems; things do not connect together, at all. The focus is entirely on conversations, and those are puddle-shallow. Since the conversations supposedly drive you towards goals, this is a bit of a problem, because the goals are utterly meaningless. Become president? Well... that just involves making someone like you enough to suggest you should get the job. That makes no sense whatsoever.Missions are absurd; they often involve finding people, which could be a fun mechanic, but often just involves more tedious repetitions of the same conversations 1,000 times until you realise the person you're looking for is in fact just repeatedly circling in space, doing nothing, infinitely. Until you fail the mission. Then they land. Yay?Essentially: this game is either not finished or it is very, very, very bad. It could be very, very, very good. It isn't yet. It probably won't be. But I still quite like the premise. Fingers crossed, I guess? But no recommend as of now."" ~ 8 June, original review"
,Recommended,396680,25546765,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,vanar sena,"The effort that has been put into generating the characters, their stories and family trees is impressive, and comparisons to Dwarf Fortress are honestly earned. Unfortunately, our interaction with this painstakingly generated society doesn't feel quite done yet.Most non-ship activities are based around a conversation mini-game that is equal parts innovative and monotonous, in the sense that I enjoy doing it, but not quite as much as the game demands. The opportunities that open up from making friends are fun, but I'd like to see this taken further (eg player partnerships, marriages, divorces etc).The non-conversation parts of the game aren't well fleshed out yet. I would rate the ship/trade-centric bits as roughly similar to Endless Sky, Transcendence and any number of other such games. Maybe this isn't seen by the devs as an important part of the gameplay, but I would disagree. I would love for the space-shippery to be more compelling than it is.I have mixed feelings about recommending this game, because in a lot of ways it feels like an Early Access game (without the egregious bugs though, which is an important distinction). But it looks to me like the developers are responsive and still working hard on it, and decent modding support looks to be appearing soon.So in summary: it's worth having a look at for the things it's trying (and sometimes succeeding) to do, but don't expect too much right now. Buy it on sale."
76561198000853001,Not Recommended,396680,23443814,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Unkillable Cat,"I love the concept of this one, but the game itself falls very flat in the delivery.For it to work two things are vital;The dialog needs to be worthwhile, after all its a game about ""Who you know"" The social aspect however makes fallout 4 seem verbose. You socialise by clicking on canned, recycled options. Most of the time its "" I know *name*"" and thats about it. Theres no conversations taking place, no getting to know a well developed personality.  Great idea, poor delivery.The other is the space part of the game. This is just as bad if not worse than the social aspect. The controls are on par with asteroids, you either spin in place, or zoom off too quickly to control. The brake seems to somehow make you go faster. There is also a complete lack of any kind of map.I really wish that I could recomend this one, as the idea is fantastic, but as I said, the actual game born from it, is at best, boring and clunky."
,Recommended,396680,23431889,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jordan,"The game, in it's current state, is unique and fun to play. It crashes more often than I'd like, especially considering that it's no longer in Beta, but the developer seems to be very active and set on fixing everything as fast as possible. He said on the main website forums that there is already an update coming out today - only one day after release.The mining and trading parts of the game feel like mini-games that compliment the heavily emphasized social part of the game well. Although I haven't yet experienced much combat or explored very much so that might change.Keeping track of who is who is difficult at first but gets easier as you become accustomed to each different menu - which really doesn't take very long. The game makes it easier by allowing you to rename yourself, other people, and ships. You can also 'Pin' specific people and planets for quick access.The exploration part of the game, especially the HUD elements, are very well done and the 2D environment looks great.I haven't played enough to really write a thorough review so I will probably come back to this review later after investing more time into the game.==================================Some things to note:It's not an RPG. At least not the type of RPG where you level up and have a bunch of skills to increase and perks and stuff like that. If that's what you're looking for you may want to pass on this game.There are no graphics options except for fullscreen/windowed and there seems to be some type of adaptive V-SYNC on by default. You can probably turn that off with your GPU control panel.As far as I can tell there is no way to manually save the game without exiting to the menu. There is an autosave feature which saves your game about every 10 minutes. It doesn't take long to save and exit then reload your save but a quicksave feature would be nice.There aren't any Steam Achievements (at least not yet)==================================Overall, I r8 8/8 m8s. Give it a try."
76561198061068406,Recommended,396680,24243462,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ws1301,"This is a hard game to review. It is in alot of ways groundbreaking, matter of fact that is what had drawn me toward it. But after investing alot of play time, its got alot of rough edges.First off, kudos to the dev who is active both on the forums and with updates. Huge plus in my book and the major reason for the positive review. In truth overall while I wouldn't not recommend the game, I wouldn't strongly recommend it either. Its a very nitch catagory.Its almost like a open generated create your own story novel, with aspects of RPG, space sim, and economics thrown in. It's a very strange combination. Refreshing from the same old, same old.... but, not nessisarily better this time around.Basically you generate a universe and timeline with a bunch of people, choose some random ones as your parents, pick some aspects of your life growing up before then. An boom! There you go. Now choose an aspiration (get rich, become president, become a pirate) all can range from laughably easy to damn near impossible based on your choices in parents and development. Then your cut loose, with or without a ship. Many times without a job (the jobs don't pay currently anyway (they might in the future)). An left to achieve your goal on your own. Parents and family are suprisingly useless after you have been born. Typically they are not even worth talking to, generally speaking you just go out and get the best ""job"" you can, and do ""favors"" for your boss and co-workers that pays money. Talk to other people in other places about how good you are for a better job, do better favors, get better money. Rinse wash and repeat.Unfortunately there is alot of repeat.Combat is like asteroids but not in a good way. You can make money trading, but you typically need to fly cargo ships to max that out and that's a pain in the rear. Mining is tedious as you need lots of money for good weapons to afford to mine good in the first place, perfect catch 22.An there's alot of problems (which in all honesty the dev has been very receptive toward and is fixing). People tend to quit jobs or get killed and then nobody ever works in that company again. Sometimes it's impossible to get hired as the manager has died and there is no process to replace him. Also I've seen issues were I quit starfleet and my former co-workers decide they want to kill me now for working elsewhere (old save might be addressed).Look its a really interesting take on a new genre. But in alot of ways I am hoping the dev goes for Sol Trader 2, and expands on this concept. With a few more options and expansions this game could really be amazing. To be honest this game should have been released in early access, but I think the dev didn't like that idea. But the reality is, it kinda is still early access. With future updates and content promised, the game is still evolving."
,Not Recommended,396680,30689707,Posted: 23 March,all,Fenloki,"Let’s start by saying that I love trading games and I really love games that use social actions instead of violence to achieve ones’ goals.So, SOL TRADER sounds perfect!No.I tried...I really tried to like this game.but at this stage in its development I can’t in good faith, recommend nor endorse this game.After a few hours of trying to learn-on-the-fly I resorted to watching the only YouTube tutorial which was by the developer as he played the game and EVEN HE IS LOST!!!This is a game of many questions, namely;""What I am I supposed to do?"",""Where should I be going?"",""Where is that bloody person I was just talking to-OMG THEY LEFT THE PLANET AND I DON’T HAVE A SHIP AND NOW I CAN’T FINISH THIS STUPID MISSION?"",“Why does this person hate everything I want to talk about?”,""Why am I playing this?""nothing is intuitive,nothing is motivated for,I had more fun when I wasn’t playing this game..This game hates its players.1/10"
76561197993565293,Recommended,396680,23474688,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,m0rk,"I am excited to see where this one goes.  Currently, it is a bit of a mess.  Luckily, the sole developer is banging out a new release everyday to crush as many bugs as he reasonably can.  It is good to see his personal investment continues after release.The concept of ""Dwarf Fortress in space"" is a really cool one, I like that the game generates 200 years of history, so the universe could theoretically be very fleshed out.  My hope is that all the systems (social interaction, space flight, combat, etc.) get more dialed in as the game is played by a larger audience."
76561198068655492,Recommended,396680,24483449,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LipsofKraken,"Sol Trader is still a work in progress, but it shows alot of promise and is enjoyable in its current state. If you enjoy roleplaying and/or space sims, check it out."
76561197991587929,Recommended,396680,33323452,Posted: 6 July,all,Tim,"Sol Trader is a fantastic little gem of a game!I've played enough now that I think I can give my opinion, though I know there's lots more to discover about the game as I go.I recently picked this up after eyeing it for a long while and I'm super glad I did. The dev is a super nice guy and really responsive to people, listens and does his best to make the game a great experience. I've been blown away by it so far and I think you should give it a chance because it really is quite fun.It's tricky to get into and figure out what to do, and how things work but once you get the hang of it (watch a couple tutorials), it's great fun. It's a space game with a major focus on relationships and achieving your goals with the help of many of those relationships. If you make friends and have contacts in many places, it can open many doors for you. If you anger everyone along the way and people don't trust you, you might have to resort to brute force to get your way. It's really open ended that way and you have a unique family history in every game you play, meaning you could come from a really poor family, or a super famous family (one of my games I was the presidents son).There's lots of missions for those who want to start out with renting a ship and doing local missions, or trade goods and make some coins. There's also a variety of careers and professions you can partake of, starting at the bottom rung and working your way up over time to start to make some decent money. You can also become a mining giant if you want to, or an engineer and be great at crafting. It just depends on what style you want to play. There's many places and cities to visit, lots to do in them and lots of people to be friends with and more!There are also a variety of different ships to suit your needs and parts to help those ships be better so that it makes your career choices go much easier. If you decide to be a pilot for instance, a fast warship will really help you out as you keep the peace in the cosmos! Or if you want to be a trading guru, you can get yourself a giant ship that holds tons of cargo and make some serious coin on a run from place to place!I am excited to see what else Chris will add in over time and how the gameplay will develop. Overall, it's a great game that you should definitely not miss out on! Ignore the few bad reviews, give it a chance and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.I am happy to give this a 8.5/10 and if Chris adds back in the marraige/kids system and more, then I will be upping that overall as well!Please do pick this up and help support a great developer and a great guy!"
,Recommended,396680,34041361,Posted: 5 August,all,Challak,"Few experiences deliver anything as unique and fascinating as Sol Trader.It boasts one of the most elaborate character relationship systems I've ever seen. I'd love to see how it could be deepened by making characters feel like they're a little more than who and what they know, but honestly that's just me wanting a good thing to be even better.This game delivers exactly what it set out to do: a fresh take on character relationships built on an impressively complex system of social politics and intergalactic networking."
76561198075821595,Not Recommended,396680,32521269,Posted: 17 June,all,cellophanity,"This review is for v1.3 which I have played for over 50 hrs now.  I liked the concept alot and was very interested in the random gen of characters in a sci-fi world.  The results however, are awkward and flawed gameplay that causes difficulty in completing missions or achieving goals.  I started my char at age 18 and hope than when I replay at 25 I will get better results, but in the game I played most of the businesses in most of the cities has nobody working in them EVER. Since my chosen lifetime goal was to visit every city in the solar system, this became impossible when nobody ever showed up for work at either of the Outer Alliance Embassies I found. I even tracked them down in the bars, the people who had the embassy jobs and befriended them and even became intimate with one so I could try to use the MEET ME btn that lights up when your close enough to someone. So, I went to the embassy he worked at and told him to meet me and his button greyed out and said that he got my request and he never showed up and his button stayed stuck in greyed out inactive mode no matter how many time I chatted with him afterwards.  I have had similiar problems getting and selling things since usually there is no one working at those businesses either. I have revisited the cities with the embassies for 50 hrs now with no one EVER being there. This make my chosen goal impossible.  So, I proceeded to do mining and other things, buying new ships and trading ore and amassing a ton of money, doing a ton of favour missions for people. I have also had a problem with any passenger missions since I cant seem to get anyone to follow me and get on the ship in order to transport them anywhere.   So, my feedback is that random generation without enough EXCEPTIONS or controls to set a functional enviroment that enables easy play, IS A BAD IDEA.  Having nobody working in places that a player needs to access to achieve goals because the game randomly gave those jobs to characters who like to drink all day and dont want to work...  THIS IS BAD.  These glitches that make the game very clunky and awkward to play could be fixed and I hope they will be.. but I see the developer is off to make a new game so I guess we are stuck with this flawed game that is not really worth buying, unless you like frustration.Added after further play:More problems...  You cant get anyone to follow you on passenger missions, if you get killed and eject to a planet, then try to talk to anyone anywhere you get a error/crash and cant play the game anymore.  If you kill the pirate that is attacking you, and anyone finds out about the incident, you get a huge Morality penalty and everyone on that planet soon thinks your a scoundrel for defending yourself, If you befriend the wrong person you get a huge morality penalty and everyone thinks your a scoundrel simply for knowing the wrong person,  the autosave overwrites any saves the player has made and you cant get back to previous saves so you get stuck with a horrible event and cant go back to a previous time.  All of these problems combined make gameplay very frustrating."
,Recommended,396680,23529855,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,HIVFREESINCE93,"Overall this game is an interesting concept, with a flawed delivery.  It's very Dwarf Fortressesque which is what drew me to the game.  The game deliveries the generated history decently.  Gameplay is kinda confusing, but fun once you get it down and figure out what to do.  Really the biggest complaint is the price tag.  This is a very good game if you can get it for 2.50-10.00 but the 20 dollar bid on it is really steep for a somewhat cloggy indie game.  I'm recommending it, but only if you can snag it on sale."
76561198028141581,Not Recommended,396680,25695785,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bonjovina,"I like complicated strategy, trading and politics but the interface is really annoying to navigate.  Confusing to keep track of quests, people you know etc.  I put some time into it and then realized it was just work, no satisfaction."
76561198152940002,Not Recommended,396680,24462885,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Daedalus89,"I'll start off by pointing out that I only played it for about a half hour, and for some, that may not be enough time to form a solid opinion on the game, so take it as you will.The concept looked really interesting to me, so full marks to the developer for that, but its delivery didn't impress me much.The interface is a bit confusing. Yes, there is a tutorial that will teach you the ins and outs, but it wasn't very dynamic.Perhaps the biggest dealbreaker was that all the dialogue and information about each person is all kind of the same.""Zaphod Beeblebrox has legendary strength""""Arthur Dent doesn't really seem interested.""Few variations on a theme. Like, 10 people profiled on the loading screen had legendary strength. How can something be legendary if a significant portion of the population has that same trait? But I digress.I could have lived with the interface if the game had more personality and heart. That's what it really needs. Some repetition is forgivable, but the developer really needs to get more variations out there. Think of Watch Dogs, when you're wandering around, looking at each pedestrian's mini-profile. Sure there's some repetition. I once walked down the street and found like, three people who are working at a soup kitchen.But there's lots of humour and drama injected into it. I get that it's a different genre and that kind of detail is a lot of work, but that's just one example of the kind of life that Sol Trader really needs in order to stand out.Maybe I'll come back and give it another shot when I see some changes. It's a promising idea, but it feels empty right now."
,Not Recommended,396680,23627898,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,CgBahamut1,"I can not recomend this game in its current state. I played around with it for a few hours and got really bored with it. There is not much to do in the game. I basicly sat at a minning node for about 3 hours and bought a really good ship, and thats about all there was to do. The conversations are lame, and don't really seem to serve any reason to progress the relationships with the npcs in the game. I have encountered a few bugs in the game, but nothing to serious. But really this game should have been released in early access. I might try it out again at a later date if there is some serious content updates done for the game."
76561197976751145,Not Recommended,396680,23429068,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Jayne Cobb,"The idea had me very, very intrigued. But I'm not well-versed in my PC enough to tweak it for games more glitchy than a Bethesda RPG. Couldn't play a consecutive 5 minutes.Edit: have not tried since new update. May be all better now. If so, would be excellent game. Try it out. I will again soon."
,Not Recommended,396680,25797831,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Vlad_1492,"Nope.9 hours seems a fair trial. Spent almost all of it trying to find a decent cargo to haul.It feels like this is some kind of training system for aspies, teaching how to perform 'conversation'The routine gets old fast."
