user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198092305145,Recommended,396650,24978161,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,420JA3G3R,">Start game. All the characters are likable and well written. Couldn't decide on which girl to date.>Took too long, and best girl fell in love with my best friend.>Even in visual novels I end up single and alone.>420/10 would be reminded of my place in life again"
,Recommended,396650,25683272,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,atro city,"If you ever wanted a visual novel where you can troll the hell out of everyone in it, look no further. ACE Academy is a western VN with a lot of humor and English voice acting (that manages to not be terrible). I have to be honest, the first playthrough I wasn't that impressed. I chose the sensible, serious dialog options and found it to be an average slice-of-life story with a pretty disappointing ending.Then for the next playthrough I went full-on troll mode and it got way better. Humor is the biggest reason you should pick up ACE Academy. It had me laughing out loud many times, and that's enough to forgive it for its flaws (lackluster ending, some unvoiced dialog, minor characters are represented by silhouettes, etc.).In summary, there is a dialog choice that says ""Swiggity swooty, I'm coming for that booty."" I think that says it all."
76561198049001613,Recommended,396650,33901467,Posted: 30 July,all,Jumpydoll,"+ Main cast are standard anime tropes, but likeable+ Several girls to get your dating sim on, and thus replay value+ You are not the center of the universe (see below)+ Number of enjoyable, selectable scenes to get to know the characters+ Quality of CGs and sprites, it's a ""cute"" game+ Interesting setting and good world-buildingo Combat is infrequent and bland enough to be unnecessaryo Reused backgrounds and silhouettes for many side characterso Forgettable but passable soundtrack- Many story elements feel rushed and half-baked (see below)- Voice acting, particularly for secondary characters, is weak- Far too many pop culture references that will age the game terriblyACE Academy is tough for me to review. There's plenty to like about it, but it's clear that it's PixelFade's first effort, and suffers from its original episodic release. I assume the latter was a budgetary requirement to raise more funds through Early Access, but it's probably responsible for some pacing and focus issues.First, I will elaborate on the ""pro"" above: you are not the center of the universe. You can pursue a variety of romance options, and beyond that choose which friends you spend free time with. I was pleasantly surprised to find that characters I didn't pursue still clearly had a life outside of the game's scenes. Girl who hit on me constantly that I rebuffed? She got another boyfriend. Standoffish teammate that I avoided until the end? All the while she was working at a daycare and has a heart of gold.Now, the ""con,"" which ties into my point about PixelFade and the episodic release. Story elements, like a big, brewing conspiracy and the fate of your family, are repeatedly teased and then tied up far too quickly and cleanly. There's some build up, but no climax, no payoff. So why include them at all, really? I suspect as they released episodes the game expanded in ways PixelFade didn't plan, and came to a point where their limited resources required they call it finished. So they did... but it's not satisfying. This seems to happen even with bigger-name episodic games, like Life is Strange. It is simply hard to maintain quality and cohesion this way.Steam tags call this an ""RPG,"" but ACE isn't and by trying to be (with a kind-of ""story arc"" and characters ""classes""), it dilutes itself. In actuality it is ""slice of life"" and should have embraced that. Drop the abortive mystery and rivalry and just be about a schoolboy and his friends. As written, this practically begs for a continuation or sequel that seems unlikely. That's too bad, because the bones of a really compelling VN are here. I would love to learn more about GEARs and how they define people's lives. I would love to keep following these characters and their relationships beyond the beginning stage (but that's a general gripe for too many VNs).But still, I do recommend ACE Academy, maybe with the caveat of waiting for a sale. If you like VNs (and if you're reading this, you very likely do), I believe this game will be enjoyable, but not mind-blowing, for you. It was good enough on its own merits, and has me interested in PixelFade's further work. Apparently in their next game, Crystalline, there is only one love interest for the main character that will be relatively complicated and fleshed-out. That's a very promising direction in today's mile-wide, inch-deep world of dating sims."
,Recommended,396650,26587699,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ev0lutionz,"Wow. So, this one came in as a complete surprise. I didnt expect much when i bought it, but boy was I wrong.TL;DR:Pros:Intriguing StoryGood, genuinly funny writingTons of choices, that also have an impactUnique and likeable charactersFully voice-actedDecent lengthNice Artstyle & SoundtrackCons:Abrupt, unsatisfying endingMinor: Artwork occasionally gets re-usedIn Detail:Pixelfade. Never heard of that Developer before, nor about the game itself. So I expected a pretty run-of-the-mill Visual Novel...This was not what I got.The CharactersThe character cast in ACE Academy was great across the board for me. The romancable characters are unique and differ heavily from each other, but all of them are very likeable.Other characters such as your best friend, or your little sister etc. are just as loveable.The Dynamic between them is great and the game manages to convey a real sense of belonging. You feel like a real part of the group.The StoryThe Story is what I would probably classify as mildly interesting. That doesnt mean it's bad, far from it. For a VN it's actually rather intriguing and does the job well enough.It's nothing revolutionary, but compared to a lot of other VN I would say it is above average.RomancesNow as mentioned before there are 4 romancable characters.Each of them has unique traits but all of them have very rewarding and heartwarming moments in their respective routes.Through the excellent writing the progression of these romantic relationships also feels pretty natural and not forced.Game Length & ChoicesAfter doing all the routes I capped at roughly 20 hours. Now, I will not lie, I didnt really check my playtime after I first reached the ending , but it should last you a good 10 hours.However that is only if you play through it once, there are a lot of reason to play through it several times.At the start of the game you name your MC and select 1 out of 3 personality types. Depending on your type you will get unique dialogue choices as well as different outcomes in some events.In additon to that you also have the above mentioned different romances that I encourage you to explore.Lastly this game throws a ton of choices at you from the get go.Some may just slightly alter a dialogue, but there are also a lot that affect the story and that have actual impact.One important thing that I'd like to mention here is, that you also have the choice to be a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥You may end up alone doing so, but hey - you can!The Ending(Spoilerfree)Without revealing too much - The ending is very sudden. I expected at least 1 or 2 hours more before reaching it.Alas the story came to a ""close"" pretty quickly. Now I say ""close"" because it is somewhat of an open ending.That's the only real gripe I have with it.Overall:It's funny, has great characters and gives the player a lot of choice, but the ending is a bit of a letdown.I'd say if you have an interest in VN this game is worth full-price. On a sale I would lable it as a must-have without hesitation.Kaori is best girl!About the Developer:I do want to take a minute to write about the developer. As mentioned above, I didn't know about them before.But because the game was so enjoyable I checked them out a bit (mostly to see if and when part 2 is coming out) and I was very pleasently surprised.Originally only 2 romancable characters were planned. 1 more was added before the Kickstarter stretchgoal was reached and another one was changed to also be romancable due to popular demand.I also checked out a dev stream they hosted and they seemed genuinly passionate about what they were doing.I'm writing this for 2 reasons;I like what I found out about them. Listening to customer feedback is really important in my opinion and that is what they are doing. I dig that, and I want them to be successfull.The ACE universe is much bigger than what is in the first game. But currently there are no plans for a Sequel.That's a nono! I want them to get more money and make the sequel happen! Do it!"
,Recommended,396650,30519583,Posted: 14 March,all,servermarlo,"So I was looking for Visual Novels on Steam which are on sale (Everyone wants sales) then I came across this VN. I didn't deem it as something good because it was on sale and probably because I never heard of it before add to that it was made in the west. So my expectations were set to low and I played the game to basically laugh at how terrible it might be. Then it happened 2 hours in and I can't get the game off of my mind. The characters are too damn good, the interactions are superb, there are a plethora of choices and scenarios to see and of course the protagonist is realistic. I'm not a fan of Mech and the future but this is an exception. An exceptionaly, wonderful VN for those lost in the dangerous seas that is called VN hell. I finally found something I'd read 'til the end. Simply amazing, no amount of praise can amount to the light I saw yesterday."
76561198047609043,Recommended,396650,18631214,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Loli Princess,"It's the weaboo dream of all times:-You're a ""Mecha Fighter"" (Forgot the actual name of the thingy, something with Cenorobotics)-Going from AMERICA to GLORIOUS JAPAN-You have a cute little sister-Blonde and White, masterace-You have a Japanese Uncle-Transferred from filthy gaijin lowly American robot Hustle Insitute, to superior, honorable and mighty Japanese Academy for robot Fighting and Sushi-Making.-Friends and Rivals are basically living sterotypes of japanese manga and anime-You understand Japanese to Perfection! That or every japanese can speak fluent english-Fast and Shiny Motorcycle to impress Asian Babes!-You will experience the most cliched protagonist lucky twists of fate, in the most anime way possible-Your best Japanese Friend is a carbon copy of Yosuke ""Brosuke"" Hanamura, but instead of partner he calls you Broseph-You can say, Bro, no homo-Ceonardo DiLaprio deserves at least 5 MoscarsThat's All, and boy, we still have 4 episodes to go!What a day to be alive"
76561198065309932,Recommended,396650,22470407,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Priestie,"Literally one of the best VN’s ive ever played.  The voice acting is done VERY well, high quality, everyone is voiced except for the protagonist even side/background characters. This game proves that English voice acting can absolutely work despite in VNs despite the highbrow subtitle snobs POV insisting on Japanese subtitles! Pacing is great, lots of choices that seem to matter, interesting characters, very cool anime slice of lifeish plot, mecha… I mean ya its got everything.I could try to explain why this game rocks, but honestly, the easiest way I can say that this game has earned its very positive rating is that…. I basically got the game for free way back when it was offered in beta.  And I just went and bought the game in the store even though I own it already.  This game is well worth the price, if your any kinda anime nerd snatch it up."
,Recommended,396650,19670995,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,It says you're a HERETIC!,"Great VN! One of the greatest VN on steam, devs put many nice jokes and references, many (and i mean MANY!) dialog choices, but those choices make no big difference. Basically those choices help you create your own personality of mc. And there's 3 types of ""specializations"" which gives you different choices in some dialogs.pros:+Nice art+Many choices in dialogs+Somehow, it feels fresh (maybe just for me)+3 types of ""specializations""+Humor+""YOLO!"" (you'll know what i mean)+Standart, but not annoying types of girls (I liked even tsundere (I HATE TSUNDERE!))+In some dialogs, you must react fast, and pick the right choise before time ends+-It feels like incest is will be an option later on (personaly, I like that) (confirmed by devs!)+-Obvious route choicescons:+-Obvious route choices+-It feels like incest is will be an option later on. (confirmed by devs!)-standart types of girls-You can see some plot twists from miles awayThat's all I can think of right now.This VN worth the price."
76561198029263636,Recommended,396650,22482489,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Great Ricktator,"I had my eye on this one for a while but as always when it came to Early Access games, I was little wary, but a sale convinced me to invest in this little gem, and in hindsight the full price would have totally been worth it now that I have spent some time playing it. The artwork is beautiful, there is actual English voice acting which is pretty rare among VNs, the music does an excellent job of setting the mood for scenes, and there are plenty of choices to make unlike some of the others out there.Overall what I've played has been good thus far, and I look forward to seeing what the devs add in the future."
76561197979402731,Recommended,396650,19452789,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zatio,"Great VN one of the few good ones on steam, tho its still unfinished at the momment. [03.12.2015]So far i love the game, not a fan of the combat as that is not what i want in a VN but its not bad.I like all of the characters, allot of good humor and plenty of dialog options something allot of new VN lack.Personally like the story, good music and great voice acting.What more do you need in a VN?Worth the price 10/10Episode 4 update:So the combat has changed into a simple quick time event witch i defintly like better then the old combat system, has crash issues so restarted the game and finished this whole game in about 12 hours after picking one girl.Episode 4 has allot of crash issues but i managed to still have a good time, the ending was okay but would have liked a after school ending included seeing as there is less likely to be a continue on this games story line.Current down sides 07.08.2016Minor crash issues.Some missing audio dialog"
,Recommended,396650,33336739,Posted: 7 July,all,Cloudsong,"Probably the best visual novel I have ever played, though I'm not a dedicated fan of the genre. Extensive and well casted voice acting but some lines are voiced differently compared to the displayed text. Excellent music by Christopher Escalanate --- really good stuff. The story itself is intriguing and doesn't feel constricting despite the dating aspects which slowly evolve after a few hours. Essentially you are an american student who transfers to a japanese mech school. The story takes place in the future but doesn't over-emphasize the setting over human interaction and conditioning. Some of the dialogue choices can be extremely funny and a joy to choose, while the music and sound design (and lots of sound overall) continue to immerse as you go. Spoken dialogue, sound in general and story will really impress. Picked this up on a sale and have really enjoyed playing it so far. Again, this is a visual novel so gameplay is minimal - for players new to the genre it is essentially a voice-acted comic book, albeit a great one. The music, sound-design and characters will keep you playing and anxious to experience what's next."
,Recommended,396650,26460559,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,exSpectrum,"This VN is out for earning spot in VN's Top 10 of all time. It had all the tools to be great and it has used those properly.This game is awesome. It even made me write my first review after being on steam for several years and playing tons of games.For those, who don't get its superiority, I will list the best sided of it:- voice acting - none of the voices feels out of place, they suit characters really well and make it wonderful experience;- character - they are just amazing. You can find the cliches if you are hunting for them. But that just means you are being stupid. This game has the perfect development of the character which is all based on your choices... which are MANY!- choices are everywhere. You can be total jerk. You can be the nicest person on earth. You can be whoever you want and the world will React hillariously!- all those little things - where else will you find a VN that lets you customize the main character's personality. Where else would you find so many off-route dialogs, memes, real life references.- no hentai, no perverted stuff. It is a BIG plus. Most of the games, who fall for the 18+ stuff lose a lot in plot and the characters. There can be no romance and intrigue, if all you are waiting for at one point is moar boobs (and boops). I recall the humor and the plot from Rance e.g. But when you compare, it becomes way more funnier and pure when no perverted stuff is involved.- the story. It is not that big and complex. And it leaves an open ending. But it is real. You can imagine such things happenning in real life. And that's as awesome as it's rare for any VN.- Yuuno. I just love her.- developers. They are just awesome. They care. I wish I could work with those guys.10/10 - Highly Recommendedbest novel of all time (until Crystaline comes out, probably)"
76561198120928428,Recommended,396650,17988238,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,LordLaverna,"This is a really good first look at what this game will give us in the future, I'm not going to lie I was really hesitant to even buy this due to the changes that it went through in development such as the name change from Kendo Crush to ACE Academy and the genre change from a modern day high school and a 3rd person perspective to a futurisitic high school in a 1st person perspective but I'm glad that I bought this as it is really entertaining.I really like the characters personalities, voice acting and design, the story is fun to read through with all the different references stuck in throughout to show the comedy and the conversations the other characters have such as Shou and Kaori's arguements. The battles are simpistic but fun and, for me personally, were panic enducing wondering what button will show up next. After saying all this I have to say once again that this experience was (and hopefully will continue to be when the other episodes get released) enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,396650,32797951,Posted: 25 June,all,SSparks,"WARNING: PROBABLY CONTAINS SPOILERS----I had been interested in this VN since I saw it on early alpha. The art looked good, and the premise interesting. The final product had both of these, but it lacked a conclusion. I was pretty excited when I saved enough money to buy it, and for the first few hours it was great. Sadly, in the end I was left with what looked like a rushed product. There's so much worldbuilding, plot development, and even some drama, but it's all superficial. Mystery surrounding protagonist's parents? Solved in a few minutes. Mystery around the rival (who isn't even a true rival, he's just there undefeated and being cool) and the company that sponsors him? Solved in a few minutes too. Sister regretting past choices? SOLVED IN A FEW MINUTES! Some minor characters, like the rival sponsor CEO, got a sprite and only appeared for a few seconds. Meanwhile, others like Mitsuki in the Mayu scenes didn't. And if there's one thing that I take seriously, it's girls named Mitsuki.The soundtrack was so forgettable I can't recall a single track. The humor was pretty much 95% references, including Ceonardo DiLaprio never winning a Moscar and the siblings watching series like Game of GEARs (or was it GEAR of Thrones) and Top GEAR. 4% was meta jokes (""this isn't an anime"") and the remaining 1% was weebspeak. The artstyle is good, except for the faces. Those just feel samey. Speaking of faces, they blink. Not sure why this was added, it just made stuff more complicated. The sprites themselves didn't move, they could only blink for eternity. Not even mouth movement synced with the voices. Oh yeah, it was voiced in English. At first I liked it, but after a while they started coming off a bit unnatural, especially Shou and his Broseph, which is the way he called the protagonist to avoid having to say his name in a voiced line. Since, y'know, this is a self insert VN and you get to name him however you want. There's also a choice screen right in the beginning that lets you choose the protag's personality. From what I've seen, that only changes what kinds of choices are highlighted (basically an easy mode). The fight choices are pretty straightforward (even the timed ones, if you miss the timer just scroll one line up and redo it), and the same goes for the relationship ones.As for technical issues, this is a huge memory hog. It hit 1.2 GB of RAM at some point, and I'm pretty sure it happened because there were six blinking sprites on screen at once. Not only that, but it also lacks a backlog. Now, both of these issues can probably be attributed to the engine used, Ren'Py, which is good for it's price (like really, it's free), so I'll just leave that aside.It's still an enjoyable VN, but from what I saw, it's not worth more than a 6/10."
76561198072450734,Recommended,396650,25443599,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Makasha,"ACE Academy quickly became one of my favorite Visual Novel in steam. It has everything I'm looking for in a VN. Great Story, Fun and Interesting Characters, Lots of choices to help shape your character, different paths you can take, and a good romance system for the female characters you will be meeting.All the character are fully voice acted and all of them sound great, the girls that you will be dating are very varied in personality and all of them have interesting background you will get to learn if you decide to date one of them. The artworks looks beautiful and cool, same goes with the character design, the soundtrack is solid considering I never get bored of hearing them and some of them are even heart warming.I highly recommend picking this up if it ever goes on sale and I'll guarantee you will have lots of fun! ^-^"
,Recommended,396650,19125024,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Yousagi,"So, ACE Academy has finally been released. I'm happy to tell anyone who's reading my little review that it has definitely realized the potential of what it could be, and I can absolutely recommend it!Story:The story is nice. It doesn't follow many conventions you would see elsewhere in the genre. You play as a foreign exchange student from New York, moving into the Mech Pilot program at ACE Academy. There's some drama and intrigue, but it's mostly slice of life goodness. All of the characters are executed very well, and they come off as very original. The individual routes are sweet, and the worst points of the story fall straight to mediocrity instead of actually being bad.It has lots of good humor in it too, and references to other games and media are a plenty. Maybe someday, if you wish hard enough, Ceonardo Di Laprio will win the Moscars. Maybe someday...Music:Very nice. None of the tracks get boring to listen to, but they aren't particularly super memorable either. That works well for the title though, and they all accentuate the scenes they're in well. Kudos to the composer!Voice Acting:This is really one of the defining features of ACE Academy. it's a western visual novel that has full voice acting, and not only that: It's good! Really good! Special mentions go to Nikki's VA, Yuuna's VA (Who got better as development progressed! She did an excellent job.), Shou's VA, and Yuri's VA because Yuri is a russian character and that's cool. Everyone else did a great job as well. Kudos, guys!Art:The art in this game is just wonderful. I love the style, and althought it sometimes varies a bit it's all wonderful. The character art is really good in particular, and the variety of different clothes the characters wear throughout the game did not go unnoticed. Really, it's insane just how much variety there is! I think that Yuuna has around 9 different clothing styles or something. It's nuts, and pretty much all the characters are like that. Really excellent choice, and I'm very pleased that it was made.The background art isn't really anything to gush about, but it's good as well. You'll notice that some Background art gets recycled, but for the price of this title it's understandable.Gameplay:Gameplay, you might say? This is a Visual Novel! Why is there a section about gameplay?Well, this part of my review exists solely for me to praise the decision to remove gameplay.If you hadn't played Ace Academy before the final release, you wouldn't have known that originally it had QTE gameplay and the skeleton of an RPG equipment system. It's better that way too, since the glory of ACE Academy is and was it's characters and story. Good job, PixelFade Studio! The decision to cut the gameplay was smart, and the game is better without it.Final Verdict:Buy this game. It's excellent. If you've played any Visual Novels and liked them, this game is for you. The closest analogue to this game I can think of is Sunrider Academy. I'm happy to tell all of you that have played that game that ACE Academy throws it to the ground and smacks it around when it comes to quality: and sunrider was no slouch, either!I'm very hopeful that PixelFade Studio will release another visual novel. Which they basically say they'll be doing in the post credits blurb. I'll be keeping my eyes open for the next title! I bought this game once for myself, and another time for a friend. I'll probably be buying it again for someone else! It's that good and you've set a standard for quality.'Other Thoughts:There are some interesting artifacts still left inside ACE Academy. They don't diminish from the experience, but are just kind of funny overall. For example, selecting your main characteristic. It's completely useless! LOL. But you should smart mang like me, and choose Intelligent because it's da best characteristic. Also, on a very rare occasion there will be a voice line missing. I've also noticed at least once that a voice was attached to the wrong line. There are probably a few kinks like these to work out, but I'm sure this game will get a 1.1 patch at some point smoothing out any remaining QA issues. Like I said, they don't take away from the experience. In fact, I've found them to be charming! This was a herculian task for the team that made it, and was their first project for what I can tell."
76561198043434656,Recommended,396650,19858478,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Vebe'ahn,"There's literally an option to Reply to seeing Kaori in Gym Gear with ""Swiggity Swooty, im coming for that booty.""Dont know what im going to do with my life waiting for the next episode"
,Recommended,396650,20265084,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Doktor_HemoPhilyK,"Despite being in early access, this is one of the best visual novels out in the Steam. Why, you ask? Well, let me break it down for you: This game can be compared to an ANIME TELLTALE'S GAMES, because of the numerous dialogue choices you can make during the course of the story, which is really neat because you can choose either you want to be a smooth gentleman, a cliché harem protagonist or a magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Because of this game format, every playthrough seems unique, something rare in the visual novel genre.I strongly recommend buying this game. It has everything: A good story, lot of funny references, a nice protagonist and an extremely good artwork!"
76561198044504582,Recommended,396650,32093984,Posted: 31 May,all,SergeantL ShiroMasha,it's a damn good VN.... and definitely worth all the money PixelFade is draining away from me god please help fund them I haven't eaten pizza in so long and I miss it.
,Recommended,396650,25253263,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TheNegativeTwo,We actually have a romance visual novel where the protagonist isn't a whiny little turd. I have never quite felt so complete.
,Recommended,396650,32096581,Posted: 31 May,all,Hammiam,"Laziness ensues, quick review.ProsProbably the best OELVN on Steam.Mechs, because who doesn't like mechs (I actually don't, but that's besides the point).Great voice cast.Humor is spot on, tends to be the focal point of what makes the game so great.Awesome soundtrack.Amazing Art.ConsDespite the humor being great, it's very much centered around the events and widespread memes of 2016 and will become dated as the years pass.The characters, while good, are pretty much are the same archetypes of what you'd find in your standard anime harem cast.The ""drama"" sections of the game are very one note and fall flat in some cases, making it hard to stay invested with some of the characters for a portion of the game.Complete cliffhanger ending.Anything having to do with Mayu."
76561198078134399,Recommended,396650,20017080,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,God's Love,"For my first ever VN I was a little skeptical if I would enjoy these types of games, though I do watch anime. But with the awesome art, great voicing and music masterpieces I was fully immersed into the atmosphere of the VN and was enjoying the comedy as well as the drama that unfolded during the episodes.The character development so far has been great and has made me make some hard decisions in relationships between me and the other characters. I'm going for Kaori :D It was a tough decision between her and Yuuna, sorry all you Yuuna fans.With that intergration of quick time events during the action of the VN and quick second decisions, it keeps you on your toes and puts a creative twist of VNs I haven't seen before making it an enjoyable experience the whole way through.I could go on and on but i'll cut it short and say, if you have never played a VN before and see this masterpiece I strongly recommend you buy this one, you will never look back and wonder why you bought it.It is keeping me on edge as I powered through the first 2 episodes in one session and I want more already. 10/10 :D"
,Recommended,396650,26375870,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,F.E.A.R #Idling,This VN is just greatPros:-Good music-lots a choice-Voice actingCons:-Where's the trading card :(
,Recommended,396650,33975277,Posted: 2 August,all,BLB,"I was skeptical purchasing this game at first because I was concerned with it being made by a western development team. Boy was I wrong. I'm an avid player of VNs and I can say that this game was absolutley wonderful. Great characters, story, dialouge, and some pretty decent humor. The slice of life aspect and actual development of the story will hold your interest and the romance / dating sim aspect has a fairly prominent role in this game (You can go for the girl you want! None of that ""your choices don't matter"" bs.) You will be delighted by the balance of each, and should definitley get this game if you are sitting on the fence. If you enjoy VNs I can almost guarantee you will like this.TLDR: Get this game if you like VNs at all."
,Recommended,396650,23514161,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Shadowrush,"Don't let the ""hours played"" fool you. I have finished the ACE Academy story TWICE and about to go through it a third time. It is remarkable, lovable, hilarious, feels worthy, and much more! The voice acting is in english, which I was reluctant at first because the only VNs I have read were with japanese voices (Sorry, I'm not talking about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nekopara), such as Clannad and others. These english VAs (Voice Actors) were fantastic!! Characters were on point, the different routes you can do to obtain them ""affection"" points~. Just overall amazing and can't wait for episode 4!! OH and Devs...YOU BETTER RELEASE THE ALBUM SOON!!! K?! K!"
76561198047396412,Recommended,396650,21079287,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Code95FIN,"THIS REVIEW IS ONLY EARLY ACESS VIDEO SO SCORE'S WILL PROBABLY BE HIGHER!First off: Story. Story is nice, it goes nice pace, and there is a lot choices. Even if story is 2049, giant mechas etc, story is realistic and heart warming. This is keeping up with If My Heart Had Wings, which I think is best visual novel on Steam so far. I might gives this even more credits, but because Early Access, I don't want to rush, but if story is written as well as first 2 episodes, my god they should nearly make anime or movie about this.Art is awesome. People look good, backrounds are realistic and nice. Big bonus is that eyes moves, which makes characters realistic and some what interacticve. I just wish they could use E-mote so whole character could move. That would make even more realistic.About music, it's good. there are few songs what I hear again and again, but they are not too bad. Sountracks know their place, but few more songs would be nice.Voice acting... This is were ACE Academy shines like a diamond. Voices are so believable. Voice actors really capture their characters personality. This is maybe the main reason why you should buy this.For those who needs score: 8/10I really like to give higher score but since it's early access, I don't want to rush. But what can I say so far.... BUY IT! Even for the full price, this is Diamond. You DON'T WANT TO MISS THIS! It's funny, awesome, interactive and heart melting."
,Recommended,396650,20672564,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SimonCharming,"Although it's still in Early Access, ACE Academy is shaping up to be a great Visual Novel with a ton of potential.As in most Visual Novels, you can of course choose how you react and respond to other characters and situations. However, ACE Academy includes certain features that go a step beyond other games in the genre. The main character can be named, and you can choose a ""specialty"" for him, such as athletic, intelligent, or charismatic. These affect events in the game. You can also choose which weapons you load on your Mecha (AKA GEAR), which actually affect your GEAR's statistics. These minor features add up to a better experience and a more content-rich game.The characters are fun and entertaining. Most of them seem to settle in to standard anime roles, but they may surprise you. On the Romance side of things you have ""Tsundere Girl"" Kaori, ""Nice Girl"" Yuuna, ""Shy Girl"" Mayu, and ""Refreshingly Horny Girl"" Valerie. They are not one-note characters, and even Kaori's hostility is more than just anger for anger's sake. For the Supporting Cast you have ""Best Little Sister Ever"" Nikki, ""Best Uncle Ever"" Kaito, and ""Broseph"" Shou. Unlike most stories with a Harem setup, ACE Academy's supporting characters are vital to the story and have just as much characterization as the main girls. I see it as one of the game's unique strengths.There are currently two chapters in Early Access, and it's a nice amount of content especially with the game's branches and reactivity. If nothing else, it should be more than enough to tell whether you will love the game or not.I highly recommend ACE Academy. It is actually the first game I even bothered to post a review for. If you are reluctant to enter Early Access on principle, I would still recommend Bookmarking the game so you know when it's released. If you love Visual Novels, Dating Sims, or any kind of game with Choices and Consequences, I believe you'll have a lot of fun."
76561198104573104,Recommended,396650,23328433,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Renya,"I hardly write any reviews but this one really deserves it.Pros:+ Fully Voice Acted (minus the MC)+ One of the best English Voice Actors on this game, I love them all+ Cute girls and boys+ A lot of choices+ A lot of references and memes+ Really good plot+ Makes you love almost every characters, there might be some characters who you hate but that's what makes it more awesome+ Every choice will affect your story in one way or another+ Some bromance with Shou (some might hate it, but I love it)+ Fanservice (beach scene, and some others)Cons:- There is no romance opinion for Shou, Akira and Ex Zee. #yeshomo- Need more JoJo's Bizarre Adventure jokes- Fanservice (Some might hate fanservice, I myself don't care about it)- Some parts aren't voiced in episode 4 yet.others:- I wish this game would have reference for Monster's Fairy tale ""The Monster Who Didn't Have A             Name""P.S. I wish they would make extra episodes/dlc episodes."
,Recommended,396650,25177085,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nightwing,"Ace Academy is a true gem in the genre of visual novels. I haven't been hooked on a visual novel for awhile since Sunrider Academy, so I'm really happy that this game hooked me from the beginning. I didn't know what I was going to be experiencing when I first loaded up the game and I have to say that I wasn't disappointed. For a huge anime lover, this game brings a lot to the table. The cast is voiced impressively in English and the art of the game was stylish to me. The choices in your decision making are diverse and will affect whatever route you plan on playing through. This game was originally an episodic visual novel, however I picked it up when all 4 episodes were released so I didn't have to wait to keep playing it. This game will surely entertain you, it contains romance, drama, comedy, and some sci-fi action to go along with it. I've already played through all the routes so right now I'm just waiting for a sequel (if there's gonna be one). PixelFade Studio did an amazing job with this game, there are a few flaws like re-using backgrounds and having a slight linear path for each route, but the game is still entertaining. The game is entirely in English but it is set in Japan, so it does kind of give you an animeish setting/aura. I HIGHLY recommend this game if you want an entertaining visual novel to play. Even though I usually prefer Japanese voice acting over English dub, this game's voice cast was exceptional and made everything sound natural. My favorite voice to listen to in the game is Valerie's. I can listen to her talk all day... Good luck on picking a best girl my fellow peers!"
76561198139673083,Recommended,396650,30686922,Posted: 23 March,all,.ĐĿ. Gakksun::RaiRai,10/10 will riot if no Ace Academy: Supernova releases
76561198064355559,Recommended,396650,17957631,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,talbriez,"I would just like to say that as Visual Novel type games go, this one is very interactive. Which is a refreshing relief. I feel like i have a lot of control over events in the game. After replaying using different choices a few times i validated my feeling of control. Obviously the main plot has to be stuck too, but everything else seems to be open ended. The first episode is a huge hit for me. I'm excited to see the next come out."
,Recommended,396650,21640189,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ruhrgebietheld,"I've tried a few visual novels before, but up to this point hadn't played anything that made me go ""Wow, this genre can be real amazing. I think I'll become more interested in visual novels overall."" I say up to this point, because this game changed that. I finally see what it is that some people find so enthralling about visual novels. This game made me laugh, worry, plan strategically, get nervous, blush, get frustrated, ponder wholeheartedly, fall in love, think of witty comebacks, and experience a whole heap of other emotions and experiences. It was fantastic. This game is so well written. There's real personality to your possible choices, and there are a plentiful amount of choices for you to make. You really dictate what turns the story takes, and how different characters' storylines develop. Sure, the game is still kind of short and so it's probably not currently worth the full $25 price tag, but that's because the game is still in early access and only halfway completed. I have no doubt that by the time the remaining chapters are added, I will have definitely gotten my money's worth out of this game, and then some. The mini games are fairly basic, but also decently enjoyable. I hope there are a few more matches in the future chapters, but so far the mecha aspect of the game has been done decently well, especially as it ties into the storylines overall. The bottom line is, this is by far the best visual novel I've ever played, and highlights all the great things that this genre of game can be. I absolutely recommend purchasing it."
76561198027048925,Recommended,396650,20260828,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spyken,"First thing i thinked (must be one of this cheap game whit no story and bob's thing). I was so wrong...   so deeply wrong. This game is nostalgic, great, whit a heavy story and full of spirit. i feal like stealing the money from the game creator for the cheap price they sell the game. i give a 11/10 for this game. it surpassed what i was hoping for and it keep me playing it. I'm actualy thinking if i need to go to work or play the game. XD"
,Recommended,396650,18209447,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CodeNameJoker,"This game is a early access visual novel game, still it is a masterpiece in work in progress. I really am happy I bought this game and played it. It is worth my money for sure and I have no regret of spending my money on this fantastic game."
76561197997418571,Recommended,396650,24972185,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,danieldearing14,"ACE Academy managed to get my attention by featuring two of my favourite anime genres: High school romance, and giant robots. But what started as an impulse buy to pass the time quickly became a solid favourite of my steam library the more hours I sunk into it.For starters, the game has a solid story to it. In a Gundam Build Fighters-esque setting where the world has become obsessed with giant robots called GEARs, you are a nameless protagonist (named by you) recently transferred from America to Japan to the pilot program of titular ACE Academy following the death of your parents.  It hit the right points throughout and kept me engaged through multiple playthroughs . And while it does flit more with the tropes of the high school romance side than the mecha side (Beach episode, hot springs episode, etc), there was enough science fiction here to keep it fresh. There are moments when it gets a too meta though (Less leaning on the fourth wall, more smashing it and then crushing the pieces into a fine dust), which while they made me laugh, also pulled me out of the story a bit.The characters are also a decent bunch, filling the usual tropes sure (Mayu is shy, Yuuna is kind, Kaori is Tsundere, etc), but giving each character their own strengths and flaws. I was also surprised to find the characters were all fully voiced too, and while some of the lines were strangely silent (It was still in Early Access as of writing), the cast is diverse enough that each and every character had their own unique voice, including the one-shot background ones.  It was all well recorded and well-acted too, which is always a bonus. The protagonist too is just enough of a blank slate to be relatable, but still has enough of a personality (some of which is dictated by you) to make it easy to relate to.The event CGs and music are also well done, with a good variety of pieces that for the most part fit in well with their respective events.There are some problems however. While the game is still in Early Access as of writing, I’m not sure how many have been, could be, will be or can be addressed, but I would at least mention them to give my honest opinion.The biggest flaw is the mecha combat. While I wasn’t expecting Titanfall for a VN, I was sort of expecting some kind of turn based system based on the screenshots, as opposed to the quick time sequence in the build I played. While this isn’t a game breaker for me, I can’t shake the feeling that mecha combat had a larger role to play in earlier ideas. There is, for example, a loadout screen filled with empty squares that is seen exactly once, and you go through several lessons that feel important to the mecha piloting process, but ultimately just serve as world building information. While the mecha aspect is a focus of the storyline, it feels a little under loved by the end of it as a result.There are also a few odd choices for who of the secondary cast gets to be shown, and who doesn’t. The VN goes the RWBY Volume One route of having most of them silhouetted, and while that makes sense for one scene unnamed characters, there are a few, such as the professors and your sister’s friends, who appear multiple times and whose appearances aren’t revealed.   On the flip side, there are characters that appear exactly once that are fully revealed, only to be never seen or heard from again. There was one character that was even shown using CG pieces instead, when having a silhouette with Yuuna giving facial reactions instead would have looked just as good, perhaps better.Speaking of CGs, while as I said before they are well done, there doesn’t feel like there’s enough of them. This might just be a personal issue of mine really, but I felt several times certain scenes needed more than just the text. This partly manifested as black screens with text describing interesting goings on, but also scenes that I’ve seen to be important in other non-eroge romance VNs (e.g. kissing) that are just described here. And while they're described well, it falls slightly flat when all you’re seeing is your girl smiling at you. A few more backgrounds might not go amiss either (An alternate library/study background, especially in Kaori’s route, was the most glaring one.)In the end though, these issues don’t really take away from the game as a whole.  These are just things that I think would make a great game greater. ACE Academy is still worth the asking price. If you’re looking for a good story and strong characters to while away some hours with, this game will definitely be worth your time."
76561198346078220,Recommended,396650,32400053,Posted: 13 June,all,StellarSkys,"Ace academy is a great vn, and is one of my favorites. Though it's not perfect, but nothing ever is. If you have spare money and time to kill, this is a great game to kill those hours with."
,Recommended,396650,24755984,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Miral,"Both the writing and the voice acting (in English, for a change!) are excellent, and well worth your purchase.The characters are very likable (both those with romance routes and the side characters).There's a lot of great banter between your character and Nikki, your sister, which helps sell her as ""real"".  (She doesn't have a route, lest the siscons get too excited.)There's lots of dialogue choices throughout the game too -- most of them don't really matter in terms of choosing a route but they add more flavour and overall make the game more enjoyable and give it more replay value.The combat system is a little meh (mostly QTEs) but it doesn't happen often enough to be annoying, and fits in reasonably well with the story.  How well you do in combats does alter the story slightly as well, which can be interesting for repeat playthroughs, but there doesn't seem to be anything major hinging on it.  (Which is a good thing, in my view.)Romance is handled tastefully; there's no ""adult patch"" or anything like that.  It doesn't need one, the stories are still amazing."
,Recommended,396650,18394042,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ray7ne,"I've got to say that as Visual Novel type game, this one is very interactive & has a very interesting story so far.I really like the characters personalities, voice acting and design, the story is fun to read through with all the different references stuck in throughout to show the comedic of the main character and how other characters reactCan't wait for ep 2 to come out"
,Recommended,396650,20240745,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Weathermaker,"Just Plain Funny. Very enjoyable. Recycled Tropes, but who cares. Laughed very hard. Tryout out all the dialogue choices, specifically the Jackass and Flirty ones. Wish this game would come faster LOL. Oh and plus a very strong contender for  the cutest little sister yet. Down the line I'll goto website and become a supporter. There is no real combat, its just a visual novel at this point. Wish Mechwarrior 2 and 3 had this type of Narrative structure superimposed. Recommended Strongly. Lots of Golden/ Memorable Unique Comedic Moments. Great Writing."
,Recommended,396650,20138029,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Afterval,"Gotta rewrite my review.I bought this game on early access since episode 2 came out. there are quite a lot changes.And i'm also more matured as a VN reader.First just want to let you know that, i've been reading VN quite a lot. But not really as much as those in fuwanovel forum. At least i've read some of the best and popular ones like, KnS 1 &2, Fate, Hollow ataraxia, Katawa Shoujo, G senjo, Majikois, and some others. So i can assure you that this review is not coming from someone who just got into VNs. And also, i didn't really into mechs so i never read something like muv luv or watch gundam. But ACE Academy for me i think is an exception to that.Now, lets talk about this VN.- The most important part is story, for me its considerably a bit lighthearted. You know your typical romance/school/sci fi/mech, etc. Those kind of genre that is pretty familiar with some of the recent anime that just came out.. But to be fair it's not bad. actually not bad at all. Cuz it's more like real life experience. That is what i like about VNs. Most of the stuff is relatable to us because we can choose how the story is going to progress. And even more in this VN, because you're dealling with your daily college stuffs, friendship, business(maybe?), family stuffs, and romance ofc. Unlike other hardcore VN that will just throw us into some unknown situations to us and let us decide on things that we didnt even know what to do about it.But in ACE Academy, it's not that hard to understand what's the story will progressing if you choose a certain choice in the game.- The humour is so good, i fell of my chair once.- The graphic/artstyle is decent, 7/10 for me. I just don't really like something that is too bright or too colorful. Maybe bcuz there are a lot of them in the recent animes. They're getting annoying, you know.  It's fine tho, it fits the theme very well. One of the coolest CG is when you see your Mech or in this case GEAR do some cool stuff.- The Music. Good enough, it's certainly fits most of the situations pretty well. But sometimes it can also be so annoying, because of it's so repetitive. Not really a bad thing since every single VNs out there do the same thing. Just my personal opinion tho.- Voice Actors. This is a litle bit hars but,My GOD! You western devs! You need to do a better job than this! I know you're a small team. But, really?? It's like an EAR R4PE! This VN don't have a Japs dub so i can't really compare them. Just think about it, the first time you watch DB or Naruto or One Piece or Fairy tail, Bleach or whatever.. and it's in English or in your native language, you'd still think they did a pretty decent job right? But this is just a complete mess! Only Valerie is good, great even.- Characters are all great. No comments about them :))- The Ending? Only two of the available routes are fit perfectlyOverall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,396650,20285887,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,magmaslug,"This is a VN that doesn't force you to choose a girl you like, because the end goal is not to date/have sex with a girl, it is to just pass school and do good as a pilot. That is why I love this VN and hope that they will focus more on the Gear battles in later episodes. If you are like me, and are tired of the normal anime tropes then this is a fresh breath of air. The protagonist isn't a stupid perv, and the girls arn't just walking♥♥♥♥♥♥ They do at times make fun of how Japan and anime is a pervs paradise at the same time they cater to the people just in it for the girls. This is more of a life sim than a dating sim, which is why I love it!I write this after episode 2 and I don't plan on going any further before the full release, because I want to get the whole experience and not just small chunks of it.To the devs: Please make the roll-back function toggleable in the options menu.Up til episode 2: 10/10"
76561198070920223,Recommended,396650,20400517,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ragnarok Ender,"I've played a fair share of the visual novels availiable here on steam, and I have to say that this one is one of the few that I wanted to keep playing well after my first run through. The voice acting is top notch, the dialoge is realistic in most cases, and the characters are engaging and memorable. I am a little sad that that the game had to end abruptly, but that just makes me excited for the next chapters. My only request for future endeavors is to feature a Nikki route (or at least more options to spend time with her), as I feel that story could be interesting and heart warming."
,Recommended,396650,22518749,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Somber Squibble,"I'm very excited to see this VN be finished.I was really sad when I reached the end of episode 3, which in turn, means I'll be looking foward to the next episode.I've only played through the game once as of writing this review, but it's easy to see just how much replayability it has; there is quite a lot of decisions to be made.I was pleasantly surprised to see how good the voice acting was for the main cast, with a solid performance by the occasional side-character as well.The artstyle grew on me very quickly; I think it's quite warm and smooth.The story is simple, but very effective. Given the course of episode 3, it appears as though it'll become even better.The true substance of ACE Academy, however, lies with it's characters and the dialogue pertaining to them.During my first playthrough of ACE, I found the cast to be very likeable; there is a pleasant amount of depth to each character. The writing throughout the game is also quite good.One of my initial surprises of ACE was the addition of atmospheric sound, which really is a nice thing to have in a VN.That about sums up my broad review. This game shows a wonderful amount of potential, I really hope to see it succeed financially.Regardless of whether it's finished or not, it's certainly worth the 25$.Expect a charming and content-dense VN with ACE Academy."
76561198087523363,Recommended,396650,22311653,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Judas_TDMK,"I've enjoyed what content has been released so far, I would like to see a little more of how the combat will change through later parts of the game with upgrades to the mecha. Definitely enjoyed having some time based choices, definitely brings more uniqueness to the game. Love the character art so far the mecha art leaves a bit to be desired though. The game has some good humor.After playing through the third episode I am thoroughly hooked. I am getting a feel for the story at this point, or at least I thought i was up until the end there. But anyways I am still seeing some great writing but more so the references made in the game that can be related to  modern culture. References to memes and television shows are scattered throughout and bring a very light humor to the visual novel. keep looking foward to the completion because this is going to be one worth replaying over and over, and thats a rare trait. Can't wait to see where it goes from here."
,Recommended,396650,25174109,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jetser13,"100/10 will buy the sequel.This is my first visual novel and I am in love with this. This visual novel should totally be made into an anime, it's just that great.So here's a run down of this VN, you are the main character who moved from the United States to Japan to study at Ace Academy and you go through every day life, meeting new friends and battling it out with mechs. The story is really deep, in my opinion, and it just brings out all the feels. You'll be laughing a lot at some of the dialogue while other times you're annoyed or sad.This VN is great overall and would highly recommend this to anyone that likes animes, romance, comedy, slice of life, etc. It's just that great."
76561198203003720,Recommended,396650,19725972,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Marcus Skerratt,"A true masterpice, a worthey addishon to any Visual Novel colection. I geel great about Early Access. The voices are fatastice. The storey is well thought out, art is well done the slight camera movements add so much to emersion. I urdge most enthuseastickley that evereyone try this. and all propes to the develepment team, Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,396650,19486669,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tobi,"Its got a nice asthetic, the voice acting is top notch and the story and characters don't get boring.Edit: If there was ever gonna be a VN that got the honour of being called triple A then this would be it."
76561198062970523,Recommended,396650,22447241,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Summer21171,"I wasn't sure what to expect from this game at first, but I was totally blown away! Not only is the artwork gorgeous, but I could not stop staring at the characters every time they popped up on the screen. They're all so well made, and each has a unique personality and backstory that only adds more to the game. One of the key points that I loved about this game was how fun it was to make different choices. The dialogue is hilarious, and the voice acting is so on key, at least to me. I also loved my MC, whom I named Kasiya Arian. I based him and the decisions he made after a roleplay character of mine, and it was so easy to stay true to that! A lot of times it's hard for multi-choice dialogue games to fit to what people want, but I found it so easy to get dialogue choices that fit to what I wanted him to be. I didn't regret a single choice and I had so much fun, it all felt very natural. Even now, I plan on jumping in and starting anew with a new Love Interest and new choices. I would reccomend this game to anyone and I hope people don't dismiss it because it's early access, because they'd be missing out."
76561197977396848,Recommended,396650,22498225,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Captain Sexdanger,"After finishing the highly anticipated 3rd episode I've finally decided to write a mini review for this game.I bought this game on a whim a few months back ,and back then quite honestly I had pretty low expectations for it. I bought it on the premise on english voices being added. Which i haven't really seen in a visual novel up until this point. After playing it however I found myself surprisingly invested in the story and characters of the game. To the point where after i beat episode two I waited in anticipation for months for episode three. Rambling aside if you are looking for a compelling story and characters ,and don't mind the art (which isn't bad ,but just average to me). Then you may enjoy this game. I look forward to seeing the rest of the game unfold."
,Recommended,396650,22492891,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cleaner,"A very relaxing game to play with great writing and art that's easy on the eyes. The characters are well-defined and obviously hide great depth. I feel like I'm still just starting, and I like the game a lot.tl:dr anime babes and giant robots"
76561198126599631,Recommended,396650,21399349,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ikskesmz,"This game has high production values.  Like most good things in life though, it isn't finished yet.  I've gone down a couple of routes, and one route in particular seems like it would be painful to read.  Why every developer puts a tsundere in their visual novel is beyond me.  Maybe they think the players want to shut her up by putting toothpaste in her mouth, among other things.  Seriously, that is the only drawback to an otherwise promising start.  C'est la vie.There is a fair amount of humor to be had.  As far as a visual novel goes, it is very polished.Though there are a couple of mini-games, it really does not affect much.  Maybe they intend to fix this in the next release?One final warning though, is that writing a review for a heavily-based story element is somewhat premature, since the biggest part of it is yet to be completed.  That said, there is a fair amount of work already done, and what they have looks promising.What I've seen so far is worth it.  I would reccomend it, but as always buyer beware.  Especially with half-finished products.  Unfortunately, half finished projects tend to stay half finished.  If you are one of those people who can put a book down in the middle of an important plot point, by the game.  Otherwise, I'd suggest waiting until the game is completed."
,Recommended,396650,23466489,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ΝΈΜΕΣΙΣ.craftaXLB,Great visual novel with beatifull girls and large amount of choices.Very funny and entertainment.There is also nice romantic moments.
,Recommended,396650,18441713,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Dardy-chan,Should be interesting to see where this goes in the future.
76561198070411644,Recommended,396650,17977632,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,psphabmixay,"Even though it's an early access game, I liked it enough so far. Kind of wished the MC's GEAR was namable (or it could be after the game's finished for all I know) but being able to name the MC is a nice touch...although they (the makers of the game) may not want to ask what the players named the MC as you could name them anything. ANYTHING.For some reason I, other than the MC's, hate the look of the GEARS and the AI's. They seem so...pointy? I don't know.Music? Eh, It works and it plays...good enough for me.People probably would complain at the current cost ($25) but I figured that it's to at least pay for things like the voice actors for example, so I hope the story is at least slightly better than average as this is all currently character establishment at where they stopped.Edit: Alright, its been a while and the full game is out of course...time for a somewhat bigger review.The QTE battles from the beginning is mostly gone now (in fact you now just press 'D' a few times, then spacebar when prompted and words for the finisher) and in its place is mutliple choices with a (if non-athletic I'm guessing) limited amount of time.Even without one of the three traits (which is basically, fitness, intelligence and...sensitivity?) that you can choose from the beginning, the game was fairly easy to guess if given a second to think about it. Either I spent too much time playing (hentai) Visual Novels or it was that damn easy of choices to make for this character or that.It's a fairly into the 'slice of life' genre that makes fun of itself, with small bits of seriousness here and there. Nothing overdramatic like 'what happened to me in the past, I must get vengance for it' kind of thing and somewhat more (considering that it IS a Visual Novel with mechs and future technology in it) down to earth focus on friends and family. A fair amount of choices that you can choose are silly enough to warrant a (save first) pick just to see what could happen.The voice actors were not horrible to listen to and I was very surprised at recognizing of a certain singer that I know of in Youtube playing a (supporting) role in this game.Now, I still like the game, although I now wish for the little sister DLC. Ha ha ha. (Somewhat) joking aside, make a Mei DLC. Seriously, flesh her out please. I won't mind shelling out a couple of dollars for her."
,Recommended,396650,33492682,Posted: 12 July,all,Foxy Nessa,"Loved this Visual Novel!Story held me, dialogue was great, (although occasionally didn't match the text, but I felt that was forgiveable), and the dialogue options were typically well worked out. I liked the timed choices as well :)I'd throw it a solid 8/10 :)"
76561198017662551,Recommended,396650,18871331,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Silencer,"Well Ive had my eye on this sence it was know as Kendo Crush. Witch I thought was good back then when i play the demo. Its a bit sad that Kendo Crush was canaceled but now we have ACE Academy to take its place so lets see how it is.Now after running though episode 1 for ACE Academy two times. I have to say so far Im impressed with how its turned out. The story so far not bad the sounds effects are good and the most imporant thing that I believe is that there are lots of choices to chose from. With all the diffrent choices to chose from it has some good replay ability that can change how the story unfolds. Ive had fun playing this, I have high hope's for this novel and cant wait for the next episode to be relesed.The only thing I dont like about it exactly is having to pay $24.99 for it when its still in early acess. Ohh yeah and it has some good voice acting not perfect but still good. Other then that I would rate this a 9/10 so far. Keep up the great work team."
,Recommended,396650,18124122,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Beep Boop,Its a pretty good visual novel. Can't wait for the next episode.
76561198048749856,Recommended,396650,18882612,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SirLegend21,"I was pleasently surprised at how this game was easily able to suck me in with it's well written story and humorous comedy. Its battle system is pretty bare-bones at the moment, but I'm sure it'll be greatly improved once the game comes out of early access. The storytelling is where the game shines brilliantly at the moment. This game has amazing replayability value, as I constantly found myself wondering what would happen if I said or responded differently (There are quicktime events) and making different save files to find out as many differences as I could.Overall, this game is well worth the money and if you're interested in visual novel type games, then I highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,396650,25046342,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,KelpyG,"This game was a very good visual novel. The plot was good, characters were good, art design was good, and everything was good! And in some cases, even great! But I personally believe that there could've been a little more in the story than what it actually gave us. Now, I may be wrong and it may have been the perfect amount for everyone else, but I personally believe that it had more to it, but they just let it slide. I know I have over 20 hours on record, but most of that was me skipping in order to play different routes that the game had to offer.Don't get me wrong, I really liked this game and found it very good! But there were some parts that I found unfinished and a little rushed. If those factors weren't in play here, I would say this game smacked it out of the park. But buy it and experience it yourself to see.But overall, for a price of $25, I would say wait until it's on sale. I'm not saying it’s bad in anyway; I'm just saying that you could spend that $25 on a different game than this. When it's on sale, however, I would recommend getting it! Now, if you really want it, then buy it now! You may find it fun and worth the money, but for me, I would wait. This game does have a lot of great things in it and you'll probably fall in love with it! There's nothing negative about this game at all that would make me think it's bad.Overall rating: 8.9/10"
76561198074980883,Recommended,396650,25246130,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mobius 1,"I got here after typing in Ace in an attempt to see if Steam had Ace Combat. And since Assault Horizon is all they had, I decided to check out the other game with ACE in bold print. And I definitely was not disappointed. I've been onboard since ACE Academy only had two chapters, so I've been able to watch it grow and develop. To anyone reading this review, DON'T PLAY ASSAULT HORIZON, PLAY ACE ACADEMY!"
,Recommended,396650,25524085,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Crow,"One of the best if not THE best Visual Novel I've ever played. The amount of responses you can do in dialouges and all the different choices you can do is simply supberb. Story was pretty good as well, though it very clearly focuses more on the interaction between characters than it does with the story.Overall definitely a 11/10 in my book.Oh, and the devs are really cool as well, which makes giving them my money even more worth it."
76561198108164954,Recommended,396650,26652888,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,A.G. Lo,"I genuinely enjoyed this game. I played few Visual Novel games before, but this game shot up to one of my favorites. Normally, I go through VN games questions as I, probably, would do in real life and usually ignore the other paths/endings. However, in this case, I binged through the game and experienced all the endings. For the most part, I liked all the characters that were introduced to us. I orginally ended with Kaori's ending then continued to move through the rest of the characters. And one character's CG scenes (not going to say who) actually made me feel unsettled and made my heart skip a beat, which was intended.As I played through the game, I was always saying how certain scenes were ""cute"" or ""that's adorable"". What can I say, I'm a sucker for things that are cute.One of my favorite things about the game were the hilarious choices you could make and the many referances that the game makes like celebrities, TV shows, movies, devices, a semi-direct referance to a game their currently working on, and even throws a light punch at VN game cliches. The game is packed with many choices compared to othere VN games, which I always enjoy in any game. The game is fully voice-acted and is pretty well done in my opinion. And something that I haven't seen in a VN game that kind of thrown me off at first were the quick-time-choices. I didn't expect that some of my choices were going to be timed, but you quickly get use to it since the game gives you plenty of time to choose.They're four romance options in the game with personalities that are, somewhat, cliched but still enjoyable as you progress through the story. Speaking of story, admittedly, I didn't quite enjoyed it as much as I would have thought I would have. But is it bad? No. I just simply enjoy games with a really deep story line. Without trying to explain to much of the story, I would say it's average. And as for the battle scenes, it was I would expect it to be; not great, but not horrible either.And as for what's bad with the game, I don't think there's a lot to talk about other than personal preferances or nit-picky things. On a rarity, lines from characters aren't voice and sometimes doesn't match with what the text box says. I feel like they could have done something a bit more to the battle scenes. I know it's only a VN game and is limited to do so much, and I understand that. Just could have wished for more intriguing battles that were more memoribly. But, my major complaint has to do with the ending. It left to many questions and so little answers, which was probably what they were going for. Still, I'm fine with open endings, but this one left kind of left a combination of a sweet and sour taste that makes me can't tell I liked it or didn't.Overal, the game is pretty good and would highly recommend it to other VN Gamers out there that would just like to relax with a game like this. Good and fun way to spend some time on it.A definite score of a 8.5/10.And, as far as I know, this was PixelFade's first game that was punblished and am excited to play their new games that they are currently working on. I'm definitely going to keep track of their new games to come. And I know it was a joke thing they did at the end of the game, but I really do hope they make a sequel to Ace Academy in the future."
76561198008619252,Recommended,396650,31908284,Posted: 22 May,all,Joey Wheeler,"Okay...not gonna lie, when I first bought it, I thought it'd be a fun little thing to do. When I first booted it up, I thought ""Oh no no, English dubbing! I'm gonna cringe so much during this cause Im a big baby"" (Im used to anime characters having high pitched voices, so its really wierd to hear English high pitched)I may be a big baby, but goodness me, this was FAR better than I was prepared to give credit for. The English VA actually helped with a fair few of the characters. I loved the tropes were really cheesy, but it built off them, rather than just leaving it at that. I enjoyed the choices I can make (I loved acting like a pervy doofus without knowing Id be punished story wise), not to mention the battles, though bare, have more involvement than  a lot of VN.Guess you can say this game sure ""SHOU'd me!""(You'll understand after your 1st playthrough ^^)PEACE"
,Recommended,396650,24774126,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Patrick869,"By far one of, if not the best VN ive played so far. If you haven't played a VN yet and wanna try one, this is the one to buy. I cannot wait to see what Pixelfade does next."
76561198054814348,Recommended,396650,20315485,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Majii,"I told myself after the Telltale games series that i was done with episodic content. I was going to wait till after this was fully released before i picked it up, but the Christmas sale was evil..... Now I wish i hadn't. It's an awesome game that im really enjoying, just impatient about waiting for the next one9/10"
76561198071456404,Recommended,396650,20348899,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ossi,"Good story check, robot fighting check, alot of female romance choices check , in Japan check.Even though its not complete yet i see alot of potential cant wait were the stroy goes but its going to be a good one."
76561198046395737,Recommended,396650,18577596,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,The Great King,what I have played of the game so far it's pretty good just wondering when eposide 2 is going to be finshed
76561197967754353,Recommended,396650,18583517,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Taki Minase,BEST. too bad there's no trading cards or steam profile backgrounds.
76561198048861043,Recommended,396650,18594038,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,NekoJordan,I loved this game! It was really fun and that badass moment during the qualifier exam had to be my absolute favorite moment. Meiji Narukami and his finishing move the Narukami Buster! I hope to advanture more into the story!
76561198008698177,Recommended,396650,20660255,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,hkthui,Best visual novel on Steam IMHO. Very heart warming. I can't wait for the next episode!
76561198063310201,Recommended,396650,23936201,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jagamon,"Okay, what can I say that I like about this gamePros: The soundtrack isn't half bad, it is not the best but it is really nice and upbeat like the story. Fact that your character can either be, sport, nerdy or good with people (Not the words used) and that can effect a  few of choices in the game. The voice acting is well done for most characters it is also in english and that is nice, some I was not too sure of but most are nice. You are the name character, you can name them and everything. Fun minigames in the story. It is not actually short at all. The characters are more than just a basic trope and seem to all be more than what they are at first. The art is really nice and those who made this game did put in alot of effort to it. Now I have 4 hours clocked and I haven't yet finished the game, but I am sure that one can if they speed read and type and what not. But for me I like to take it slow. Also it is one of the VNs that I will actually consider starting right from the start again, even though it is not mandatory for you to do so to get another route.Cons: Some lines skip ahead, such as narration. Side characters are just shades of a character outline. Combat can be a bit dull. At some choices you have a timer that some times you can't even see at first or react to in time or read all the choices. Also it is still in early access so that is a big down side that it is not the complete game. There are a few other things but that is just nit picking.My verdict on this game is to buy it, but if you can you should buy while their is a sale on for it, or when it is just discounted. Not saying that is not worth the full price, just while I do recommend this game, I can't tell you to go buy it for its full price.That is all for me see ya later.UPDATEDNow that I have played through the game I still stand by what I said before, it is still in early access so there are a few things that are not yet complete (very minor lines) but like nothing else.If you ever wanted to go to a Gundam Pilot School minus the actual war, then this is the VN for you."
76561198001098622,Recommended,396650,21725259,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Hess,"Well i was so pleasantly suprised by this gem of a game that i am still grinning like an idiot while typing out this reivew.Obviosuly the game is still early acsess and only 2 episodes out of 5 are currently released, but don't let that deter you! There is plenty for you to enjoy already and a wealth of choices at you're desposal. Episode 3 is also well on the way i don't think i have ever been this hyped for a visual novel release before.I'll try to keep it breif but here are some of my reasons why i think ACE Academy is worth your money.-Great Writing: The writing was great it was funny and charming, i loved the movie refrences.-Great Characters: So far i really like the characters they all have their own unique personalities and quirks, good romance options too *wink* wink*.-Lots of choices: The choices in this game come frequently and offer some vastly different and intresting changes on the narative and adds great replayability.-Gear Management: We haven't seen to much of this right now but it's intresting and i'm looking forward to seing more of this as the game gets updated.-Developers that listen: It's great when developers listen to suggestions and criticisim and use that to improve the game. They are now writing a romance route for Mayu aswell so i salute them.-Great Art: What can i say i love that art style."
76561198048277931,Recommended,396650,21196075,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,iBlessTheFallxX,"As a huge VN fan (Fate/stay Night and The Fruit of Grisaia being my current favourites) I can safely say this is by far one of the best Visual Novels on Steam right now. Amazing art, in depth characters, good humour and plenty of choices are just a few of the reasons why I love it so much. Don't even get me started on the English VA work, which is a huge plus.Only two episodes out so far, but that was roughly ten hours of content right there after running though all four routes, with two more episode on the way.10/10 Yuuna = Best girl"
,Recommended,396650,22483357,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,WAKUWAKU,"Great voice acting, clean art-- Story is passable. Plenty of fun references-- I'm sorry, I lost it at the Zoolander pose.Edit: after completing it, it feels just a tad short, but we've got more coming soon with EP4.It's a very good VN overall and I'd look forward to any expansions or sequels."
,Recommended,396650,22742955,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,deathysayshi,"One of the greatest English VNs out there. I would recommend this to most VN players, and definitely commend the game studio for their work. Waiting for episode 4!Pros- Great storyline and setting- Great voice acting- Lovable and believable characters- Diverse cast of characters- Interesting and simple mini-games that don't take away from the story- Interesting and useful hint system (Character Creation)- Ton of memesCons- Some audio files are not played (Extremely minor)- Some lag while skipping- Ton of memes"
76561198079509705,Recommended,396650,22493536,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Hentai Enthusiast,Innuendo. INNUENDO EVERYWHERE. VAL PAL IS BEST GAL ESPECIALLY FOR INNUENDOS
76561198271031872,Recommended,396650,22486121,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lord Paladin,"Brilliant story, loveable characters, giant mecha fights, lots of choices, little changes here and there with each choice so it has loads of replayability and one of my all time favourite games even though it's still early access.My only complaint is the long time between episodes! But with a full voiced game with this much love and detail put into it, I am more than happy to wait!"
,Recommended,396650,22493892,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,FlashKenshin77,"I've been following this since it was Kendo Crush. I love it, so much fun."
,Recommended,396650,20653333,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,wwpatterson,I've never had such a tough time choosing and sticking to a single route...
,Recommended,396650,20659253,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Meradrin,"The game allows a lot of choices. Might be a bit harsh to obtain it all when it's over and done with, but it's better than a linear story.Heck, you can even choose the main character's defining trait.Really nice, to say the least."
76561198124968000,Recommended,396650,26445107,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Commander Cody,"What can be said? Got it on sale. For 10 dollars, this definitely was a game worth playing. The dialogue is top notch, the drawing is great. Sure some conversations feel a bit awkward in larger groups, but overall the writing is the best I've seen for any VN.If you're considering it, I can definitely recommend it at sale price of 10 dollars. Maybe even 20, if you're really into VN's."
,Recommended,396650,22659065,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Praise Le Toucan,"TL;DR: Buy it.Pros:-Fully Voice Acted (minus the MC)-Ridiculous amount of choices and long stories.-Devs are creating this for fun not monetary reasons.-Devs listen to the community. (Proof: Creation of the Mayu route)-Easy to get attached to the characters.-Every choice will affect your story in some form.Cons:-Incomplete (At the time of this review)-Since this VN isn't the devs primary focus, updates are slow. However, the next update is the final one.-First full project for the dev team so it's still rough in certain spots.-Mandatory QTE battles."
76561198055347286,Recommended,396650,20392637,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,soap [SpG],ok so this game is not yet finished but already it is a lot of fun and very well done. 10/10
76561198057535751,Recommended,396650,21097810,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,limpedpoodle,"Ive always enjoyed visual novels, this one i cant stop playing, and i have work in a few hours."
76561198065655009,Recommended,396650,18214008,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,zerojack1,Hmm my honest thoughts of this VN is that is pretty good but i played both this and kendo crush and doing a complete analazys i can strongly say this VN is pretty decent i wouldn't call it a masterpiece per say like most people would but there are a couple of things i have to say 1. the protagonist both Kendo Crush and Ace Academy of course diffrent but if you have to ask my perfered protagonist i have to say Kendo Crush reason is that you can have him be a nice guy or a total badass deliquent but for Ace Academy is more like his personality is already preset for you so your mostly choices that don't seem to affact his personality well that is my opinion 2. Am really disappointed that the protagonist dose not have a character spirt instead they do a first person view rather third person a lot of VN have the protagoinst in first person and when i played Kendo Crush and saw that the protagonist was viewed as a third person i thought that was really cool but when i played Ace Academy and it went with the tradisional first person i was really disappointed in that i played a lot of VN you can say am a veteran VN player  3. For music it fit fine but not it was not that amazing to say 4. For each character personality excluding protagonist there personality was fine there was nothing wrong with them 5. As for character introduction kind of disappointed in that as how the protagonist met with the first heroin it was just too simple depending your choices of course but still it was way too simple for a introduction for example in Ace Acadamy the introduction was spoil alert here ( met on the bus..... really thats how they met just like that) for Kendo Crush the introduction was introduce better example spoil alert ( first met in homeroom but was not considered a introduction as the protagonist did not intract with her he only intract with her after he saved a neko from a tree is you don't know what a neko is is basicly japanese word for cat. I can go on more and more but am not so is this VN recommended yes for those who are new too VNs but for those who are Veteran VN players i have to say i don't recommended it for veteran players but for new VN players its a yes
76561198012325715,Recommended,396650,18322423,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Orin Scorin',"It is fun, lighthearted, silly, and just plain neat. I sincerely hope it becomes complete because its a simply enjoyable visual novel experience to date so far (episode 1). One of the rare ""english voice acting over japanese/anime style artwork"" where the english voice acting works really well.Just give it a go, Its more entertaining than you'd expect and deserve to be completed/finished!"
76561198074944400,Recommended,396650,34831014,Posted: 9 September,all,portalfan64,"Ahhh ACE Academy. A game that ended too soon. I do not want to write in professional paragraphs so I will do the old positives and negatives then conclusion thing. I am already doing enough writing in my real life.Pros:+ Pretty good story+ Characters are overall good+ Dating Sim was kind of the best part for me+ Shou is best bro.+ Timed decisions are really cool, even though they are technically quicktime events I thought they were a nice feature for a visual novel.+ Mechs, what's not to love.+ MC has my physical traits. That's a personal pro for me.+ Dialogue was fine.+ I like the soundtrack.+ Amazing artwork.+ YUUNA IS BEST GIRL! FIGHT ME!!!!!!!1!111!!11!!Cons:- Visual Novel gameplay can be a big turn off to some people.- Voice acting is so-so but tolerable.- While mechs are great, I thought the fights sucked.- The game makes references to real life movies and TV shows, but boy oh boy the GEAR puns made me cringe!- No route for Mei- Every other girl felt stereotyped and cliche.- The games ending felt empty and unfinished and it looked as if they were gonna go deeper into the story but it just had to end it in kind of a dumb way (The reason for the game's abrupt ending was because the devs said that they ran out of funds for the original ending and length of the game. But still, the ending kinda sucked).- I wanted to spend more time with her....- When will we meet again.... Yuuna?Conclusion:I almost wanted to not recommend ACE Academy for it's ending and price. But because of how immersed I was within the game, I recommend getting it..... when it is on sale. I liked ACE Academy and I hope we will get a sequel some day (for Yuuna). On a side note, the devs do have a patreon so you can support them over there.Maybe someday Yuuna... we'll meet again."
,Not Recommended,396650,33760011,Posted: 23 July,all,LyonDRC,"Disclaimer: I've only played through one route at the time of writing this review. I will update it if my opinion were to change.I found out about thanks to their Kickstarter, back when ACE Academy had a completely different name and setting. Little to say I was really excited about the final product but I was very disappointed with how rushed and unfinished the game feels.I'm going to start with the battle system. I understand that it wasn't their focus while making the game, but I don't think that's an excuse to how lazy it is. I would've love if they designed it so players had to think a little more and not have options that literally say ""Get hit"". They're easy to beat and even if you were to fail one, you can just scroll up and try again.The background art is reused over and over and over again. The Pilot's lounge and Schoolgrounds are used for about 4 or 5 different places each, with others being used multiple times as well though in less amounts. Feels very lazy.And the story.... dear god. Probably my biggest issue with ACE Academy. The other things I mentioned can honestly be overlooked with ease, but the game's story is SOOOO rushed and lazy. I won't go into specifics to avoid spoilers, but the game kills all the momentum and the build-up it had done up until that point.. The problems are solved as quickly as they appeared and it ends up feeling like a joke.There's  other issues with the game too, like how the game introduces new characters but never really doing anything meaningful with them; somewhat important side-characters not having a unique art and just using a black sillhouette; humour being done through references like ""Ceonardo DiLaprio"" A LOT (which I found funny at first but it doesn't takes long until they feel overused); and how some voice lines don't match with the dialogues or say things in the wrong order.Now, it might sound like I hate the game but I actually enjoyed some things in it. The main characters for instance; the game never does anything mind-blowing with them but I enjoyed experiencing their backstories and getting to know them.The soundtrack and CGI aren't anything outstanding either but they're not bad. I won't be listening to any of the songs on my own accord, but I thought they fit the game very nicely which is the most important part in my opinion. The same could be said about the art, though if I had to mention something bad about them is the inconsistency between some of them.I don't think the game is unplayable and I'm even planning on playing through the rest of the routes, but the pros don't outweight the cons for me to be able to recommend it. I'd say that if you're interested and think it might be your thing, then go for it; but otherwise look somewhere else."
76561198288853779,Recommended,396650,25336290,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,caboose511,"TL:DR At the bottom!!I've played a few VN's before but I have to say this is hands down the best I've played so far! The characters are very well voiced, and their stories and personalities are interesting and quite funny at times.  I was suprised at first to hear english voice acting and it did take a few minutes to get used to it at first, but I really enjoyed listening to everyone talk. Never did I feel like I wanted to rush through certain dialogue or skip through anyone's lines.Some of the jokes in this game had me almost rolling on the floor laughing (Ceonardo DiLaprio scene). The memes and references included in some of the dialogue choices were HILLARIOUS (at one point there is an option to say something like ""much fall, very dissapoint."") of course there are much more serious choices too.On that note I think the game does a relatively good job at transitioning from comedic scenes to neutral to serious scenes. There are a few points where you go to bed on a serious note and wake up kinda ignoring last nights mood, (possibly where an episode ended? I bought the game after it had been fully released so I'm not sure) however this is nothing to be bothered with really, it might not even be noticeable to some people.This game really got me invested in the story and the characters (most RPG's do, such as mass effect) where I really felt my choices mattered (unlike mass effect grrrrr LOL) and I absolutely love the main characters relationship with his little sister (kawaii~desu!!) and their uncle. The scenes with her in them kinda made me wish I had a little sis too! (N-no I'm not a sis-con!! Baka!!)TL:DRGreat game!! 11/10 bought it while it was on sale (had it in my wishlist for a while) for $19 I would easily pay the full price for this game. Honestly gave me more enjoyment then many full priced retail games did!  Kudos to the devs, voice actors, and everyone else involved for an awesome game!! BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE VN's, YOU WON'T BE OF DISSAPOINT COMRADE!! Also as a note (you're still here? go buy the game already!) This is the first review I've made for a game before (and yes this is an alt cuz I'm a closet weeb) and I've played many a steam game in my years of PC gaming, so that alone speaks for how good this game is. STOP READING THIS AND GO BUY IT!!!what?you're still here?the review is done.nothing more to see here.oh okay fine...DUCKS FLY TOGETHER!!!!"
76561198082873673,Recommended,396650,32419810,Posted: 14 June,all,PFC Sanchez [2RB],"10/10 one of the best VNs on steam. I even took 3 copies =3. I backed the project since EP1 and oh god has it grown up. If you want choices, you got them. 4 routes and they all tie up the other 3 girls that you are not routed for so no need to feel bad since all of them have a good ending. The VN even goes beyond just the first kiss and showing you dating the person as well."
76561198081083758,Recommended,396650,30563050,Posted: 16 March,all,Uirito,"Thoughts:Salutations fellow Steam community members! This was my first time ever playing or buying a visual novel and I was thoroughly impressed at the amount of content ACE Academy offers. As gamer new to ""visual novel"" games, I enjoyed being able to have the options to choose what the main character (the player) does to develop one's relationship with the other characters; I was met with heart-warming moments, comedic scenes, serious encounters, and an intriuging story that unfolded as I went further. I haven't quite played all the routes quite yet (only finished one so far), but I couldn't resist leaving a review before I went back and do the others.Be Aware:~ The game does reuse scenery quite a bit~ So far I have done one playthrough of many to come and I am currently sitting at about 7 hours of gameplay for time estimate~ I bought this game when it was on sale~ The voice acting is pretty decent, but it is as most of the other reviews say ""It's just there to help with atmosphere."" I certainly agree it does!~ I did notice a few grammer issues like past-tense and pretense errors during my gameplay, but should not annoy you too much if you aren't strict about grammer~ The art style is modern/contemporary and is easy to adapt to~ The music really kicks in at the appropriate times working with the other elements of the gameplay to create that comedic, serious, or warm moment in timeGenre's I Thought the Game Fell Into:~ Mecha~ Sci-Fi~ Romance~ Comedy~ Slice of Life~ SchoolFinal Notes:I hope my review encourages one's decision whether or not if this game might be something one would enjoy. I watch anime myself and I love having the options to weave how the story will unfold, instead of having the story be one way. Definately would recommend this game to anyone who watches anime with the following genre tag combination I listed above. ^_^ I look forward to seeing a sequel and any new VN's the developers of this indie company will produce!"
76561197967845722,Recommended,396650,32604957,Posted: 20 June,all,Maj. Wence [2RB],Well I have to say; this OELVN is one of the best I have ever come across.Great artFun story with good comedyFun Characters (Valerie is best girl )An enjoyable plotsome animation level (IE Eye blinking)Fully voiced with a good scriptIf you like visual novels; especially those with good comedy and an enjoyable story I reccomend you give Ace Academy a try.  And i certainly hope for a sequel for Ace Academy~
76561198055985807,Recommended,396650,24753710,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ďòģģìñğ ďá bøī§,"If you like dating sims and like to make constant choices of what to say and how you say it then this is the game for you. ACE Academy has an intriguing story and Charcters that you will fall in love with and you would want to know all routes that you can take (Played this game legit 4 times just to see each route and loved each one and still play it just because of the charcters) ACE Academy is with out a doubt the best Dating sim there is (Well in my opinion)In short if you like Dating sims add this to your collection, you won't regret it!"
76561198205975347,Recommended,396650,19722034,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,patrickmcclincy,Outstanding game so far can't wait to see the final product.
,Recommended,396650,19933010,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Gudomana,"Before I buy this I decide to ask the discussion board that ""Should I get this?"" and they answer is ""yes"". Well after I finished two episodes and now I have to wait for next episode , it's make me kinda sad.You should get this , it's one of really good VN in Steam. Nice Art , Humors and quite good VA. There'll be a lot of moment that you laugh or grin. Story is not ""Top-tier"" but it's enjoyable. But the character is kinda ""meh"". Most of character is standard girl in anime but even that I still like them.So in the end if you ask yourself ""Should I buy this"" , well I would say ""Go for it""."
76561198049866315,Recommended,396650,19754326,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dis Lexic,"Oh god this game is good! Gient Mecha, cute girls and interesting characters. I will say that the QTE style battles are a little lackluster, but any game that can eat up 15 hours worth of my time without me noticing it is definatally worth a look.EDIT: One thing I will say however is that the puns really need some work. As much as they made  me laugh there still rather painful."
76561198009713169,Recommended,396650,20882733,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Taiyama,"I adore this visual novel. My favorite part about it, I think, is that in structure it's more similar to a choose your own adventure game than it is to most visual novels (that I've played at least). The sheer breadth of choices for simple things is something I really really appreciate. Too often I've been told that ""this person is you"" but have felt a profound disconnect between their actions and thoughts and my own; not so here. In fact, there was only one point I ever felt like my reaction wasn't amongst the choices and one point where I felt a choice was so VERY correct that I laughed and whooped, both a product of my strange sense of humor. (Small spoilers in the next paragraph)The only disconnect occurred when your sister gives your bike a little makeover. I wanted to laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off, own it, and then proceed to drive that♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere. Every time someone made a remark about it, I would proudly proclaim that my sweet little sister wanted to help decorate my bike and I just couldn't say no--she really loves unicorns, can you tell? I would keep doing that until SHE was embarrassed and BEGGED me to let her clean it off. The very correct choice was when asking your Broseph to go to the arcade with the ""The time of cyber skirmishing is upon us."" choice.Anyway, the visual novel itself is wonderful and I love all the characters (I still can't choose a best girl). I don't think there were any of them I didn't like. I kept wanting a button to affectionately pat Nikki (the sister) on the head when she was being adorable. The setting itself is really interesting and a welcome departure from the standard faire (and the option to  name your special move was something I adored). I, quite frankly, can't wait for the next chapters, though I'll probably wait until they're all out and the game is 100% done to play again.I only have two criticisms. The first is that, while I adored all of the memes and little in-jokes, I have to wonder to what extent they're applicable in, y'know, Japan. For example, though I can't be certain as I've never been there, I don't think Japan has stereotypical American fratboys like the kind Shou lives with. It seems to me like the setting would have been better-served with simply having the initial move be one, say, across to the other coast of the United States. I imagine this is simply an artifact from when the visual novel was Kendo Crush and more fully Japanese in setting. Still, this is a minor complaint.My big one is stuff likeTHIS!Look at it! Look at that♥♥♥♥♥♥ And it doesn't end, there are more later! And I can only imagine there will be more still in the future chapters! This is just revolting, insane! These writers just have no respect for the laws of nature or man. They're sick and they need to be put down like the sick dogs that they are. Some men just want to watch the world burn.(jk ilu <3)"
76561198041734538,Recommended,396650,20577966,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ForceDragon23,I literally just finished the current realese at episode 2; and I have to say that I love this game so far and I can't wait for episode 3!
76561198043546385,Recommended,396650,19684724,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,FateBringer,I have to say This game is so Funny! I love it
76561198177548885,Recommended,396650,20410255,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,GermanKami1,"Althought this game is in development it has a great story, art, and voice acting. It has the opertinity to become one of the best visual novels on steam when fully relased and I cant wait for it to br fully released."
76561198003832528,Recommended,396650,19867779,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,E.,"Good voice acting, decent story and good visuals. Hard to say much until it is completed but no regrets on the purchase. I also liked that some of the choices were a bit more nutty, very suiting for me. @@"
76561198157043489,Recommended,396650,20499043,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,knightcommandercrk,How long do I have to wait for the next episode? I was so engrossed in it that I forgot it was early Acess. So much fun. Worth the time played and more.
76561198165443015,Recommended,396650,20235126,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,marv,i am going to be really disappointed if there will be no sister route....weeaboo/10 would recommend this game
76561198119686372,Recommended,396650,18828952,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,b.harvey545,pretty neatan't wait to play the full version
76561198178892237,Recommended,396650,24941135,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Jo the Cat,"Arguably one of my favorite VNs available right now and I haven't finished it yet! The voice acting is superb and fits each character and their archetype nicely. Usually visual novels have that Japanese humor that you'd only find funny if you were, well, Japanese. I was surprised to go through this and find genuinely funny moments that made me laugh. For example, if you choose to hang out with one girl at a certain point, you and her hold tryouts for a singer in a band. A British student with a name obviously a play on Simon Cowell enters the room and harshly critiques everyone. Plenty of cool choices too, though not all of them make a difference (understandably). Anyway, yes you should buy this game.EDIT: After finishing it today, I want to thank the creators of this game personally. While I won't go into spoiler territory, there's a scene near the end of Episode 4 involving the hero's father. My own father passed away a few months ago and I felt I could really relate to my character and his feelings. The part that really got to me though was finding out that your father's name is James. James was my own father's name, and this really struck a cord with me. While I know that this is pure coincidence, I thank the creators immensly for this game. Also, Yunna is best girl and you're  wrong if you think otherwise."
,Recommended,396650,24508480,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Soviet Fox ☭,"I bought this game, and hesitated on playing for a while. Now I feel stupid for waiting; the story has everything I like to see! The voicing is done in English, but the voice actors weren't lazy or half-effort trying when they did this, so its not bad! I'm always overwhelmingly relieved to see (hear?) voice actors from the West (Canada in this case) doing their jobs well. It's not as glamorous as hollywood, but it's still an acting job!The combat you get involved in during the game doesn't have wiz-bang animation, but you have to button mash or lose so you don't really notice that anyway. The characters are drawn very well, the scenery is futuristic and artistic on its own, so its easy to get into the world they want you to see.Also tons of choices, some are timed forcing you to make a decision quickly... And some are varied quite well. Such as getting to choose your response with several different tones, rather than just variations of the same response like many VN's force. I personally enjoy harassing my little sister, like any big brother should.10/10, got to be a teenage smart♥♥♥♥♥again!And the game's protagonist bears whatever name you want him to, he rides motorcycles and he's a mech pilot. It's a game after my own heart.SYNOPSIS:+ Excellent character art+ No half-effort voicing+ No spelling errors+ Characters actually have different personalities+ Many choices in dialogue+ I get to relive being a smart-alec young man+ The story is interesting if you like sci-fi, mecha (even mechwarrior-ish somewhat)+ The bartender laughs when you ask for 'healthy' food- Combat animation is a little lackluster- They're speaking English in Japan lol- Would be nice to be able to swap WASD to arrow keys for the combat button-mashing, but this is minor"
,Recommended,396650,23493851,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Striker,"It's really good with great humor, found myself laughing plenty of times. (I usually don't come so fast) too funny xD"
76561198106950787,Recommended,396650,23602399,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PcPlayer,"8/10 - Funny but serious at the same time. Doesn't have mutch of a plot, you just kinda go along with your sci-fi high-school/university life."
,Recommended,396650,24101392,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gretel MK II,"As of this review the game is currently on Ep.3 and let me say its a cliff hanger. Now this is my first time actually engaed in a visual novel, most of my gaming came from playing First.Person.Shooter as a kid, like Halo, or Medal of Honor. The game, story wise is incredable, with its cast of lovable charcters that grow onto you as you progress as a male transfer student to the ACE Academy in Japan.There is combat during the mech matches (ie. you fight in giant robots ""plot of the game""), but in reality its mostly quick time events, and choices that requires you to press an option in about 3 seconds or else it will pick randomly or fail you on it.Romance is prevelent as theres a total of 4 girls to choose, each with unique personalites and the small decesions you make with them if you want to be friends or more.Voice acting is great although you may here when the voice acter speaks a little too far or close to the mic giving them an echo effect sometimes, but really its nothing that ruins the game. As for the art its very sleek and clean and has lots of details in it. Although background charcters like workers, gaurds, generic college students and professers are just black cut outs, yet they have voice acters, so they're not just black silhouettes  with nothing to say but text.As for the story its really engaining with the occasional pop culture refrences to anime tropes, popular animes, memes and movies like the God Father hidden in the dialouge. Each charcter has a hidden past you must pry into as everyone even your self is getting to know each other and part of the game is to interact with everyone but becarful of what you say and risk hurting relationships with others.Price value is a bit high for a game I just played for 5 hour (till Ep. 3, game is still incompelet at the time of writing this), but its worth it as theres animations, insted of still art charcters, some 3d modeling, and great moments that will make you just laugh."
76561197987549192,Recommended,396650,23321290,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,|)ark Knight Yotish,"I like the story and the comprehensive choices and details.  There\'s so many storylines, I\'m not sure if any of it weighs on future outcomes, but it appears to have some impact in certain situations.The english dialogue is amazing & appreciated edition to the genre.  I don\'t see this option barely ever so I\'m extactic they chose this route.  The voices/tones/attitudes of the characters give them a lot of individuality & attaches you to your favorite characters.  The character story depth is fun to follow and with the variety that will make you wonder what you missed out on.The game adds a nice twist to choices based on your character type & some other twists to test your agility & memory.  The music is definitely fun and sets the tone for the situations.  Art is great.  There\'s so much I may have missed something but if you like this genre worth a buy.  I\'m not through the story, but I\'d love to see more like this one."
76561198138823217,Recommended,396650,23508305,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,amviper91,i love this game its a must buyfantastic story and very well voiced and beautifully illustrated
,Recommended,396650,30737736,Posted: 25 March,all,RapperGerste,"First of all thank you so much for this unique experience, PixelFade Studio, that ACE Academy gave me. It's definitelythe best Visual Novel I have played so far, every character feels so alive, the story and decisions you make throughout the game are well-designed, and the audiovisual quality is one of a a kind. From the screenshots alone I wasn't convinced about the GEAR-Fights at first, but when you are actually for the first time in a battle, it matches so perfectly!Thanks to voiced actors the reading gets a lot more appealing than those walls of texts you maybe know from other games.Yes, it's a bit short, but therefore it's a rollercoaster of emotions. Just that in my opinion it's a good mixture between serious talk, lovey-dovey, Bromance and comedy. So the term slice-of-life is probably the best way to describe it.I can only hope you guys keep your work up, and please, bring us a sequel one day too!Whoever is sceptical about Visual Novels, but wants to give this category a try, this game is definitely my recommendation,but ACE Academy might set your bar of expectations of other VNs quite high...PS: I agree, I'd love to see achievements and trading cards for this game!"
76561198101663378,Recommended,396650,25591554,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Summoner Blaze,"I really enjoyed this game however it had some flaws like most games do but it could use more information in the HUD i.e. Date.I am really upset with the ending. I don't really know how to feel other then upset even though they had explained why they ended it the way they ended it. I just feel like there was no ending. At least a good one.The girls was alright but it would be nice to have a look at all the girls personality and a score of how they feel about you to get a better insight of how much time you have to put into them before getting closer to them.I could go on and on but I want to finish with this game had a lot of potential but it feels like it was wasted because of the RPG and there was almost no real RPG elements other then the inital character creation that made some changed scenes; however it didn't make any real game impact. I was pretty upset that you really couldn't change anything about your character other then your name and type.Now if you want to buy a game for the Visual Novel, buy the game for a 8/10 storyline and if you're looking for a Visual Novel and some RPG elements, don't buy this game since it is mostly story."
,Recommended,396650,25314170,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,(SHN)emmie_girl,The game is now fully out :D It was fun to play and it has a good story. The art is really pretty while the voice acting is very well done! A+
,Recommended,396650,25481633,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Norjen,"Possibly one of the best visual novels I've played.While lacking a tad on the design side for minor characters; (Black silhouettes)It was still an incredibly enjoyable experience with witty writing, some nice feels, and overall a generally entertaining story.Choices affect the game minorly; mainly deciding relationships.However, I actually replayed the game just to see what happens in all the different routes as the writing is genuinely that enjoyable.Overall 9/10 I'd reccomend trying it out."
76561198016937590,Recommended,396650,23553639,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Christinger,"I highly recommend this game. The Story, the Setting, and just all the different characters help make this game come to life. I was a little hesitant before buying this game seeing as I don't really play VNs at all really, but after buying the game and playing through it twice so far, I've never looked back. Hopefully Episode 4 won't really be the last one if anything because I want the story to keep expanding. 10/10 for the game itself, 11/10 for the Soundtrack imo."
,Recommended,396650,32738203,Posted: 24 June,all,PSYCHOモンキー,"AAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHH I THOUGHT YOU HAD MY BACK BROSEPH! GIVE ME MORE CONTENT!I just finished my first full playthrough of the game, And I am filled with a wave of sadness that I feel after finishing any DAMNN GOOD visual novel.I call it 'Visual Novel Depression'. And my emotions right now are sky high....I am struggling to put how good ACE Academy Is into words...It can be funny at times, it can be absolutely hilarious at times, it can be serious at times, it can be saddening at times, it can be corny at times, and it can be downright heartbreaking at times.So many emotions filled me when I played this game.ACE Academy is set in the year 2049 and is the story of a young man (Name chosen by the player) who is an American transfer student in Japan and is sent into the country's most prestigious mecha pilot program at ACE Academy. The mecha in this game are named GEAR.I won't give away any more of the story, but there are a number of girls that you can romance, all followed up by a compelling story worth investing your time into.This Visual Novel has a number of quirks that kept me entertained, and the thrill of jumping into the cockpit of a mecha is unmatched and it left me feeling anxious before every battle.ALL the main characters have distinct personalities and for the most part are very likeable people (Yes, even Kaori), I wanted to spend as much time as I could with everyone. I will definitely go back and play the other routes.The art quality in this Visual Novel varies. You can definitely tell it was crowdfunded. Some artwork can be absolutely outstanding, yet others lack appeal or variety. I guess it was smart use of the artist(s)' time but I would have liked to of seen more scenes and environments, and some characters are lacking models, being replaced with just generic silhouettes.The music, while repetitive at times, generally fits the scene really well and can really drive home the emotion that the game is trying to project on the player at any given time.Still though, the game is fully voiced in English with exception to the main character. Which is rare to see in a Visual Novel.I thoroughly enjoyed the voice acting! It's great for the most part. Some unimportant characters lack enthusiasm at times, but I was generally impressed.Some of the voice actors definitely have a big future in the industry If they so choose to pursue it.This has been one of the best visual novels I have ever played, to date, And the limited budget that this game was made on makes the achievement that PixelFade has accomplished even sweeter.Their team has managed to create a memory I will never forget. A true experience.The witty and creative writing pulled many genuine laughs from me, with many jokes and references from the real world included in the game's world.While a lot of the game's outcome is static, there are still a lot of great dialogue options, with some leading to absolutely GENUINELY FUNNY responses! I had to go back and select a few different options most times, as I wanted to hear what the characters had to say.Fortunately the game's autosave feature makes this very easy to do, as the game will have multiple savepoints during choices requiring the player's input.The Visual Novel is also not shy to make fun of itself as well, even breaking the fourth wall. All in good taste.This VN sets the benchmark for the rest of the genre and is definitely worth the price. (If you catch it on sale then please support the devs on Patreon or something! They really deserve it)I didn't know this was an indie game until I realized it at the game's ending credits. I would have been led to believe otherwise if it wasn't mentioned.I can't believe I didn't pick this up sooner.Wonderful!TL;DR:+ Story execution was totally nailed.+ Great humor, I laughed more times than I laugh at any 'comedy' movie, and the story still managed to be emotionally investing.+ Characters have genuine, likeable personalities.+ Fully voiced in English+ It's genuinely fun. I don't usually binge play or binge watch things. It usually takes me days to finish a full length movie. I couldn't stop playing this however!+ Quirky and very intelligent script writing.+++ You get to pilot a freaking mecha! Who doesn't love that?~ Artwork quality varies, Some characters are just silhouettes~ Music mostly repetitive, however appropriate for the situation- Full story only took about 9.5 hours to complete. (One romance route). Harsh giving this a negative considering the game's limited budget and resources.- There's so much more that could have been explored with the main story. A few things left unexplained.PLEASE OH PLEASE GIVE ME A SEQUEL ONE DAY. (Maybe I will have to wait until 2049....)DAMN YOU PIXELFADE, I WANT MORE!"
76561197985678141,Recommended,396650,32681670,Posted: 23 June,all,(color=purple)CrispyJello,"Usually I'm not the most cheerful person around, but with ACE Academy's insanely fast rate of fire of memes and stupid-a$$ references I found myself facepalming and laughing hysterically more often that I have been in weeks, maybe months.Although in the beginning I attempted to immerse myself in the world the game is set in, I found it difficult given how the dialogue options are even less indicative of the general tone of response than those found in Fallout 4.But regardless of this, the dialogue while lacking in ""depth"" was very well written and gringingly lovely.Also, possibly due to an error in my part I ended up trying to court a taken woman for about 9 hours before realizing my mistake, so it certainly qualifies as a simulator in my books... Funny..."
,Recommended,396650,32933204,Posted: 28 June,all,sseviyyx,"ROBOT ACADEMY WITHIN, IS THERE SLICE OF LIFE ON ITdid you know what every part of this vn is about the text...the text is very small that you need glasses to read it xD (Joking)welp the common story is nice and good plot  toowhen you look inside the art is actually  goodthe CG .. erm ... i like the CG of Valerie.. she's romanctic type and cute too xDand too much text on it 'till i skipped each part of it ..not much i want to say, this is the overall of the route!!~Valerie - 8.8 (Best romance)Kawori - 8.3 (common tsundere route)Yuuna - 7.9 (big oppai related and nudity)Mayu - 7.7  (Nerdie Route and Violin Lover)The Story - 7.8IT IS NICE GIMenjoy your time. Sincere,sexyiyyx (as my friends call me like that) xD"
76561198280153988,Recommended,396650,24752520,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ZeroThePhilosopher,"Super fun game. Voice acting was great, art was nice and colourful, story was brilliant. Perhaps some deeper character development might be interesting, but regardless this was a great game overall"
,Recommended,396650,34223403,Posted: 13 August,all,Mr.Ownage [FTW],"Mostly spoiler-less review of ACE Academy, includes some but they are marked with spoiler tags, so don't worry!Even though I didn't play TOO much of this VN (heck, I can say you can't have enough of this), I still find it a very well made one, easily one of the best so far. I had no issues with the game overall, being made by a Western team and having English dub as a base only makes it more enjoyable. The story is also alright, but there is much more to this game which I'll be covering.Like others mentioned, it's easily noticed that the cast has some very well-known anime trope characters, but that's not an issue (for me at least), and each cast member (even the side ones who also have voices!) was unique in their own way. Not wanting to spoiler the story and what you'll see for you, I'll just go ahead with the ""good and bad"".GOOD POINTS :+The overall design : Choices. That. Actually. Matter! A nameable protagonist! Fight scenes! Multiple romance routes! English dub with just about everyone voiced! These points pretty much explain it.some may say the fight scenes were mediocre but actually I really enjoyed them.. Speaking of choices. there really are a lot of them, and choices made may, sometimes, affect the choices afterward! I won't be getting into these examples to avoid some major spoilers, but you'll see for yourself.+Price : With it's length, multiple romance routes and HUNDREDS of choices, comprared to other VN's, 20 euros is an extremely generous price. It sometimes even goes on sale (I got it for 5 euros), in which case it's basically a steal!+The characters : Some of the characters are easily recognisable anime trope style characters, others just go so overboard with their lines it's very funny. As an example,""THE SUN SETS, AND SO WE DEPART!"", and :""TO SPROUT INTO A MAGNIFICIENT TREE, WE MUST FIRST WATER THE ROOTS!"".+The story overall : Just go see for yourself. You won't regret it ;)+The interactions : Some bring joy, some bring tears. Go and find them all :D+Length. I played the game for 14.5 hours at the time of writing the review.Did two routes so far. About four to go. Got a lot to do.BAD POINTS-The ending :Some people have already mentioned the ending being lackluster, and I'm no different. Without giving away too much, after how the game goes, the ending is just... there. Good buildup, but nothing exciting happens afterward, also making the choice before it kinda meaningless. Let's just hope PixelFade will do an ACE sequel soon ^^-ACE Academy : Supernova not yet existing. Self-explanatory.-This game has no more bad points/cons. That.... was about it. Seriously.Overall, it's a solid 9 out of 10 for me, the only thing that prevents it from getting a 10 in my viewpoint isthe already mentioned ending. Otherwise, it's a superb (and it needs to be pointed out, English!) VN to spend some time with, and trust me, it will be a great experience!"
,Recommended,396650,20023251,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,LoganIsNotCool,"Fifty Shades of Gear was 10/10 - IGN(My Actual review down here v)This is a rollercoaster. Not just a kiddy ride, or a scary loopy-loop, this one is all sorts of rides. It was a ride full of emotion and experiance. The characters had made you have a connection, and the story was really interesting. Most of my experiance was comedy, and too be quite honest, I loved all of it. It made me laugh, alot.But when episode 4 came out, I noticed our ride was finished. Every character I loved somewhat goes away after those credits. I didn't get any girls unfourtantly, but thats because I kept going the ""Not my type"" route (if that even is one?). Anyways, back on topic, this was worth all the money I paid. I recommend you buy this game if you're into romance, comedy, action, and suspense.Overall, I rate this game 9.5/10 It made me experiance something I never had on a Visual Novel. Thanks PixelFade!"
76561198123214354,Recommended,396650,20952200,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,nathanacb,"So, so, so, so good. I've fallen in love with every character including the guy best friend, amd trust me that never happens. Even from the first two episodes I'm entranced with the devolpement of each character and how the main slots in. If you like any form of VN get it"
,Recommended,396650,32945042,Posted: 28 June,all,Wacky-Wacky Psycho CS.MONEY,Nice game for the price tag!
76561197970476758,Recommended,396650,25274201,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cpl.Facehugger,"ACE Academy is possibly the best western-produced visual novel I've ever played, tied only with Katawa Shoujo. Its characters are generally funny, and their struggles and emotions feel genuine and sympathetic. The CG artwork generally looks great, especially the mecha scenes, and the music services the experience well. It's got some decent length to it, and the characters are all charming enough to make the routes worth playing, so there's good replay value here. Even the stock tsundere archetype character feels charming when you get to know her, though she only really opens up on her own route.One particularly good thing about this game is how it's fully voice acted (there's a few lines by minor characters that aren't voiced, all the main characters are fully voiced, and most of the minor characters are too). As in, it's all in English. Now the voice acting isn't perfect, but it's not bad either and it lends a tremendous amount of flavor to these characters and makes them come alive in a way that a lot of other visual novels don't. After seeing how well it worked here, I definitely hope more western VN devs spend money doing this, because it adds tremendously to the game experience.I didn't experience any technical glitches or issues during my playthrough, so that's always a plus, and it's a pure VN running the renpy engine with no oddball code tricks so it should run nicely even on low end systems.I also particularly like how certain choices, especially during fights, are time limited. (You generally have ~4 seconds to make your choice in these situations.) It really keeps you on your toes and sells the notion that this is a tense situation that needs quick thinking.There's no stat management or other gameplay mechanics here; it's a pure visual novel, executed nicely.The devs also seem pretty responsive to the community, and they do stuff like give you the OST for free instead of making you pay extra for it like most devs do. I get the feeling that they care a lot about the story they're telling and care about the craft, rather than nakedly grasping at profit.That's the good, but no review is complete without talking about the bad.So, the plot itself is not hugely meaningful or nuanced in its own respect. It's a guy's life as he tries to become a mecha pilot. It's mostly slice of life (very enjoyable slice of life, mind you), with a serious plotline in the background that starts strong but doesn't go the distance. If you like slice of life with enjoyable and charming characters, you'll love this game, but if you're looking for a serious business story, you might not enjoy it so much since there's not much seriousness and what serious plot there is fizzles out in a fairly unsatisfying manner.Nowhere is this more apparent than the ending. It has a serious emotionally high stakes premise that builds up in the background for a fair part of the game, but ultimately when it comes to a head, it feels unsatisfying and doesn't have much emotional payoff. Worse, you get invested in all these characters and hope to see what happens with their lives and relationships... But the game just ends and leaves you hanging.Don't get the wrong idea. We're not talking about aterribleending like Mass Effect 3, Fallout 3, or Sunrider Liberation Day's pre-DLC ending. It's just a disappointing ending because the conflict ""resolves"" itself too quickly (but doesn't really resolve itself), leaving everything open ended and hanging. Some people might enjoy an open end that they can fill in with their own imagination, but I prefer a little more structure and would have really liked an epilogue to see what happened to all these characters I grew to care for. It's like...Imagine a burger that's delicious up until the very last bite. Then that last bite is bland and unseasoned. Not bad, just... Meh, especially in context of a burger that was until then juicy and delicious. That's this game's ending.There is also a slight problem - more an annoyance really - where if you choose to spend time with a character you haven't spent much time with up until that point, the game will give you a tell rather than show summary of what you would've done together if you had spent more time with them, and then lead in to the event you would've seen at that point if you'd been spending time with them all along. (Example: Mayu likes music, but I'd been focusing on Yuuna so I didn't know this. When I chose to spend some time with Mayu late in the game because everyone else was busy, the game told me I'd been spending time with her in the music room helping her set up a band, then had me helping her with the audition for her band's vocalist even though I knew nothing about this beforehand.) This is better than just assuming stuff's happening without telling the player anything, but it still tickles the back of my mind.But beyond that, there's not many other flaws. I mean, I could always ask for more CGs, more content, but it's not like there's not a decent amount of content here already. I could ask for AAA quality voice acting, but that's unreasonable given the game's budget and the voice acting we have is charming, flavorful and nice in its own respect.Also, I should give my above criticism a caveat. While the serious plotlines generally don't go anywhere, some of the individual emotional scenes are very touching - the scene with your little sister in the park late at night comes to mind immediately, and generally all the scenes where the girls talk about their innermost feelings are good too. This is a game that is driven by its characters, and it's at its best when showing these characters. It's not a plot driven game.TLDR: Great slice of life visual novel with appealing, vibrant, and fun characters and a great deal of humor, let down only by meh ending and its main serious subplot fizzling out in said ending. Definitely worth the money they're asking for. 9/10 would buy again, likely to buy these devs' next game if it's as good as this one."
76561198037170814,Recommended,396650,24170767,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AwesomeonexD,"First early access visual novel that I play.I can say that they did a great job :D. The story is interesting. It only get serious at the end of chapter 3. ( which the end is a cliff hanger xD )The interaction with the characters are fun as well since there are lots of choices to choose from, an some of these choices are funny xD.There are romance in this game as well. ( Can't decide between Yuuna and Kaori xD as both of them are awesome. Valerie is amazing as well but not really my type xD. Mayu belong to Shou)I also like the voices of the characters. The VAs did a great job.The soundtracks are nice to listen to especially the battle music(those are just epic xD)What I don't like is the battle system. It is quite dull as you just use the wsad buttons on the keyboard.  But that is just a minor problem for me xD. (It's easy to win :P )I also don't like how they end the episode 3 with a cliff hanger but that is just a small problem xDOverall 10/10Totally Recommended :D"
,Recommended,396650,33960782,Posted: 1 August,all,#Splitsy™,"This game is absolutely brilliant! I can't get enough of it! It's interactive, funny, interesting and you really feel tied in with the game. I'd easily pay £15 for this, but at £3.74, it's an absolute steal!100% recommended to anyone with any interest in visual interactive novels."
,Recommended,396650,28496048,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nanashi,"ACE Academy is kind of a weird game to review for me. I really love the game, they really put in a bunch of content in the game that i genuinly liked, but at the same time, I felt it missed a few things.Replayability is really high. Not only are there four girls you can romance, but you can also do a friendship ending with your bro. I liked most of the characters, some definately more than others. Not just for the route choises, you also chose what type of person you are, from being an athelete, smartie, or a guy that is really observative. Athletic lets you accel at doing physical stuff, which could impress the more physical types of characters, and occasionally highlight quicktime events that'll let you do the best at. Intelligence was probably the weakest, since it was mostly for remembering things, but it did help with characters like Mayu and Yuuna that like guys that are more inclined to read. Intuitive gives you some extra conversation options that you wouldn't have otherwise, and I think it was my favorite of the builds for that.The artwork and music is really good. They have multiple artists, and it definately shows, especially in the mecha section, but they all seem to kind of blend well together, and none of them look bad. Some of the music pieces I really wanted to jam out to, like the music that plays in mecha battles for one. The voice acting was also good, though there were some characters that sounded terribly directed, bored, and or had a bad mic. The main cast are all well voice acted though. I especially liked Nikki's VA. VA is in English BTW. So to some people that might be a turn off, but I like English VA, and have heard some of the actors in previous indie games, so it was nice to hear them again for me at least.The bad points are, I think they put focus into some things, and ignored other things they could have done. The game is filled with memes and anime refferences, and a bunch of events that don't really have much substance other than ""spend time with your waifu."" I was kind of surprised when the game ended my first time through, because it was really underwhelming for me on how it ended. Mecha battles weren't really as fun as the first match, which left me wondering why bother programming the prelims mash d to attack and all if it was never gonna come back? Not to mention, there were a lot of areas in the game that were really American. An example: Kaori's date at an anime convention. Events like that in Japan are much different than the ones in America, and the inconsistancies in Japan stuff rubbed me a little weirdly. It felt like, maybe, the most they knew about Japan, was from Anime or video games like Persona.There were a lot of little things they put in the game, like the game creators in the game universe, that took away from the time they could have put into actually adding on to the plot. In the end, looking on the main plot, it was pretty underwhealming. I also wasn't very fond of the more perverted options you could have chosen but that's just me.Does that make it a bad game? No. I think it was a fun game to play, it just had a lot of hit and miss moments. Even with the amount of filler content in game, spending time with everyone was still fun, and I liked coming back and seeing what each dialogue option did.  I do think, that if you're interested in the game, its a fun game, well worth your time... unlessyou hate open-ended endings."
,Recommended,396650,34021136,Posted: 4 August,all,Dr3i 3D,Ceonardo DiLaprio > Broseph > This Game9000 / 10
,Recommended,396650,24717637,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,eezin,"God Damn that was a wild ride, but amazing. I had a lot of fun playing it and i'm sure everyone else did too, anyways here are my thoughts.Where do I begin. This was nothing short of a masterpiece, it was fun, energetic, and really made me want to keep going without stop. I got this game from my cousin who likes these games and gifts the ones she truly enjoys to me, but unfortunately I already bought the game, but never played it so I decided to and i'm not going to lie this was an adventure. The voice acting was spot on, Character models were fantastic, and the girls were phenominal (Mei should have been a choice honestly, she seemed like it would be an amazing experience). All in all this game was tremendous, I can't state that enough. Spectacular job Devs please make more soon.10/10 ACE ACADEMY: SUPERNOVA ;)"
,Recommended,396650,26456196,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,eMcchi,This VN is Almost greatPros:-Good Sountrack-Voice acting-Story-ArtCons:-i Need treding card ..... forgetten-i found lost voice-i hate my first router :(overall 85/100
76561198325039775,Recommended,396650,30568270,Posted: 17 March,all,Emiya_Kaito（AFK）,"1. I don't like the font used in game, and the sentences lines are too much narrow.Eyes-boring.2. A little sad, no card, no achievement.3. Anyway, I like AmaLee, some one say she has a role in this game, and 75% discount, so I buy this game.4. Truly hope next visual novel game can choose a better font, at least leave more space for each line. Glad to hear Amalee is the  heroine in the next game."
,Not Recommended,396650,27816109,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spock,"I usually don't review games, especially ones that i have yet to complete. However, even with only a few hours under my belt this game is exceptional. It has a ton of references to pop culture that always managed to get a smile out of me and had great character development (at least for the girl i chose). The story is interesting and hours will dissappear without you knowing where they went. Unlike most visual novels, there are a plethora of choices as well as implications for said choices which is quite refreshing.TLDR; Caught this game on a sale but after playing i would recommend even if it wasn't on sale! 9/10UPDATE: Ending left a sour taste in my mouth. It was promising at the beginning but the ending fell completely flat. I enjoyed the ride but i can't give it such a wonderful review with how it ended.UPDATED SCORE: 6/10"
76561198119611997,Recommended,396650,24722678,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,mith326,"Love it, a novel great for anime fans and story only driven games love the charecters and i can't wait for more from PixelFade Studio and it was my thirst Early Access game and it did not disappoint But i most warn new peoples it is a story ONLY game no action Just a good story and like i said can't wait for more"
,Recommended,396650,24722796,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,wilson,"As far as visual novels go this is the best I've played.  Normally i'd say read but this company includes so many decisions that ACTUALLY CHANGE THE STORY that I can actually say ""Played""I was skepticle about paying so much for a VN and may not have risked picking it up if it wasn't on sale but im really glad i did and I will for any future projects from PixleFade.Notes:English voice acted (except for your character and a few lines here and there they dont have in place, im assuming will be fixed after early access is done. At the time of reviewing they just released the final chapter today? yesterday? anyway they just finished the ""Game"" so polish comes now i assume)Tons of choices -including 3 romance options if thats your thingNo H scenes- sorry Broseph try Nekopara.Replayability - the main story can change slightly with your decisions but the real branching path is the three different romance options as well as you can choose one of three ""traits"" for your character at the start, this affects how you can react to certian situations which is a neat touch.TLDRIts worth the price, you actullay affect the game world with your choices, they are not purely for your roleplaying."
,Recommended,396650,24727510,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,TTIO - Puppykit,"Great writing, all the main characters are voice acted, and the characters are interesting.Only two downsides right now: Mac client is a little buggy, and the ending is kinda meh. However, there are a ton of funny, thought-provoking, and/or emotional scenes before you get there, so still worth a play! :)"
76561198150499581,Recommended,396650,24734288,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sicklybeef,"Just finished the story on this,  many different options on throughout the story,  great story line, nice art although its different from what i've personally seen in VNs.   Found only 2 drawbacks personally....  1. some of the character voices sounded strange (possibly because its the first ive played with spoken english rather than just subs but you can turn voices off if you so wish.  and 2. the ending almost felt like they rushed it a little. other than that its a great game that i would highly recommend.  :Doverall 8/10 from me =)"
,Recommended,396650,24240258,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Phantom,"I honestly thought I wasn't going to like the game at first and heavily debating refunding it, but this was all before I played it. After giving a try I quickly found myself engrossed in it. I played for 3 hours straight without realizing it. I would definitly highly recommend it. Also the devs have done a greeat job I am glad my money went to support them."
,Recommended,396650,24737663,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Tigorahan,Semi-Spoilers: That ending though... I was so pumped... HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?
,Recommended,396650,24754403,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Conartist,"Oh my... where to start with this game. First off Id like to say that I have read plenty of VN's both from steam and off the platform. I have seen the good, the bad, and the excuse to make a porno versions of VN's. That being said, through all of the stories ive read through, writing that I have critisized and had to re-read , and Listening to my fair share of ""interesting"" voice acting I have come to one conclusion. This VN is HANDS DOWN the BEST Visual novel I have EVER read/played. The Story itself gripped the MC with intelligent writing, great pop culture refrences (hello ceonardo dilaprio), plenty of moments of teenage hilarity that caught me with my pants down and gave me a good laugh, and in tandem with brillant voice acting it pulled at my heartstrings in both the sad and the warm fuzzy moments. you would look at this game showcasing different girls routes like its a dating sim and it kinda is, however it revolves around the main characters story and the relationships that the player can CHOOSE to develop or not makes it SOOO much better. Now that ive ranted I want to break down what makes this game so good.First: writing and plotlineIm very impressed with the quality of storytelling in ACE and through my reads the writing was always clear and there were no mispellings or incorrect uses of the english language during any of the parts 1-4. The story made me laugh, feel like a badass during the mech fights, feel warm and fuzzy during the moments you spend with the S.O you have chosen and with the family members that surround the MC throughout the game.writing gets a 10/10 for adding the choice ""swiggity swoogity, im comin for that booty"" <-- seems perverted? nope, it makes you laugh and allows the MC to display a more animated personality than whats usually thrown at you.2nd Visuals and music:first off the character sprites are all well detailed and each with their own clear persona defined in how they look and act. I found each supporting character to be in sync with how the devs made them look and even when that transferred to how each characters gear was visually designed made it that much more in sync. The music was a nice add on to the game that never got in the way of the gameplay or voice acting. It pumped you up during action scenes, made emotions come out more in both sad and happy moments and overall was just great to listen too.visuals and music, 10/103rd isnt something thats directly part of the game but rather focuses on the people behind it. While this game was in early access the devs of this game set out to put it together in parts of 1-4. I joined in the game when they had just added part 3 a day after I had bought it. going through the news and seeing the release of part 4 I was very happy that these devs were constantly communicating with players through feedback and were very timely with content releases. Oh and another thing about each release, these guys didnt charge any more  money for each new release of content! you buy it at the beginning for the reduced price and you get the full package the second it comes out. This kind of loyalty reward is something that most devs overlook or try to exploit in players who want their games so Im just giving a shoutout to the guys at pixelfade for doing it right!If you have doubts about this game or wether or not Its truely worth your money Im here to say that you need to stop doubting and just jump in already, your going to love the ride!"
76561198070282770,Recommended,396650,24816598,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,TheFirstFoxx,while I love the story I wish the gameplay was more then a simple clicking game I feel as tho this could become it's own stand alone full length rpg that could rival persona in my eyes it has alot of potential and I am glad I caught tail wind of it but I would find it so much more cool with having to actually manage the games like weapons repairs on Egale and well as give it more time in the whole school aspect cause I was interested on hoe to interact with all characters it just seemed rush and so far the ending made me a bit upset do to there are still so many questions un answered Like I said earlier I feel like this game has a lot of potential I even see how you could have the mech fights a little more interactive altho I do like how you can do stratagey or go on your own but again feels somewhat limited altho all in all loved the game and the references and if you guys wanted to push this game to go further maybe make it a full on jrpg you would have at least one supporter idk if anyone else agrees but I can't wait to see what you do with the rest of it cause hopefully (episode 4 isn't the end)
,Recommended,396650,24771261,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Fritz,Nce Game!好玩
76561198061306278,Recommended,396650,24774229,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Kuraigan,This is a great visual novel! The charaters are well made. The story is interesting and there are a lot of deffirent choices to make that impacts the stroy as well as character development. I only finished one route so far. If you are a fan of visual novels then this would be a great addition to your library.
,Recommended,396650,25328272,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Drekxhin,"The most fun visual novel i ever played, already looking forward to the next visual novel from PixelFade Studio. The art is good the story is fun and english voiceovers that are very good make it an enjoyable read and make it way more fun for me. I will say tho, that i wished the story would continue someday, either in a sequel or extra dlc, but yeah i'm looking forward to anything from pixelfade to be honest :)."
76561198027651850,Recommended,396650,22602177,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Raging Rathalos,"I'm loving everything about the game so far and can't wait to see how it turns out!  My heart did die a little at the cliffhanger ending though.  One thing that comes to mind is that I wish there was a speech log, that or I was too immersed or dumb to find it.Full Version Update: I thoroughly enjoyed this VN in its entirety.  With the complete version, routes averaged about 10 hours (including breaks for food and drink) for me.  The characters are likable and there are plenty of humorous elements mixed in with the suspenseful questions surrounding your GEAR's core.  I may not be experienced with many VNs but this is one I am definitely glad to have in my library."
76561198054847550,Recommended,396650,23031225,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,le_passeur,A must buy game if you like VN.
,Recommended,396650,23137850,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Amane Suou,I have never felt the need to do a review for any game before this. This game is probable one of the best VN I have played. The story so far is indepth and it the transitions and graphics are just amazing.
76561198142407852,Recommended,396650,23203970,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ye Xiu,"ACE Academy is a visual novel that I hold very dear to me. Lets get on with the pros and consProsRealisitic- This game actually gave me decisions that I would of said the exact same thing in which was kind of freaky.Comedy- I had many good laughs with all the characters as well as when you, your uncle Kaito and Niki decide to watch a movie they all have hints towards the tv shows they mimic.Voicing- I love that there is full english voice acting for the most part with the non-playable characters except for maybe a single line I noticed that wasn't voiced.Characters- All the characters are interesting and their is even two characters who have feelings for someone other than the MC I know this is a rare occurence in Visual Novels.Free Choices- For the most part you always have multiple decisions and there is replay ability.ConsIncomplete- This shouyld get resolved since the game is in Early Access.Minor Grammar Issues- I'm no grammar whiz ,but I noticed a few weird sentences.SummaryOverall, I love this game and I have high hopes for it ,but I need episode 4 to come so I can continue to pursue Valerie as the best girl XD"
76561198308272544,Recommended,396650,23286285,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Counternightx,ACE Academy is the greats game so far for me and I like recommend playing ACE Academy but there just stops at episode 3 waiting for more...looking for more episodes in the future ^_^
76561198033133839,Recommended,396650,22711716,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,aaronsupnet,"I haven't played all the way through but I am more then familiar with visual novels and what we have here is pretty impressive. Almost on the scale of the Alicesoft Games.I'm about 3 hours in and I'm already hook. The characters are neat, the story while not fresh is told entirely from a new perspective (the foreign student angle) and can be quite entertaining and the VA does a great job of selling the illusion of this new world (I really like Nikki's and Valerie).Still trying to pick a Waifu but I have a feeling I'm going to go for all the routes.Please go and give this game a try, the developers more then earned their keep with this."
76561198091640546,Recommended,396650,22885524,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bynoan,"Had me laughing all along the way, voice acting is great. Story and characters kept me interested, not surprising since it involves giant robots and cute girls. Can't wait for the next episode!"
76561198075981920,Recommended,396650,22843591,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,trooperryan,so glad when i saw episode 3 was finally released and now it left on an even more intense clifhanger. hopefully wont have to wait long for the next episode. overall a really great VN so far.
76561198072012663,Recommended,396650,22772256,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Deball,A great experience! I don't usually write reviews but this work has a lot of potential! Keep up the great work!
76561198102134353,Recommended,396650,22799188,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Zero De knowl,"Not one the best of VN's that I have played, but it was definitely one of the nicer ones later on in the story. I did enjoy the start, up until the 3rd choice that you have in the story, “WTF” being one of the options kind of put me off a bit and it took me out of the story. It caught me really off guard in a bad way; I was beginning to feel like I might have waited the money for this game. A good amount the abbreviations for your choices put me off, and some just not giving me a good idea of what I thought they would say. Some of them seemed a little childish at times, the wording of the choices or how it was in all caps, I felt like if I would have chosen them your player character would have acted just….like a child? Like for instance “AT LEAST YOU HAVE A MOM” Is not quality writing for a option to choice from.But later on in the story at one point with the Player characters sister, I got a little emotional and somewhat adapted to the way the choices where written, I was still a little put off by some of them, but not as much early on, overall, I started to really enjoy it and I was glad that I kept playing when I wanted to stop."
,Recommended,396650,22803811,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Thef,Even for an unfinished game it is veary good everything from the story to the voice acting is pretty damn good. so truth fully hands down one of the best I have read so fare and am veary exited to see it finished.
,Recommended,396650,22597504,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,iWeasle87,"Ususally My reviews are very small things that I write mostly saying ""This is a fun game"" or something similar. I feel like this game deserves better.ACE Accademy is a Slice of Life / Romance / Giant robot fighting Visual Novel (A game in which the primary aspect of Gameplay is dialogue). If you watch Anime you'll feel right at home. However, You don't have to love VNs or Anime to enjoy this. It's a wonderful game all on its own.The basic plots is this: Your character and your (adorable) little sister move to Japan to live with your (awesome) Uncle. You've transfered into ACE Accademy, a school that teaches people to work with GEARS. Giant robot suits that we fight for sport. You join a team consisting of a great cast of characters, your romance options and a loveable goof. Not all of them are introduced right off the bat but your choices are: A shy girl, A nice girl, A flirty girl, and a... quick tempered girl. They aren't that simple though, each character is deep and very interesting, with their own quirks and flaws.The romance is very well done, quite adorable, and a huge draw for me. However, if that's not your thing, this game still has content for you. The main content is just as well made as the romance subplots.The game is full of funny moments and interesting character development. It also has a lot of pop culture references, which while entertaining, we'll have to see how well they age. Even if they don't age well though, this will still be a great game.The game has a bit of exta gameplay in the form of combat which they described as trying to be ""DDR like"", but they've recently stated that they're going to redesign combat in general.This brings me to my penultimate point: The game is still under development, so the end isn't known yet. But I have high hopes for it. Parts are going to change, and I don't know what E4 will look like, but everything up till now has been incredible.Finally I'd like to say that this game has become my new go to VN to recommend to people who want to try out the genere. It's easily accesable, funny, fun, mixes things up a little, has a great cast, great art, basically it's over all a great starting point."
,Recommended,396650,22722111,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jskyn,"Fantastic writting, solid voice acting, and beautifully illustrated! Definitely recommended. This is my first visual novel and I loved it. Can't wait for more from these devs."
,Recommended,396650,22722342,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DarknessMaster,i do not normal leave reviews i am a big fan of vn type games and this by far is one of best i have played so far so if you want a short buy or dont buy it is a buy for sure
,Recommended,396650,22735498,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,noxa #YOLO #BODYSHOTS,"I was wary because most western-made visual novels I've played have been weak (in art, story, and writing), however it's been anything but. It feels more like an extremely well-localized high quality Japanese game (if not slightly better in some areas).Best bits: hilariously (and thankfully) forgiving quick-time-y segments, great english voices, fun story, no teenage boy self-loathing."
,Recommended,396650,22769176,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Servant_HolyKnight,"I didn't know what to expect out of this game, (especially when I found out recently it had a KickStarter project under the name of Kendo Crush) but I decided to give it a try because it was part of an anime-centric sale. I like to say it was a good investment for Ace Academy held my attention by the end of the demo.Rarely do you get a fully english Visual Novel, and it feels a bit more interesting to me than a regular japanese subbed one. It probably helps that all the characters are well voiced and that you can hear how well they suit their characters. Like Shou Shinjirou, the male best friend. If I didn't know better, I'd say he sounded like Yuri Lowenthall (particularly Yosuke from Persona 4). And it feels fun to hang out with him despite the obvious dating sim with other girls, if only because he seems to have his own romance subplot that you can either help out in or watch from the distance as he remains oblivious.In fact, the whole slice-of-life story is quite enjoyable with all the characters. You have the cute but at times annoying younger sister, the laid back uncle, and the kind and popular ace Ace pilot. And then you have a bunch of girls that you can date; there's the mean captain with a soft side, a smart and shy support with an obvious crush on Shou, the shameless flirt of an engineer, a kind stickler to the rules manager, and possibly a friendly rival to the captain but with bad history. As vague as those descriptions are, that's the gist of the cast.It's actually hard for me to pick which one girl to follow at first, because they're all likeable in their own way. They have layers to them that only through extended hang-out sessions can you see and also realize in how to nurture your friendship with them. Of course, I might have cheated because there's a ""rollback"" system, or at least being able to load to an earlier save or autosave file before picking a different option.And the music is top notch. The instrumental version of the trailer song as you load it up is very catchy and seems to capture the general feel of the game. Upbeat and awesome.Of course, I wish the game would make some changes for the full release. While the slice-of-life aspects are fun, I have little to no understanding of the world lore, despite the little sprinkled in class scenes talking about Gears. Gears are a big deal in the world; there are even movies and TV shows that are like ours but have the world Gear in them; That 70's Gear, The Gear of Thrones, The Lord of the Gears...We hear so much about Gears on a technical scale from their tools to their weapons, including the safe ""recreational"" ones. And yet at the same time don't know a thing. They're a common thing in this world, have their own toy line, and yet there doesn't seem to be any sort of big scale robot war with them. Why do college students have to fight each other? Why are there sponsors for so many pilot teams? What's the benefit of being a Gear Pilot? What do Gear Pilots do when they graduate? It's not like we have Gears of our own in our world so it would help to get some context. It can't be exactly as the same as running tanks or planes because we don't use those to beat the snot out of each other.And what's more, I like to agree with the general consensus that the fast reaction time keys of WASD is kind of bland for what I'd expect in a visual novel with actual gameplay. For the first few matches I wasn't even sure if I was doing something right because there were two points where the gameplay elements screwed with you; first was when you had no weapons and could only dodge and block as your HP dwindled down and your enemy was completely fine (not to mention you couldn't even choose the action; it was automatic after pressing the button indicated). Then there was a match where you DID have weapons, but you got your scrap♥♥♥♥♥kicked anyway because the weapons weren't calibrated. I thought it was another mistake based on the weapons I could choose (and you only get to choose once in this Early Access, between three sets of guns and three sets of swords).They were all story-based defeats that meant to drive the plot a bit more, but I thought I was actually doing something wrong. There was little to no explanation in how to fight other that ""use the weapons at the right time"". But you don't get to chose to go all sword akimbo because the 4 button commands change it every time. You have no control of your protagonist's Gear so it feels less like a cool robot fight and more like a game of slap the coin before your opponent does.My suggestion is that if there is going to be fighting that incorporates the swords, guns, thrusters and shields, let the player make their own choices. Make into rock-paper-scissors, kind of like Fate/EXTRA. There are four buttons, so each one can make a command. Gun beats Sword, Sword beats Thrusters, and Thrusters beats Gun, with the Shield command as an all purpose guard. You still take damage, but not as much as if you got hit with the wrong counter.Still, I was hooked until the end of the 3rd Episode; where it literally ended on a rather tense cliffhanger. Up until then, there wasn't any sense of drama or tension aside from school related problems, and most of those were easily resolved in time. But I think after all the build-up and introduction that there might be a change in the story, as well as an answer to most of the question I listed here.Ace Academy is a very fun game. I would have kept playing until the end and/or got bored if possible. I'm not sure if I can recommend this to anyone, but I certainly enjoyed running at least 5 and a half hours in it. It sounds short, but with a lot of choices to build your camaraderie and possible love interest, as well as some hidden choices depending if you picked a strong, smart, or charasmatic build when you start the game, it has the potential to go on even longer by the time it goes full access. I personally can't wait to play more of this game/"
,Recommended,396650,29443372,Posted: 23 January,all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"Just a fair warning, the review ahead contains some minor spoilers!And finally done! That took me quite a while though. Bought this game around November 2015 and after a whole year, I finally got to sit down and play it on December 2016. After finally finished all the four routes, here's my thought about the game. It's great, it's charming, it's witty and the humor is great too, one that you may not find on the Japanese counterpart. Overall I'm really satisfied reading it. With that said, here's some quick pro and cons:Pros:ValerieGreat humor, the developer knew what they're doing with it, and you certainly won't be disappointedA lot of references to some popular games and pop culture, I actually loved this part the mostValerie best girlGreat soundtrackSome amazing voice acting. I can't mention this enough, the voice acting on this game are definitely top notch, especially for Nikki and ValerieOh did I mention that Valerie is the best girl? I did? Good.Cons:Kaori. Her route feels somewhat...underwhelmed. I think it's because she got overshadowed by the main story and there's not that many room for her development. The only route that I can honestly say I didn't enjoyThe ending kinda ends abruptly, but it's understandable because they can only do with the budget they had and I heard the game is already twice as long than the one they initially planned forThe study part on the class serves almost no purpose, there's no pop quiz nor exam, save for that one part at the beginningSome CGs are being overused a bit much, but this won't hinder you from enjoying the story.I think it's great what they've done and there's definitely a room for a sequel (when are you gonna releaseAce Academy: Supernova, PixelFade?), so for now I'll just keep my finger crossed while waiting for their next work."
,Recommended,396650,33008909,Posted: 29 June,all,ManiaContagion,"I'm not gonna lie; I've never played a Visual Novel in my life that ever kept me hooked and made me want to keep playing after all was said and done. This little indie dev has actually managed to capture something in each character that just sparkles when you're interacting with them. I dunno what it is, but this is a pretty good start to what I hope is a long and successful career for PixelFade.It has problems, sure, but not huge ones. A few weird animation quirks, some typos and the like, but nothing that breaks you out of the game or makes it unplayable. Ultimately, it's a fun game that lets you not only romance a decent character, but lets you build platonic relationships with every character in the game. There's no ""wrong"" way to play it, and there's no negative consequences for not romancing someone.I just finished my first playthrough about half an hour ago, and I already want to boot it up again and start all over.I highly recommend this title, and I hope everyone who reads this decides to support PixelFade in one way or another. They're cool people."
76561197994565624,Recommended,396650,32053588,Posted: 29 May,all,Johnny RonBeard,"I am amazed I have not recommended this game yet.  I guess I wanted to finish all the paths.  The problem with that is, this game is long.  Even skipping everything, it takes a long time to finish a route.  The individual scenarios are hit-or-miss, and they don't always tell a coherent story, but that's what highschool life is like.  Throw in giant robots and a mystery, and you have ACE Academy.  The world and its characters are very interesting and I wish there was more.The one quibble I have is the game makes you participate in scenarios deep in a character's storyline when you're not even pursuing that character.  Guess what: they have spoilers for that character's storyline.Oh well, still recommend."
76561198119598375,Recommended,396650,29409107,Posted: 21 January,all,DuckyZero,"I was almost going to give this game a thumbs down for the unfinished/cut short storyline. But I decided not to becuase I still found it quiet enjoyable. Overall it's a great game with good character development, decent soundtrack, goofy jokes, and great voice acting, so I would recommend that you buy this game on sale if you are really interested.Also I would suggest that you checking out their new developing game called ""Crystalline"" which is going to be realeased sometime in winter of 2017.8/10"
,Recommended,396650,26610768,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Magic Man,"At the time of writing this review Ive only completed one route so this will give a general overall experience I had with game. I’ll probably go back and do a few more routes after I play some other new releases.***POSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD***Pros:Surprisingly wonderful story. It’s rare to find a Visual novel with a focus on story.Tons of dialog choices.Likable characters, which is also rare.Comedy that made me laugh.Simple and easy to understand UI.Lots of bang for your buck. I did one route and it took me almost 10 hours! Now I did get this game on sale, but I feel like the normal price would also be worth it.The game is pretty solid, you get know and learn about each person before you decide who you want to go for. Now I know that’s not something special but the way its presented here really reflects each characters personality more so than if it were to just tell you. Its almost like their actions and personality affect you too.Cons:Sometimes I felt like my dialog choices didn’t matter. I felt like the only ones that did matter where the story line ones. Which were easy to pick out from the others.I’ll probably get flack for this but, a little smut is ok! If you came here looking for animeboobafestu you’re going to be disappointed. At first I thought it was a good thing, but as seeing as there might be none at all, it kind of leaves something to be desired.And like almost everyone else, the ending wasn’t amazing. Its pretty obviously setting up for a second game. But that’s not a bad thing! I feel like it could use a second one. The story defiantly supports it.I feel like the cons are something that can be easily solved. Given that the devs have the right tools and support, I know steam isn’t very friendly to the nudity tag but I feel like the devs should at least consider something like that.TLDR: Solid game. Will draw you in and once you find a character you wana romance it wont let you go. Not many titts in this one boys. Wonderful art work, memorable scenes, and overall a nice little slice of life Visual Novel!"
76561198076347073,Recommended,396650,26612929,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PsychicThief,"Great game. This is my first visual novel and Im glad I went with this first. I loved the story. The story is a little slow for me but I enjoy it. It gave you that extra time to spend with the other characters and really get attached to them. There are plenty of comedy moments that brought tears to my eyes because I couldn’t stop laughing. And I admit there are a few scenes where I was holding back some tears. The artwork is beautiful the only complaint with that is they reuse a lot of them. But knowing they are publicly funded I can understand. The soundtrack is amazing. However like others I didn’t like the way it ended and I know pixelfade said its not the way they wanted to end it. But it feels like they could have done a better job wrapping it up. They left it in way believing they are going to make a sequel and I hope they do. Scratch that….They better make a sequel. Overall great game you will not be disappointed, with the exception of the ending (especially if they don’t make a sequel)."
,Recommended,396650,26598812,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,[4TGG] Anti_Evil,"Ok so i haven't written many reviews but i really enjoy this game so i def recommend it.Pros:                                                                              Cons:Fun                                                                                Feels like it end without truly wrapping up. (second game would beEnglish voice acting (which is so rare in good VN)     great)Enough routes                                                              Could of used additional RPG elements, being able to build characterNice music                                                                    more after orginal choice.Enjoyable visuals"
,Recommended,396650,26608312,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gold Diggah,An hour into the game I got to gym class. Protagonist sees gym uniforms and gets horny. Swiggity swooty he went for the booty.
76561198199079706,Recommended,396650,23772474,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ingraox777,"I have to say this is a really cool story. Had me smiling throughout the entire playthrough. So going to do multiple runs later.  I love all the references. And you even get to pick your special shout. ""RYUU GA WAGA TEKI WO KURAU"" was mine.10/10"
76561198010541864,Recommended,396650,24818305,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The commander,"Ingame dialogue(let's talk about how to make a school slice of life romance visual novel!You should pick popular character tropes for the romance options and make them all into waifu material.If people start saying your project is for weeaboos, then you're on the path to success!)10/10"
,Recommended,396650,25125959,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,HimTheWriter,im gonna be 100% honest i loved this game. i got so hooked i beat it the first day i got it played 15 hours nonstoped and i litrally cried at the end because i couldnt go on i mean what happns next does your charector figure out what happens. ugh its killing me i cant see my senpi anymore nor does she care about... umm yes i recommend this game to all anime or rpg gamers.
76561198117522055,Recommended,396650,26594664,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tshields1993,"It was short and sweet, more of playing a make your own movie than a traditional game but i loved the characters and wish for more."
,Recommended,396650,22437229,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Wilderwolfman,Mom get the camera!!! a well voiced and interesting story on STEAM!? imposibru you say? Well ladies and GEARS prepare to be amazed!
76561198041908007,Recommended,396650,27907110,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Illuminex,"I took a chance with this VN in early access and I can say it paid off. What initally drew me in was the artwork which is very vibrant and clean. The writing is what really kept me on board, it's funny and self-aware. There are plenty of references to pop-culture, anime, and TV shows. They even managed to weave in good character development for all the romanceable characters. All the cast is voiced acted in English and it sound professional and appropriate to each character. The characters themselves rely on established troupes, but I'll give it a pass since the writing is self-aware and isn't afraid to poke fun of itself. Unfortunately, the over-arching plot is a bit unevenly paced and it does end abruptly. As for choices, some of the tiniest choices are reflected later in future dialogue. It may not change the whole plot, but the little comments make the choices feel fleshed out. Buy this game if you're looking to interact with a fun cast of characters. I hope PixelFade find success in this game and I'll be keeping an eye out for what they'll do in the future!!Valerie is Best Girl"
,Recommended,396650,26639171,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,POD7,"Most people would call this a dating simulator, but I'll go a different route and call this an anime simulator; anyone familiar with modern anime will be able to spot influences and archetypes with ease. It's practically it's own meta. I started to groan when I saw the store involved mechs, but they are fairly inconsiquential to the plot; it could have been about eSports (a better one than that free one that's out there) and wouldn't have been effected that much. A very light-hearted romance VN that feels stunted by an anti-climactic ending, but as someone making a VN, I can definitely understand you can only do so much at once."
76561198319957049,Recommended,396650,26720918,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,xxdevilzangel,"This game... Where to begin...I just finished the story and, I can say, that this is one of the best visual novels I've played in a long time. The characters I think everyone can like, and with the different developments in these characters they seem scarily life-like. Even if they're just 2-D images.There have been many instances in this game where I have had to keep myself from laughing too hard, I swear if I had to hear another scene from 'Nikki Vs. Kaito' I would've probably had to restrain myself.But, for those of you who like a good story, with likeable characters, amazing moments and great art, look no further than ACE Academy.I'm looking forward to PixelFade's next work"
,Recommended,396650,27209798,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Austichar,They Shou'd me what they got.
,Recommended,396650,25530378,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Doomdancer,"Decently crafted visual novel that creates illusion of choise, set in a world where some people pursue career of mecha piloting for commercial and entertainment/gladiatorial sector, instead the standard military path most stories take.ACE Academy is fully english voice acted visual novel that manages to do something rare : Not to get me vomiting when I hear the voice acting ( exclude one person, that seems to have bit different recording method than others,hurting the quality,  you will notice it when you get there).Overally it's an on rails story with fake choises that add flavour to the game, you more or less meet most of the non specific events on all routes and only major choise you have to do is to pick who you favour the most, setting your specific relationship routes to stone.Biggest downside to this game is that while most of the charecters are adequetly different overally it has no difference in the story, ending is essentially same on every path you take no matter what you do, also all choises you think will matter do not overally do anything.Never the less, this game is an ok single or double read story, if some of the charecters spark your interest to merit further reading, also messing with ""little sister"" is always fun.It's one of the games I'd like to lean on the "" midway"" vote area if possible, but I'd say the good english voice acting tips it to positive.Pick it up if you are interested in non japanese visual novel that has that Japanese vibe, you won't miss ""original"" voice acting as this game was made in Canada ( I belive in Toronto)."
,Recommended,396650,26568230,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,\\WeebRaymont//,"There is one thing i will say that could summerise Ace Academy, its like that anime that everyone likes, it has mechs, romance, a deep and dark mc history, it has everything.This visual novel is one of the funniest things i have ever played, the choices and story are so comedic, its just too good. This is one of the choices from the game (im trying not to give much away) ""swiggity swooty im coming for that booty"".Given the situation that this choice was used in was just comedy gold or rather diamond.PROS:- Has comedic terms but can also be serious- Quick time events that arent complete bull♥♥♥♥♥♥- It does a good job of getting the characters personalitys out there from the get go- Routes for all girls (kinda)CONS:- Time jumps once, causes confusion- Ends on a blunt note (kinda)- Some bits were a bit repetativeYou cant really fault it too much because it is an indie company and they did their best to strech it out and make it as interesting as possibleCONCLUSION:Must get, definatly. maybe wait for a sale but its good for the price you have to pay.P.s: Support these guys on Patreon they are currently making a new game called Crystalline, it looks very good.If you cant find it their name is Pixelfade."
,Recommended,396650,26632228,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Eyepatch,"Prety cool game, with english voice and good subtitles, its good for the noobs in VN like me:)"
76561198162151750,Recommended,396650,26638606,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Augiedt,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I binged this game and it was hella brilliant.Entertaining, funny, interesting and only the finest waifu material.It kinda sucks though becuase after finishing all the routes I feel empty. Hope there was more ;_;P.S It was a pleasent suprise to see that Amalee was in the game, I support her on patreon."
76561198052187998,Recommended,396650,26597247,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Aelies von Saladir,"Not perfect by any mean, but still one of the best VNs I've ever read.Pros:-Phenomenally written. I could barely stop smilling as I read.-Lots and lots of meaningful and seemingly meaningful choices. Troll choices are always welcome.-Well voice acted *in English*. (I just can't understand why some certain VNs written in English went for Japanese Voice Acting. I really don't. If I want to listen to Japanese, I can read any of the many Japanese VNs)-Music is very nice to listen to, though rarely I do feel that the music playing doesn't match what was happening on screen.-Art quality is usually very nice, though I feel there's some inconsistencies in some scenesCons-The Dialogue choices aren't always representative of the Protagonist's choice of words. Most of the time, it's just mildly different and the choices I see could be seen as shorter versions of what he would say but in some cases the results give completely different feel than what I thought I choose to convey.-The ending, or lack thereof.As this is, in essence a 'Novel', the most importance factor in judging it should be the quality of the writing and the story.The writing passes with a flying colour, and I can't really recall any VN I have more fun reading in recent memory.What we have of the story easily passes as well, though if this was a play, I would say that it lacks the entirety of its third act, and I was shoved off the theatre in confusion right after act 2 ended. Not the best feeling ever, especially since it's so good."
76561198283149955,Recommended,396650,29160066,Posted: 10 January,all,bfcao115,"The story is good, and some of the dialogues are really hilarious."
,Recommended,396650,33980971,Posted: 2 August,all,plk Lesiak,"ACE Academy is one of the best western visual novels I've played to date, even if quite limited in scope. It doens't offer incredible production qualities, as it was made by an indie team and the story is not as expansive as in some top-tier games in this genre. The replay value is also a bit limited, as your choices in most cases don't radically change the storyline or provide very distinct endings like in School Days or Fruit of Grisaia.Still, while not as ""big"" as those Japanese games I mentioned above, it presents an engaging, well-written story with tasteful approach to both the main intrigue and the romance arcs. All characters are distinct enough and have intriguing qualities that makes you want to learn their stories and see different interactions protagonist might have with them. They do not deviate much from the typical tropes of the genre (a shy girl, a tsundere etc.), but they're done well enough to be entartaining and not completely predictable. The two romance arcs I've followed (Yunna and Kaori) were both really well done and compelling and the family storyline of the protagonist, especially his interactions with younger sister, were surprisingly good. The art and music complements the story properly and while the game would probably benefit from more sprites and more dedicated drawings for various scenes, it never felt ""cheap"" enough to make it problematic.Also, as I suggested earlier, I very much liked the approach to romance it took, even though some my find it overly tame. I find this aspect of many visual novels rather exploitative than compelling and the slow pace of the relationships here felt very much natural and appropriate for the characters. Also, the ""dating sim"" component never dominated the story and rather complemented it, with benefits for both aspects of the game.One negative I will have to mention is that with the limited replayability and around 7-8 hours for full playthrough, for many it probably won't be worth the full asking price of 20$. I've bought it on -75% sale and was very satisfied with the content provided, but I think paying more than 10$ would be a bit too much."
,Recommended,396650,22895186,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Jon873,"EDIT: Get it. Quickly, while it's still on sale. If it's not, get it anyways.That's how great the game is. Worth it all."
76561198119654520,Recommended,396650,24431457,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,LibertyWalk,"Just finished it and I gotta say, this is outstanding and I am very impressed with the artwork and voice actors."
76561198080386889,Recommended,396650,22467612,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,[8CLN] Oscar,Either you can remain obedient and follow the plan.Or just go YOLO.
,Recommended,396650,28877269,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hitler-Chan,"10/10""Man i told myself i would not cry, And sometimes that is ok but this game was real on this scarred heart""- Good stuffGood story and good characters.Goofy jokes and all of that.Good characters whitch show emotions both in voice and in face."
,Recommended,396650,28936859,Posted: 2 January,all,Bradette Cage,"What a stunning game!I am not one for ‘Dating Sims’. But I flipping love this game!Let’s do a quick run through shall we?Visuals:They are Good; with consistent quality.Some are overused a bit too much, but I didn’t mind.They can be a bit too… shall we say; over anime.I like anime but some of the drawings were not quite my styleCheck the pictures. You like? Good!Gameplay:Slick; but mostly regular Visual Novel stuff.Does add some extra stuff that keeps it interesting.Lots of choices!I really like the freedom. Even after you have made a decision, you can scroll back and make it again.Sound:Music:Original score is good. Once again of consistent quality.Enjoyable.Voice Acting:This is an interesting one.I would not have enjoyed this game as much, were it not voice acted. (I don’t think I would have bought it either)However, the quality of the VA is - I feel - inconsistent.It is not bad; just not quite right, a lot of the time.Important to note: I am an amateur, Sound Engineer and, Film Director/Editor; So maybe it was just fussy me :PAmateur = Unpaid (but at a professional level)	:(I do enjoy the occasional visual novel. But I really just thought meh when I saw this game, I bought it on a whim when it was on a 50% off sale.It took me 10 hours to play through this game once. In three nights! I stayed up till 4AM every time!Worth it!I gotta tell you I think it is worth full price.Yuuna is best Girl!Fite me!"
,Recommended,396650,30676228,Posted: 22 March,all,Sweet Hersh,"Ace Academy is easily one of my favorite novels. It has beatiful art, multiple unique and interesting routes, and funny choices with voice acting. I'm very glad I bought it and completed the different routes. Having Amalee as a voice actor is just a bonus. I can't wait for their upcoming novel with natewantstobattle."
,Recommended,396650,22795125,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bodybag,I really wanna give my imouto the D. Please pander to me and countless other siscons by giving her a route.
,Recommended,396650,25115314,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Captain Alpha_Red,This game was amazing!! I'm really hoping for a sequel! definetly worth your time!!!
,Recommended,396650,28461432,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Jamtaco,"Such a great game, but there are a few cons.Pros- Funny as♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will be laughing throughout the game- Story has an interesting concept- All the charecters are really fleshed out and just fun to watch interact with one another- Killer writing- Nice art- Good Meta-humor- Good player controlCons- Story is sorta bland in presentation- Story also ends halfway through, honestly I beg this studio to finish the story, I love these charecters so much.Final Verdict:Buy it, play the 9 or so hours they have of one story line (I went for Kaori), be sad there isn't more, and then go back and re do some of your favorite scenes and make differnt decisons."
,Recommended,396650,27738850,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,coke,You mother♥♥♥♥ers ruined every other VN for me
76561198091933172,Recommended,396650,25280283,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Desert Dan,"One of the best visual novels/dating sims that I have recently played. Great characters, well written story, and wonderful visuals. The music alone is a great aspect that really fits the theme of the game. There are various dialogue options and potential routes you can choose from, all which are unique from each other. Also, there is plenty of humor within the story that makes the expericence much more enjoyable. I would defintely get this game, especially if you want to try out new visual novels."
,Recommended,396650,19592581,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Commander Creamy,This game........is just so creamy.
,Recommended,396650,18179817,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Silent_Reverie,"I really like the detail they put into the backgrounds. As soon as I saw the school, I was amazed by a tree in the background. Also makes me wonder what Lord of the GEARs would be like. Really curious..."
,Recommended,396650,18987155,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Crescendo Astrum,Energy output over 9000!
76561198001377619,Recommended,396650,28019206,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ssim,"""Herro derr."" The story how you lose your parking pass. ""Swiggity, Swooty, I'm coming for that booty.""The writing for this game is amazing. 10/10"
,Recommended,396650,34896556,Posted: 12 September,all,CatchingFire57,"Great VN, Finished first playthrough, a very well put together VN that had me attached to the story emotionally. Had feels I didn't know existed. I wish that the end was a bit more further into the story, but I have hopes up there will be a sequel. I do hate that the first run I managed to end up failing o get on a route, but on to the first route from here. One thing I don'tget is how you get the same rank for 2 different choices? Thanks for a great game.Update 2: Loved the Valerie route. I couldn't stop laughing at her showdown with Nikki. Still felt sad towards the end, But still a Glorious game."
,Recommended,396650,21193387,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ben891011,"First off, it should be known that I am an advid VN reader, and have read well over a few hundred different titles, some of which are the most prolific in the industry. Next thing you should know is that I am incredibly picky with what VNs I even consider reading. Now that that is out of the way, to the review itself.This VN is an incredibly quirky and funny story about a guy who ends up moving to Japan, for reasons that are hinted at in the story (As of the time of this review, only episode 2 has been released). The charecters that you are to interact with throughtout the game are at first glance set into one troupe or onother, but quickly begin to get depth to them. The amount of dialogue options in the game give it a very personal and individual experience, something many other VNs in the industry lack, stacked on top of being able to name the main charecter and give him a strength allow for one of the best experiences I have had to date.The actual layout, structure, and the pacing of the game are all very well thought out. Nothing feels rushed, events don't just happen out of the blue, and it has a very authentic atmosphere. All in all, I consider this one of the games I am looking forward to the most in the coming year. If you are someone who has an interest in NVs but has always been scared away, I have confidance that this is one of the best games to get into the industry. I personally started with Fate Stay Night, and have no qualms about putting the this game right there with it. This was worth every penny, and is looking to be one of the best VNs I have had the plessure of reading. 10/10"
,Recommended,396650,21892242,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kaldor Draigo,Incredibly fun game cant wait for episode 3.
76561198083760719,Recommended,396650,24717992,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Chess1077,"What are the odds that I watch the old anime feature length movie ""Akira"", check Steam, find Ace Academy, buy and play it and then find out that two of the characters are named after people in that same movie?!?That was eerily cool for me. Anyway, as far as anime visual novels go, my verdict is yes. The voice acting is good, the characters are interesting, the feels are reals, and the replayability is high. It has given me many grins and laughs. It's very enjoyable.Bad side is the very basic quick time events during battle. It's just click the right key out of the WASD sequence. Game takes up about 1.4 GBs. Game has me hooked. I like it."
76561198056631708,Recommended,396650,24174071,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Draco 505,Dose any one know when the rest of the game will be relased
76561198043583409,Recommended,396650,32698842,Posted: 23 June,all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"Its quite rare in VNs for me to actually not have to pause the game and go to a guide and feel safe trying to romance a girl on my own. Most have a few dumb moments where if you dont go to the right place or make the right choice from what may as well be a series of random numbers, you miss out on a route or get a bad end. But in this one the only time you might make a wrong choice is if you didnt pay attention to when you promised to go on a date with someone. Definitly a good buy.I havent decided on best grill so far so i cannot give a score, just started a romance on my first route and it looks like the plots just kicking up."
,Recommended,396650,32679055,Posted: 23 June,all,✪Shura✪,May the Broseph be with you!
,Recommended,396650,32419719,Posted: 14 June,all,terrman,"Good game, i guess"
,Recommended,396650,22587719,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Kurogane Ikki,great game wish to play the fighting and romance till the end
76561198052706484,Recommended,396650,28721310,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mademan2,"I usually don't write reviews, but I got off my lazy butt for once (figuratively of course as I am writing the review on my pc), because this game deserves more publicity and love!I have played quite a few VN's and while I am by no means knowledgeable about the subject in general I am sure of one thing and that is that this VN is excellent,nigh on perfect for me! One of the best, if not the best VN I have ever played.At first I was unimpressed, the logo, while nice seemed very similar to other VN's and anime so I just put into my wishlist and waited for a sale or if I ever really wanted to play it, but what cought my eye was the english dubbing. At first I was reluctant, because I very much enjoy japanese dubbing, VN's and anime are usually just not right without it, but here, its almost perfect. It adds realism to the characters and makes them seem much more real, not only because I understand them (lol :D) but because Japanese voice overs tend to be a little bit unreal in terms of voice squeakiness. I loved just about all the characters and their VA's, they are well placed and do a good job, if there is anything to criticise about this, it is that the volume and clarity of the voice dips from character to character at times (Uncle Kaito, as hilarious as he is, he is somewhat muddy (?) I guess, not the VA's fault tho, I am sure) but that might be just me or my pc/laptop. The art is great, vibrant and pleasant (altho Mayu cg pictures look very different from her sprite :D) and the music is outstanding, landing the situation proper umpf! when needed. The overarching story is a bit weak, while I was not expecting actual investigation or anything, it was wrapped up very quickly, not badly mind you, just very quickly. But honestly I do not mind at all, the ""main"" story was there just to pave way for the everyday life and the interactions, and it did that splendidly.Another thing that pleasantly surprised me, is that your friends have lifes even outside of you, which is very unusual. Normally in vn's or rom simulators interesting things happen only when MC is around, but here, if you are not spending time with certain people, they still have the same experience, you are just not there and only hear about it later. Girls start dating or have crush on other guys, they get more involved in their work or hobbies etc. its very cool to see and it does not happen very often in other games of this kind. Altho I do have to say I do not appreaciate my anyone getting close to my precious little imouto, that is something that needs to be fixed next time around! :DI have only two more things to say, firstly, with the budget and staff that pixelfade has available, what they did is nothing short of miraculous. You guys do not need to worry about black sprites or whatever, the enjoyment  you have out of this VN is immidiately obvious and it transfers right onto the player. And secondly, this VN is hilarious, I laughed out loud so many times at the small nods and weeby things from both cultures, it was just a blast. Embarassed Kaori si still amazing :D (And I generally dislike tsunderes!) So thank you and to everyone who likes VN's and does not have this one yet, GO GET IT! Yes, that is an order (altho you do not actually need to go out to get it, just click buy)Now, STOP. BEING.A.PERVERT(S). and give us Crystalline :)"
,Recommended,396650,22744500,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Misuto,"UPDATED - Episode 4This review is also reflecting on the newest episode so far and it is time to reflect. Simply put, the soundtrack, voice acting, character development and central plotline are all superb. The twists in the plot are unique and the 'feels' are real in the latest release. The game is totally worth its current price and I would highly recommend that if one has not bought it yet, they would at least consider putting it on their wishlist.So, my ratings:Plot 10/10Character Development 10/10Feels 8/10Soundtrack 9/10Overall 8.5/10~Diabliis"
76561198194311333,Recommended,396650,33981677,Posted: 2 August,all,kingofcats,"everyone was supposed to vote who would be the swimsuit model, all the girls names are written normaly and the guys name was in caps, i chose him and then laughed for the next 2 min. for full enjoyment of this game play the game with a open mind and pick all the crazy choices. can't wait to play more.10/10 would think my uncle was a detective again.update: just beat it, overall really fun. endings pretty decent [WHY DID YOU HAVE TO TROLL ME WITH SUPER NOVA!]  anyways i am play again and am going to make other choices this time."
76561198042896883,Recommended,396650,33859257,Posted: 28 July,all,Merónic,"This game is just amazing. Best visual Novel i have played so fari couldn't stop laughing at some of the conversations, it's probably just my bad humor or is it...the story is great and had me hooked all the way through.anyway i loved this game and all these different choices and routes.i just wish there was some achievments or trading cards"
,Recommended,396650,23883121,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Medjed,"A really interesting story highly reccomended, waiting for the episode to be released T.T"
,Recommended,396650,28072192,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Exudo,"A great step for an indie company, taking steps into the western visual novel scene. Not too long making it a good starting place for people new to the genere. Writing is primarily comedic but can be serious if it wants too. It does get a little cringy at times, but its all part of the charm. Some people say that all the character routes are the same, but this is only true in a very loose sense - with all characters following a similar emotional arc (like the route always starts happy, has a hiccup in it, then its all better in the end) but the characters are noticably differant.The addition of timed events add a little extra spice to the game, but is nothing particualary new in amoungst VNs but it is used a fair amount in the story. This being good/bad is basiclly personal preferance.7 or 8/10 A good breath of fresh air and I would advocate supporting it just so that western developers take visual novels more seriously."
76561198012017280,Recommended,396650,28108303,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Shinsuke Omega,"Overall I have to recommend this game. The developers know what audience they had in mind for this game and I think they produced the perfect visual novel for that audience, the characters are interesting and the humour well executed . My main issue was with the fact the ending came quicker than I expected so I do hope more will be made of this game since I felt I wanted to be able to do more."
76561198317076861,Recommended,396650,24820721,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,zanehasswag,"Although still in Early Access, Ace Academy already stands out to me.The artwork is nice, the music is soothing and well fitting, and the current voice acting is pretty nice even with slight bugs here and there.Overall i enjoyed the unique story-telling and design of Ace. It really captures the moment for me and i found the dialogue choices and few gameplay choices help make this early access game stand out.I'm looking forward to the further development of this game. :)"
,Recommended,396650,24836505,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Wolfsbane,"Having finally completed episode four, I can say with absolute certainty that this is a fantastic and wonderfully-made visual novel.  With giant robots!There are a number of technical glitches, of course, the most notable being that there are several lines of audio in episodes 3 and 4 that either don't play to the wording or simply don't play at all.  However, looking beyond those, this is definitely a game worth playing.  All combat and decisions (including some VERY emotional ones) are based on choices, including quick-time events!  And all characters, both human and giant robot, bring a life and energy to the game.  And just when you think it can't get any better?  It does.All in all, I highly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of visual novels, anime and manga, and especially of mech battles.  Every moment of this game is electric, hilarious, moving, or any combination of the three.  I wouldn't change a thing about it, and in fact, I think I'll play it again!"
76561198120326720,Recommended,396650,24905700,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,evolgenesis,"The game was really good, The story depth and the ingenuity that PixelFade brought to the table its hard to believe it started out with a Kickstarter being kendo crush which saw a demise with the Canadian dollar falling. Though I'm glad I bought the game even if I wasn't there for that kick starter just seeing what it is now was amazing, The perseverance of the staff has obviously paid off with the dire straights they went through to produce the game, Well enough of that time to get back into the game seems I've ended on the alone route lets see where I can go to fix my mistakes XD."
76561198096369047,Recommended,396650,26412638,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Turkey,The refrences are strong with this gameSrly there are soo many refrences in this game from anime to movies i cant stop laughing for even 5 minutes
76561198277715255,Not Recommended,396650,34250584,Posted: 15 August,all,snaple16,"ACE academy has beautiful artwork, extensive characters, and funny stories. I have only done one route so far, but was a bit disapointed with the ending. There is a lot of build up and drama, yet I felt the ending did not cover the scope of the action."
76561198003952569,Not Recommended,396650,25934085,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,foobywalla,"Pros:Lots of nice picturesHumorDeveloped charactersFull voice actingIndieCons:Unfinished Visual Novel.Story ends halfwayBoring after a while.Choices don't matterNo true RPG elementsNo antagonistsOverall, I cannot recommend this unfinished game."
76561197994725020,Not Recommended,396650,25774974,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mark Magin,"Wasted potential.-Lots of black screens with text only.-repeated use of same backgrounds even if its supposed to be somewhere else.-First half was pretty good, then its like they just got lazy and said ""lets just finish it"".-They even have the nerve in the later half to give flimsy excuses for their cheapness.-Tons of short cuts on art.-Horrible ending if you want to call it that, even those who give this a good rating know it and want a sequel because this one just dont cut it.If it was around five dollars it would not be so bad, but there are free visual novels that are far better than this. with a ending."
,Recommended,396650,33063424,Posted: 30 June,all,Samp,"if u don't pick kaori, ur a cuck"
,Recommended,396650,28833965,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Xenith Xenaku,"No doubt about it, this game gets a straight10 out of 10from me!Route Chosen:I chose the Valerie Route the moment i saw her, she is the3rd (2nd on Steam,Iris Heart from Hyperdimension Neptunia being the first) cutest girl i seen in any visual novel, so I had the choose her. Her beautiful appearance and mischievous nature gave her away immeadiately.Final Verdict:As you may've guessed this is a straightYESfrom me and i can't wait forCrystallinethat comes out next year! Great job PixelFade!"
,Recommended,396650,24834348,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Xtreme witty,"if you like like VN you will have a lot of fun.This is not a Dating sim, where you have a lot to do like manage your day or your school life.You only have a few decission to do, like who you want to see in your free time.But this game is really funny and have some beautifull girls as well.i like valerie *_*plse try this game. it's worth it :)"
,Recommended,396650,34806616,Posted: 7 September,all,Bryanna,oh no pass the Petesa tony
76561198121276717,Recommended,396650,25099199,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,mugenTopos,"This is a pretty decent visual novel.  I think its strongest point is its humour, the characters are quite funny.  The story is also interesting, I'm looking forward to what's going to happen in further episodes.  Having to respond in seconds brought in some excitement, although I was hoping for just a little more interaction in the mecha fights, maybe more strategic choices, not just finding the right button.The game's only big fault is that it feels slightly unfinished.  I think showing silhouettes is even worse than not showing the minor side characters at all.  (Not to mention one thing I've never understood in VN's: in public places, why are there no people in the background?)  And it's an even bigger problem that there were small errors in the consequences in my choices, for example with the girls I dated the least it would immediately jump to the second or third one, and I had to figure out some information out of the context.  I also had information repeated, or some information I've received would not change the behaviour of the MC.  And there were a few typos.  I want to be clear about that the plot flows well most of the time, but there are occasional glitches.If the minor side characters get drawn, and the plot glitches get fixed, then I'll be very happy to replay this game."
76561198281501017,Recommended,396650,26652056,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BeefJerky,This game is good.
76561198271687990,Recommended,396650,29887442,Posted: 12 February,all,MidnightRaider8,"I started ""Ace Academy"" thinking it was going to be a simple game and experience; but 5 minutes into the game my assumptions couldn't have been further from the truth. ""Ace Academy"" is a one in a kind experience. It's funny, heartbreaking, and not afraid to take chances. Where many routes dont seem to affect the story in anyway there are still many choices that provide extra or different dialoge and allow you to further immerse yourself into the RPG experience which was a well done twist on visual novels. During my play through I focused on the Valerie route and was sucked into an emotionally fulfilling story between to students. This story was full of laughter and sly comments, but lets not forget about the real reason we play these types of games. Yes, the romance. Honestly fellas (and gals) this games romance was not lacking in any sence. I was immensely pleased how they allowed the dialoge to play out giving the player different options on serious or joking comments and event gave to opportunity to make physical choices as well. Every character had their own unique personality and makes you fall inlove with them. Even Shou, the well known comic relief is an amazing character shaping the story. I can't wait to play this game again and see what other choices I can make and how the story changes. Overall a great experience and a well recommended game in my mind."
76561198208823527,Recommended,396650,30362734,Posted: 6 March,all,kozmeking,It's been sometime that i last enjoyed an NV i had fun reading Ace Academy all tho it ended with a few question i still look forward to seeing there next work :3
76561198172578138,Recommended,396650,25170195,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jameel25414,so much fun
,Recommended,396650,31174908,Posted: 16 April,all,Scouter51st,"Would definitely recommend this game, very relatable conversations or at least they're hilarious #Sarcasm I can't wait to see what PixelFade comes out with (Crystalline *cough*) The ability to scroll back and forth (although somewhat limited) is exactly the thing I look for in mulitple choice and the multitude of save slots I don't even have to praise! But.... I admit PixelFade could have rounded out the ending.... unless... there's a hidden sequel upcoming... ;p"
76561198309125093,Recommended,396650,29196674,Posted: 11 January,all,KaosRules6,This was my first visual novel and it is amazing. the ending is a bit abrupt tho. :D
76561198163939297,Recommended,396650,28725904,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yoko Littner hellcase.com,"""Welcome to the ACE Academy pilot"" They said.. Trust me, they were right. You find yourself sucked into the ofthe story. This game is just FREAKING AWESOME. You get to actually ""live"" as a pilot of an super-advanced Mecha-Botic.. something BADASS robot. But now.. let's move on to the Pros :)Pros :Gameplay - Your choices have a SERIOUS impact on the whole thing , but hey, you can always *cough* scroll up *cough*Ladies - Don't make me write the reasson.. pleaseKAORI - I wish she was real.. ideal gf. Don't wan't to tell you the details tho so you can enjoy getting to know her on your ownStoryline - I think the game has an awesome story. (cried twice)Inside jokes - There's a LOT of them comin'Famous things that already has a name almost every 1 knows - OH god the lord of the rings xDDDCons :Your character -  There's 2 complains from my side. You guys can't just let me handle only 200 pounds as the strongest character choice available. You even called that a ""BEAST MODE"" i was sitting here and then bursted out of laughterThat leaves only 1 thing for me to complain about..I DIDN'T GET TO SEE THEM TITIES *curse you devs* (not really, i enjoyed your game too much to actually mean it)Rating : 10-10 RemarkableIn the end, let me just say that i don't want you to end here. You are just amazing guys, keep it up (please)"
,Recommended,396650,32574802,Posted: 19 June,all,FireyWinters,It was decent.
,Recommended,396650,26555305,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Post-Depression Anxiety Trauma,vereh gyud
,Recommended,396650,32748888,Posted: 24 June,all,VirtualViking,Awesome game hope theres a second one :)
76561198050020408,Recommended,396650,32900003,Posted: 27 June,all,Twain,Decent visuals length and options so far liking it a lot for the discounted price as well.
,Recommended,396650,32888650,Posted: 27 June,all,maquinador,Pretty good
76561198028108509,Recommended,396650,30401329,Posted: 8 March,all,xavmand,"Loved evey minutes of the game, played very few visual novel but I reccomend this one very much"
76561198336741741,Recommended,396650,31187817,Posted: 16 April,all,polerexpress1738,THIS GAME WAS Amazing buy it you will get hooked
,Recommended,396650,34035465,Posted: 5 August,all,Ashorlord,looks cool i guessbuy it
,Recommended,396650,32163329,Posted: 3 June,all,Aesir[WRG],Well written and voiced visual novel. Highly recommened for everybody who wants a good visual novel on steam and not just oppai.
,Recommended,396650,33648865,Posted: 19 July,all,farchettiensis,"Soooooo good, just do it, make your dreams come true."
76561198308931671,Recommended,396650,25098473,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Camdoom8,i loved the game qualties and the choices thhe story line is amazing to follow and the voice actors .....AMAZING I highly recomend this game if you are in to anamie just like me :p
,Recommended,396650,33088762,Posted: 1 July,all,AvenMai,"I didnt expected this western visual novel to be this good. Well done job, I only played Valerie route tho and it was amazing, I hope playing other routes will give me new expierence as japanese visual novels do."
76561198225607104,Recommended,396650,30791597,Posted: 28 March,all,Baba ♥,*This content has been deleted due to excessive amount of weaboo and waifus♥♥♥♥♥♥ We apologize for any inconvinience. -Steam Support
,Recommended,396650,19592473,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Drakensson,"I was going to provide you a useful, analytical, detailed and great review, but to hell with it! The only thing that matters to me was ONE particular scene in the game:""YOLO!""HAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA XDSCORE: 1281128 / 10"
76561198156177100,Recommended,396650,33510731,Posted: 13 July,all,EpicEnoch,THIS IS THE BEST VISUAL NOVEL I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!! The ending got me crying man T_T its like breaking up with your girlfried. 10000/10  I fully recomend this amazing game.
,Recommended,396650,31613311,Posted: 7 May,all,Sunny_Choppers,Ace Academy 2...... It needs to happen...
76561198041708325,Recommended,396650,25968610,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Akiraspin,"Better than 90% of VN's on steam, funny dialogue, great characters, excellent voice acting. The only thing I would change is the length, this game isn't nearly as long as some other VN's like Katawa Shoujo or Steins Gate, but hey that's just my opinion. If you like mechs, if you like VN's, if you like gratuitous 4th Wall Breaking, get this NOW!"
76561198248794868,Recommended,396650,30455080,Posted: 11 March,all,Memerie,"The ♥♥♥♥ing killer, this game honestly makes you want to go back to do everyone but it doesn't stop there, you want to do it again, it's honest to god ruined VN's for me for how good it is xD"
76561198094949729,Not Recommended,396650,25196913,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,atownskater001,"i didnt know what to expect when i purchased this game but it had great reviews so i figured id give it a try.it was a good story but there was no climax for me. i kept waiting and waiting to see what would happen with this and then the end game came around and im like......""is this really it""i am very dissapointed with thisbig waste of money and the time i spent"
,Recommended,396650,25078603,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,OmegaSyndromeX,awesome game great artwork and voice cast got it when episode 2 was out great dev team really listens to the players feedback and stuff went straight for the cute redhead awesome choices really hard to find games like these i also recommend sunrider academy as well after this or honeypop for you ecchi guys and gals >_- 10/10
76561198040128008,Recommended,396650,25079113,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Maximillion Rayquaza,"Interesting characters, great jokes (the persona joke made me laugh out loud), good story, and great voice acting. If you like visual novels do yourself a favor and get this game."
76561198057680195,Recommended,396650,25085481,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,darkdarthbane,"Likeable characters, great story and giant robot battles. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,396650,25088223,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,JustL,over 9000/10
76561198111951799,Recommended,396650,24890247,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CADD244,really fun game. you should buy it.
,Recommended,396650,30542780,Posted: 16 March,all,[PLA]战地指令长EXALT,//Stataus report on Arena Incident 20-4123-523//Personal stasus:[dual holders//classified//]MIA.//GEAR report:Core normalEngines normalShields normal......Unidentified unregistered radio boardcast detected near duelETB1// -0:02ETB2// 0:03Borardcasting devices destoryed manually before investigation.Installitions of radio recivers possible on ranged weaponary.Lasers received reconfiguration -4:00 duel.Running status deleted manually.Engineers on duty:[//classified//]//Report:high possibilty of manual reconfigurationpossibilty of anti-laser tech. envolvedfurther anaylasing nessarry.//Investigator:[//classified//]//Currunt status:On hold for 528 years
,Recommended,396650,30057401,Posted: 20 February,all,Floyd Maysweater,Sweet storyline
76561197996085041,Recommended,396650,31133891,Posted: 14 April,all,Edward Elric,This game makes me smile when I play it.
,Not Recommended,396650,32327536,Posted: 10 June,all,skyching,"I should've done more research before rushing to get the discount. The developers say that the game ended up twice as long as originally planned, and it shows - in a bad way. The game starts out pretty promising but halfway through begins to devolve into a more typical BxG VN as the freshness of its strengths (as described in many other reviews) wears off. For example, from the beach day on, fan service and sexual ""humor"" (including incest) shift from occasional annoyance to borderline spam. Even if you have avoided the perverted/creepy choices, the game wastes no time reminding you that you are a ""healthy heterosexual""who will cave into peer pressure to peep on your friendsbecause Boys Will Be Boys (TM)."
76561197993052239,Not Recommended,396650,25374013,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dawgamims,"First, what I love about this game:It doesn't follow typical misogynistic tropes you see in VNs and, where it does, it usually pokes fun at itself (or it pokes fun at farts like me who take such things too seriously).You WILL be laughing throughout the game.The characters are fun and endearing (if a little stereotypical at times).Going Overdrive makes you feel like a BA.So why do I not recommend it?Because the story ends half way through! I don't want to spoil anything (and mentioning anything about the main plot will spoil it), but you're in the middle of trying to solve this mystery, you're in the middle of your school year, in the middle of your budding romance and the game just stops! I was terribly disappointed.Here's the deal, the developers obviously care and I'd hate to cost them sales. But if you need closure or a great story with an even better ending, I'd look elsewhere. Or at least see if they're going to make a sequel. As of now, this is all we got and it really isn't enough. So I don't recommend."
,Not Recommended,396650,24820202,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Vechernyaya,"This VN has a lot of problems :- there is no routes, all the playthrough are the same, but with a diffrent girlfriend.- Mecha part lack adversity- Romantic part lack intimacy and erotism- seriously developpers, putting yourselves in your game ?3/10When will we have a good occidental VN ?When will we have a good VN on Steam ?"
76561197964460165,Not Recommended,396650,26025876,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,BigT,"I am not your""broseph"""
76561197995506320,Not Recommended,396650,25432160,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,sik_jesse,DONT RECCOMEND THIS DONT BUY IT IS LAGGY I HAVE A DECENT LAPTOP THAT CAN HANDLE THESE GAMES IT ALSO CRASHED wont be playing this again ---- REVIEW
76561197981182425,Not Recommended,396650,21856343,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,singlescorpio72,"Okay, this game has NO game in it!   I thought it would be a mecha fighting game, maybe a jrpg - but it has none of those mechanics expected in most jrpg's.Do NOT buy this!"
,Recommended,396650,29552565,Posted: 28 January,all,[U.A] Tsuyu Asui [Froppy],"This game was absolutely amazing, the visual styling was awesome, the story kept me really engrossed and eager to finish it and the soundtrack has made me fall absolutely in love with this game/visual novel and i am really happy that i decided to buy it and that it was well worth the money as well.I would recommend this game/visual novel to any Otaku friends if i had any :( sadly all my friends are not Otakus or Weeaboos but what can ya do about that eh...? but anyway back to the point about me recommending this game to others since i don't have any Otaku or Weeaboo friends then i thought i would recommend it to the whole world... or just the people who are interested in the game but want to see a review before buying it ;)I will also be keeping up with the development of Crystalline and also getting it as soon as it is released sometimethis year :)well this is my review of the game and its actually the first game i have done a review of sooo yeah... well anyway you may see my review on another game who knows but all the best to everyone here and i hope you have/had fun while playing this game/visual novel.[Otaku] Targarua"
76561198142708362,Recommended,396650,29551467,Posted: 28 January,all,AssertiveTurtle,"Ace Academy was definetly did well in sticking out among the other, ""usual"" visual novels out there, as it has full english voice acting and overall just feels a little more western inspired then most.I have to admit that the story was really enjoyable, the charcters were entertaining enough, but sometimes came across a little cookie cutter, particularly Kaori and Valerie, oh and Mayu. The rest are passable. Yuuna best girl, yeah I said it, fight me in real life.The voice acting was a big part of the enjoyment for me, it was a welcome new addition, seeing as all the voice acted VN's on steam are spoken in Japanese. No offence to sub watchers, I just prefer dubs. Anyways the overall quality of the VA I felt was kinda low, I know that the people who made this are an indie company and you gotta start somewhere, but there were times when I heard echo, some of the lines could have been delivered a little better, hopfully there next game will be a little more refined in the VA department.Now I want to talk about all the choices and stuff. I was pretty let down by the abrupt ending, it felt like they where way behind and had to just push the game throught. They dident have to tie everything up in a little bow, I just would of liked a little more closure on everything, end the game on a more imperative note. Maybe i'm just salty because I dident ""get"" with any of the girls because I spread my time out with a bunch of different people.The visuals are nice to look at, I don't think as nice as some of the other ones you can play on steam, but still ok for a indie company, I thought that the pictures of the mechs where pretty cool so I will give them props for that. This was clearly a passion project for the individuals involved in making it.Overall, I think you should give this game a shot. It will keep you busy for about 4 hours give or take, depending on how fast you read, and as comes with all the things associated with VN, a nice escape from reality into a world of cute girls and giant mech suits, even though it does have its faults, I gaurentee you will find yourself chucking over some of the jokes and references, and having a fun time finding your waifu."
76561198009622124,Recommended,396650,29557018,Posted: 28 January,all,Phoenix,"All right this is my first review so it may not be that good.I have just finished all of the game (as in 100%) and I must say it was a very well put together game with nice choice, romance options, and decent story. I truly do recomend this game. I bought the game at the full asking price of $20 and I must say it was worth every penny. If you are trying to decide if you want to buy this game or not I strongly recommend you do!"
,Recommended,396650,30519326,Posted: 14 March,all,FloatingPig,Legit.
76561198042358374,Recommended,396650,30517262,Posted: 14 March,all,Qopster NO DICE,"10/10 would recommend because it made me leave with teary eyes, feeling the feels and wanting more. It's a good game, even if I got it 75% off, I'd recomend it at 20$ easily."
,Recommended,396650,30601015,Posted: 18 March,all,Domisunique,Its so good I almost wish I never bought it now XD.Entering end of great Anime/VN depresion now. Or I may go replay because YAYYY. Oh god though... I need MOARRR... Oh wait... THERES TON OF REPLAY VALUE TO SAVE ME... You guys need to get this. Fund these lovely people so they can make a sequel... I need a sequel theres so many different ways you can get to one place but they all put you in  similar point... I wan't to go further and beyond... espically with my waifu of choice.
,Recommended,396650,30548066,Posted: 16 March,all,DayumBro,Lots of funny references xDAnd..lots of beauties..huehue10/10 Would grin creepily again
,Recommended,396650,30547955,Posted: 16 March,all,Ace_Firecat,2 many memes 4 me
,Recommended,396650,30577584,Posted: 17 March,all,KodakVerite,"An amazing game i just couldnt get enough of it! This was my first ""Visual Novel"" and it truly blew me away. The artwork was also amazing! as well as the storyline! A few issues though, most of the scenes were reused alot affecting the games storyline and feel in general. In not complaining but it does feel a bit rushed and there are some scenes where there could of been some artwork.Well enough of the downsides i would highly recommend this game due to the amount of effort thats gone into this game and how well the characters were developed (My fav was Kaori BTW!!)Just a quick note i do understand that pixelFade runs off crowd funding that i find amazing and i cant wait for there next next game (Ive also played the demo of there newest project its AMAZING!!!)Thanks for reading my review!  Keep up the great work PixelFade Studio's   :)"
,Recommended,396650,30597478,Posted: 18 March,all,jpoy21,It's the story of an American who went to Japan and got a French girlfriend. The end. JK
,Recommended,396650,30609010,Posted: 19 March,all,Thadrei,"Gotta say this is the first time ever playing one of these (I play mmorpg's like ark, dayz, etc. But it even caught my interest whereas the characters are likeable and the story while narrow at times can diverge into multiple paths where you may or may not get the ""girl of your dreams"" speaking of which the girls, they all got different personalities and at least one will appeal to you in some way, I managed to get the girl I would have liked but felt like I broke a few hearts in the process :( To sum it all up, I liked a refreshing new style of games compared to what I am used to playing, and well I'd honestly look forward to the next game that comes out by these developers, in the new future, (U P D A T E) Supporting thier kickstarter Crystalline, PixelFade thanks for continuing thi promising series! can't wait to play! :D"
,Recommended,396650,30610638,Posted: 19 March,all,bvbv_tae,I hope there will be episode 2. good game.
76561198097290001,Recommended,396650,30609669,Posted: 19 March,all,GreyStratos,I've found this little jewel of a game while looking through the suggestions. I absolutely feel in love with it. It's the best VNs I've played and I plan on replaying it again and again.
,Recommended,396650,30632634,Posted: 20 March,all,BIGBOOBS,"I was bored, saw this on sale for $5.00 and jumped on it.Don't regret it. It's full of various references to both japanese and american culture, and the humor is spot on.There's a plethora of choices for many events which slightly shift the story around, though only major choices will really lock you into any of the major branches; this makes for an organic feel to the game that's uncommon amongst other OELVNS.The main character's a huge troll... if you pick the choices that make him that way, You could also pick the choices that turn him into a cold, robotic logic machine if that's your thing.TLDR; Valerie best girl"
,Recommended,396650,30647974,Posted: 21 March,all,Jill Stingray,Kaori is best girl. 10/10
76561198145275179,Recommended,396650,30634732,Posted: 20 March,all,NABE,uhm its a nice game...^_^
76561198007338671,Recommended,396650,25106763,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,bigbadgeneral,A must have for visual novel junkies. Now good day. I SAID GOOD DAY!
,Recommended,396650,25124525,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ShadowRageWing,THIS GAME IS AMAZING! It's a well written story with a ton of good elements!
76561198011790370,Recommended,396650,25114847,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,^1Frins,"Very fun VN, the voiceover its solid most of the time. I did enjoy the story(i did 2 routs, kaori an valerie) but for the price i though it would have more mechanincs. I would still recomend it but it would be better to pick it on sale."
,Recommended,396650,25123653,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,flipmaxter03,I got this game on Early Access for kicks and giggles and ended up loving every bit of it! A Gundam dating sim! Awesome! The girls are great and the music rocks! Very pleased
,Recommended,396650,25219433,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mastermack0,"Verrrrry funny. It's definitely a visual novel: so not much game play. But great charactrs, pretty good voice acting, great art, and, as I said, very funny and enjoyable. No real negatives. I'd recommend it.I'd make multiple saves throughout the game. Depending on little things like: What you answer, what constume you wear, etc, gives unique stuff for each character. So save often at decisions."
76561198203195080,Recommended,396650,25246490,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[Bane]Stein,OMG I love this visual novel.It got everything right.... I really really want a second part. Come on I want to spend more time with kaori plzzzzzzzzzzzzz :) ;-; 0-0
,Recommended,396650,25170465,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jacknife,"""Ya winning son?""- last words of a once proud father"
76561198084954002,Recommended,396650,25210948,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Natsirt,It's good
,Recommended,396650,25219687,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,iceize,It's pretty good.A few slip ups in voice acting where it mismatches with the text (not just grammatically)Girls are good if not a bit archetypal.Comedy and references are on point though.
76561198023540426,Recommended,396650,25220720,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,rabidveggie,"I don't generally do the whole review thing unless a game is either really good or really bad. Given that I've put a thumbs up in the top left here it doesn't take a genius to figure which of the two I think this game falls under. I've read a fair number of visual novels such as rewrite, muv-luv and clannad and I feel it certainly holds its own in quality to those three. The novel is quite a bit shorter then most of the novels I've read however, I never really felt there were any points that dragged and it kept me engaged throughout.Like the three novels I listed at the top it has branching paths. Ace Academy does a good job of making the choices feel rewarding and interesting. The visuals are well done, the music is fitting, and the humor is excellent and the game is very self aware of what it is. The female leads are well developed, although they do all fall under the typical tropes you'd expect from this type of game. I didn't feel any were weaker then the others, there's also a decent amount of fanservice for each of them if you're into that sort of thing. The game also does a good job with the protagonist and family, they felt realistic and easy to project onto while still feeling like an actual character. No bland white knight here.All in all I was impressed by the game and would recommend to anyone who has an interest in this genre of game. I look forward to future projects from this company."
76561198008782613,Recommended,396650,25218533,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Vesvius,"Flaws first: the giant robot combat is fairly weak, and could be so much more. And there really doesn't feel like there's an ending. There's buildup to what feels like it could be an ending, but it doesn't actually seem to have anything conclusive happen at the end.As for the rest? Great visual novel. Characters are wonderful, voicing is great, writing is superb. I laughed at this game more then I have at anything else in a long time. Heavily recommended."
76561198019213039,Recommended,396650,25126882,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,doctorhorrible001,Some of the best voice acting I've ever heard. Worst part about the game/comic is that it ended
76561198085635150,Recommended,396650,25129228,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ferrum_sound,Best western VN ever!After enjoying this game even most of japanese VN seem kinda low level.
76561198129300139,Recommended,396650,25128567,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,naman.daniel97,Buy it!
76561198061234075,Recommended,396650,25254784,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,jamie_polley,"Love this VN.  It has good English voice acting which is nice to see on an Indie game.  There's also a good number of routes with each characters story developing regardless if you follow their route or not, which is a very interesting approach to take.I actually managed to snap this up in the sale yesterday. Which means my first play through will be from episode one all the way through to the finale.Another thing that I like about this VN is it has some genuinely funny moments abd it doesn't try too hard.  All around it's a very nice polished game and would recommend to anyone who enjoys visual novels.  The art work is very good, will definitely be keeping an eye out for any future games by these guys."
,Recommended,396650,25163025,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jojikh5,"I absolutely loved this VN.  A lot of people have already mentioned the voice acting, but seriously, it is SO good!  This is very much a feel-good novel.  There are a couple of tragic/dramatic elements, but they comprise less than 10% of the story.  The rest of the time it's all smiles and laughter - a lot of the choices and characters' responses made me laugh out loud.  The VN pokes fun at tropes even while following them, which works out surprisingly well.  It is absolutely worth the asking price.  There's only one downside to this novel - it feels like Chapter One of a much longer story.  I really hope they make a sequel someday, because I'd love to spend more time at ACE Academy!  (Also, Shou is best girl.)"
76561198035320706,Recommended,396650,25171581,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Fucking 4skiN🐾 #NYC,"While the ending wasn't quite satisfying, the ride there was hella fun. I may have to play through again to see if I can get a better ending. I say if you  enjoy visual novels, then definitely pick this up.Thank you for the ride!"
76561198068234348,Recommended,396650,25134948,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,coverddoder,lets see this game is very good.It has a great story and lovely charachters and you're dialogue options are good too so if you are asking if this game is worth the money the answer is yes ! i hope that this game gets a sequel.
,Recommended,396650,25133321,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,DC12,Best $20 I've ever spent in my life c:
76561198002512132,Recommended,396650,25105716,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MC Buffalo,"ACE Academy takes place in a hypothetical alternate timeline where the Allies lost World War II, leading to the terrifying future dystopia that Hitler envisioned: Every person on the planet is white and really good at everything.Yes, exceptionalism is the norm in the ACE Academy universe.  Everyone is physically, mentally, and emotionally fit.  Name any hobby or activity, you and all of your friends are good at it.  You might wonder how well this dynamic works when the plot ostensibly revolves around a fighting competition.  Well I'll tell you.  It works by keeping the stakes low and having the characters overcome any minor obstacle that appears in their way within five minutes of its introduction to the plot.""But you can't have EVERYONE be exceptional,"" you may say.  ""Story quality aside, having everyone be 'exceptional' literally defeats the meaning of the word itself.""  Well you see, ACE Academy is the perfect demonstration of why you are wrong.  Even though all the people in this story, including your rivals, are talented and super-cool nice people, you are still the BEST at being talented and super-nice.  But that's the thing.  The winner is YOU.  You are ALWAYS the winner, ""you"" meaning ""every single person who plays this game"".  You are all white guys, and you are all winners.  It works.  The system works.By the way.  I've heard it said that there is a basic premise behind every harem anime, and that is that the harem is always focused on a particular fetish, and all the girls within the harem are just variations of that fetish.  I believe that is at least true for this game, and in this case the central fetish is ""being normal"".  Of course, all the girls are exceptional at everything, but that IS normal in this universe as I already stated.  Their personalities are otherwise consistently plain and reasonable.  And within that central fetish of exceptional normalcy, you have your standard variations:- Shy normal- Loud normal- Sexy normal- Normal normal- Siscon loliconAnyway, I hope this review has helped you determine whether you are a member of the intended demographic for this game.  If you are uncertain, perhaps this will help: Statistically speaking, you probably are."
76561198255983912,Recommended,396650,25763556,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,shashank.mannur,Ace Academy!! First VN Game it's good for who want to wacth and play VN & Dating sim. I Personaly recomanded this VN & Dating Sim. I Hope They will Give Game Play Like This in Next Season.
76561198153361151,Recommended,396650,25719727,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,kyler,I really enjoyed this game. It really was awesome and fun to play as well as exciting! I would really love if it was extended a little longer because the end seemed a little rushed and anticlimactc but overall I give my playing experience an A+.
76561197980317338,Recommended,396650,25878994,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Vantasia,"My first ever steam review.This is a testament to how much I enjoyed the game.My favourite VN by far, looking forward to more from this company!English-voiced VNs are now my new interest, here's to hoping we get a lot more!"
,Recommended,396650,26042675,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,cjweazel37,"I have played a few VNs but this by far is one of my favorites. I am all about choices and consequences, backstory and the like. This VN has a lot of humor in it. At first I didn't want to do an early access for a game because I wanted a product first. But I was hungry for a new and hopefully better VN then the ones that I have played. I loved how they put my favorite actor in the story and put his first ever award in there! Just awesome! Which now I do not regret...well maybe the ending...When got in for the Early Access for this game and there was a lot of clamour for having the Nikki as a romance option. I loved how the devs trolled on that and said it was strictly a big bro proctecting his little sister. Then they put a teaser of the main character with her in certain outfit in story and then proceeded to squash all the critics. But to me it just felt like they could have added more to it; just seemed like a very minor side-story.This VN had very good humor in it. At times I felt sorry for Nikki and Kaori. But they are some issues that needs to be addressed. There were some unvoiced dialog or the dialog was read differently or backwards (The last two sentences were spoken then the first two senctences were spoken, which made it very confusing). Also for the choices on who to spend time with, there should be more instead of two or three everytime (should be all options).Minor characters were represented by silhouettes. Minor grammatical errors. When it states the chacater(s) are roaring with laughter I expect that sometimes the voice overs were melodramatic when it came to those lines. The Black Screens....really? Oh and using the same artwork for different locations such as the Cafe and Bookstore (how are they the same?). And there's the lackluster ending...I was hoping for more.I have read many reveiws here and im glad they are pointing out the same issues that I have seen. And now I want the second ACE Academy to come out! Praying it will be as good if not better and looking forward to more from PixelFade Studios!"
,Recommended,396650,26095574,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sertax,"Amazing game, binged played this from the moment I started it. The game sadly larks a long story line only about 6 hours if you play it constantly. For most players that will be about 11 hours. So maybe the game is too over pricy for most people at £19.00. But for anime fans and visual novals fans. Who like visual novels with full and enteraining dialoge and dubbed english voice acters. Then it's a must buy if you fit any of that catagory. Sadly I would wait until this game goes down in price. As £19.00 is a bit to much for a game that doesn't give you the hours to match it. But overall it's a very entertaining play and a must have for anime or visual noval fans!10/10 Must play Ace Academy Again!"
,Recommended,396650,27320655,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PorkyBigg2000 #TeamVerendus,The story was good and the jokes where funny. i loved the routes tat you could take to get different routes that you could take.pro:soundtrackroutesjokesstorycons:none
76561198049292232,Recommended,396650,26790555,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iTzFJS,"Great game, great music, great plot and great voice actorsim waiting for your next game pixel fade :D"
76561198056945517,Recommended,396650,26469091,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,AOD_Zerin,"Pretty good VN, a lot of fourth wall breaking. Game tried to shame me for picking tsundere archetype as my waifu, but guess what IDGAF, she is best girl."
,Recommended,396650,26500017,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Gladeus-Ex-Machina,"The closest to a Visual Novel I've ever come to is perhaps Ace Attorney, but this VN is a very well rounded story at a $10 price point.The Good:- DEAD BLOSSOM IS READY- Prevalant and nuanced voice acting- Some interesting deviations in conversations- Multi-faceted characters- Appropriate and decent soundtrack- A good mix of awesome, cheesy and heavy feels- Great self aware references and comedy- OTP Kaori- Strawberry Dreams. Make it happen someone.The Bad:- Feels disjointed or unresolved at times- Voice acting is overeactionary or stale at times- Some choices are suboptimal, indifferent, aren't included where you wanted or don't include what you intended.- Using the mousewheel to revert slides somewhat removes action permanancy- Kaori's arc outshines the others- Beginning personality is only modestly used, with Athletic being mostly superiorAll that said, I still highly recommend this, though it will spoil your expectations any other character interactions in the future. 9/10, until I find a better VN or a sequel/expansion surfaces."
,Recommended,396650,26496222,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Legionary,"I had to punch a wall to regain my manliness. 10/10 story, and the choices actually matter"
,Recommended,396650,25127999,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,' John McClane,"""I spend the rest of my evening browsing online for cat videos until it's time for bed.""Would spend more evenings with cat videos. Recommended!~ Edit 1 ~ It's my first review, so... don't scold me too much xDTrue Review:I feel like i need to share my true feelings now that i finished my first playthrough(blind).First things first, i'll say, this is one of the bests VN on Steam that i played so far and in the end of the story i felt like i need more.I wanted to know what happens next so much that before go to sleep i keep imagining the rest of the story for like 2 hours before i felt exhausted and slept as a result.History 5/5The history keeps your attention and it's hard to lose focus out of the screen; it have the right amount of interactions(choices), not so much and not too little, some with timers(just like QTE's from action games).Soundtrack 5/5You can feel the music that gives shivers on the spine when going through the scenes sometimes.Art 4/5I think it happened one or two times, the character did not express the right emotion that was said on the text, but this is so small that the players normally do not see if not pay much attention.Overall 9/10I'll not give 10 'cuz i've got friendzoned in my first playthrough xD.Now i think i'll play another round focusing more on one of the heroines.Devs please do more episodes as updates or as DLC that i'll certainly buy if it comes. (y)"
76561198038160909,Recommended,396650,26107447,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Smug Nero,"So i started playing this because i had literally nothing else to do... and i was pleasently surprised. I ended up playing it over 3 days and streaming it so my friend could watch.The main character is hilarious, and most of the options are pretty fun to watch... and the interactions between characters are equally entertaining. You have your usual cast of shy girl, tsundere girl, serious girl and sexy girl. But rather than being cliches i feel like the actually seem somewhat realistic, rather than just being a mould. So good characters, good MC.The story is, truthfully, a bit lacking but still entertaining. Although while the ""plot""  isn't too deep for an Original English VN this is a lot better than the usual fair we have to deal with.So all in all i would give it a try if you like a bit of comedy, slice of life and robots...... SPOILERS? ..............................................................................................Right, so i have only played it through once. So im not really sure if it is possible to end up dating one of the girls, if you like romance that is. I went through and as usual picked whichever girl i felt like, but did not end up with them. So i get the feeling that there isnt much in the way of romance here if you are looking for a full on romance."
76561198320220456,Recommended,396650,26516975,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,KangSeulgiBear,"Great personality for every chracter, a wide amount of choices to make and I found myself gigglign and smiling thoroughout the story. Do buy and support PixelFade, great art and great amount of effort put into this one. Can't wait for another work of theirs. Only downside is that the ending was cut a little weirdly and was finished off not that well. Felt like something was missing. other than that I am willing to playthrough more than a few times as I thoroughly enjoy this visual novel."
76561198037743713,Recommended,396650,26470086,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,aearon09,10/10 would get coached by The Stig again
76561198096753905,Recommended,396650,26471766,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MateoDelRio,Some Spoilers- get rejected by every female character.- fail out of college-parents are dead-Sister gets beaten up-best ending ever10000/10Where the ♥♥♥♥ is the sequel
76561198149765940,Recommended,396650,26614702,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Fachry Strife,need more vn with mc like this
76561198034629539,Recommended,396650,25833138,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Fappening,"This is the visual novel that I was searching for. The game is not perfect and could use more customization, but it is one the most fun VNs I have ever played. The description is pretty straight forward in the store page. Just a quick summary, it is boy moves to new country, he is the star Mech Pilot at the academy, he mets ""the girl"", he searches for answers about his past, and makes friends in the process.ArtBeatiful and well developed. It was a little more westernized than the usual anime/manga style of VNs I am used to.SoundThe soundtrack was appropriate for every scene and really enhanced the experience. I am a native English speaker and I appreciate the excellent voice acting. This game is in a small market for native English VNs.GameplayIt was originally point & click, reaction time, and ASWD pushing for battles, then they changed it to reaction time and choices. I found it different from the Alpha play-throughs, but it was transitioned gracefully. It also has the tradition choice screens to dictate the next scene or action.StoryThe story doesn't break any grounds on originality. Although, the story flowed well. I just finished the final release a few days ago and I'm hungry for more content. It is a typical VN story, sprinkled with the typical tropes. I find that it was well put together and not boring. The story was simple and easy to follow. I have played the Sunrider series to put into contrast. That was a good game too, but it often felt a bit too grindy between choices. Just put the girl you want in your choice and whammy you get the girl. I had suggestions for trolling and picking the inappropriate lines. Maybe I will next play-through.If you are on the fence about this game and you are looking for a quality VN, then this is your game. I am looking forward to their next project Crystalline to add to my collection. Happy Gaming and Cheers!SpoilerThe end was abrupt and left me wanting more story. I guess it sets up for a sequel. I wish there was a way to at least bring some closure to the story line, instead of leaving you hanging"
76561198118985478,Recommended,396650,25442201,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,VirtualElf,"Amazing sim, I can't wait until the sequel is released!"
76561198042764519,Recommended,396650,25409724,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Franka_Scythe,"A really, really well written, well (voice) acted, well drawn visual novel. Broseph goes to Japan to attend Mecha school, spoil his younger sister and date his team mates.If this all sounds a little familiar, it's because it is. This VN is like comfort food, every event and every character is something you've seen before, if you have the least bit of interest in the genre. I'd say it's at once the greatest strength and the greatest weakness of the game.What saves the story is how professionally done everything is. If the overall quality hadn't been so good, the sheer familiarity would become overwhelmingly boring, but because it's so well made, it manages to become engaging in spite of its self imposed limitations. In particular, it's very rare to find a western VN with such quality voice acting, and that alone elevates it to a very special place.However, it's also a VN that doesn't take any chances whatsoever. It all falls into tropes and scenes that read like someone was following a check list. I would love to see another VN from this team with original characters and a story that doesn't stick so closely to the universal comfort zone.A great visual novel, but also a very, very safe one."
76561198206054768,Recommended,396650,25254232,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Minibowser,The story is great and grows as you play the game. You can even choose what to do. This game is not repetitive since you have a new task each day or something special occurring. The drawings are nice.VALERIE IS THE BEST!! Vive la France!!!!
,Recommended,396650,25152139,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Hockin,"This game is wonderful novel reading and anime type feeling into it . it has 100% Voice acting to this game. The ingame music is wonder and fits with the all the emotional of all the sceneThis game has many paths you choose from and in the gallary it gives you wonder pictures for youto have for your background. Even though the music fits the background, it does not mean that the epic fighting scene this game have is not just amazing but outrated to high standards.Music : They can be brought on Soundclouds or listened inside the game by going to extra then music. All the music fits with background and gives you the feelings that you would of felt in real lifebut this not just music fits with background it give you feeling of intensive people and creates you with endless feelings of happiness when you play this gameBattle Scene: The battle system in this game is a quicktime event. It gives you only 5 seconds or maybe even 3 seconds. This draw the epic music during the Battle. In this Game battle sceneyou will feel the tension that ploit has when he fights against his opperents not just his opperent but the decision he makes as well.Romance : Just wonder to see Romance in this. Give you the feeling and choice that connects with this well. In for example You want to stay by that girl side when she down and needs something that gives her motivation to move on life.Conclusion: My Conclusion or you can say do i recommend this game?Of course! i Recommend it highly if you enejoy romance and anime including what i think you get is the understanidng and emtion from this game.When i play this game i feklt the emtion of the person going though including the tension of this battling each other, the movitation to keeping going no matter what happens, the understanding of what is going on. But Music is just.... OutstandingMy overall rate? Hhhmmm Well if this was anime rating type this i go for....Go For....Go for....All right jezz i'll give you my rating if you keeping going down a little bit...9/10 This game should have Dlc and Season series connecting to this one."
,Recommended,396650,28694395,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Goawei,"So after sinking about 13 hrs into this game, I feel like it is time to give my input.For those who are curious, I went down to Yuuna Misaki route and played till the end.I'll start with a small break down of the game:Story: 9/10I enjoyed the story and I definitely feel like I need to play through the other routes to get a more complete feel of what the story, for every path, would be like. It was a bit cliche for some parts and as much as playing through it was absolutely entertaining, I was a bit upset with the ending. I will not mention more to prevent spoilers.Characters: 10/10It seems like they covered every single type of character. The Tsundere, the goody goody, the shy, the flirty and that best friend ""Broseph"" (love the term btw) character. There isn't really much of a rival, but based on the way the setting and characters were presented, I did not fully see any reason for one. Each character sticks to their cliche personalities (and that is perfectly fine). A lot of humor is thrown here and there with many references to modern topics and shows. I especially liked some of the inuendos and dialogue options. These characters kept me grinning and laughting the majority of my game play and as weird as it sounds, I started to understand and think of the characters as friends I would meet in real life. The MCs characteristics were pretty good too. Although you tailored your character based off options made, I found myself closely resembling to MC in the way he would react and speak in certain situations (which is probably the point of this).Voice: 9/10I loved all the voices. For the most part they all seemed to match the characteristics of, well, the characters. I did remember some scenes where the voices seemed a bit odd or off to me, but to prevent spoiling I won't mention the scenes specifically. This is why I could not give a perfect score in this category.Art: 10/10Art is very bright and vibrant which fits for the anime feel of this game. I absolutely love the designs of the characters. Another thing I really appreciated was the clothing changes that a lot of the characters have. It may be a small thing, but to me it made certain scenes really stick and link you and the character's (the hero's) thoughts together. Example, when prompted with going to see a girl at a tennis match, she has a tennis outfit on that looks ""cute"" and the MC makes note of this too.Music: 10/10I liked when music was used and cut out during certain scenes. It amplified the emotions and feels of the scenarios. On top of all that, the sound effects and setting music were realistic and if I had to use one word to describe it, ""Amazing.""Conclusion:Like I said, 13 hours got me through one playthrough. I truely enjoyed the time spend playing this game and would love to see more works from the creator. The humor is witty and, although it follows cliches, I loved having my thoughts and dialogues sync up with the MC. The two things I did not like were the battle system (which to this day still makes no sense to me) and the ending (which I will not spoil, buy the game and play it!).TL;DRGreat game, many waifus and jokes. Great music, great art. Loved just about everything."
76561198058268015,Recommended,396650,28685549,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,doomlord81,"ACE Academy is pure fun. Many of the choices and routes one can take feel like real life stories. The characters feel like real people, and yes, while they all seemingly start out as stereotypes, they quickly grow into much more. so heres a list of what this game offers.Pros:Great voice acting of all the characters, minus youself.Music that fits the mood and will make you vist the music box in the main menu[*} CGIs look beautiful. and the backgrounds are nice as well.Story is both unqiue and also familiar. you can guess alot of stuff the first play through, but none of it is boring.Characters grow without you: unlike other dating sims, girls you dont date do live their own lives and find love else where making it feel real.Cons:The ending leaves us wanting more!If you're not a fan of mechs, qute girls, puns, and on the nose references, this is the game for you.the ending is the same for the most part, with only the girls changing the very end.The game is fun, and it feals more in touch with todays type of people than others of this gene. As stated, the endings are the same, but for once, the game is more about the journey than the destination.Buy it, and find out which girl is right for. Welcome to ACE Academy."
76561197988668444,Recommended,396650,28640899,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Trekner,In short i loved every hour i played of this VN.
76561198061577558,Recommended,396650,28380383,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Aaron,This visual novel has a decent story.  My biggest pet peeve about this anime is that it ends so abruptly.
,Recommended,396650,28284789,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,kierant1997,"I really did enjoy this game, the story was interesting and the dialogue is hilarious! However, while I realise this was a croud funded project there are a couple issues, I find they recycled backgrounds far too often to the point where you had one background used for about 10 different locations such as walking into an old style building and the background being a incredibly modern library made almost entirely of glass. Also, especially near the end of the story I found a lot of the voice acting was either different to the text, or parts of voice acting was missing.However, I would still recommend this game as I've never laughed so much at a dating sim"
76561197994888842,Recommended,396650,28387826,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,darcon01,great story without the smutt.funny exciting well voiced over and well thought out! would recomend it to anyone!
,Recommended,396650,28120759,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Koopary,"This game is amazing! Here is why:1.They have many popular anime character tropes for the romance options, all of them are perfect waifu material.2. They have an abundance of great comedy and fourth wall breaking.3. The game is really engaging. The are plenty of choices which make you feel immersed and active in the world.4. They have many phrases like 'baka' and onii-chan', perfect for weeaboos.Seriously though, in terms of visual novels, this game is perfect."
76561198315672883,Recommended,396650,28215766,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DragonOfWrath,"This game is simply amazing: Great Story, Good Characters, So many Choices, etc. I simply cannot recommend this game enough, 10 outta bloody 10"
,Recommended,396650,28114051,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BigT4203,Got it on sale for $10. And I think it was a steal for $10 considering how much content there is. I just finished the Kaori route and I will replaying it for the other routes because of how much I enjoyed her route.
76561198063848540,Recommended,396650,28199819,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Meowath,Yay routes!!
76561198228327924,Recommended,396650,28306150,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,AlaudeClaude,"Amazing looking visual novel. Great story with tons of references to other animes and games. Voice acting is great, only whanky ones are the side characters, whom don't even have faces or names. It has a lot of replayability. Funny and likeable protagonist and cast.One of the best parts are the fact that every character has a ending, and not the cliche: noone else gets to be really happy beside the protagonist one. They all have likeable and reasonable endings."
,Recommended,396650,28309187,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RosyRequiem,"Great game! I finished the whole game and was amazed at the excellent voice acting, artwork, and general plot line. I 100% recommend it."
,Recommended,396650,30989410,Posted: 6 April,all,The Ice Princess,"This visual novel is amazing. I followed the Kaori route, because I love tsunderes, and everything about it was great. Each character had good characterization and full voice acting. There weren't many grammar mistakes and was simple enough to read, and not be weighed down by (You do have to read your character's voice, as he is not voice acted). The only issue I have is the ending. I feel like there should be a sequel, otherwise, many things are left unresolved."
76561198312379099,Recommended,396650,28820922,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,3st_e,"This is an amazing game! With a wide variety of options,and a bunch of characters,the possibilites are endless! Also, if you think you finished since you reached the ending, guess what, you didn't! There is actually a gallery and once you check it out,you notice how many parts and scenes you missed out on. I highly recommend this game to everyone debating to buy this or not. It's a game where you have a exciting adventure on campus as a transfer! This also includes action fights which you actually choose what you will do. I'd rate this 10/10. I hope you buy this!"
76561198094896472,Recommended,396650,29049201,Posted: 5 January,all,Starkiller,"This game is pretty good for a indie game i must say, for a small dev team i was suprised by the amount of choices i was given, thought most of them were hang out with your girl of choice or your friend :/. If your a fan of VNs i would say this games good and im watching the next game the devs are making tho i will be waiting for its full release rather then following it ep by ep and i do need to say this the ending FELT like an anime ending. We all know that ending where it ends on an arc but is clearly setting up the next one but the show ends and youd need to read the books or manga to get the real ending, However here you cant go to the source because this is it. The ending may be paramount but this game is still fun and i do feel i should support the team who made it as i have high hopes for them. Quick breakdownStory: Solid 8/10This game has 4 main routes and friendship route if your too slow to get on any of the girls routes but their well paced enough to feel organic. One of the problems with this game is since you name your charecter none of the other charecters EVER call you by your name just nicknames.this threw me off at first but i got used to it after about an hour.Also quick sidenote the fact your sister is named nikki Was funny as hell to me since my REAL sisters name is nikki just a fun little note. I must say some of the side storys were ignored such as Strike X a team brought up a few times by 2 of your teammates and who was built up as a clear antagonist but is just ignored. their story and how it relates to your teammates isnt told, their written out by the writers as your preparing to fight them. This game lacks an antagonist as far as i can tell which was strange. No evil corperation or evil classmate to fight its just normal life excusing a single plot point brought up very early on and expanded slowly. Overall this game has a solid story and i hope the devs come back to this game and give it a real ending i do know their moving onto a new game for now and intend to check it out, however if this lack of ending becomes a norm for them i will update this reviewGameplay: 7/10its a visual novel with some QTE like events during the mech battles and while it was kind of cool i wish more of the battles were like the first one with mashing D to charge up and using a finisher move of your own name with a stupid catchphrase(WAY TO MUCH FUN DICKING WITH THIS XD). it was so cheesy but in a good way and i know if they put it in every fight it would have annoyed me but seeing it more would have been nice.Writing: 9/10THIS STORY WILL MAKE YOUR LAUGH YOUR♥♥♥♥♥OFF. its full of so many memes refrences to anime,other VNs, and japanese culture though the devs are american so remember they dont have a full grasp of japan which means their wrong on a few things but i only noticed when i went and looked it up. The options range from straight guy to clueless to flirty with every girl and i loved it all the way and the ""choice"" when your little sister begs your for something made me cry it was so true! If your an older brother youll get it i promise.Romance: 9/10all the girls feel somewhat alive, their tropes yes but they didnt feel stale each one has a few twists and diffrences that make them charecters not tropes. The routes feel natural its not Get girl to like you and sleep with her. you need to earn it and even at the end with certain girls they wont go all the way with you which makes sense since your dating for a max of a few months girls dont spread their legs at the drop of a hat gentalmen and i prefered it that way. However their are so very flirty and very implied lines of dialoge esspecially with val she wants it badly!Do i think you should buy this game? Yes i do i feel the devs deserve our support and with some more money can make something to blow us away theirs plenty of replay value with all the routes with each taking about 12 hours totaling 60 hours of gameplay, now i got this game on a steamsale for half price. If you can afford it buy it at full price i do feel its worth it but if your like me and short of cash wait for a sale then pick it up"
,Recommended,396650,28964722,Posted: 2 January,all,Starcreeper109,This was the first Visual Novel i have ever played i can say with out a doubt I would not have chosen anything else after playing this.The Characters are amazing and the fights actually give you input.the story is compelling.I just don't know how to express how good this game was.But I just hope the come out with a sequel soon.
76561198066478555,Recommended,396650,28817752,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Big Red,"I have never felt compelled to write a review before so I apologize if this turns out to waste your time.On another note, however, I cannot express how I highly recommend this title. Few stories have ever resonated with me as well as this one did. Not only do the characters' personalities seem genuine, the chemistry between them all feels real. While I have only played through once so far  (just finished the credits to said run, in fact), and never have I been more excited to jump right back into a game! 10/10 am playing again!"
76561198112678667,Recommended,396650,28771686,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Grim Reaper,Is there a harem route in this game?
,Recommended,396650,28869614,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,paralistalon,"I finished my frist ""playthrough"" at the 9 hour mark.  And I was not disappoint!  I absolutely love the amount of choice this VN gives you.  You get to choose who to hang out with, you get to choose how to respond, and you sometimes get time-limited action prompts to make the mech battle matches feel a bit more interactive.  The story is nothing new- you're a prodigy mech pilot sent to a university in Japan and get to enjoy spending time with your uncle and sister and your new mech battle team including a best bro and two other female pilots, a manager, and an engineer.  You can go for a romance if you want, but it's not required.  There are a couple of VN troopes included (the bikini scene with everyone commenting on each others' boob sizes), but the devs make a note of self-awareness with these scenes.  The game has a happy and fun tone, and I genuinely enjoyed the interactions.  The plot is moved forward by your growing competition to get a sponsor and become the top ranked mech team, your growing relationships with the main characters, and an emerging mystery about the secrets installed in the mech that your father finished before he died.  The backgrounds and character models are rather limited, but the developers did the best with the limited resources they had.  At the full $20, it's still not a bad deal, but I highly recommend picking it up if it's on sale and you're a fan of these types of games."
76561198131194116,Recommended,396650,28781810,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gloomreach Estates,"8.5/10Excellent overall quality. Some features and art could be tweaked for a better experience. Extremely enjoyable, wittily executed, and balanced.The story seems cut off abruptly, and is, in my opinion, one of the only shortfalls of this product.The character art is well done, and all background art concerning achitecture is wonderfully done. Some of the nature scenes are lacking in my opinion.The dialogue, characters, setting, easter eggs, and how it all interacts are brilliant. I dressed up as 'Legolaz' for halloween, watched 'Lord of the GEARs' and said my old number was '8675-309'.That being said, my first playthrough ended very sadly. Shou stole Mayu despite my concerted efforts. This was a little too realalistic for me. Easily the worst I've felt after a videogame.Thanks Pixelfade!Here's a character list...-Playercharacter- He is simultaneously sensitive, commanding, and extroverted. This is, in my opinion, unusual for a videogame. It comes across well. You can play him as a chauvanist jerk and annul his charisma.-Shou- This is the 'wingman' character. Very outgoing, and likeable.-Nikki- This is the player character's sister. She is very likeable. She is the most endearing character in my opinion.-Kaori- She is the tempermental orange-haired and eyed authoritative girl. She is very likeable in my opinion. She likes anime, melee, and small children. Her route seems to have the most effort put into it, and doesn't have as many chances to implode.-Mayu- She is extremely shy, cannot stand to be alone, and has a very dark side you can see, at most, twice. She likes playing violin, comic books, and paintball. Mayu is the team sniper. Her route is the most difficult I've tried. You have to choose one dialogue option or the route will implode(She should be with Shou), and Shou will take her. I may or may not have been teary.-Valerie- The flirty French girl. She is extremely intelligent and self-sufficient. She likes doing things. All her activities are errands outside save a gym sparring room conversation. There is one possibility for the route to implode(kiss her you fool). This was my personal fav. It was like Mayu's route without the soul-crushing failure.-Yuuna- Yuuna is the most upstanding moral self-sacrificing character in the game. She likes tennis, nuturing things, and cooking. I don't find her alluring however, and have not tried her route."
,Recommended,396650,29136726,Posted: 9 January,all,「Erufuun Flipper」,"I actually rather enjoyed this. The voice acting is surprisingly good for what it is, too. And it's pretty meta and doesn't take itself seriously."
76561197995034774,Recommended,396650,29100420,Posted: 7 January,all,frost,"I really enjoyed my time with this game, hope they make another one because they did leave some plot threds hanging."
76561198222753648,Recommended,396650,29109593,Posted: 7 January,all,deadpoolfan5,"I love this game. One of the best Visual Novel/Dating Sims I've played. It had great voices and captivating backgrounds. My only qualms would be repetitive backgrounds, which I do understand (especially for a first product), the other was some audio cutting out randomly during a characters lines. Whether that's just an issue with my computer or just skipped dialogue on the developers part."
76561197966266185,Recommended,396650,31039609,Posted: 9 April,all,Tygonius,"Well written, cute and refreshing, there are only a few VNs keeping focus on relationship development and not just having two steps like (1)hello -> (2)Hscene -_-.thumbs up"
76561198069036029,Recommended,396650,26514342,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Galo Oslolo,"Superb! after doing some more routes experimenting with their diverse dialogues and situations, i will write a more ad hoc review.Right now... just enjoying the gameOk here i am after finish the VN a couple of times, and nothing change (in a good way).The voices are amazing every characther have they own unique style and that is the most great part about this VN because you feel connected to them and their routes, there are some confusing parts like the one is suppose you are in japan and they talk englishand (one of Yunna meetings) practice english?xD but this don't take off anything good.Once you choose a route (or a girl) and become partners there are a few changes in dialogues and scenes afterwards, that keep me really expectantly to see how this denote my ""relationship"" with the heroine and is a really good immersive plus.The story is good and it has interesting twists, every heroine, sister and broseph jajaj have they personality.I recommend this, you'll enjoy it and if you are new to VN, take a shot you will have a nice time.PD: Even that are several choises that do not change the story line, i anyway enjoy the differents answers and reactions."
76561198150219592,Recommended,396650,26513661,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Karumaッ,Needs a Sequel ASAP
76561198029270334,Recommended,396650,29404849,Posted: 21 January,all,sagit89,"9/10! Totally worth every minute of it!No spoilers here. Although the ending was abrupt, it was actually finished, yet of course they could make it longer if they had sufficient financing. It felt like I was just about to unravel something, to change something, buuuut it ended. Just make sure to NOT press ""Goodbye"" after credits to get that final treat to make ending of the novel a tiny bit less painful! Not because it was bad, but because it sucked that it ended!Spent aprox 14 hours on story, 100% will be replayed, as soon as I get emotionally detached from it first:DWorth at full price, final mark affected by the ending, though I understand why it was how it was.WARNING: Possible cry material"
76561198065996061,Recommended,396650,29326527,Posted: 17 January,all,Soul_StealUK,"This Game Is Very good, as it has a great story and although your dessisions dont change the endings they do feel significant. Enjoyable to the very end and held my interest well. 10/10"
,Recommended,396650,32464443,Posted: 15 June,all,osbaldoiniguez,"Great story, I had lots of fun reading this visual novel."
76561198123949156,Recommended,396650,33309741,Posted: 6 July,all,Tylo Thorn,"I bought this without much expectations i guess, yet just the beginning was very nice with its calm atmosphere, and really nice Characters... totally dragged me in.Now after completing the whole thing, gotta say I absolutely loved every minute of it. Unique and overall lovable Characters, pretty humorous conversations and actions which made me laugh more than just a few times an hour, a nice backstory of the Main Character, whom i really liked as well, no matter how you play him, he's amazing, and well the Romance (Personally i chose Kaori) totally hit the spot for me. If she was real, she'd be 100% my type... which I thought was kind of impossible for a game to achieve, since games often like to objectify their characters a bit too much, also keeping them a little raw and one-sided. I'd probably feel bad about myself replaying with another option now though :/It was touching and really cute and I could absolutely relate to her, maybe due to experiences i've made IRL, which is always the best right? Certain nice things to relate to, stuff you know from your own life, knowing others and yourself well n stuff...In any case there were a few downsides, particularly the backstory which sadly leaves lotsa questions, even though i did like it a lot, the overall satisfying, still slightly too quick ending, the lack of background art, which was often reused for different sites, and also the lack of artwork for different scenes. The artwork was beautiful tho, which is kinda why i would've loved to see more, especially romance ones. Heh >_<Those may be a few points but each of them is trivial to me, why i think the pro strongly overpowers the contra. Also let's be fair, there'd have to be a picture for each romance option everytime, which would've escalated quickly, and the game is pumped as it is, far longer than expected, must've been quite a piece of work. Also i suppose i missed a lot of artwork just by the variety of choices, and thereby scenes i have missed by playing it just once... and there were loads and loads of letters in between, too... my head is still spinning^^On my opinion this is a must have for anyone who prefers quality story and characters over tasteless jokes and fanservice. Absolutely amazing. Loved it! Seriously you guys at PixelFade, thanks ALOT!"
,Recommended,396650,33303335,Posted: 6 July,all,Remon,"[PROS]+Great Soundtracks+Lots of interaction for a VN[CONS]-ShortTo compensate for it's length, it's really interactive,Ending feels like it was cut short and out of the blue makes it feel like those 12 episode rushed animebut overall, the experience was amazing7/10"
76561198029311537,Recommended,396650,33360328,Posted: 7 July,all,[OTG] Zelcarth,This was my first VN and i must say... WOW... the story and characters were amazing. This experence gave me a much needed break from standard gaming. I really hope to see another ace academy down the road. as my first VN this set the bar really high!
76561198208256557,Recommended,396650,33245295,Posted: 4 July,all,Dead Silence,"Extrodinary, BEST visual art studio. Ill buy every visual novel they come out with next."
,Recommended,396650,33203202,Posted: 3 July,all,Outmite3,Ace Academy Is A Huge Futuristic Style Story Game With Multiple Story Lines But Only One Ending And Has No Romance Scenes As Far As Im Aware Of But Compliments What Is Already Within The Game Perfectly. I Would Suggest Installing This Game To Anyone Who Loves To Try There Hand At Enrolling Into A New Sci-fi Themed School With All Of The Basic Core Studys While Being A Pilot Of A Huge Mech Suit And Fighting For The Big Win.Although I Was Not Able To Find Any Romance Scenes It Is Still A Very Addicting Story Game That Any Visual Novelist Will Enjoy From Its Outside Shell Right Into Its Core.I Recommend This To Everyone And Anyone As Its Worth The Money And Provides Hours Of Story Rich Action.
,Recommended,396650,33283697,Posted: 5 July,all,mageofthesands,"I never really got into visual novels.  I expect them to be the modern equivalent of the choose your own adventures of my youth.  I like branching story paths.  How many hours did I play the origin stories in Dragon Age just to see if the scenes change based on different options?  At least 20.Most visual novels I tried are translated Japanese games.  Not localised, just translated.  That's never really worked for me.Ace Academy does work.  Names are easy to remember and identify.  Game is loaded with choices.  About half of them matter for the ongoing story, but all change at least three ""paragraphs"" of the scene it is in.This game doesn't force you to ""choose a path"" and lock out others like some do.  You have multiple chances at seeing the same scenes with characters.  As an example, you are given three options for who to hang out with.   Next day, you are presented with the other two, or maybe a another third choice.  Sometimes the plot in those other scenes make it pass by you.   It's not like you choose ""Shou"" and you're locked on the ""Shou Path"" for the rest of the game.  Even the breakpoint ""date"" scenes are based on the people you spent time with, so you can have several options.The characters in this game have their own plots going on.  And they will go on without your intervention if you don't interact with them.  It's pretty nice that your character isn't the prime motivator of all the plot.The voice acting is decent.  The best thing is that it is in English, and the voices are not outright annoying to listen to. (an issue I have with most JP visual novels)  The actors are not superstar talents, and it shows.  Some pronunciations are suspect, and actors change how they pronounce another character's names partway through.  It's not recorded in a high end studio an A game would have.  I suspect that the developers did the voices themselves.  That said, the directing and recording quality is perfectly acceptable given the game.  I have heard far, far worse voice acting with bad direction and terrible studio recording.  Ace Academy's voice acting just seems ""off"" but you easily get used to it.Gags are, for the most part, decent.  Plenty of room for improvement, but I like the humor style overall.  There is really only one part I dislike, and that is a fourth wall breaking anime convention where the devs tell you how the to make the game.  It's a little too far.SSparks is absolutely correct in that the plot ball is dropped often.  Narratively speaking, the main plotline is slowly built up during the game.  It is finally revealed, and the game ends ten minutes later with an unsatisfying climax.  The Secret Ending of the game even lets you, the player, demand to see the real ending.  The game explains they ran out of money, and gives a link to Patreon.  Seriously, that's how the game ends.  So much potential.  If you don't have the money to fit your narrative, make your narrative fit your budget.The mech combat isn't really used.  They could have removed it completely, and not much would change.  All it is is a timed menu choice.Artwork is good, perfectly acceptable.  The only issue is that the ""Strange outdated American junker Mech"" looks pretty much the same as the ""Sleek Modern Japanese Mechs"".  In essence, the Japanese mechs should be sport bikes to the protagonist's beat up power cruiser.Overall, while I am disappointed with the ending, I found the game to be strong and a sign that visual novels can work for me.  I want to see more western designed VNs like this, or at least fully localized Japanese ones.  I want this game to be a success so others will improve upon it."
,Recommended,396650,33298625,Posted: 5 July,all,MSII/CDT Santoro,"You did good PixelFade... You did good. I don't know about you, but I see this Ace Academy as a huge franchise, please consider making a sequel to this game. Worth it no matter the price, you get hooked, even for a noob graphic novelist player/reader myself."
,Recommended,396650,33413112,Posted: 9 July,all,Corrin Guardian,"Awesome Game! Has great Humor and awesome Characters! if there are more games related to this one, i'd be glad to play it!"
76561198047304933,Recommended,396650,33402726,Posted: 9 July,all,Bip,"I've really appreciated the lots of choice/interactions in 'ACE'. It's not just ""a lot of text to read"" like we can have in this type of game. Moreover it's fully voiced.Plus, I've never been bored and all characters were interesting.Recommended !"
76561198007759729,Recommended,396650,33396075,Posted: 8 July,all,gorthmaug,"I haven't played enough visual novels to do comparisons of this one to others, but I will say I've very glad I gave in to the impulse to buy it on sale.  Nice mix of comedy, relationship and maturation and some other elements I wasn't actually expecting.  Ending seemed a little abrupt and there were some moments I feel where editors may've missed the mark on tiny details (references to doing things with characters or other events that hadn't happened), but nothing at all deal breaking.  Also, while it isn't a pure comedy, this game me laugh out loud, repeatedly, very hard.  Almost always because your character, with the right dialogue choices, can be sarcastic and flippant, but not heartless at all, which is a target some games miss.Do recommend."
76561198152621997,Recommended,396650,33413856,Posted: 9 July,all,Daniel Carmine,"As my first ever visual novel... I'm very impressed with it.In short: it's funny and engaging. All the characters feel unique, including the MC, whom I made to act like a jerk (as you often have multiple dialogue chioces). The pictures are well drawn, and the sound tracks are just as cool. This... piece of art makes me wish it lasted forever. And if you're affraid of trying it out because of the ""elements of dating sim"" like I was, it's optional, and not cringy, nor forced at all."
76561198015698875,Recommended,396650,33427979,Posted: 10 July,all,Reaper,A great Visual novel that gives you the real experience of a visual novel with choices and great artwork. I would reccomend this to everyone who loves visual novels.
76561198042797140,Recommended,396650,31130191,Posted: 13 April,all,troyamonga,"I really enjoyed this game, but I honestly felt that the ending was way too rushed. I understand that the dev team couldn't logistically finish the game due to lack of money, but they should have planned around that. The romance and friendship plots with the main cast is done quite well, and the worldbuilding and the character's relationship to said world is also very good. But without spoiling anything, a huge plot thread is gone unanswered. I don't know if the devs have a sequel planned, but in my opinion if they didn't have the time to flesh out the lore behind the protagonist's Core, they should have made less intrigue around it. Instead of a thrilling conclusion, fans are left wondering just what the dev team had planned before the budget cut it short.Either way, this game was a good read for me. I thoroughly enjoyed it up until the ending, so I can't thumb it down. Just bear in mind what I've said."
76561198051861733,Recommended,396650,31128256,Posted: 13 April,all,MarsrOover,"Guys thank you!Every time i play this game, it is gonna made my day.This game is a unique one under the VN-Games and it is the 20 bucks worth it.I am really looking forward to your next projects and i hope, maybe someday, Ace Academy: Supernova will be one of them in the future. ;)"
76561197999138003,Recommended,396650,31182492,Posted: 16 April,all,Sendrik,"I normally dont play games like this(at least not anime themed ones),but ACE academy managed to get me into this now.The game is very funny,but it also has serious moments sometimes.The characters actions are understandable and dont feel too unrealistic or forced.Now,since there was also fighting involved:I think that it suits the game very well,since you fight by reading,and making your choice fast(you only got a few seconds).The only problem i have with the game......is the ending.I dont want to spoiler it,but it wasnt really satisfying for me.The game ends out of the blue,and many things are beeing left in the dark,and you dont get to see what will happens later.I thought that i would have much more time to work on the main characters relationship,s aswell,but then the game ended and the MC stayed single.Also,the ending wasnt doing the game any justice,because the game was really EPIC......But then....you get THIS ending.Though,i can understand that they didnt have the ressources for a better ending.The game was amazing,even with a ending like that,totally loved the humour and i will be keeping a eye on pixel fade from now one,and definatly play their next game!PS:Would like to see a ACE academy 2 in the future ;)"
,Recommended,396650,31111123,Posted: 12 April,all,Mister RPG *LJ*,"Post completion edit: The ending was very heartfelt and nice. Felt like a true culimation of all the good points I have collected but I was surprised at the length, while extremely good it really dragged. The writing was stellar and all characters felt like they got their happy ending even Koari the Tsundere and ""Senpai McButtsniffer"" had a role in it.I went for Yuuna. She is best girl. I'll definitely replay for a Valerie ending though at some point.PS: The voice acting was very well done. I'd guess this was a Triple A title by the voice work... so kudos to them...PPS: Showing people an example of what the controls are would be nice... biggest flaw, but its a visual novel. (You can go back via scrolling the mouse wheel and hard save with a right click)-------------------One unique VN. Unlike most because it's actually hilarious, has GREAT references, does a superb job of making you feel like a Gundam... I mean ""GEAR"" pilot... and is well done. Not just for cheap pervy kicks, but an actual story with very likable characters and a rare sibling that's interactive and fun.Is it 20 bucks worth? Only if you like VNs and anime. If you do, maybe you might find it worth the price but on a sale... VERY worth it. (Edit: Over 10 hours in one playthrough, tons of laughs. Cant see why not??)I know after this, I'll be following the dev's work to see what other fun ideas they might have..."
76561198062550828,Recommended,396650,26501488,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,eitaru,10/10would yolo and jeopardize my team again
76561198217059347,Recommended,396650,22488817,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Termin8r,"This game is quite impressive. It's got an interesting set up, memorable characters and a good blend of comedy, romance and family in this Slice-of-Life visual novel.I especially like the relationship MC has with his sister and Uncle, and the backstory behind their family is pretty interesting too.The classmates are some of the best, though.Shou, the goofy, perverted best friend who's basically Yosuke from Persona 4Kaori, the easily embarrassed TsundereYuuna, the kind-hearted schoolgirlMayu, the meek and shy girland Valerie, the flirtatious and confident transfer student"
,Recommended,396650,29219426,Posted: 13 January,all,Scyhammr,"An absolutely great slice of life, with loveable characters and a story that really draws you in."
76561198059412393,Recommended,396650,29354508,Posted: 19 January,all,S227 Omega,This is an amazing visual novel that I have played and with so many options to chose it makes it easy to escape from reality to this amazingly thought out world. My favourite parts are when make choices in the mech with only a limited timer to do so.Viusal quality 10/10Sound quality 10/10Music quality 10/10I just want the story to continue. :D
76561198104069483,Recommended,396650,29366722,Posted: 19 January,all,MicroPunkz Edit,"Honestly well done PixelFade!!Interesting storyline, funny and cleverly delivered cliché situations (ah...Japanese hotspring! <_<), immersive dialogues with tons of options (replayability value). Will gladly purchase any coming DLC."
76561198100305902,Recommended,396650,29729844,Posted: 5 February,all,TriCobaltGaming,"Before this game, I had never played a Visual novel, hadn't even considered it.  The closest I was to one was watching Chilled Chaos play Katawa Shoujo on youtube.  Man I do not regret buying this game one bit.  The writing is fantastic, the art and CGs are amazing, and best of all, it's Voice acted in ENGLISH.  That's not something you see often in VNs.  I enjoyed the premise, and it flowed perfectly.(if you're here because Amalee got you interested, you aren't alone, she VAs 2 parts, and it's fantastic)I'm a huge fan of Pixelfade now, only a month after my purchase, and I'm actively following their next project, which will be just as awesome10/10 most fun I've had in a while, and most emotional I've gotten from a game since Cortana died in Halo 4"
76561198013512741,Recommended,396650,29266479,Posted: 14 January,all,CBSq Armade,I have never written a review for a game and I have to say this game was amazing. If you are looking for a game that gives you a great story intament moments and time when you will be laughing so loudly your neighbors hear you! This is the game for you!! I love every minute of this game that I played. ACE Acedemy is to addicting story will immerse you in an instant and I found myself looking forward to what would happen the next day.The Only negative thing I can say about ACE Academy is that the Action moments are few and far between. but that is it.I had so much fun playing this game that I'm gonna go threw 5 or 100 more times haha!I highly recommend you give this little title a shot.
76561198012023582,Recommended,396650,29638427,Posted: 1 February,all,lewrker,"Very good, but short and expensive. I don't care that you did a 'crowdfunding', when you charge full price for a half finished game AFTER you've made it episodic already, that's just a wonky excuse. I don't buy half-finished books/movies with a disclaimer at the end that some very naive people didn't pay ALL of your costs up front."
76561198262164526,Recommended,396650,31327322,Posted: 23 April,all,vonhusenburg,"[Summary]:After finishing my first arc in Ace Academy I think a more appropriate title should be ""Pop Culture Reference: A Visual Novel""!But seriously, this is a great VN. It has it's flaws, and I'll get to that, but for the most part this is VN has been a blast to play. I'm not going to go into detail summing up what Ace Academy is about, if anything you've already read the synopsis, and now what you really want to know is whether it’s worth your time, and more importantly, worth your money. I can safely say that the answer to both those questions are: Yes! and Yes! I got this for $10 on a Steam sale, and I would have easily spent the full asking price of $20 for this awesome experience, and the creator's deserve your support.Ace Academy is funny, exciting, and even gives you some feels here and there. The art, while not amazing, is decent, and the CG’s in particular are pretty good. The characters, if somewhat archetypical, are all endearing and decently voice acted (for the most part). Especially considering the cast is made up of mostly amateur, to semi-professional voice actors.To top it all off, Ace Academy fulfilled my childhood dream of shouting “SHINING FINGER!!!!!” right before my transformed mech tore apart my opponent. That experience alone was worth the price of admission!Overall 7/10[Long Version]Ace Academy is a rarity, in that it is one of the few visual novels that is fully voiced IN ENGLISH, and this is the first fully voiced English VN I’ve played. I’ve played a decent amount of visual novels, but all of them were voiced in Japanese, and at least one of them SHOULD have been voiced in English (for more on that check out my review of No One But You).The characters and cast of this VN are, for the most part, very well done, and one of the stand out characters is actually YOU! Because you get to be the protagonist. When talking about the player character, one of the things that Ace Academy did well is the shear amount of choices you can make. This is a very interactive VN. Unlike some other VNs, where you’re given maybe a couple choices that pretty much amount to: “Which character route do you want to play?” Ace Academy has close to a hundred different choices that you can make at different instances throughout the story, and a lot of the options are pretty hilarious. For the most part, these just simply add to the story, giving you several options of how to react to events going on in the story, while a dozen or so directly affect the progression of the plot. You can also imagine my surprise when I was given a choice in a high intensity situation, and suddenly noticed a countdown timer on the screen. So, this VN will even make sure that you’re paying attention at times when your character needs to make split second decisions.This, combined with how the player character was written, led to an experience that I feel can be very personalized for every play through. The player character has enough depth that he doesn’t seem too generic and boring, while also not being so intricate that he becomes unrelatable to the point where you can't see yourself as him. Since most of the aspects of his character are left for you to decide.In regards to the other cast of characters, as this is a VN/Dating Sim, there are four heroines whose character arcs you can explore. I’ll be honest, these four heroines are pretty archetypical, you’ve got Kaori, the tsundere, Mayu, the shy girl, Valerie, the mischievous flirt, and Yuuna, the sweet girl next door. However, despite being archetypical, they do manage to have enough character depth and development where I can excuse their initial lack of originality. In addition, there are several supporting characters including the plucky “best friend” character Shou, your Imouto, (your little sister, for all you uncultured plebs) and your uncle that you live with, that stand out, and that I really enjoyed.Having just finished Mayu’s arc, I will say that there are some aspects of her story that I wish had been handled differently. The whole progression of your relationship with her was somewhat anticlimactic in my opinion. I’m a big fan of dramatic confessions, and passionate kisses, and I sadly didn’t get that. There was also this whole aspect of her relationship with her father that was repeatedly mentioned in the story, but never fully explored. However, as a whole I enjoyed her arc.Now, as I get to some of my main gripes with Ace Academy, let me start by talking about the voice acting. For the most part, the voice acting in Ace Academy is fine. There are some moments, and one character in particular, that were a bit grating, but nothing that seriously grinded on my nerves. If I had to list the strongest performances they would probably lead as follows: Shou, Nikki, Valerie, and then everyone else did fine, but had a couple lines here and there that seemed to fall little short, and could have been delivered better...and then there’s Kaori.I’ll be honest, I don’t like tsunderes to begin with, but Kaori’s character was probably my least favorite from this story, and sadly I believe this is due in large part to how her character was voiced. I don’t know where the blame here lies, whether it’s with the director, or with Kaori’s VA, but her performance was pretty grating at times. There simply wasn’t a lot of range with Kaori’s emotions. She simply sounded♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all the time, and delivered her lines basically with the same tone and rhythm every time she spoke. It was as if she was given the whole script and just told, “Okay, read every line like you’re♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at someone,” and she read the whole script like that, without actually reading the other character’s lines for context. That’s probably not what happened, but that’s what it felt like.The only other thing I would mention on the voice acting, was that there were certain lines that were just completely dropped, sometimes mid conversation. This didn’t happen till more than half way through, but they did, and again I can understand that mistakes were made here and there, and they didn’t happen frequently enough for me to become too upset.In regards to the story, I really liked Ace Academy, I simply wish there was more, and to an extent I feel the people a PixelFade feel the same way, and they were simply trying to do the best with the resources available to them, and at the end of the day I’m impressed with what we got. I really believe that the selling point of this VN is it’s comedy. Like I said earlier, this VN has A TON of pop culture references in it. With Gladiator being one of my all time favorite movies, I appreciated the many Gladiator references. However, I will say that there are times when I felt that Ace Academy was a little too dependent on it’s otaku and pop culture references for it’s comedy. I personally love that kind of comedy, but I can understand if someone playing Ace Academy got tired of it after awhile.You might feel after reading all of my gripes Ace Academy, that I’ve been pretty harsh, but what I say, I say out of love, and I can tell that this was a labor of love for PixelFade. I really did enjoy Ace Academy at the end of the day, and I will definitely go back and play the rest of the story routes...even Kaori’s. I am simply offering constructive criticism. I know it probably won't happen, but if there ever was a sequel, or remake of Ace Academy, I would love to see these aspects improved upon, and knowing that PixelFade is making more games, I hope they learn from both their achievements, as well as their mistakes moving forward, and make even better games.If you at PixelFade are reading this, keep up the good work! I’ve decided I’m going to support you on Patreon, because I really want to see more of what you can do!"
76561198114470751,Recommended,396650,31852732,Posted: 19 May,all,ssljedi,"TL;DR - This game/VN is definitely worth the $20, and even more so if you can snag it when it goes on sale.Storytelling is a very important part of our collective wisdom.  Not only can one inform or educate with a good story, but also entertain with it as well.  Video games are all about storytelling.  The most memorable games are usually ones that have a good backstory that draws you in to the action.  A very select few transcend even that remarkable achievement by creating their own realms and characters, with such rich detail and massive potential, you can't help but want to know more about them.  These games make you want to follow every adventure around every twist and turn, and wonder what the next chapters in the story might be, even if the story has already reached an ending.This is one of those games.I'm simply amazed at the level of quality and detail that went into this.  I'll admit it isn't 100% perfect - no game I've played has ever been that way.  Still, the combination of a well-thought-out story arc, mecha action, plot choices, romanceable characters, artwork, and music make this VN well worth playing through multiple times.  I've already played through it a few times, and I'm continuing to do so, just so I can play through all the character romances.What also makes this VN worth playing are the bits of comedy strewn throughout the story.  The character dialogue alone can evoke a few laughs, but then you can be faced with a choice of options, and one of them is 'Sniggity snooty, I'm comin' for that booty!'  I mean, come on!  That's comedy gold right there!  It's also a lot of fun to explore each of the characters' storylines, getting to know their traits and selecting choices that play into them.Like I mentioned earlier, this game has left me wanting for more, which is a really good thing in this case.  I know the developers have hinted about the possibility of revisiting this VN to do a sequel someday, personally, I could see a whole lot more being done with it.  A sequel has a strong chance of being commercially and critically successful; so does an expansion chapter to this existing VN.  I could even see this becoming an animated series, given the right resources and staffing.Yes, it really is that good.  But don't just take my word for it.  96% positive ratings at the time of this review speaks for itself.  I'm looking forward to seeing PixelFade's next VN - Crystalline.  Given how wonderful this VN was, I'm sure Crystalline will be a mega-hit."
76561198311151944,Recommended,396650,31551746,Posted: 4 May,all,Unparalleled Overlord,"I enjoy this games very much, for it's excellent the story, the interesting charcters and it's many different Routes, plots and the very cheeky humor, I could play this game again and again because of it all!I hope PixelFade makes a sequel to Ace Academy or at least have a epilogue to answer my curiosoty to some of stories like the complete tale of thier parents, does Shou take on the family buisness and what was Nikki trying to hide from her brother at the beach?Overall I give this Game 10 for 10. Can't Wait to see what PixelFade comes up with next and am looking forward to Crystalline once it is complete."
76561198068739145,Recommended,396650,31654050,Posted: 9 May,all,The Mod God,"this is a absolutely FANTASTIC visual novel that i would recommend to just about anyone who enjoys the genre! the characters are all loveable in their own ways, it has some suprising drama and some dark mysteries that i would not have expected from a slice of life game. probably the best thing about the game is it's sense of humor. the game is chock full of pop culture references and some of the diolog options are gold (I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not ""swaggity swooty I'm comming for that booty"" and ""are you not entertained?!?"" are ♥♥♥♥ing diolog options!). altho i wish the character path lock in was more obvious, and sometimes the protagonist acted in a way that i would have liked to prevent (for example, I hate the whole ""rude and overprotective big brother/ father ♥♥♥♥s with sister/daughter's boyfriend"" trope and would have liked to have an option to at least be civil). also for some reason some of the voice clips didn't play at some points. all that being said it is a fantastic game that is well worth the 20 bucks to play! anyone on the fence with this game should at least give it a shot."
,Recommended,396650,31644045,Posted: 9 May,all,Kuro Neko,"Officially the best Visual Novel i have ever played with an amazing interface and the best part different than other games i played ,of scrolling back and exploring your options (as u all know we always do that). Hope everyone supports them on their next project of Crystalline as the beta seemed interesting.Thats all!!!"
,Recommended,396650,34798477,Posted: 7 September,all,UntoldGhost,Good Story
76561198295273819,Recommended,396650,34867678,Posted: 10 September,all,Juki 12,"I love this game so much it is my favorite visual novel to this datefor a couple of reasons:1st the music, I really like the music it fits the theme so well most of the time and I can't help but sometimes stop and listen to the amazing work the devs put in the tracks it's a bummer that you can't buy the soundtrack2end the creative battle and mini game system, it really makes a difference to make it just that more amusing and if you do it perfectly it feels so accomplishing3rt the choces, this game has so many choices and it feels like they all make a difference and it's a very good way of making it feel like you're really the character you're playing.4rt the references I'm may be biased on this point but I can't help but smile at the references the devs left in this game I love them and I think it is a good way to make the world more relatable for the playerIn short, I love this game and sure it has a few flaws but all games do no game is pervect.In my case, it raises the bar for visual novels forever and it shows that the small details really make a difference and even with limited resources you can create a very entertaining and good gameI also bought the new game in early access!They brought it out this year and I have really high expectations for the game!keep doing what you are doing and you'll bring out the best visual novels ever!"
,Recommended,396650,34893498,Posted: 11 September,all,"""CRAZY"" Gaston","This was a decent VN, and I acknowledge that commercial VNs in the West are still relatively new, but this was very solid. But I'm ♥♥♥♥ING A WHITE MALE, so what do I know? Anyway, I wish they'd actually finish the story. I appreciate the amount of branching etc. but I'd rather a finished story than have more choices."
76561198371211416,Recommended,396650,32277419,Posted: 8 June,all,Yōji Itami,"Great Romance and Comedy in this VN, I played it through in two days spending most of my free time but I dont have the slightest regret because it was all worth it. Seriously though I will be quite sad if there wont be a sequel to this."
76561198217762151,Recommended,396650,34008276,Posted: 3 August,all,rockkart,"This is a visual novel with a capturing story. The only wish I have is that there were some RPG aspects and moderate gameplay to the battles. The caracters were awesome as well and their developement was smooth yet noticable. The voice acting was great considering its an indie title, though sometimes the audio and the subtitles were out of sequence. I greatly enjoyed the fourth-wall breaks and the pop-culture references that came from time to time. I'm not a huge fan of visual novels but this one definitly takes the cake on the few I've played.I would like to congradulate the development team on a job well done and say thanks for the awesome experience. Maybe we can see a sequel soon? I want to hear more about the accolades of Ceonardo DeLaprio!"
,Recommended,396650,33983485,Posted: 2 August,all,Mazu,Why are all Americans in manga/anime/LN/games blonde :(.
,Recommended,396650,34008533,Posted: 3 August,all,トマツ,"Best game ever, good art.10/10VALARIE BEST GIRL"
76561198259702770,Recommended,396650,34019317,Posted: 4 August,all,John,"It was a great visual novel and much more that the sum of its parts but I'll go into those parts anyways below. The short answer about this game is that if you like VN's, several choices of women in dating sims, a cute and funny slice of life story placed in the future you will like this game. For those who have come to this game to experience the ""story"" rather than the dating sim turn away now. Many parts of the story including the ""ending"" are driven by your choices in the datiing sim.All in all I will reccomend this game, my full review is below.The dating sim worked well, and unlike many other VN's of this type there was no question as to who you want to date. The game figuired that out based on a couple of your early game decisions. The way that they did it made everything feel very natrual. The dating sim portion gets a 10/10The fighting sequences were easy, and the engine that they were using to program it doesn't usually support combat sequences so the way that they went about it was fairly smart, however there are other games that used the same engine that did it better such as the SUNRIDER series. Unlike the sunrider series though, if you fail by scrolling up you can try again. The Fighting sequence get a 5/10 for lack of action.The story was amazing. It took me about 5 hours to complete one path and then only a couple of hours to complete the others. i skipped quite a bit on those other playthrough because I wanted to look at the ending. The plot was amazing however the ending left a little to be desired. There was no denouement or in layman's terms resolution to the story. The main conflict that drove a huge portion of the story is never resolved. For that I have to give the story a inc/10 for being incomplete.I give this game a 8.5/10 with 1 point being able to be earned back by either making a sequel or by adding onto the story, and .5 being redeemable if they ever fix their combat sequences."
76561198092065417,Recommended,396650,33995207,Posted: 3 August,all,SoS (Piney),"Remarkably good if a bit trope-filled mecha-oriented visual novel.  Cutesy anime style art and good voice acting.  Up on par with many Japanese visual novels.If I had to list a con it's the story, specifically the ending.  It's not bad, it's just that the writers seem to add a bit of backstory to add tension and provide reasons for the main character to stand out, but then never resolve it.  Instead of a 'The End' it's more like 'Meh'."
76561198085589342,Recommended,396650,34012521,Posted: 4 August,all,YesThisIsTig,One of the best.
76561198286762711,Recommended,396650,34038587,Posted: 5 August,all,tkseaton,10/10
76561198025566583,Recommended,396650,34047011,Posted: 5 August,all,exia66,"It's actually pretty solid. There's a couple of issues I had with the title, namely a couple of the background NPCs feeling terrible voice-wise, but nothing outright terrible enough to distract from the experience. There's a good number of hooks and loose plot points that do remain come the end of the story but hey, the story could always be continued down the line.The characters are tropey, and some of the jokes don't always land, but I'd say the overall package kind of works to the title's advantage. There was a couple of points where I was expecting the story to go a certain way, but it went another much to my surprise. I don't regret the money I spent on it but it's a title that's entirely reliant on your expectations going in and perhaps your tolerance to tropes and the like that are ever present throughout the title's run. I mean, it does have the obligatory beach episode. I'll probably be supporting Pixelfade's next title, whever it hits steam, thanks to the fun I had with Academy."
76561198007564108,Recommended,396650,30643992,Posted: 20 March,all,Amerrol,"Really fun visual novel. Only did the Yuuna route so far and it took me about 9 hours. The rest of the routes won't take near as long, but I wouldnt be surpised if I'm well over 15 hours once is all said and done.Story is pretty cliche, but I had fun reading it, and it made me laugh many times. Lots of solid references to anime and American culture/memes. Characters are okay, and the voice acting is pretty hit or miss, but I've heard worse.If you really love visual novels, it's probably worth the 20 bucks, but I rarely buy things full price on Steam. I got it for $5 on sale, but since I enjoyed it so much I decided to back the studios next project on Kickstarter.Edit: 0/10 could not bang sister."
,Recommended,396650,34053489,Posted: 5 August,all,Lazy Invincible General,"I usually don't write reviews for anything (hell I wish I could just click a thumbs up or down button instead of having to write one), But if you like visual novels I think this one deserves some attention the only complaint I have is that there is no CG with them together after the story. Other than that its a awesome story with some nice music, scenes, as well some well developed characters that don't flat line in terms of personality."
76561198067725186,Recommended,396650,34178386,Posted: 11 August,all,hexagon,"Excellent game.The robots and ""fighting"" almost seemed like an unnecessary part of the game. I get that they are why the academy exists, I just never understood the ""fighting mechanism"". Is there a difference between ""Fire"", ""Hit"", ""Aim"", ""Shoot"", and ""Target"" when making a selection?I didn't understand the reasoning behind having ""female"" and ""male"" robots either. But, robot battles are a minor part of the game, so no need to dwell on their mysteries for long.The rest of the game is great.•	Several cute girls to pursue.•	Fantastic voice overs (Admittedly, I did not like them all at the beginning, but they all sounded perfect by the end).•	Excellent writing and grammar throughout.•	My first play though matched me up with Yunna.•	My second play through I went for Mayu, but ended up alone at the end of the game.•	In play through three I finally got Mayu for myself.I wish there was a path to follow with Mei. My “interest” was raised after spotting her at the beach.Sadly, each play through does not lead to an achievement, but it does unlock some graphics in the Extras menu. Overall I don't try much for achievements, but they would be great in this game as a little extra motivation to see all of the story paths.I was never much of a visual novel player, but with great titles like this available, I'll keep trying them out."
76561198148484518,Recommended,396650,34183103,Posted: 11 August,all,Jack Frost,Way to short but it was good so 6/10. I mean like nothing got resloved we got a prologue at ♥♥♥♥ing best.
,Recommended,396650,34388454,Posted: 20 August,all,FrostFireDragon,"""With Big Ol Tittes"" Is how I write this review"
76561198369712813,Recommended,396650,34308927,Posted: 17 August,all,Tsubasa,Makes you wanna fall in love all over again
,Recommended,396650,34409777,Posted: 21 August,all,Guri,Let me start by saying that i really enjoyed this game even though my review seems like im all im doing is bashing it but theres a reason for it. If just want to know my true feelings about the game go ahead and just skip to the very end.My spelling is bad so bare with me ;pTo start with the that bugged me about this game is the music*it randomly cuts out in the middle of scene and wont start till the next scene begins or just starts over mid way through*couple of times got sad music during what should have been a happy moment and because of this kinda ruined it for meCharacters*while going through the story lines i couldnt really connect with the characters until you get closer till the end*as far as the which girl to date story lines you start to connect with the different girls but as soon as you choose one the story that you were fallowing with all the characters just disapers and goes off in a different direction and its kind of off setting at first although i know they did it so you would go through and play it again to see all the stories but i wish they would have made a more natural transition to the new story line instead of just cutting if off and starting new*when you do choose the girl you want to call your GF its kind of akward in the sense that neither your family nore your friends really acknowleg the newly found relationship which is once again off putting and cofnussing*when a scene would end with a character being busy and you having to wait for infromation from them and you would have free time to hang out with friends for the rest of the afternoon but when the selection would come up it would only be the one person you just left because they were busy and that would always kind of throw me offVoice Overs*while i thought the voice overs were good they were times where the voice wouldnt match the text or would only read one line of text and leave another two or three lines unread*some of the recorded voices at times were obviously recoreded differently because of the claraty and volume of it would be off copared to all the others in the scene but this would only happen for one or two lines then would go back to normalDecision Making*one thing and its small but there are some decisions where you have a time limit to choose an option(5sec) and i do like this its different and adds to it but the count down was hard to see on the background some times and i missed the time to choose an option leading to something that i wouldnt have pickedGOOD NEWS FINALLY!!!Alright now that im done nit picking the hell out of this game i want to say that i loved this game. The reason i judged it so hard was because there was so much more that could have come from this game because the story line was great and when you did connect with charecters it made the story line so much better plus with the girl i chose to make my GF the first play though really made the main story even better but in all honesty they all add something to support the main character which added to the story. So to close this out i want to say that i thank for the small team who created this game that i really loved this game and i cant wait to see futur projects from you and while i understand that you were limited by what you could produce you did a great job. I would recomend this game to any one who is into VN or just getting into them you will not be disapointed with it as long as your not like me ;pPlus little side note they make refernces to some animes and i love it defently adds too it
76561198321577197,Recommended,396650,34236216,Posted: 14 August,all,Joe Higashi,That plethora of feelings from the game...got me tearing at times and blushing a little just like Kaori :)
76561198366191497,Recommended,396650,34202629,Posted: 12 August,all,devynduffy,"I've only just started playing visual novels and dating sims, but so far, ACE Academy is my favorite of those genres. There's a lot to like.You make choice after choice after glorious choice as you guide your main character through his new life in Japan as a transfer student in piloting at ACE Academy (which reviewers call a high school but seems to me to definitely be a university). You join a team and pilot your GEAR (robot/mecha) through various battle matches, which are quick and simple to play and are bookended by strategy sessions and postmatch analysis. You go to classes and sit through or skip lessons and assignments. You adjust to a new family life at home with your charming little sister Nikki and your fun uncle Kaito. You have natural, rich, meaningful relationships with your friends and teammates. You crack jokes, play pranks, and encounter numerous weird pop culture references. And through all this, you learn about your GEAR and what connection it may have to the loss of your parents. All of this makes ACE Academy a fun yet moving game that took me about ten hours on the first playthrough. (Steam says I have 3 hours, but it stopped counting after the first day for some reason.)What this game handles best of all is the relationships between the characters. With so many choices, you have a lot of control over the main character (although not complete control: occasionally he does something I wouldn't do or chose not to do). The game is long enough for the characters to reveal their depth, to one another as well as to you. And the relationships develop naturally.On my first time through, I decided not to pursue any of the four possible girls but instead stay open to whatever might happen. I spent time with the girl I liked the most, but then she signaled that she was uneasy about our feelings and didn't want to pursue them, so I backed off and we became great friends. Meanwhile, I was unsure about another girl, and I took things as slowly as I could... which gave us the chance to really get to know each other, until one day she said something that made me realize that what was happening between us was real, so I chose to kiss her, and we ended up in such a close relationship that by story's end, I felt sure that our characters would end up marrying each other after graduation.Some reviewers are disappointed with the story's ending, feeling that it's a big buildup with no payoff, but I found it satisfying. In my playthrough, the major plot points were resolved in a striking way(instead of a conspiracy to kill my parents and steal my GEAR's technology, it turns out to be the other way around, that my father put technology in my GEAR that he shouldn't have, and his death was an accident), yet leaving the satisfying feeling that these characters still have their lives ahead of them. Even though our story ends, theirs will go on.There are a few quibbles with this game. For example, some of the backgrounds get reused, the pop culture references can be a bit over the top sometimes, and I wish there were an option to make the main character's relationship with his sister sweeter and more supportive without the teasing. And the story is so deep that it might keep me from replaying the game any time soon. The game seems to let you skip scenes that you've played before, but I would want the whole experience again... and if I take another route it might be bittersweet to meet my girlfriend again knowing that we're not getting together this time.All in all, ACE Academy is an immersive, intriguing, fun game with mostly likeable characters, and a story that you get to participate in with active choices rather than just passively observe. You'll have to decide for yourself if you like it, but I really do. Highly recommended.(I never guessed I would fall so deeply in love withValerie Belle.)"
76561198111064474,Recommended,396650,34056158,Posted: 6 August,all,Double Life,"Holy... Holy holy holy... For an indie game it's probably one of the best things ever if your looking for a casual dating sim. Especially if you're new to them. So many options and so many things to choose from...However I will be honest and blunt the game lacked in a lot of optional ways. Like your character will just automatically ""think this way"" and I get it due to the story. But honestly it would have been better to fully be able to choose.Another thing is a LOT of characters didn't have drawn people... They were just siluettes. I get it again due to the funding and such (as seen at the end of the credits)One more thing.Why was nikki not an option!?;-; whaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii"
,Recommended,396650,34261211,Posted: 15 August,all,Hiz,"It's a fun and very enjoyable VN that's not made in Japan, which is a tall order to achieve imo."
,Recommended,396650,34198713,Posted: 12 August,all,FAButzke,"Just like in real life, I ended up alone.10/10"
76561198247390396,Recommended,396650,34468399,Posted: 24 August,all,bateman7,"its good, really goodps: mayu is best girl"
76561198010838885,Recommended,396650,34640388,Posted: 31 August,all,mnmike2002,"Short-ish romance visual novel.  (The first full playthrough takes about 5 hours.)  Nothing either particularly objectionable or particularly noteworthy about it.  Characters are pretty good, universe is okay, it has a solid sense of humor, the art and music are both above average, and it is fully voiced.  However, the plot is rushed, and none of the relationships really stand out.For fans of VNs, it's certainly worth playing, but it won't win many converts to the genre."
76561198185311038,Recommended,396650,34968995,Posted: 15 September,all,Tupper,Amazing game ever I really enjoyed the story line and concept its a must have in my book.
76561198112931448,Recommended,396650,35236020,Posted: 26 September,all,Vulcan Khione The KingPersona999,This is really good game but it felt too short.  It needs a sequel or DLC for more of its story.8.5/10
76561198061838115,Recommended,396650,35429484,Posted: 2 October,all,Sauron,One of the best light romance novels
,Recommended,396650,35213787,Posted: 25 September,all,Robert2424,"One of my Favorite Visual Novals. It has a good storyline and very likeable charicters. This game is the besides anouther game, is the entire reason I even buy Visual novels. Definitly worth a buy and if its on sale, it'll be a steal."
76561198135178389,Recommended,396650,35448153,Posted: 3 October,all,Nenock,I don't play a lot of VN but this is the single one that I like the most and the one that had me starting to play VNs in the first place. Also Kaori is indeed the best girl
76561198080402838,Recommended,396650,35504868,Posted: 5 October,all,LastGreenseer,"Great game, immersive story with great emotional drama and great romantic options (Yuuna best girl). The diologue also manages to be very ammusing and had me smiling most of the time :)My only critism (and this is more for the developers) is that sometimes, when the charecters where speaking, I could hear some backgroud noice or an echo, mainly with Valerie's diolgue. I'm guessing the audio wasn't tuned correctly or she was in a different recording space at the time? I've recording voice acting myself before so i notice these things. It's not to distracting but it can be easily fixed for future projects.9/10 Highly reccommended"
,Recommended,396650,35509154,Posted: 5 October,all,dedKK,"After having finished Kaori's route, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at how this game turned out. I wasn't expecting much from this game especially after seeing the 6.xx score from vndb but this was enough to satisfy my Visual Novel cravings. I would probably update this after going through all routes but for now:Pros:*The other girls' lives doesn't revolve around you. Unlike other VNs I read, their lives and interaction doesn't stop completely once you have picked out a route. I was surprised that other characters had found a relationship even without the MCs urging, especially since these other characters can be romanced as well. You could also hang out with them even after locking into another route which is a huge plus because in other VNs they fade into obscurity with the spotlight shining towards your route.*The story was pleasant. It wasn't completely mind-blowing or thought-provoking, and it definitely isn't boring and a slog to go through.*The comedy and some fourth-wall breaking is great. Examples include the audition where you can act like Randy Jackson and another judge will act like Simon Cowell, the Persona 4 reference during Halloween, AnimeCon learning how to create a Visual Novel and Yuuna's tennis league among many others.*Not much attention on drama. After going through the tearjerking Katawa Shoujo, I'm kind of glad I bought this since it is light-hearted and comedy-centric. Of course, those drama junkies will have to look to get their fix elsewhere. There's also no surprise twists of any sort and after watching the full gameplay of Doki Doki Literature Club, this is hugeeely appreciated. My God even though it says that it's not for the easily disturbed, I can't help but watch it.Cons*The ending was unsatisfying. The build-up to MCs story was great but the ending was meh. It would have been better had MCs life been threatened due to his father's decision but that didn't come to be.*How the MC can still flirt with other characters even after the decision to lock onto a route. It just feels wrong.*The final match was unsatisfying. Instead of ACE-2049-11 beating REBORN due to skill alone, my team won due to Phoenix's overload draining faster than mine and instead of fighting against starters, we fought against substitutes.*There are some parts where the voice acting doesn't fully encompass the dialouge written. There are also some parts where the voice acting is slightly different from what is written.*No explanation on what key is skip, auto mode, etc. I have to press each key on the keyboard to find out what the skip was (it's TAB btw) and to find others out.*Backgrounds are recycled in some parts. When tutoring in the daycare you get the BG from the library at ACE, any lobby from other places gets you the Pilot's lounge, among others."
