user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,396640,32096825,Posted: 31 May,all,Creeping Pastor,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Spelunky's sadistic cousin on steroids. A little challenging to pick up, but once you get the hang of it the controls are really tight. No matter how mad I get at this game I always come crawling back."
,Recommended,396640,27053271,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Archande,"This game deserves a better review than one I could give it. Just climb the damn tower, there are things in here you could never dream of.THE TOWER IS TALL"
,Recommended,396640,20268894,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Caomhainn,"Developer: Davioware and QuaziPublisher: Davioware and QuaziRelease Date: September 22nd, 2015I eyed this game for so long. I wasn’t sure if I should pick it up or not for what it is.I do love plattformers. I do love the roguelike genre so I figured I can’t do wrong.Yup I was right. The game’s incredibly fun. I can honestly see myself playing it whenever I just want to take my mind off of things.StoryThere’s no real story as far as I know.All that I know is that you’re one weak human with an iron will and one goal: to reach the top of the tower.GameplayKeyboard or Controller. Pick your poison. I’ve tried both and I’m just more comfortable with a controller as of now but that might change.The controls are rather simple. You’re able to walk or run, jump and climb walls.In order to climb up or down you have to cling to it first. That my friends is crucial. That means that you have to press the key/stick against the wall, hold the jump button and hold it while climbing either up or down. As soon as you let go or if you’re not paying enough attention to it you let go and, in most cases, fall to your death. Thankfully there’s an option called invert climb. Basically you don’t have to hold the jump button in order to cling to a wall just press your key/stick against the well.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=591178339The same goes for running. You can choose between holding a set key/button in order to run or if you run by default.Let’s talk about jumping. There are two forms of jumps. Jumps while running and while you’re standing still. While running you’ll jump further and while standing you’ll jump higher. So you’ll see you’ll have to make some precise jumps if you don’t want to take a bath in someh a w tlava.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=591177508Now onto the potions. You start off with four kind of potions.Three blues, three reds, one green and one revive potion.The blue ones allow you to perform one double jump. The red ones allow you kill enemies and to break blocks. More importantly if you throw such a potion down while jumping it’ll give you small boost which you can use to get higher or further. The last one is a revive potion which will revive you once most of the times. I say most of the times but it depends how you die. If you fall down in lava for example that’s it. If you try to impale yourself on some spikes it’ll revive you.Next stop: items.There are different kind of items. So far I’ve found a sword, a boomerang, crates and so on. I’m pretty sure there’s a ton I haven’t found yet. To make it short: You’ll use most of the items to give you a boost in mid air. So it’s best to experiment what the items do and how you can use and abuse them. The witch sells you some items if you have enough berries for her potion of youth. Or whatever she uses those for.Berries! No need to drool we won’t be eating those.So far I’ve seen three different kind of berries. Blue, red and yellow.The blue and red ones work the same as the potions. Yellow on the other hand speeds you up while climbing which is pretty neat.Then there are golden berries. Those are pretty much the currency in the game and with those you can buy various things from the witch as I said earlier like the potions which you’ll really need if you want to reach the top.Level design is next up.Depending on the RNG, and how far you come, you’ll find yourself in different kind of levels.I’ve had the pleasure to get a lava stage three times in a row. Basically lava willslowlyrise and fill up the level so you’re under some pressure to find and reach the exit. The music isn’t any help to not stress you out.Another level I’ve successfully died in I had to control some kind of balloons and maneuver one through a bunch of razor sharp fans.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=592024535My favorite one so far is the water level. Basically you’re able toswimthrough the stage which is a nice change. You just have to watch out so that no worms or fishes try to eat your face. Fun times.That’s pretty much it as of now. There might be a lot more but that’s all I’ve seen as of now.VisualsDeactivate depixelize. Please do me that favor even if you hate pixels. The game looks so much better without that option. The game looks gorgeous. It maybe could be a bit more defined here and there and might be a bit rough around the edges but overall I’m more than pleased with the looks of it. The combination of the look, controls and the music … For some reason I enjoy every death.AudioThe music in the game’s just good.It gives you a sense of mystery while playing, is relaxing in some instances and then it pressures you whenever you’re trying to not bath in some lava.I especially like the sound effects of the enemies My favorite sound must the hound even though it looks like a dog(e).What else can I say?The Tower wants you dead. Keep that in mind. Not to mention the RNG can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but we’re all used to it by now. Well I know that I am and that I don’t mind so calledunfairRNG.TowerClimb is a really fun game that you can play every now and then either in short bursts or for the whole day. It’s challenging but at the same time rewarding. Just making it to the exit of a level is pure joy … just to find out that the tower decided that you’re not worthy of him and gets you killed in one way or another.Overall it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,396640,19399384,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BrianRubin,"This game has clicked with me. Hard. I love procedurally generated games, especially platformers, and this game offers a challenge unlike most others. It's never unfair, as all of my deaths were my own fault, so it avoids being too frustrating or annoying. What it IS, is satisfying. REALLY satisfying. Getting past just the first room/area was a challenge, and it felt GREAT getting past it.That's not even the first level, just the first ROOM in the first level, and they're always different. One level had rising lava for no real reason, one other had dogs on every ledge, one was full of wasps, and yet I always had a great time. The graphics are both retro and modern (thanks to amazing lighting effects) and charming as hell, and the music is great. I love roguelikes and I play a lot of them, but I think this is one that will stick with me for a very, very long time."
,Recommended,396640,32128953,Posted: 2 June,all,M3gadeuce,"I can see that this game is pretty addicting, and I would even dare say that this is probably one of the most under rated indie games on steam. However, I would also say that this game isn't for everyone. This game's difficulty level is very high, and is pretty much exclusive towards a hardcore audience. Even on easy, you'll die a lot. Scrubs will get kicked in the teeth here.The controls, once you get to learn them, are very fluid. The gameplay is great and the music is very reminiscient of super metroid. As you climb the tower, you have to carefully manage your resources, and sometimes even make quick decisions on the fly. This can be both a good and a bad thing. The good, being that it teaches you to ""git gud"" over time, and the bad, being that you can't pause the game and oftentimes leads you to your death because you cant react quick enough.Ok....you can't pause. I know, I kind of got turned off by it too. But each floor is usually very quick, and after beating the level, that's where you're supposed to take your break.  I think the reason why the devs didnt really bother to implement a pause button was to help you improve, but I still think it causes setbacks too, especially when nature calls or you have to answer your telephone, etc. I imagine that having a pause button would actually help the game more than do harm, but that's my opinion.The other two things I think would make this better would be to add a quick save function and achievements. Having a quick save would be extremely helpful with this game for those who have to leave and come back later. Achievements would also be a great addition too, as this is a very challenging game. To get you an idea of how challenging, there are people on steam who have played over 100 hours and still havent beaten it. So trust me when I say that if this game had achievements, it would give a player great accomplishment in getting them all.All things considered, with its flaws, I would give the game an 8.5 out of 10. Without them, I can see the game going to a 9 at least. This a very solid platforming title that would give fans of the genre a lot to offer. If you are up for a solid, brutal platformer, I would recommend this game for sure."
,Recommended,396640,19040799,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,jjoeyay,"This game may not be for everyone, but, for those willing to accept the challenge, it will be a great adventure. This game is extremely difficult, but achieving your goals through resourcefulness and skilled reaction is extremely rewarding. The atmosphere of mystery will keep you driven, to find what lies at the top. These graphics are not just another spin off of the worn out pixel genre. The design is fantastic, it could not be any other way. The soundtrack also does nothing but contribute to the amazing collage of really good stuff. I like games with a certain intriguing element to them, and this one hits the nail on the head. Anybody can play, as long as they brought along some patience. If you get frustrated because you keep pressing the wrong button at the menu screen and accidentally closing it, and that just puts you off so much that you're just not in the mood to play anymore, you may need to work on yourself a little bit before you're ready for this game. People have complained that the controls are very inconvenient and don't make very much sense, trust me, they do, and you'll get the hang of it with some practice. Besides, you can rebind your buttons as much as you like in the options, until you find something that suits you. I use a keyboard rather than a controller, and I can operate with as much precision and skill as anybody. Give it a try, you won't find this game short on playtime, and these developers are worth supporting."
,Recommended,396640,27603947,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AuraPuffs,"Voted for “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Steam Award, and the reason I give it this vote is because this game is criminally underappreciated and 'deserves' an award.  Like a few others, I went into this thinking ""Cool, it's like Spelunky, but you climb. I'll give it a shot.""  I had no idea how wrong I was.It took some time to get adjusted to the new world of vertical ascention, but every time I'd re-enter the tower, I'd climb a few feet higher than the last, with every step of the way being met with a fresh new challenge, and all new traps to keep my confidence in check. It's a pain, but such trials only fueled my determination to keep making my way towards the top.  It didn't take long before I knew I was hooked.  I had to know what was up there.My whole climb was filled with thoughts of what mystery awaited me at the top.  An amazing treasure?  A ferocious guardian?  Every foot higher that I climb pushed me harder to keep going, but I was not prepared for what awaited me at the top.It's uncommon for a game to completely catch me by surprise and leave me stunned, but making it to the top only made me realize that there was much, much more to this tower than meets the eye. And honestly, what I found at the top was exactly what I wanted to see the most.. but it's something you'll have to discover for yourself.If you're a tough customer who's ready for some true challenge, then get your gear ready because I cannot recommend this game enough. It's gameplay, atmospheric soundtrack, controls, and challenge are all in perfect sync with one another to create a truly unique and solid experience that towers above other roguelikes.  It's tough as nails and unforgiving from the moment you enter the tower, but I wouldn't have it any other way than to earn the rewards waiting at the top.It's clear how much love and work went into making this adventure, and I can say that this is a true Indie gem that's not only in need of some serious spotlight, but deserves an award for how much this game has to offer.. and I thought it was cool before it got one."
,Recommended,396640,22389827,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,chase,"I've been following towerclimb's development since I was 15. Now I'm 20.TowerClimb is a very unique game. It's probably the best kept secret on steam right now actually. It never holds your hand, and every foot gained is a foot earned.It's more of a personal thing with me though. Everytime I play I experience something different. Something exciting. Something heartbreaking. You learn about life with every decision you make. You get better and climb higher.I've read many reviews and heard from many people that this game's controls are too difficult. They've added default controls for xbox controllers and you have a tutorial that teaches you everything you need to know, But there's always so much more to discover. I think if the controls are what hold you back, what doesn't in your life?Death snapshots are a great way to casually laugh off your failures as well. They snap a photo right as you die and you can look through all your photos and see how you messed up. Or You can just make fun of Henry for being killed by a tumblin' stumblin' rat.Towerclimb is more of an experience than a game. Something I can't say about many others.The music is something incredible as well.. So charming and fits right in with every new discovery.It was my favorite game 5 years before I ever played it.10/10"
,Recommended,396640,18154565,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"This game is just like actual rock climbing, right up to and including the hornets, feral dogs, and giant man eating maggots.It took nearly as long to be released as it will take the average person to complete it."
76561198061156519,Recommended,396640,21328519,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kawscheck,"Really fun game, great artstyle, challenging levels; I hope that if anyone is thinking about buying this game, they should definatly buy it."
76561197973490601,Recommended,396640,18348182,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,mortin,"I picked up this game hoping for something to entertain me over the weekend and got something to entertain me for months at least. Really awesome game definitely made with alot of care and attention to detail. Really fun whilst maintaining a extreme level of challenge. Im only less than half way through and ive logged 34 hours already. Definitely recommend it for those who like games similar to spelunky, very challenging but extremely satisfying to execute well. art style and music are both also amazing. i give it a 10/10 easy. would go up to 15 if it made any difference."
,Recommended,396640,18208242,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This game is seriously awesome.Even though it has a few rough edges as far as controller support is a bit dodgy and screen resolutions need work, it gets a total thumbs-up from me.If you likeSpelunky, you will certainly like this. In my opinion, it takes all the best parts ofSpelunkyand scraps the rest - namely the ghost that rushes you through every level.Plus it supports up to four player local co-op.Pros:+Great pixel graphics, and overall ambience. I mean the mood and sounds are just really well done.+No hand holding what-so-ever, and knowledge is certainly rewarded.+Really addicting - 'just one more run' kind of thing.+It is not super fast gameplay - you take your time, generally, and solve levels like a puzzle and manage your resources.+There is alot of game here.There are 2 chapters, and after you complete chapter 1 (20 floors), you can always start at chapter 2. From what I read, completing chapter 1 is many, many hours of invested gameplay.Cons:-Controller support needs some work. XBox360 wireless works, but often needs to be rebound and the digital pad does not work right.-Graphics options are bad - it needs to make use of the whole screen better.-Price seems high, but its worth itI am in love with this title. I actually think I like it more thanSpelunky, which I feel bad saying."
,Recommended,396640,27765172,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Grumple Stumpkin,"Towerclimb is a hardcore rogue-like platformer. I do not recommend this game for you if you haven't played something like it before. It is seriously hard, and there is only 1 checkpoint halfway through the main game.With that said, onto the review.This game can be compared to Spelunky, where instead of climbing down, you're climbing up. This game is slower paced and less about reflexes, and more about planning the best path to take and using your resources wisely. Despite the levels being randomly generated, situations where you are forced to lose some of your items to get through a level are rare if you are careful with how you use them.It might take a while to get used to how the game plays, but once you master the controls, it feels satisfying to pull off tricks that you discover as you play. It may not look like it from the store page, but there is quite a lot of stuff in this game. It starts to really get interesting once you get halfway through the game. You will be exited to climb higher and see what lies ahead.If you loved Spelunky, you will probably love this game as well."
76561198028113055,Recommended,396640,30646420,Posted: 20 March,all,eld-viper,"So....28 hours in..... I've lost track of my death count....Ever think platformers were too easy??  Think you are too hardcore for a platformer??  This game will open your eyes!Towerclimb is a brutal platformer that will punish most small mistakes with death.  That ever present threat of immenant death makes the game really epic and enjoyable.  You can purchase revive potions from shopkeeps to help offset the 'one slip and dead' situation.  The controls are very responsive - and 99% of your deaths will be YOUR fault. (whether from lack of skill, stupid decisions, not using/rationing items properly, etc.)   The music is fantastic.  Each run will tend to have a unique feel that requires different platforming skills.  The game has VERY impressive level randomization - which adds to the replay value significantly.  I'd say its definitely worth buying/playing 100%Notes - I've played only with an xbox controller and it plays great-  I have a high tolerance for dying a lot and learning my way to victory.  If you're impatient or hate dying, this game is probably not for you, lol.-Patience, Focus, strategy, intelligence, determination, raw skill, twitch reflexes.....all of these things will help you in this game and create a rewarding experience.  Even with all of this going for you...you will still die....a lot....really a lot....-Fairly sure the people that downvoted this game about control issues all gave up after a few hours or didn't play with a gamepad.  The controls admittedly have a learning curve - you have to power through it before you will get very far.I will get to the top.......someday....."
,Recommended,396640,23776324,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Turnip,After a few runs you start realizing how many different scenarios this game can throw your wayand how many of them you have yet to experience.I'm really looking forward to playing this game more!+replayability+unique atmospheres+interesting art style-frame rate felt glitchy at times-caps out at 900p
,Recommended,396640,24289383,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"A charming hand-crafted game that you've never heard of anywhere else, oddly enough.Skill-based mechanics - controls are something to master alone - and strangely addictive gameplay There is a subtlety in controls that one must recognize, appreciate and master. Mastery is the result of testing limits and how things operate, via numerous deaths.Ultra minimalistic pixel art-style with wonderful atmosphere, complimented fantastically by the music and sound design."
,Recommended,396640,20786483,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Shapeshifting Silverware,"Spelunky for people who hate fun - pixellated, gritty and brutal, with no-nonsense movement that's satisfying nonetheless. I love it."
,Recommended,396640,20143632,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Petery Boy,"In many ways, I find this is a game you have to experience. Not because of a heavy reliance on story or art, but because the mechanics of the game and every new thing introduced are just that interesting. Each area you see will kill you in new and interesting ways, and there is just something novel about being utterly destroyed time and time again knowing that you could have done better. This game accomplishes that. Thoroughly. Like, seriously, did you have to make it so that the ledge cling mechanic locks you there specifically when it is inconvenient?Playing towerclimb is like being in a relationship, you'll be up countless nights playing with it. You'll spend countless hours at your job thinking, ""I KNOW I can get to the thirdbasearea"", and you'll spend countless more hours wondering how to do so. You love it yet you want to strangle it. In a romantic kind of way.Just remember: BUY A CONTROLLER. I love the game, I really do, but the controls on keyboard are unsavory. Its probably better for your hands in the long run as well."
,Recommended,396640,27095943,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flatgub,"Spelunky on steroids.Pros:+ Beautiful Visuals+ Incredibly atmosphere and music+ Wonderful challenge+ Easy to pick up, Difficult to masterCons:- Unforgiving"
76561198042105634,Recommended,396640,18152035,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Verdant Rapture,"EDITED 23/9/15This seems like it could be a pretty cool game.  I'm already a big fan of Risk of Rain, Spelunky and Catacomb Kids and this seems to fit right in with the crowd: Skill based, single life, rewards exploration and creativity.  And that's what I pulled out of it in just the first 15 minutes of gameplay!EDIT: All of the issues I was experiencing have been resolved.  A word to the wise, if you've set your monitor to be 3D 100% of the time, you may experience some graphical issues in fullscreen.  Turn off 3D and Fullscreen will work properly."
,Recommended,396640,22485526,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,blazin★cold,"If you're a big fan of roguelikes, TowerClimb is a must-have. I've already sunk 10 hours into this game (as of writing this review) and I didn't even realize it."
76561198055430153,Recommended,396640,20986168,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jack42Z,"I thought it was a simple climbing game, but I was wrong. Oh, so wrong. This game is pretty in asthetic and the music is really engaging. The devs are absolutely amazing and they deserve more publicity for their game. After the first few thousand feet, it just keeps getting better and better, I keep finding cool secrets and new things every time a run starts. I highly recommend it, just NEVER GIVE UP. HIS LIFE LIES IN YOUR HANDS. REAL MEN CLIMB WITHOUT GLOVES."
,Recommended,396640,21354539,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,GonadSteadyBlade,"Tower Climb is a game that brings to mind one word, Endurance. there are 100 floors, ive barely seen beyond twenty, not from lack of trying or skill mind you (ive trudged the long dark road to hell and back in spelunky). the game gives you a world of options, extra jumps, bombs, teleports even revives are at your disposal. and yet it is a test of endurance. every extra jump now, is a time you cannot further up the tower. despite the games unforgiving and ridged style, it is very well designed, ive softlocked less then 3 times in 400+ attempts. and you dont ever get the impression the game is punishing you for having managed to accumulate your supplies.there is also more story then i expected, and the sections ive managed to uncover have left me enthralled with the conquest of this game. their are great and terrible things waiting to happen and be remembered in the tower. and only Endurance willl yield them.9/10"
,Recommended,396640,23808272,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rossmallo,"*DISCLAIMER: Purchased at -40% price during Summer Sale*I know a whole bunch of people will likely be getting this game due to it being on the sales. So, let me just say up front. This is a game that requires a lot from you. And well...I came close to not reaching those requirements. See, the controls are very unusual - They take a LOT of getting used to and they are VERY frustrating to use at first. So frustrating that, for the past half hour of play, I had been seriously considering getting a refund on this - But not due to any real fault of the developer. Any other time, I would have been okay to just eat the paltry £6 cost and put it on my ""to come back to"" pile. But I am currently between jobs, so I do not have the luxury to do that. If I got a game, I told myself, it had to be something I would be happy investing in, so at first, I was close to refunding it.But then I got better at the game.Oh man. This is the sort of game you got back in the day where you intially find it terrible, but because you were a kid and refunds weren't a viable option, you'd keep muscling through, trying to like it...Until eventually you have that breakthrough and end up adoring it.Something clicked with me on my tenth run, and I got all the way up to floor 8. It was exhilirating.I would give this a tentative reccomendation, just...Know what you're getting in for. But if you're the sort of gamer that can deal with wonky controls if it results in a wonderful experience once you're used to it...Go for it. I've made far worse investments on Steam.EDIT: 24 hours of played time later, and I have to say that the game only gets better as time goes on. Everyone thinks I'm an utter lunatic, but I love this game now. I love it so, so much. I will not spoil anything, but...After the halfway point (You'll know when it is), the game just takes a massive, unpredictable turn and goes absoloutly off the wall. Saying any more would spoil the ""WHOAAAAA"" aspect of it that I had, but...It is almost Undertale levels of out-of-nowhere depth and change.And something I forgot to mention before? The music. OH. MY. GOD. Why is it that obscure games tend to have truly incredible soundtracks? This is a prime example, and more people need to hear it. So underrated, but so amazing.Forget that tentative reccomendation - It now has a wholehearted reccomendation from me. But I'll say again. Bring your best. Show no mercy to the Tower, as you will receive none."
76561197981561221,Recommended,396640,18199713,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Golden Lords,"I've been eaten, cut in half, electrocuted, melted...even had my heart explode.  But I can't stop trying to get to the top of this tower.The platforming feels great, and there's a lot of physics based stuff involved that really make the climb interesting.  Of course the ever changing maps and obstacles help make sure every climb is different, and a ton of fun.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,396640,20819128,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sirfluffyfox,Towerclimb is probably one of my favorites from 2015.The game is just as challenging as it is satifiying to complete. The music for this game is amazing along with the awesome pixel work done with the game.This game is a automatic pick up if you like fun but challenging games that satisfy the completionist inside you.
76561198079530646,Recommended,396640,22436014,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Bou,"Read this firstI will start this review by pointing out some core features which can hold you back from enjoying/buying the game.The game is very difficult, has a steep learning curve and involves a lot of skillThe game contains only one checkpoint. It will take probably 30 min to reach the checkpoint and 1.5 hours to beat the game starting from this checkpoint. Total game length is approximately 2 hours.No Save & Exit featureIt has permadeathPixel GraphicsThis is not a rogue-like game but has rogue-like elements, you should buy this game mainly because you like platformers. I Don't recommend buying it if you are looking for a rogue-like game.Controls: Scroll down to the Controls & Physics section for the reason why.Game description and my experienceIn this platformer your goal is to reach the top of the tower. This will be mainly achieved by climbing the side of blocks and wall of the tower. There are 46 floors (excluding many secret floors). The theme of the floors change every 3 floors, like 3 snow covered floors after 3 lava maps etc. The floors are littered with blocks, enemies, items, chests, obstacles and sometimes a witch which will sell you potions and lifes or a crafter which will craft items if you hand over multiple items and a small fee for crafting (check out the wiki for item combinations). Resources help you overcome the tower and on some floors it is a requisite. So gathering resources is an important element in the game. Items can change your character's properties like raising run and climbing speed.On normal difficulty you will carry one extra life which can be refilled at the witch for a few golden berries, which are spread throughout the floors. The layout of the floors is randomized thanks to procedural generation and keeps the replayability high, creating unique situations and is the major reason why I think this the most replayable platformer I have encountered. This also makes sure the game involves a lot of skill and takes away being good at the game by memorizing the level unlike many other platformers. You will die a lot in this game not because the game is unfair but more like the slightest misstep often result in death.You need to train yourself to become better and reach higher floors. Persistency is key here. It took me 15 hours to reach the checkpoint and finished the game exactly at the 100 hour mark for a game with a length of 2 hours while I'm familiar with difficult platformers.This game is about improving your runs which will probably happen with baby steps. The game can play with your mental state for example, when you are closing in at the end and aware that every small misstep means that you throw away all your progress can make an ordinary jump look like an extreme hurdle, it suddenly becomes a scary thing. The process up until the moment you die is fun but never frustrating and can be tense. The reason is because this game is fair, there are no cheap shots. If you die it always is due to your own fault. Once you get the hang of the controls and being familiar at what the tower is throwing at you the experience changes from a slight tense to a relaxing one where mastering the game feels almost zen-like.Reaching higher floors feel rewarding especially clearing the game similar as what Dark Souls does. Level design is not only diverse for its graphical appearance but also for its playstyle. Some floors require fast or slow climbing, avoiding certain enemies, let you use more resources or force you to use certain objects. You are not simply playing the game but rather experience it. Conquering the tower feels like completing an epic journey.Controls & PhysicsThe first thing you will notice when starting out is the, what you will think of, weird control layout. There are multiple functions assigned to a button. For example jump and attack shares the same button, so you cannot attack without jumping. This is done because there will be moments where you have to do a combination of different actions within a short timeframe like jumping, catching an item, store this item, dodging an enemy, Scroll through your inventory to take a different weapon and attack the same enemy. It doesn't work if you are playing twister on your controller when using one button for every action. The control scheme does make sense, although this doesn't seem obvious when you first start out, keep this in mind. This point is repeatedly brought forward in negative reviews, people don't seem to understand.The most common things I don't like in general with platform games are lag between controls and the actual movement of the character, the feel if as characters are walking on ice especially when turning around or floaty physics. There are no such things in towerclimb, the controls are responsive, tight and the physics are spot on. You may struggle with the controls due to the layout and it takes a while before getting used to as described above. Another important factor to me is the flow of the gameplay, which is fine in this game, you are always on the move.Small sidenote: Using the left trigger while holding the right one and vice versa on a xbox 360 controller doesn't work. Using them simultaneous is impossible. You can solve it by using the cheap software called Controller Companion on steam. Even if you don't buy this game I highly recommend that piece of software.Graphics, Sound & MusicThe graphics of this game are minimalistic. You can argue that it is a step back from modern gaming but in the end it comes down whether you like the pixel style. I like the pixel style and also see it more as an art style. Despite the minimalistic approach there is a lot attention to detail. When it comes down to sounds there is great diversity although simple. Every item has its own sound when executing an attack, throwing or picking it up. Enemies have different sounds for movement, patrolling, attacking, being attacked etc. A strong point of this game is its great soundtrack. The musics fits the game very well, from ambient eerie sounds, mysterious tunes to dance music. It has characteristic tracks with great diversity. It really helps setting the mood on a floor.Final WordI played a lot of platform games in my life from old school titles like the Mario, Crash Bandicoot and Donkey Kong Country series to modern platformers like N+ and Super Meat Boy, but I have to say this is the best platformer I have played. DKC2 was my favorite one for almost 20 years up till the moment I played towerclimb. It is also the most difficult, replayable and addictive one, a true classic in my book and ridiculously overlooked. A prime example of an indie gem lost in a sea of titles on steam. Or like a reviewer mentioned ''It's probably the best kept secret on steam right now actually''. Worth every penny. One thing that can make this game even better is a level editor, including level sharing via steam workshop. Top of the food chain material."
,Recommended,396640,18156238,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sean Young,"My friends and I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game a couple of years ago. Co-op is really fun. I loved the art style so much that I changed my entire vision for a game that I was working on at the time.That game turned out to be Magicite :DSeriously, great work Devs! Keep up the awesome work.-Sean"
,Recommended,396640,29020459,Posted: 4 January,all,♥❤💓💔💟,"A 2D platformer? How hard can it be? Oh it looks so simplistic. It can't possibly pose any challenge.If you thought this game would be easy then you should hear about boshy.This game will put your skills to the test. If your skills are not up to the test then you better start working on em. You are goint to die a whole lot and it will be painful. However when you do make progress it will be euphoric. The progress might take you weeks, but it's so fulfilling seeing old areas that you can now breeze through.An amazing game if you give it the chance. It will not be easy to overcome, but will be well worth it if you take the time to learn. The community is very accommodating and is willing to tell you anything you want to know. It is a shame so few people know of this game.╔════╗╔╗  ╔╗╔════╗ |╚═╗╔═╝║║  ║║║╔═══╝ |  ║║  ║╚══╝║║╚═══╗ |  ║║  ║╔══╗║║╔═══╝ |  ║║  ║║  ║║║╚═══╗ |  ╚╝  ╚╝  ╚╝╚════╝ |╔════╗╔════╗╔╗╔╗╔╗╔════╗╔═══╗  |╚═╗╔═╝║╔══╗║║║║║║║║╔═══╝║╔═╗╚╗|  ║║  ║║  ║║║║║║║║║╚═══╗║╚═╝╔╝ |  ║║  ║║  ║║║║║║║║║╔═══╝║╔═╗║ |  ║║  ║╚══╝║║╚╝╚╝║║╚═══╗║║ ║╚╗|  ╚╝  ╚════╝╚════╝╚════╝╚╝ ╚═╝|╔════╗╔════╗ ╔════╗╔════╗╔╗    ╔╗     ╔╗|╚═╗╔═╝║╔═══╝ ╚═╗╔═╝║╔══╗║║║    ║║     ║║|  ║║  ║╚═══╗   ║║  ║╚══╝║║║    ║║     ║║|  ║║  ╚═══╗║   ║║  ║╔══╗║║║    ║║     ╚╝|╔═╝╚═╗╔═══╝║   ║║  ║║  ║║║╚═══╗║╚═══╗ ╔╗|╚════╝╚════╝   ╚╝  ╚╝  ╚╝╚════╝╚════╝ ╚╝"
,Recommended,396640,24415259,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,FlameDecepter,"This Game is amazing if your looking for a challenging game, It has very good aspects to it. I love climbing and the fact that you can climb across the ceiling. This game is difficult but most of the bad reviews are from people who dont want to try."
,Recommended,396640,31940375,Posted: 24 May,all,Sbirdwell,i'm really looking forward to next year when i beat it
,Recommended,396640,24005331,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jeffotron,"This game is unlike any roguelike I've ever played.  Its art style is very good-looking, in my opinion, and its mechanics are unlike any other game.  And the levels have a near-infinite amount of variety.  Every roguelike uses this as a selling point, but there are really no similar runs in this game.  And the sheer amount of secrets still leaves me in the dark about a lot of the game, which is incredible.  In most games, I'd have found most of the secrets already, but the game has so many things to do, I'm pretty sure I have a lot more to do than beat the game.  And I'm excited to find out what creative ways the game has to destroy me."
,Recommended,396640,25720071,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Soow2,"♥♥♥♥ wrote this long♥♥♥♥♥review and accidently exited out at one point il get to the point. Recently beat the game its really good.This game isnt hard like other ""hard"" platformers, almost all deaths in the game are your own fault. The game is designed so well to be difficult without being unfair.Revive potion system makes it so you get 1 to 2 chances depending on difficulty to die before you fully die and you can refill your potions every floor if you can find the shop.People who enjoy survival games will probably enjoy this because if you're bad at execution like me you can make up for it by being resourceful at climbing.Music is really good and does not dissapoint an audiophile like me.Graphics are better with depixleize offIf you dont have an iron will to keep climbing for 70 hours the new easy mode makes it less punishing if you die without reducing the difficulty of the climb itself."
76561198193713878,Recommended,396640,31070964,Posted: 10 April,all,Zjwghg,"This game, in three words, is: hard, unforgiving, and addicting.So many things can end even the best of runs, but no matter what, it would always be your fault because one misstep and its all over.dont even consider this game if you like easy games.  This is not one of those.you will put a huge amount of time and frustration into this if you want to be good at this game.  but once you do, it is so, so worth it"
76561198203014600,Recommended,396640,23810530,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Twuster the Twuster the Twuster,"It's merciless.I died to hounds, rats, fall damage, lava, rising lava, bad generation, lava droplets, fish, jellyfish, spikes, airborne spikes, beetles that evolved from flopping fetus coccoons fall damage, berry overdose, and was carried away by bats, with adrenaline coursing through my veins seconds after.10/11.11/12.Those probably aren't the same value.Screw it.It's fun,It's painful,I'm probably not a reliable source then."
76561198029358523,Recommended,396640,20903215,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Blackenblood,"A masterpiece in terms of both gameplay and visuals, Towerclimb boasts near perfection in its level design and plaformer mechanics. Every run feels like an unique experience due to the procedural generation and the unforgettable original soundtrack. Although it is unforgiving, this difficulty is what gives the atmosphere a constant intensity, everything that can kill you, will if you arent as careful and resourceful as you can be. But, if you can muster the courage to climb, youll find an experience like no other."
,Recommended,396640,26720412,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,「G R O O S E」,IT TOOK ME 90 HOURS TO BEAT THIS GAME♥♥♥♥ YOU ZARDO YOU GIANT SENILE TRASH HEAPbuy this game for the enjoyment of learning to hate and then killing zardoand the soundtrack is nice
,Recommended,396640,24240003,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,T_Man1213,"Before purchasing, I read reviews and knew what I was getting myself into. The controls are, in fact, not the easiest to master, BUT I loved that you can change it! After messing with the controls trying to find the right combination of keys to press, I finally found a solution! :D Now that that's over with, the game itself is very challenging! Every attempt is different from the last, and I love that so much about this game. One attempt, you may have to dodge beetles (those frustrating beetles!), the next you may be outrunning the overflowing lava! Multiplayer is easy to set up, and I enjoyed playing with others in the house!I do hope for future updates, even something as simple as achievements, such as for each death, and so when the time comes that I finally climb the entire tower, I will have something to show off to my friends! :D"
,Recommended,396640,25170203,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Above,"I'm not sure how to endorse this game. It does everything it could possibly do right, but putting it into words, or even screenshots cannot do this game justice. Not only that, but the learning curve is steep. To a point I'd suggest you watch some streams and YouTube videos on the game before deciding you want to get it. If you like your platformers mechanically well constructed, complex, and punishing but fair, then this is one for you. The perfect game to get into after you've had your fill of Spelunky and want something meatier."
,Recommended,396640,29570385,Posted: 29 January,all,Celtica,"So, after playing the game for about 20 hours I decided to give this game a short review; ""Darksouls in platforming form"". Since then, that was my review for a long time. However, I've decided to give this game a more in depth and fair review after almost 50 hours in.You will die. There is no exception to this. After every death, you get a death card, and then you start over from the bottom. You have no healthbar; one mistake and your dead. Luckily the game provided revives to help you along the way, but they won't be of any use if you aren't careful. When I first started playing the game, I only thought of it as your typical hard-as-hell rougelike. But every time I died, I went straight back to climbing. You will gradually get better, and the progress is easy to see. Overtime the game has gotten to me. The music is wonderfull, unique, and suprisinly fits each area very well. Along with that, each area has new elements to it that add to the unique challenge each area provides as you climb with the few resources the game provides you. On that note, it is vital that you must utilize everything the game gives you to be succesful. A blast berry you didnt pick up might have you wasting a resource later on, or those golden berries you missed might have become the revive potion you so desperately needed.Something so simple as climbing a tower has provided more entertainment and rewarding gameplay then some games do over their lifetime. I can say this game isn't for everyone, but to those who purchase it in hopes for a great platformer, have fun, and never give up"
,Recommended,396640,29575730,Posted: 29 January,all,[₪] Canadian Jesus,"Tl;Dr - Great game, buy it and don't let the godawful tutorial make you consider a refund. Get 1-2 real climbs in and you'll see. It's incredible 10/10.Bought Catacomb Kids and it ran like garbage on my machine so used the refund to get Towerclimb. It had been on my wishlist for a long time and every time I would go through to thin the herd a bit the trailer would always get me excited and it would survive the thinning. Finally I bought it. Now, my first impression was actually not so great. The tutorial level is pretty brutal and I felt the controls were very slow and clunky at first. I even considered refunding it. Boy am I glad I didn't. I made a few climbs and it did not take long for me to realize just what a great purchase this was. This game is incredible fun and addictive. Just when I think I""m getting a good strategy the game throws a new challenge at me. The diversity of levels and orientations and obstacles is staggering and once you get a grip on how the game controls it no longer feels clunky. It feels very tight and polished. Currently one of my favorite games, and a lot of my other games are getting neglected for Towerclimb and likely will for quite a while. Buy it, even at full price I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,396640,21418474,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Salty Steven,"Quite possibly one of my favorite games of all time. It's also possibly the most difficult game i've ever played, and i've played some damn hard platformers (IWBTG series). Great soundtrack, great level design, great bosses and great, well, everything make this game a must have for lovers of roguelite platformers."
,Recommended,396640,23196020,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Teh Joos,Never have i played such a good game.Go ♥♥♥♥in buy it now.
,Recommended,396640,20662775,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,CzarSquid,"I didn't hear about TowerClimb until recently. I wasn't sure if I was going to like it at first. Seem very brutal with only 1 extra life (2 with easy mode). However as I watched others play it I knew I had to get this game.It's intense.Once you know how the control works it becomes an incredible journey. You are a man/woman. You want to climb the tower. You are weak but you are resourceful. You never felt so impowered and powerless at the same time. You feel the clinging to the rock as if your life depends on it. There is jumps that you will question because you won't be sure if the distance is close enough to make it. You will be put in situations that may force you to use an item because it's the differnce between life and death. Often death will come A lot. The controls are tight, the music fits perfectly, and I like the art (pixelated, not the weird filter seen in the trailer).It's a good game. Strongly recommend it if you enjoy Spelunky or other roguelike/lite games.Last, there is a log of all the deaths you encounter with a kill screenshot for each one. It's really cool to see your progress on an interactive graph. If you ever feel discouraged playing this game, take a look at the graph and you can see yourself get better as you play. I still die on lower floors but it makes me want to climb higher.EDIT: After completing the first section of the game I was pleasantly surprised at the additional content that is available. This game, in theory, has a ton of replay value. There is a challenging game mode aside from the main story that takes everything you learn from the main game and mismatches it all. The result is a 'hard mode' that will really push your skills beyond the limits. Don't be decived, this game really has a ton of content"
,Recommended,396640,25070684,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,potato testicle,"i dont even know where to start with this game. oh wait, actually i do, i just beat this game :D! anyway every aspect of it is amazing, from th beautiful soundtrack to the variety of enemies and levels. the controls are surprisingly good, which is a nice change as most indie games have controls designed for squids. the difficulty, while quite challenging, is always fair, so you don't die from stupid or unfair things. it also has great replay value, as it is fun every time you play. this game is pretty much perfection, and it deserves way more than a mere 7000 copies sold. i actually can't think of a single downside to this game, definetly 10/10. stop reading these reviews and get this game."
,Recommended,396640,30597010,Posted: 18 March,all,shmoo,"If I have any minor quibbles I would say the game could use a dedicated exit button from the main menu, and it would be nice to have individual volume sliders for sound and music. That aside, this is an incredibly polished game with a great soundtrack and charming visual style.The game mechanics are constantly evolving so just as you get good at one set of challenges, you have to adapt to a whole new set of challenges. It's a very rewarding system that keeps you coming back in the hopes of climbing those few extra feet. There is enough gameplay and variability here for well over 100 hours and that is a real achievement. Most importantly, the game is a joy to play. Playing local co-op and sharing the sense of discovery with my brother was great and I thank the developers."
,Recommended,396640,32111474,Posted: 1 June,all,Yobby,"This is the single most engaging, immersive, and atmospheric platforming experience I've had since Super Metroid. The controls are incredibly customizable and intuitive. The sound design is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The pixels don't betray their grid. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.10/10I suggest playing with an analog controller."
,Recommended,396640,20710559,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,[mangoshi],"Bloody brilliant!If you love roguelikes, challenging platformers, games with good sountracks and a draw-you-in atmosphere or vibe then GET THIS NOW. It's well worth the €15 and I've only been playing it 3 hours. From what I've read there's a lot more to this game than what I've touched!Why do I love this game? It's like Spelunky but reversed, looks less polished but feels far more intricate, and detailed. The way you go about a level varies a lot more than Spelunky does, and when you die over and over like you will, it doesn't get boring! It stays as fun every try. You will die a lot, and you will die most of the time by making stupid mistakes. But that's what makes it fun! It's brutally difficult.Graphics style: 10/10Music: 10/10Atmoshpere: 10/10Replayability: 10/10Difficulty: yep, you guessed it: 11/10"
,Recommended,396640,25533139,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,NegativeBread,"TowerCilmb may not be very widely known, but that doesn't mean in any way that it isn't one of the best games I've played all year. This game is very good at remaining difficult throughout your journey, and it's very likely that you will die upon stepping foot in a new area (or an old area!).Without spoiling anything, I must say that TowerClimb is extremely cpativating and interesting, leading to an amazing experience. There is a wide range of items and enemies, and even a few unique bosses. There are 4 game modes, all of which drastically change the way you play and keep you on your toes. In addition to the game, the community is super nice. Overall, I rate the game 10/10."
76561198074921694,Recommended,396640,27015664,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Masterchiefan,"This is one of those games you don't see often. Where not only does it have an amazing soundtrack and visuals, but also some very fun gameplay but being so under the radar it's incredible how a game this good can be so unnoticed.+ Pros-Music is some of the best I've heard in any game.-The gameplay is relatively simple yet fun.-Unique amongst platformers and rogue-likes.-Plethora of secrets hidden away in the game that will give you hours os searching.-Fun and difficult hidden challenge mode.Legendary Fragment Run-Amazing visuals-Very fun and unique levels-Some pretty funny secrets that are guaranteed a laugh.-Amazing job on atmosphere. (game gets so much better than it already is as you ascend the tower.)-Fun and intimidating villains-Hours of gameplay~ Neutral(basically, what can be called good or bad depending on your preference.)-Hard (there is a difficulty setting for this game that is good for beginners of the game. And it's not Dark Souls or Battle Toads level of hair-pulling, but is definitely a challenge.)-Lack of story (there is a story, but it is not much of importance for this game and isn't the focus of the game. That goes for characters too. There IS a story that you can piece together but, like I said, it's not really the focus of the game.)- Cons-Controls are slightly finicky (sometimes the controls can be unresponsive)This game is amazing and it still surprises me that it is made by just two people, with one or both I believe still being in college. The devs are very friendly and listen to the fans about what to add. It's also currently on sale for $8 which is a great time to buy for this game when it's worth a lot more."
76561197995113878,Recommended,396640,24218983,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Javapool,"This game is amazing. It feels like an inverse spelunky where you try to go up instead of down, with all the added challenges. The co-op truely feels like a cooperative experience where every player has the opportunity to help his friends and nobody feels like a limited sidekick. It is totally worth the minuscule pricetag.Also, watch out for the many surprises the path of exiles brings."
76561198190375506,Recommended,396640,25564510,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,jleanse23,"There's a lot to love about TowerClimb.Every time I play, I feel as if I'm controlling a brave human being with opinons, a family who loves them, an identity, opinions of his or her own, and complete obedience, so when I accidentally jump into a spinning fan blade I feel as if I've foolishly wasted someone's life. Most games just churn out the same protagonist over and over. Despite a simple procedural trick, I feel much more involved with the characters and their elation when we find a pair of climbing gloves, and their fear when they fall from an almost-fatal height.TowerClimb's visual style is a combination of dynamic lighting and crunchy pixels, and it's beautiful. The character animations are expressive, especially when the avatar pushes against a block or wall. That specific animation almost looks rotoscoped. I can imagine a backstory where the Climbers don their ceremonial one-color climbing suit. The color changes for every climber, so it feels like each avatar has a unique identity.The controls don't make sense at first, but perservere and they become natural.The gameplay is tight, hard but mostly fair, though the giant worm miniboss is a bit OP. Even touching its abdomen is fatal, and I think that makes it really to escape it when one is cornered.There are lots of secrets and side-quests, so the replay value is high, though I haven't beaten the main quest yet I can imagine playing through multiple times to explore the secrets.The music is great, and very evocative of each level's theme. The music in panic levels, like when the lava rises or the worm chases you, is pretty good at getting novice players to crack under stress and die, which is always entertaining. It takes some concentration to tune it out, but it's doable.There's substantial support and hints on the wiki, so novice players such as myself can pick up a lot of the knowledge required for a successful run, but don't be fooled, this game is very skill-based. The game includes a playthrough log, so I can clearly see that I'm getting progressively better.I'm glad it's not item-based, and I'm glad that nothing carries over from my previous runs. The game is very well balanced, and you will become a better Climber with experience. Good luck!I really enjoy TowerClimb, and I think I'll play it for a long time."
76561198077428205,Recommended,396640,21976868,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ganandalf,"This game is absolutely addictive. It has a pace that I find perfect for either playing on it's own, or playing with a podcast on  in the background. Everybody should give it a shot."
,Recommended,396640,21717802,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,The Mauve Avenger,"If it's on sale, definitely worth the price.  A neat and addicting rogue-like game.  The core principles and premise are pretty straightforward, but there are a lot of little bonuses and such to explore."
76561198079638062,Recommended,396640,31535645,Posted: 3 May,all,PyroL,"I think it's about time I give this game a review.Short version: like hard games? Buy this game! NOW! IT'S WAY MORE THAN WORTH IT!Slightly less short version: TowerClimb is an amazing game drawing inspiration from Spelunky, but flipped upside down. Just like Spelunky, the various zones are super different and creative, and each new zone takes some clever thinking, maneuvering, and of course, learning. Though the controls may seem janky at first, with a bit of practice (seriously like only at 5 hours in) they feel more intuitive than Spelunky. Also, the pixel art is beautiful and the soundtrack is incredible.Chapter 2 is devious... wish me luck! :)"
76561198025331540,Recommended,396640,18330376,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SneakyTT,"I've been playing this game for over three years, and I'm so happy to see it finally available on Steam. It's a fantastic roguelike platformer that really has that something extra that always brings me back to it.It actually reminds of playing the original Rogue back in college in 1985 - on a state-of-the-art Epson computer, bright green on black monochrome monitor... with that all-important sense of mystery... the sense that new discoveries are just around the corner... damn hard, near impossible even, but you always get a little farther... always get a little better... TowerCliimb captures that feeling for me better than any other game in the modern era."
,Recommended,396640,22133661,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Knife201,"One of the best platformers i've ever played, even if it's difficult. The main reason i recommend the game is because of the one thing it has that most ither games you see don't: it involves skill much more than RNG, although that doesn't stop any one who has really bad luck, such as myself, who constantly dies from RNGeesus not responding. The game is everything you want from a platformer, and more: mainly so, it's not predictable, you can play through the game for the 100th time and still have a hard time with even the first couple levels. This is also one of the few platformers that is an actual challenge (excluding the ""unfair"" games, but they are just trolls), as in everything you see on your screen likely will one-shot you before you get a full idea of how to not get one-shotted. Also, since you read this far here is a link to a developer-made runthrough of the game, to give you the full idea of it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0"
76561197995542475,Recommended,396640,18166719,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Shin,Really awesome game. It's very hard and I love it! It's different everytime and it's incredibly fun!It's definitely worth buying if you like difficult roguelikes and platformers like Spelunky.
,Recommended,396640,20990050,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheBloodOwl,"Too lazy to type a legitimate review, good game."
,Recommended,396640,18607912,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Easy_Dougie,"I haven't beaten the game yet, and I imagine it will take me a while. That's a good thing, Towerclimb rewards patience and you gradually get better, no feeling like seeing your climb record beaten, so yeah, if you like platformers with tight controls and roguelikes, this comes heavily recommended."
,Recommended,396640,24031272,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Hecka-Mecca,"I love a great challenge and this game provided it. Easily one of the best platformers I have ever played. The controls are tight and unique, offering you the ability to ditch items in order to achieve extra jumps. The game also features many secrets for you to find."
,Recommended,396640,25118024,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,woke hugo,"For a brief summary of the game:You are a tiny man. You must climb the tower. The tower and its denizens will kill you. Lots.This game is incredibly fun, and infinitely replayable. Levels are randomly generated with each character, and death is permanent (save for limited revive potions you can obtain). The challenge is always new, and always tests your skill.There is so much love and attention to detail packed into the game. The core mechanics and progression are solid, and optional, hidden areas provide plenty of additonal challenge. The community is open and friendly (the devs and players *will* stop by if you stream)In all, this game is fun. With yourself, with friends in co-op, with Zardo chasing after you. If you like platformers and want a challenge, this is the game. (plus, with talks of a level-creator to be released eventually, there's no worry of you ever running out of things to do)"
76561198052264752,Recommended,396640,18245204,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Entity.Prefab,"QuicklyPros:FunChallengingGreat learning curve as a playerUniqueCons:Price Is a little high ( its more a 10-12$ game)Controlls are iffyside notes:Could greatly benefit from a map making option, it has the potential."
76561198079833112,Recommended,396640,18206922,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,SlutSlayer,"incredible soundtrack , intense, challenging gamplay, upwards Spelunky. game could use some polish in a patch or two But aside from that , Towerclimb is a total gem that should not be overlooked."
,Recommended,396640,18379948,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Eggbert,"An excellent roguelike platformer that positively oozes atmosphere. Difficulty curve is just right for the game type, but would advise using a controller instead of keyboard if you've got one. Also has an excellent soundtrack that brings to mind some absolute gems from the SNES, particularly Super Metroid and Chrono Trigger."
,Recommended,396640,19218488,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Jacq,"This game is one of instant nostalgia, One that You have to learn the controls for , but once you get the hang of it its amazing, the challenge, and especially the music make this an amazing game to enjoy!"
,Recommended,396640,18466045,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mahkeil,"Super hard, super fun.I love learning every in and out of the game. What kills what, what's useful, what's worth risking your neck for.I get slightly further each play through and learn something new each time.EVERY CHOICE HAS RISK! YOU WILL HAVE TO LEARN TO BOTH TAKE YOUR TIME AND BE QUICK AT THE SAME TIME IF YOU WANT TO SURVIVE!I love the music, the style and the cards for each type of death, as well the fact that the cards tell you just what percentage of the time that specific event killed you.Store as many items as you can! (press 'W' to check your inventory, hold 'shift' to carry items and press 'C' to store the item you are holding. 'Ctrl' and 'Space' to switch through the items you have)Be sure footed, be cautious and F#&K YOU ITEM STEALING WIZARD!"
,Recommended,396640,29344132,Posted: 18 January,all,Babycakes,"Fantastic game with enough content to last you ages! This is the best platformer roguelike you can get (next to Spelunky) and the amount of content is deceptively huge. With a bit of a learning curve at first (such as the holding mechanic and the storage management), this game is initially brutal. I myself died in the first six seconds of my first run.That said, it is absolutely worth it and gives a feeling of thrill similar to Shadow of the Colossus when you are climbing around and making leaps of faith. SERIOUSLY BUY THIS, EVEN AT FULL PRICE."
,Recommended,396640,25190420,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tokiw,"SummaryTowerClimb is a game in which, oddly enough, you climb a tower.  It is very difficult, and every death comes as a learning experience. There are tonnes of nuances and tricks that you learn as you play to improve your speed and efficiency, and figuring new ones out is always satisfying.  Compared to other games in this genre, Towerclimb plays much slower, and many players actually dislike that weapons aren't something you get to use very frequently. There also isn't any form of unlock system found in other roguelite games where even if you die you're still making progress.  Despite this, TowerClimb is perfect for those who don't mind starting from square one at every death, and love learning from their mistakes.===========================Pros:===========================-Extremely difficult (for those who enjoy that sort of thing)-Very few deaths feel ""unfair"", and even the ones that are unfair are still a learning experience-Excelent sound track-Photos of all of your deaths get listed on a handy-dandy chart so you can view your progress and possibly see where your mistakes have been made-The wiki isn't very expansive. This is a good thing, as finding things out on your own is just so much better.===========================Cons:===========================-Extremely difficult (for those who don't enjoy that sort of thing)-Some runs can take upwards of an hour , so if you don't have much time to spend on this game you might not like it-The main mode as a ""side quest"" that is heavily dependant on RNG being in your favor-------------------------------------TL;DR:It's a wonderful game. Very tough, but with many different nuances and tricks, you can learn to master the tower. After all, every death is a learning experience.Nominated for the award ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award"".  A relatively unknown title, and that makes me really sad."
,Recommended,396640,25380775,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Rincething,"Towerclimb is like reverse spelunky, only with no HP, and unique mechanics.Should you pick this game up, keep in mind that you will die very often.This is no walk in the park, even if you make it passedexcruciating heat, the moment you ascend to a new level, you will die from unfamiliaritiessuch as wizard muggingsAt the time of writing this review, I haven't beaten the game yet. I've died so many times on the same levels, over and over, thanks to my own clumsy dexterity, and my stupidityand wizards.My only minor gripe is that there isn't a way to pause the game, and sometimes steam notifications get in the way of everything depending on my settings.I highly recommend you pick this game up. It is exactly what it says it is; ""Difficult but rewarding""."
76561198110656838,Recommended,396640,25878225,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Nyuckajay,"There is an undeniable magic in this game,i feel like everytime i've lost it was 100% due to poor decisions on my part. It is fair and really difficult. I've managed to make it 3000ft and every floor is a fight. This game should be up there with the other heavy hitting roguelikes, and i usually hate platformers, somehow this game makes the 2d platformer great again, as if you went back and played super mario for the first time again."
,Recommended,396640,28769775,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,harlequin,"Platforming is on point, as are the visuals and soundtrack. It's been a while since I've played a platforming game with controls as cohesive as TowerClimb."
,Recommended,396640,18862165,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Nefos,"This game has been in development for over 5 years now and I really really regret not being a part of the ride. The amount of love and hard work added to this game is astonishing. The gameplay mechanics are very detailed when climbing through  the procedurally generated towers. The coolest example is when you get a blast berry (bomb essentially) you throw it at some spikes on the ground they literally break into 5 shards you can use as a throwable weapon. Also, the enemies are quite interesting anf bursting with personality when facing them. Although the pixel art can be somewhat overdone nowadays it does have it's own style and flair with it's interesting colors. And I cannot forget when climbing these mountains you literally have this sense of urgency to NOT look down.. I literally felt like I was on top of a mountain and was about to fall off of it and funny how it's just a simple 2D game. This game is truly a masterpiece and needs more love than it currently deserves. Only thing I ask for is daily runs or something this is a very addicting game and probably better than Spelunky in some ways. I recommend this as a buy if you're an indie game enthusiast."
,Recommended,396640,33775942,Posted: 24 July,all,row,"This game contains so much content for a seemingly linear platformer.Let me start by saying this game is very challenging, between getting a comfortable feel for the game's really unique platform mechanics (such as using a thrown item to give extra jump height), and the mysterious creatures and events that you will encounter on your way to the top.However, if you want a game that will drive your sense of discovery, and has the right difficulty curve to match your ever-growing skills, this game is a steal. It doesn't take long to get familiar with the controls, and they'll improve over time if you just explore what is possible from other players who have videos. I've been playing a lot of the bonus game modes that you unlock by simply playing the main game, and it's remarkable how much there is to explore in the main story, and with all the things you unlock from playing the main story.Long story short, the music is great and original, the mechanics are unique and fun once you discover all the items that can be found, and you will get your money's worth. I've made 20 hours of playtime account for 1 dollar spent on this game when writing this, and the return on investment will only continue to grow since reading this."
,Recommended,396640,26877690,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Santar,A brilliant platformer.Tower Climb is a truly excellent 2d platformer with tight controls. It just feels good to move and jump around in the game. It's also hard in a fair and satisfying way and you never feel it's anybody but your own fault when you mess up and die.The game has randomly generated levels so each time tou play the challenge is fresh.Absoolutely a hidden gem and right up there with spelunky in my book.Recommended for fans of great platform games!
,Recommended,396640,28852703,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rowboatsalot,good game for tower fans
76561197990588722,Recommended,396640,18225459,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Koba the Dread,"If you like permadeath games, you need to give this game a try. An HONEST try. You will probably feel a little turned off in the first hour or so since it takes awhile to get used to the controls, but trust me, this game is awesome.I was skeptical when I purchased this game, but I'm extremely glad I did. There's so much content, and it's absolutely brutal. The theme seems to change every three floors, and there's A LOT of floors.The only downside I know of is that currently, some controllers are a bit wonky when binding the Dpad for movement.Anyway, buy this."
,Recommended,396640,18347670,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Anti,This game is the best just buy it.
,Recommended,396640,29090460,Posted: 7 January,all,Brainsteven,it's about lovin' the snes style and never giving into these cockamamie one player AAA titles with 2 and a half hours of quick time events and god awful storylines
,Recommended,396640,18166861,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,sweetjer,"Purchased after the RPS feature. Something about this reminds me of the magic of a game like Teleglitch because: it builds huge atmosphere from a modest conceit; its simplicity belies its depth; you're in a constant state of panic because twitch controls + resource management; and it's stupidly hard. It's the Teleglitch of Spelunky-likes. And it's good. And its existence made it so I could type that awesome phrase: ""the Teleglitch of Spelunky-likes."" Just say that out loud, ugh."
,Recommended,396640,19383073,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheBowWowers,"This game is a real gem hidden amongst the crowd and im glad i've found it.The premise of the game is simple: Your character, through some sort of sheer bravery, lust for death or perhaps morbid curiosity, decides to enter a tower full of monsters, traps and random layouts to climb to the top (Cause why the hell not?).There's really nothing else to the game. Im serious! That'sliterallyall this game is about! The experience whilst climbing the tower however is unbelievably satisfying and I have to admit i never though i'd see myself replaying this game again.The game is kept extremely simple. Simple controls, simple UI (I think all there is is that menu on the left that displays your current inventory, items etc) simple shop/npc system (All ive seen so far is some guy asking for stuff and a witch selling you potions/items) and simple goal (Get to the top). In fact, there really is no reason to look at a wiki or guide for this game since everything is so simple to figure out (Or that could just be me).I think one thing the game does very well is making everything your own doing. I dont know how to put it. If you fall to your death/get mauled by a dog/burn in lava/ dismembered by a trap/ punctured by spikes and all sorts of other things, itsentirely your fault. In retrospect, it is a really does feel like an achievement when you actually do make it out past a level without dying. Very little is left to chances and alot of it is to do with skill. That's something i found enjoyable.In terms of content however, im not exactly sure. Im not one to look into wikis and guides cause in my extreme minority opinion, looking at a guide or wiki destroys a very large part of playing the game (Figuring out stuff!). With that said, ive only seen very few items variety, 2 special level events (Lava and a worm thing), about 4 to 5 different map biome/layout/type, 2 NPCs and 1 special door (Path of exiles shortcut). I dont know if this was planned to make the game remain as simple as possible or not but it's very likely that im still missing out on a ton of content such as secrets and future levels (I believe I've only made it up until 2.5k feet).I guess the best way to make a comparison for this game is to say it's upward spelunky with less content andmore tearsmore skill. Either ways, im pretty sure this game is worth the 30RM/10$ i paid for it. At least im pretty darn sure it's better spent on them thenSOMEother games..."
,Recommended,396640,24954364,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Bass to Mouth,"Although quite unforgiving, and with a bit of a learning curve, this is my go-to game to kill some time. You will die a lot, but you'll get better and go further with each play."
,Recommended,396640,28766886,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,inkh,"The genius in TowerClimb is in that it is unapologetic-ally itself.It never tries to be anything else.It never asks you to uncover it's secrets.It never tries to sell itself.What TowerClimb offers is an insight into yourself.But it's secrets are never advertised for you to take, and for the most part can go completely ignored.Don't think of this game like a "" difficult game "" there are millions of challenge platformers out there that trump TowerClimb for most difficult.None of those games can push your will and determination as TowerClimb can.~ 14306 ft : Conquered the Tower"
,Recommended,396640,18378442,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Village Idiot,Its difficult and obscure but fun
,Recommended,396640,18995828,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Vios,"Absolutely worth all the money, at first I thought ""What, only 2 chapters? It's gonna be too short"". I was mistaken.Hard as hell, love the soundtrack, love the permadeath, love the items, just rebind the controls ffs.10/10"
,Recommended,396640,24175868,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,HolyHeadcrab,"This game REALLY grows on you. Punishingly difficult, but the controls are refined and tight once set and the whole thing is crazy addictive. Graphics are simple but distinct enough, and the music is really nice too. It's incredibly satisfying to clear floors in this game.If you liked Spelunky, you'll love this."
,Recommended,396640,25119788,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Iή₣ε¢Ŧ₤đ,"TowerClimb is a skill-based 2D platformer. This game is a work of art. It's flawless and unforgiving. It can and will make you hate yourself, but it will feel extremely rewarding when you develop the skills you need. Gamepad is a MUST! Good Climbing!"
76561198041535097,Recommended,396640,18208503,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,FatalSleep,"TowerClimb... where to start.TowerClimb is absolutely a fantastic game, great pixel-art (which can be depixelated via settings!) amazing music and it has the most replayability you could possibly get out of a procederally generated world based video game. I originally bought the beta and I've been playing it for a little over one year and I'm still not bored of it.Trying to set my bias aside, here are some pros and cons about TowerClimb:Pros:- Replayability: TowerClimb has probably the most replay value I've seen compared to most dungeon crawlers, rogue-likes and similar games. Every time you play you get different events, you discover to new areas and you die in a variety of fantastic different ways (105 different deaths to be exact).- Aesthetic: There are a lot of pixel-art oriented games out there, especially in the genre of platforming, however TowerClimb does it quite well above and beyond the rest. Using a blend of visual effects and pixel-art you get a wonderfully crafted world with complete consistency.Cons:- Controls: While TowerClimb is great, I am curently at a stand-still with the controls. Even after mapping the controls to a controller--GCN controller in my case--I am still not quite happy with them. Over all you've got probably 12 different keys needed to play, for example: 3 for potions, 3 for inventory, 4 to move(possibly 5 if you re-map jump) along with the run key and item-store key. So the controls can be a bit of a mess a first, but they are re-configurable with up to 25 different profiles, so there isn't too much of a problem once you've finally settled in.My overall score is 9/10. Controls aside, TowerClimb is too fantastic to pass up."
,Recommended,396640,20758298,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Kawaiian Pizza,Very fun and very rewarding.Its simple but challenging and looks awesome!I just wish it had online multiplayer/friend leaderboards. I'd LOVE to see what 25 people climbing would look like lol
76561198055817722,Recommended,396640,24575265,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Tesla the Fox,This game is ART!!
76561198039705597,Recommended,396640,24906307,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Runeword,This game is so unique. It's very hard but not unfair. There is a lot to learn and I've stayed away from reading any guides or wiki info and it has made the game all the more enjoyable. Some day...i might beat this game
,Recommended,396640,25210611,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Diegovz01,"The most awesome, weird and hard roguelike adventure I've ever played!Truly recommended.....................Just buy it!"
76561198298541554,Recommended,396640,32508245,Posted: 17 June,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,Really freaking hard game......
,Recommended,396640,27013487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bormac,A wonderfully sadistic game if you like platformers. It is not so much an exercise in platforming skill as it is in relfexes and resource managment.The game is extremely unforgiving and you can find yourself in an unwinnable situation very easily if you don't manage those resources carefully. But its a challenging game and one I find myself coming back to repeatedly.
,Recommended,396640,21268976,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,WARMUP WARRIOR (SPOOKY EDITION),Great falling simulator
,Not Recommended,396640,31056878,Posted: 10 April,all,Phail Munsta,"Let me try to be a voice of dissent amongst the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this game.Tl;dr This game is good. It may even be amazing. But it is FAR too hardcore to have a broad audience, and for that reason, I must give it a thumbs down. That's the basis for my review at the core, but it's not the only reason. I think you should only buy this game if you are the most dedicated of roguelike players with your own personal high mechanical skill cap and are a junkie for Dark Souls to infinity levels of punishment. If you're not, then there is no world where this game is for you. This is not an Enter the Gungeon, Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, or Don't Starve. Buy it, test it, but don't be afraid to get a refund from Steam and don't let yourself feel like this game ""beat"" you. This game requires religious amounts of dedication to learning its ins and outs along with the most stringent of mechanical prowess to get satisfaction from what you put in.PROSI loved a lot about this game, and I think it does yield a decent return on effort put in (if you can make it that far). That all, however, is not the aim of my review. If you want positives about the game, I suggest looking at the positive reviews. It's got an overall positive rating for a reason. I think that's completely justified, but I can also assume that it doesn't have a very large owner base either.CONSWhat TowerClimb copiously offers in hardcore rogue-like platforming it falls short in virtually every other department.* The pixel art is extremely basic. We're talking like if the Atari took steroids, that's the level of art you're to expect from this game. It's hard to distinguish hazards amongst all the muddy sprites sometimes, and it's just generally not very pretty to look at. Now I know that's a preference thing, but let's be serious about how much the quality of art has evolved in games compared to what's being offered here. There's an option to ""depixelize"" the games which just turns everything into what appears to be blurry, borderless watercolors. Ironically, making it harder to distinguish the multitude of hazards in the game.* The controls, while seemingly tight, are not very intuitive and require some relatively strict mechanical input to operate in frequent high stress situations. There are a lot of instances where you have less than a second to react to several incoming hazards. They're nigh unnavigable when you have to use upwards of 3-5 inputs almost instantenously. On top of that, several of the buttons serve dual functions at the same time, further complicating these highly mechanical maneuvers. To put this in perspective with an Xbox controller, to hold any item in your hand, you HAVE to hold down the X button at all times if you want it to be held in your hands. If you DO let go of the X button, your character will hurl the item away from you. The X button incidentally also must be held down to run. Very similar to Super Mario's control scheme. Then, let's say you're holding a sword, you have to press and hold the A button to swing it (with a delay on the lower tier swords). The A button also controls your jumping. That's 4 inputs plus movement controlling 6 functions all while trying to navigate hazards in the environment. Then combine all of that with the fact that you can only hold one item in your hands at once and every item has different uses, you're having to do an intricate dance with your hands to operate within life or death situations that affect whether or not you have to completely start over. Unfortunatley, the way the controls are designed and how they interact with mechanics are entirely intentional, so readjusting them would require a lot of reworking of some of the game mechanics.* The music is unbearably repetitive. Especially when you'll be spending a good chunk of time going back through the same areas after you die and restart. Now the two big issues with this, 1) There are certain sound cues tied to dangers/events happening around you that fall under ""music"". Not the worst thing and infrequent, but definitely an issue. 2) There isn't an option to turn off the music in the game. That's pretty basic functionality in my opinion. The workaround is to change the name of the ""Music"" folder in the game's directory to something else, but I don't feel like I should ever be required to do something like that for something literally every game has. Normally, this wouldn't really be a problem, because it's a tendency of rogue-likes. How often can you listen to the same music while dying over and over and not find it repetitive? But without integrated functionality to mute it, it's worth noting.* Now this is a HUGE issue for me. I'm talking monumental. There is no way to pause or save the game. I understand it's a roguelike where death and restarting are inevitable, but the sheer length of the ""story"" makes the ability to save a necessity. Even pausing alone would be far better than not being able to at all. I had to leave my computer running with the game playing for 11 hours one night, so I could pick up where I left off in a run.* As for variety, there are a slew of different biomes and hazards/enemies over the course of the game's 50 or so floor run, but each biome is divided into three floors and you'll be rerunning those floors a lot. Now I've put 10 hours into the first 4 biomes alone and I can very confidently tell you that there is not much variety within them. You are always the same guy, albeit with a different name and outfit color. There is hardly any equipment variation. I must have picked up nearly a thousand crates and blast berries at this point. The rarest thing I've found is appropriately and plainly named Golden Greaves. The cool, rare items that do exist are extremely hard to obtain or have a very low chance of coming into play, and they're usually one use items. The same 3-5 enemies/hazards are present in each biome. (Outside of a few random chance environmental hazards. Which I assure you, you don't want to encounter.) There are no unlockables or persistence aspects of any form between runs. The only thing there is to unlock are harder challenges. Which is great if you didn't mind the rough pounding the game gave you the first time around.*SLIGHT SPOILER* there is a slight bit of persistence in the form of one checkpoint halfway through the story. *END SPOILER*OVERALLI respect the two brothers who made this game. They clearly have a passion for niche, hardcore gaming, but that doesn't mean they're infallible nor does it mean that their project is perfect. 5 years is a lot of time to pour into something you care about, and I know critcism is hard to stomach especially with the amount of thought I'm sure you've put into every aspect of the game. Working as a two man unit without all the resources of a bigger company or studio can leave you lacking in certain areas and that's fine. Maybe you two don't want to cater to anything less than the hardcore fanbase, and I respect that, too. But it can and will alienate your game from mainstream titles like the ones mentioned at the start of this review.I've said it already, if you want a PUNISHING, HARDCORE, RAGE-INDUCING rogue-like with TIGHT MECHANICS, then you buy this game right now and you play the everlovingshit out of it, but if you're wary of the purchase, then let this review be a warning to what you'll be stepping into."
38478345638735434,Recommended,396640,18154815,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Nivroc,great game)this will really give you the roguelike feeling you were searching for.P.S. You can skip everything with the jump key
,Recommended,396640,18181097,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Quizzle,"IWBTG + Roguelike platformer. This game is extremely difficult.Check out the video if you are wondering whether or not to buy this game, it features the final (regular) boss and the Basketball boss.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrp5NUEihIs&feature=youtu.bePros:- Great Music- Visually pleasing (flashy)- Strong sense of nervousness-excitement- Very rewarding gameplayCons:- One checkpoint in the entire game.- Must invest a large amount of time to get good/learn how to beat certain areas. (50+ hours at least to even make any progress)- Pixeled items are sometimes hard to see due to graphical issues.Things you should know: There is a list of items and different combinations being discovered and created at this very moment. The community based around this game is actively discovering things about this game everyday. Also you can have 1 revive potion carried at a time, you may carry an additional one after chapter 1."
,Recommended,396640,18196854,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jayjay,"I've been playing this long before it released on Steam and was hooked from the first time I loaded it up.It's a unique adventure every time you spawn, thanks to the procedural/random level generation and events, as well as having some great music and pixel graphics.Most importantly the gameplay is difficult yet fair in that death is often caused by a mistake rather than a glitch or impossible AI ( but remember to manage your inventory of potions and items, or the game gets challenging really quickly! )."
,Recommended,396640,18155923,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bobdul Thundercuck,"After spending a fair amount of time playing this, I am willing to say this is one of the best games I've ever played in my life. The controls take some getting used to, there is no doubt about that. This is beyond just figuring out what keys do what, there is a lot of micromoves that will make you succeed. Towerclimb forces you to use fast reflexes while travelling a quite perlious tower. There are enemies that you encounter, with loads of creative or straightforward ways of killing. Tons of secrets, and more ways to die than I would have thougth possible. The core of this game is the most polished piece of work I've ever seen. However, it does ask the player to experiment and use their brain throughout. There is no tutorial, and no hints of what might do what. I can't stop playing. Buy this now if you want a highly replayable and highly difficult game."
,Recommended,396640,32097283,Posted: 31 May,all,King_Kermit,"Really hard, really fun, and has good music."
,Recommended,396640,19406304,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Fishsticks,Just more more try.....   :-)
76561198071421958,Recommended,396640,26438215,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,eternal jape,A great roguelite.
,Recommended,396640,30731070,Posted: 25 March,all,tv,"The game is good, and it's made with love. The soundtrack and the graphics fit perfectly. The controls are kinda hard to get into but, once you do it, the game plays very nice. Also, the difficulty can be overwhelming for people who are not used to real roguelikes (no, Rogue Legacy isn't a roguelike). The community is small but very nice and active. My only problem with this game are some technical limitations, such as the inhability to pause or to save and quit, as well to change options during a run. Anyways, you can feel this game was made with love by the devs behind it, they've put a lot of work into it and it deserves way more attention than it has. Also, there's a DLC planned to be released, which, according to people on Discord, will fix some bugs, add a new chapter and also the so desired save option.This is definitely one of the best platformers i've ever played in my life. Also, get ready for masochism."
76561198046219371,Recommended,396640,18149072,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,AntiBen666,pretty hard to learn and pretty hard to playthats what makes a good game9/10 make the cutscenes skippable and you have a real gem
76561198040295426,Not Recommended,396640,33326718,Posted: 6 July,all,diegzumillo,"I struggled to decide between yes and no. It's a good game, seriously. But it has a very limited audience, in my opinion. So statistically speaking it's not for you, hence my ""no"". If you love super difficult rogue-likes, then you know what to expect already and should get this game.I love its minimalism. The graphics are simple and readable. The mechanics are simple but run very deep. I'm particularly a fan of the music too! It has this great sense of imminent danger but slow paced, exactly what you would expect of a dangerous climb.The thing with this game, and so many other rogue likes, is difficulty. If you ever watched a speed runner playing half life or some other game you probably noticed they have this amazing knowledge of the game. They know every exploit there is, every square inch of the game and practiced way more than any reasonable player. I'm sure they had fun doing it but most people are not interested in knowing a game that well. However, while anyone can enjoy half life with only a fraction of all that knowledge and dedication, Tower Climb requires that much as a bare minimum.I didn't get very far in the game but I did enjoy my time with it. I won't be playing it any more, but since I got it on sale, I think the game pretty much paid itself for 7 hours of gameplay. At full price I would have felt pretty bad for paying it."
76561198004565666,Not Recommended,396640,23789835,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,brickey.8,"Control scheme is terrible. To do an item double-jump, hold shift, tap C, jump and release shift while holding down. To use your sword, you hold shift, tap C, press and hold jump and you'll swing it while coming down from the jump (with terrible range for a delayed attack, and you have 1 HP). That's AFTER selecting the right inventory item of course.Given that, after dying four times on the (very long) tutorial, I gave up and asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,396640,18458212,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mitchfynde,"Take this review with a grain of salt. It's a good game, really, but it's just missing something for me. I'm a big fan of Spelunky and, to me, this just feels like a reverse Spelunky with less to offer. I may give the game another shot in the future, but for now I just don't have the patience for it."
76561198002623338,Not Recommended,396640,18214725,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Enda,"While this game does fit the description of a roguelike, there simply doesn't feel like there is enough variety to the content or mechanisms to make the gameplay rewarding enough for the price (especially given the alternatives).  There is no character progression (as far as I observed), no overall growth or goals (aside an album of death types to complete), and once you understand the basic jumping patterns, it all feels awkwardly sterile and repetitive.As a secondary complaint, the pixel-style graphics, while charming, are a bit muddy and have a fairly limited color palette, leaving a number of enemies and objects very difficult to tell apart.The music, however, is truly excellent."
,Not Recommended,396640,21912192,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,claiminglight,"Avoid.Attacking, a cruical mechanic in the game, only works if you're running and jumping at the same time. If you're not jumping, you can't attack. If you're not running, you throw your weapon away.That's not a joke."
76561197994158482,Not Recommended,396640,21679822,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Chocolate Biscuit,"There may be a good game in there but a lack of polish means you'll have to dig to find out.Some standard conventions are ignored, which results in unwarranted frustration (especially considering how easy it is to include them).  The game doesn't start in full screen.  At certain points ESC will exit the game rather than the context you're in (like a menu).  Worst of all, the control scheme is arcane and confused despite decades of great examples to draw on.The market for games is incredibly saturated at this point and you can find free flash games that do everything right, so I find it difficult to recommend a game (even an interesting one) when it lamely leaves barriers to entry that, for $10 - $15, could easily and should have been eliminated."
76561197970755457,Not Recommended,396640,20796129,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Spear,"geez where do i start...all the reviews are very positive so i'm in the minority but damn did i have a frustrating time, not with the difficulty of the game but the difficulty of setting it up to play....the resolution, it's terrible, i know it a ""retro inspired 2d platformer blahblah..."" but damn i don't want to play in a tiny window, it's 2016 and everyone has 1024p and i couldn't seem to set it up correctlyand btw as i was trying to look at the video and controller settings, i pushed escape to go back a menu kinda like maybe EVERY other game i own and instead of going back it closes the game, no warning, just like a clean crash, back to windowsanyway, end rant, i loved the premise, climbing an impossible tower with random challenges and rewards, i usually love games like that, but until issues like these are changed, i can't except the state of the game and have refunded it"
,Not Recommended,396640,24002210,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,jayxan,"Overly complicated controls. I spend half the time throwing things across the room instead of climbing or holding items. Couldnt get into it.Its a good show off game, but I cannot see any other reason to play this."
,Not Recommended,396640,22010010,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Shrike,"TLDR: Frustrating ControlsIm in the tutorial and im so frustrated by the controls, it just makes no sense.I am supposed to pick up an item from the ground by standing still on an item but holding the sprint button (which is just contradictory), and press C to add it to my inventory for some reason, while my inventory opens with W. In the inventory you have to press CTRL to switch items per example. The tutorial then asks to place a crate, but items are automatically thrown away when you release the button, so you have to hold the button or the item will be thrown. To place the crate on the ground, you have to throw it upwards, which is a strange solution but alright. Then I get a weapon and I am supposed to attack with it by sprinting and jumping at the same time (???) It just all feels so wrong, the hotkeys chosen, the way they need to be executed, so much feels wrong, im sorry. I rather watch someone play it than play it myself.Also why does the 30seconds intro play every time ?Edit: You can close the intro with pressing ""X""@Devs, you really need to rework this control system, its a total mess and breaks all conventions of what people know about controlling a platformer. Its strange, complicated, unintuitive and makes me want to stop the game before ending the tutorial. Keys are somewhat rebindable but these are mostly that can not be fixed by changing keys.Towerclimb does simple things wrong that Mario did right 20 years ago.Let me know when/if it is reworked and im changing the review no problem, but I currently can't have fun with it."
,Not Recommended,396640,23607839,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,futique808,"For me this is one of the worst roguelike platformers on steam.  Compared to others and I own almost all of them this game didnt live up.  Gameplay was the biggest issue I had, it just wasnt fun.  Refunded."
76561198041737078,Not Recommended,396640,18997984,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Teen Laquifa,"Bought and installed the game with the intention of playing coop with my brother. After trying to figure out the settings and realizing they were horribly dysfunctional, we could not figure out how to get coop to work. The settings were atrocious and impossible to work with. Haven't even played the game but can't even get it to go fullscreen with the proper resolution and it looks horrible the way it is right now. Pass."
76561198069879270,Not Recommended,396640,23266082,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,zedmail816,"Towerclimb is a ""truly epic adventure"". Wow, really? I didn't know having a main character being slower than the average cripple with mental disabilities and NO EQUIPMENT WHATSOEVER made a game epic. Now, I get that roguelikes are somewhat based around the idea of ""Huh, what's this do? *BOOM* *Insert cussing here* You're supposed to learn from death.  But really, when the UNSKIPPABLE tutorial which takes about 20 minutes to complete AFTER you know what to do starts for the 5th time and you've done nothing but charge into the first level and die, and you've wasted 9/10ths of your time on the tutorial and spent two hours with no progress whatsoever, you'll probably not be very happy. It's supposed to be hard, but when I'd rather beat super meat boy, IWBTG, or Cat mario (take your pick) BLINDFOLDED then finish the 5th level in a game more than 40 levels long, you're not doing it right. This game is worse than sonic boom or sonic 06, and that's saying something."
76561198306796918,Recommended,396640,34851532,Posted: 9 September,all,mayo lord,A near perfect roguelight platformer every new area is a challenge to learn and thats a huge part of what makes this game so awesome. If you are interested in a good challenging platformer id give this a go it might surprise you like it did me. One of my favorite games of all time.
76561198344546262,Recommended,396640,34887278,Posted: 11 September,all,Duemanshi,Easily one of the best games in the genre of a platformer with rogue-like elements. Very challenging game that rewards resource managment.
