user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198087794419,Recommended,396750,32658169,Posted: 22 June,all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you're a casual gamer who enjoy roguelike, hardcore, buy it!*No, if you're looking for simulation gaming, don't buy itGAME IMPRESSION:First 2 hours, being as rookie pilot & learn a lotAfter 5 hours, new discover!After 12 hours, new discover!After 15 hours, new discover!COMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 20 hours*Leisure play style: Around 40 hours+STORY CATCH-UP:( ✔ ) Require long hours to catch-up the story( ✔ ) In-game provide story journal, for who have very short time to play( _ ) Allow to revise cut-scenes / pre sequel video( _ ) Require memorize the locations, characters to enjoy the game( ✔ ) Without understand the story, still enjoyableGAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( _ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( _ ) Not adjustable( ✔ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( ✔ ) Unlockable loadout / Startup customization( ✔ ) Set higher difficult to increase reward( _ ) Penalty if objective failedGAME FEATURES:( _ ) Online Player versus Player( _ ) Online Cooperative( _ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( _ ) Online Daily / Weekly / Monthly Challenges( ✔ ) Unlockable more Ship Decals( ✔ ) Unlockable Perks( ✔ ) Unlockable Weapon Upgrades( ✔ ) Unlockable Artworks / Codex( _ ) Unlockable Emblem / Badge( ✔ ) Earn something to buy upgrade( ✔ ) Campaign Mode (Linear story)( _ ) Campaign Mode (Multiple Ending)( _ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( ✔ ) Random level generated( ✔ ) Random loots/npc/map selected( ✔ ) Hidden / Collectible Items( ✔ ) Photo Mode (Free camera)( ✔ ) Personal Best( ✔ ) Statistic Progress( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( _ ) Open World (Fast Travel)( ✔ ) Stealth play( ✔ ) Crafting( ✔ ) Side Quest( ✔ ) Steam Achievements (total: 25)( ✔ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud Save( _ ) Steam Tradable / Marketable item drop( _ ) Provide Multiple Slot to Save( ✔ ) Game made for Console Gaming( ✔ ) Game made for PC Gaming( ✔ ) Game made for VRLIKES:+Beautiful cockpits~+Very easy to pilot+Many area to explore+Collect resources to trade+Quick fast travel+Many ways to refuel+Mysterious space creatures+Hidden container+Smart mini-boss+Each play earn reward+Concept arts in story presentation+Higher difficult, higher reward; same as low difficult+Game saved at each sector, but only load once+All resources & crafted item will not keep, once player died+Collect codex to read more about the background (come together with concept arts)+Combat options can be: Fight; Hide; Get help; Escape, your choice+Not fighting alone, ""G&B"" neutral units will be there, sometimes+Outlaws & Okkar are your enemies, they fight each other as well+Trader is important, player can increase their ""spawning possibility""+Secret boss battle :D great idea!!!+Make decision to switching ""Enchancements"" to change the playing style+Hall of Fame record stat of each winning of the game+Unlockable ship's colors & decal+Optional challenges to complete+Deadly weather, still can be avoid :DDISLIKES:-Subpar interface design-Cannot dock on a station-Credit reward cannot be accumulate-Objectives received automatically-Sound is good, but music is not that nice...-Lack of online value-Cannot cancel the Launch-Explosion animation is not good enoughQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2016)ACinematicBContents VolumeAArts & DesignA+Realistic AnimatedALevel DesignACombat TacticA+Music & SoundBOnline ValueC-Replay ValueA+Bug-freeAOVERALLAWORTH BUYING:( ✔ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( _ ) Yes, can wait for sales( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on itWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + Season Pass (all DLC)( _ ) No, DLC is different value( ✔ ) No DLCBEST PRICE HISTORY:20% off, since January 2017MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bue92h658jIGame File Size: 7.94 GBhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/396750/"
76561197970720161,Recommended,396750,32069650,Posted: 30 May,all,Game_Dude,"WARNING: Flight Sticks don't work with this game. Don't get one for this! M+KB recommended!Everspace reminds me of those space shooters of old, but throws several other things in the mix. You are required to jump through sectors until you reach a wormhole, leading you to a new zone.A hostile reptile race patrols those sectors and seems to follow you with a powerful fleet. You get a set amount of time to explore a sector before their arrival is announced and you need to leg it. Do you have enough fuel to make the jump without taking damage? Did you find enough ressources to enable further travels? Or have you been sleeping and suddenly find yourself unable to get away?It's not the end of the world. You accumulate credits during missions, which can be spent AFTER you die. On abilities which make your future runs easier. Another clone of you enters a ship and starts his voyage anew, strenghtened by your wise choices in talents.The secors are procedurally generated and require you to search them to get enough ressources for repairs and upgrades to your ship. This has to be done each time from point zero, although you can select a starting loadout for your ships, once you have found some components. You can also find blueprints to weapons and more, which will let you craft those items during future runs.TL;DR: A mix of Elite and FTL, with permadeath, procedurally generated maps and progression beyond death. You can actually only learn new abilities AFTER you die."
,Recommended,396750,32517156,Posted: 17 June,all,Brevi,"An indie rogue-like that feels like a mixture of FTL with Freespace-ish 6DOF space combat. Beautiful visuals, good optimization, satisfing ship customization & crafting, survival elements, fun space battles. It's awesome!Some Tips:- Always lock your target to see where you have to lead your fire.- Never stop moving while in a fight. Try to 'strafe' and use the afterburner every now and then while changing directions.- The Energy Injector is a cheap & really powerful consumable. It's like a 'potion' that maxes your energy instantly. You can outrun anything with it and the afterburner as you can have 4 at a time, and you can even craft extras mid battle. It also allows you to lay down continuous fire in long encounters.- Do not fight the battles you cannot win! Just run away if you are outnumbered badly.- Mines and missiles can devastate enemies. Use them!- Hide behind asteroids to avoid taking damage in a solar flare (large sun storm).- In electric storms your shield will be damaged constantly, but your energy will fill up. Some zones are entirely covered in such a storm. This will not hurt your ship's hull!- All hazards like solar flares and electric storms also damage the enemy ships!- Different weapons have different ranges. Some close quarter weapons need you to be at 1000m or even less, but some are effective from 4000m away.- Switch weapons to fight efficiently! Pulse Laser has high shield damage, but low hull damage. Gatling has high hull damage, but low shield damage. Beam laser is mediocre in both. Different projectiles are useful in different situations!- Use everything! :) A fight is very different when you activate devices like the Time Extender and Weapon Overdrive, while taking consumables like the Energy Injector and the Shield Booster, when compared to just shooting your Primary Weapons and that's it."
,Recommended,396750,32092565,Posted: 31 May,all,Senko,"Pros:-Butt-clenching combat, extremely fast and responsive movement allows for high skill cap evasive maneuvering and using the enviroment to your advantage.-Death doesn't feel bad because you'll spend your earned credits that run on talents/passives, improving your capabilities in all future runs.-Player skill, i.e aiming and evading fire are crucial to your success, really pushes you to your limits when you hit low health.-Looks great, minus perhaps the cockpit and retical UI.Cons:-Some soundtracks don't fit at all, feels like there are too many genres, but some soundtracks do fit great.Conclusion:I don't see any reason why this game shouldn't be at 90% steam rating, so here's my thumbs up."
76561198062930115,Recommended,396750,25597333,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"Everspace is only the 5th game that I have supported on early access – with the rest being Into the Stars, Darkest Dungeon, Offworld Trading Company and Rimworld. I have done it because I was more than aware what will they be and what they will represent. As such, I can tell you that I have high hopes about this game, as it already has an extremely strong base, and it performs beautifully. All it needs now is some more content.But first thing’s first: What is Everspace?Well, if you don't like to read, or want to see how the game looks like then watch - but be aware that I am quite sick at the time of the recording, so my voice sounds weird:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9RtNUbJUkM(Doing the new vid is postponed due to the new job I started which eats roughly 11 hours a day of my game time. So yeah - real life reasons...)Everspace is a fly-and-die, 40% Faster than Light, 20% Freelancer, 10% Into the Stars and 30% inovation. It takes the core FTL rogue-like idea of travelling between sectors in order to achieve a certain goal (which we don’t know yet as the story has not been fully implemented) and builds up on it by adding mining and sector saturation (from Into the Stars, meaning the longer you stay in the same spot the worse it gets, so you can’t mine and loot forever), trading and basic missions (so far), very much like Freelancer, and the rest is innovation – unlike any of those 3 games, here you have upgrades that persist, and more importantly, the ability to craft ammunition, and even systems and weapons for your ship once you discover the necessary blueprints.  As such, there is a visible and sensible progression that makes you keep going back to the game.So, what’s GOOD as of version 0.13?1. Perfectly optimized graphics, easily holding 60 fps on 1080p at all times. I play on a fancy laptop with a 970M 3GB Vcard and I never saw something below 56 frames. I had no stuttering, everything moved fluidly and I was enjoying myself thoroughly.2. Very responsive and snappy controls, even on keyboard and mouse, the way I usually like to play. The only times I ever mishit a key was when I was in panic mode - which is already saying something.3. The space is beautiful and very diverse and a pleasure to fly and explore it.4. The musical score is very pleasant and does not try to impose itself on you – which is something I really enjoy in intense space battle games where I need to focus on my survival and not on the booming hard rock.5. You have a level of control – rather than shoving out to us another rogue-like with permadeath and “you suck bro” mechanics, here you get credits, which you can spend on passive upgrades to the ship after you die (and you will, a lot). Then, during the mission, you will obtain weapons, equipment, and various resources that you can use to craft ammunition, weapons, and system for your ship with the blueprints you will find in your travels. And if that wasn’t enough, there are upgradable weapons and pieces of equipment with the upgrade blueprints you find! Want a shield-busting  Gatling Gun? You can have it. Want a 3 km range Beam? Yep! There are so many combinations for you to test and obliterate your opponents in many satisfying ways.6. I would venture to say that the game is pretty bug-free, as the worst I encountered so far was a scrap element inside an inaccessible part of a derelict, but once I got close I still got it. So...And now, to take a look at the BAD.1. You need to accept the fact that you will die a LOT in this game. In the 5 hours that I played the game for prior to the review, I died 14 times, which is roughly 1 death every 20 minutes. If you don’t like such games, where your death means a better start for the next run, you should stay away from this game.2. I would say that you need at least 2 hours in order to set yourself a decent ship and a number of useful blueprints for you to craft. While this will mean that regardless of the loot in your future play-throughs you will always have a secondary option, it takes some time to get there, and it might be a certain turn-off to some players.3. Since every map is randomly generated, even if you’re in a low-risk sector, you may find yourself between multiple enemies (for example 3 Outlaws and 3 Orrak), which usually spells your doom. And it doesn’t get helped by the fact that from sector 4 and ahead, the enemies get way tougher…4. Credits do not roll over - if you don't spend as much of your cash as possible on upgrades on the new pilot after the last one died, you will LOSE them flat out. The game DOES warn you about it, but if you are the fast clicker type (I myself am one every now and then), you will skip the warning and be left without a possible good upgrade. Not fun...Things to consider: so far, according to the developer, there will be no planet exploration and no in-game economy. Whether there will be more elaborate missions, we will need to wait and see – as most of the missions right now are simple, like rescue a fleet/vessel under attack or deliver cargo to a neighboring system. Also, just like FTL, there is no going back – the only way for you is ahead, until you reach the final goal. While there are always 3 challenges for you to keep you occupied, the game does need to add some more meat on its bones. But that is coming :)EA Conclusion:For me, the game has enough about itself to merit a purchase at this stage. The battles are intense, the crafting systems are meaningful and you can feel yourself progressing and improving as you keep on playing the game. Unlike FTL, I never felt like I had a “zero progress” run, which is something I really like about Everspace. I don’t mind dying in a game – I am all good if it’s for something. I remain very hopeful that this game will do well – as I said, I don’t pledge money on early access if I don’t have enough reasons to believe that it is going to make it."
,Recommended,396750,25507469,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Draegon®,"It has been a while since I played a proper space game and it is refreshing that they are still being made. I have been following this game for a while and I can now say that it was worth paying attention to. If you enjoy a Rogue, Darkstar One type of game with gorgeous graphics, intense and skillbased battles and on top of that, rock solid performance - then this game is for you.You start off with a ship and some basic equipment, you have to hack, scan, fight, craft and loot items and credits to upgrade your ship on the path trough the levels and sectors. The further you travel, the tougher it gets. You only have one life so choose your moves carefully, this mean that if your ship gets destroyed, you die and have to start over. Don't let that scare you though, it makes the game a lot more intense, and the credits you have accumulated on the previous run can be used to buy perks which will help you on future travels.I am impressed with what I have seen so far and I can easily recommend it to other people who are into these type of games. Looking forward to see where the devs will take it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=763854199"
,Recommended,396750,30626310,Posted: 19 March,all,Clinically Depressed Badger,"Honestly despite the few expected glitches and bugs, this game is one of the best space shooters I've ever played. I grew up with Freespace and Descent, and this really meets every expectation I have of a fast-paced space shooter.10/10, honestly."
76561197989610350,Recommended,396750,31994406,Posted: 27 May,all,A Nameless Ghoul,"At last, we finally have a space shooter in the similar vein of games like Freelancer and Descent. This game is very easy to pick up and play but will take a few trial runs to really pick up on all of the nuances. The graphics are pretty amazing and the game runs pretty on my older rig.My only gripe is I feel that the game is a bit overpriced for what you're getting, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,396750,25501714,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,LugdunonTG,I've been excited for EVERSPACE for some time and now finally getting to play it I'm loving it.The controls are simple but work great using the controller. The game is simply stunning every time I warp I stop in each area to just look at the environment its truly breath taking at times.As you take damage you can visibly see it on your ship and you can start to lose sub systems if you take too many hits to a single place. Finding resources to repair these can sometimes leave you at a severe disadvantage.You can craft new missles and consumables as you fly aslong as you've got all the parts you need and you can upgrade and refit your ship as you go if needed. You will stumble upon service stations and traders where you can exchange deals for parts or resources and aslo use your hard earned money to repair and refuel.After death you get to keep some of your credits to upgrade your perks to give you a higher advantage on the next run. The skill tree is a pretty decent size and needing multiple points in each perk to max it out.So far a fantastic game and one I can see me putting hundreds of hours into once the game releases from Early Access. Highly recommend.https://youtu.be/M3vW92DyQHs
,Recommended,396750,28158401,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BOT Jenkem,"Everspace is one of the best examples of Early Access done right.It was a fun and enjoyable space shooter (akin to Freelancer) even when first released, and now the developers are adding more and more content every month.It has great graphics, good weapon variety, fights are fast and engaging.I'd like to see more models, though. Structures, turrets, debris, enemy fighters and capital ships... But the game is great already and is worth its price."
76561198015682171,Recommended,396750,30563105,Posted: 16 March,all,torch672,"Most of you don't know, what I feel started the personal PC revolution was a game called Wing Commander. Until that point everyone was content with their Commodore 64's and Nintendos/ Wing Comander was aactually made for a computer that didn't even exist yet (the high end 386 but mostly the mythical 486). When you finally saved up enough money to build your first PC and bought Wing Commander you were just awe struck at the beauty and simplicity of flying in space taking time to look at the background while you played. Everspace in it's early access release is just beautiful. Yes I have a high end computerand have GTAV and WD2 at their highest settings and I love them, alot, but the beauty, seamless playability and detail pf this game  in such a early stage, brings me back to the simple fun of a  well done space simulator. I can omly imagine it in VR. I may not have to eat ramen noodles for a year to get a new level of computing like I did in the 80|s . but this game is going to bring me into the VR world sooner then I planned. Kudos Devs!Edit: I loved this game on a 4K screen and still do. Since going VR I was really looking forward to playing this, in fact it was the first game I played. Visually it is awesome! However there are many VR bugs I won't go into detail about also it really cries for joystick control. Adding this would just complete the game."
,Recommended,396750,25501849,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ghost_Hawk,"With only one ship currently flyable, I haven't found that to be an issue. This game reminds me of FTL a good bit. Let me tell you a story, I was minding my own buisiness when 3 interceptors warped in, they quickly dispersed my shields, and began destroying my hull. My inertial dampeners got damaged, along with my life support. My first instinct is to get the ♥♥♥♥ out. I begin my lock to warp to the next sector, and make it out fine. I select the next sector to arrive at, and warp in. I then come face to face, with a black hole. It immediately begins dragging me in, and for some damned reason my first instict is to use it as a slingshot. Amazingly, I made it out alive, I made it a few sectors over before dying.This game is quite amazing, I can see it's potential, but its got a good bit to do first before i can say its worth the $29.99 pricetag. All in all, i do recommend this game, when on sale."
76561198032599639,Recommended,396750,26209724,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Rdikin,"Do you like FTL?Do you like perk based systems?Are you ok with investing a lot of time into a ship that's just going to die? (see question 1)Did you answer yes to all 3?Congratulations, you'll like EVERSPACE."
76561198049031724,Not Recommended,396750,25643492,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Rallei,"I'd give this game a ""neutral"" if I could. I understand that it's early access, and I don't expect an early access game to be perfect by any means - however...As many others have said, the game is gorgeous and it controls quite well but... The pacing is just not that great. It gets old, fast.Kill some bad dudes, fly to point A, loot it, fly to point B, loot it, fly to point C, loot it, fly here, there, and everywhere. The amount of downtime accumulates, and then you realize that in an hour long run, at least 30 (or more) minutes of it was just... Flying about and waiting for the next point of interest to pop in. Rinse and repeat. It feels like not enough content paced/stretched far too thinly. Again, I understand it's early access, but this is $30 we're talking about.Everspace does some things really well, however at this point I would say it's not worth looking into unless you're really interested in this sort of game. Like a 25 cent pack of gum, there's a lot of flavor at first, and then you're pretty much just chewing rubber... Except, erm, it's a $30 game. If you like this sort of thing, you'll get a kick out of it for a little while I'm sure."
76561197973370698,Recommended,396750,31963041,Posted: 25 May,all,Rhalbone,"Let see what we got:1. Unreal 4 eye candy2. Space fighting action, Sector Exploration3. Tight controls4. Carfitng of weapons, shields, drones ect.5. Cool skill tree.6. VR support Heck yes!!!This game i been playing for a little while and is alot of fun like Starfox (but its not a rail shooter), 1st game a played of its kind really fun! Recommend you all to try this now! IMO its ready to go!"
,Recommended,396750,25564727,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,McClarran,"Fly, shoot things, gather materials, craft stuff to shoot things better, die, upgrade your ship, repeat.Now that I've summarized the game as quickly as I can, let me just say that at the time of this review, this game is barely more than its core gameplay features. And from my perspective, they're solid. Combat is fluid and challenging, performance is rock-steady, and progression feels good. I'm normally not the type to go for ""Die, learn, repeat"" as a gameplay mechanic, but in this it feels right.I'd advise holding off if you're not 100% sure you want it, but if this feels like your cup of tea, give it a whirl. And good luck."
76561197970598604,Recommended,396750,30510418,Posted: 14 March,all,Ralthor,"I'll keep it short and sweet. I dont  generally like rogue like games. I disapprove on general principles of the whole early access thing. However, I tried this and decided to support it because it is fun as it is. The rest will be gravy.To make it absolutely perfect after completion, Rockfish needs to implement a modding API so the community can add a freelancer like adventure. :)"
,Recommended,396750,28327058,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ulgrim the Mad,"What a fantastic early access game.Great visualsSuper tight keyboard and mouse controlsA solid progression system that you genuinely feel like you're getting stronger withA universe you want to know more aboutIncredible replay value with seamless, randomly generated areas and encountersIt's like FTL and Freelancer got together and made a babyI love what they're doing here and I hope they keep adding more to it. As it stands it's already an easy recommendation to buy."
76561197971124277,Recommended,396750,25530487,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Error,"Perhaps, did you just recently get your heart broken? Possibly... a quintillion times?This game right here is your salvation.Beautiful graphics? Check.Space combat? Check.Crafting and resource gathering? Check.Difficulty level high with a major chance of FUN? Check.Spore animals jumping around to the jurrasic park theme played badly on a harmonica? No check.(Turn off Vsync it was ♥♥♥♥ing my game up and stuttering every two seconds)"
76561197970358346,Recommended,396750,25522398,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BlackjackGT,"German developer ROCKFISH Games' Everspace is an easy-to-pickup, hard-to-master roguelike space combat game that looks and sounds fabulous. You keep your credits after each ""run,"" and level up perks and upgrade ship components before re-entering the galaxy. That's been enough for me to feel a nice sense of progress, even if I'm dying each time. :)I feel like they've got a broad-appeal home run if they can eventually get in the promised ""Captivating non-linear story featuring interesting and thoughtfully designed characters,"" joystick support and fully implemented VR support, by the time the game exits early access.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=764272730IntroductionEverspace is a space combat roguelike roguelite middle of the rogue roguester rogue-a-rama. Just kidding. :) I think it's fair to say Everspace has several ""roguelike elements,"" let's put it that way. I'll confess I was skeptical -- many roguelikes just frustrate/anger me. However, the game has won me over. :-) Keeping my credits, getting to upgrade a little bit each time through, has kept me invested and not so much frustrated.PresentationIf your PC has decent horsepower, and you can run Everspace with graphics ramped up, the game is simply gorgeous, using the Unreal Engine 4. It may be the best looking space combat game I've ever played (I have not tried Star Citizen). High-rez textures let you feel like you're in your own sci-fi movie.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=763832408To me the game looks great both in the Big sense - planets, asteroids, spaceship wrecks, fleet ships, enemy fighters they all look terrific.And then also in the small sense. Details on resources you harvest, containers you shoot open for loot, the many different colored light and smoke contrails given off by enemy fighters, missiles, rockets; and the colorful contrails from enemy ships, including when they blow apart.ControlsI found the keyboard/mouse controls comfortable and effective. I think many of us have found it best to reduce mouse sensitivity a bit in the game's Options menu for more precise aiming and movement. Note that all keys -- including assigned mouse buttons -- are rebindable.If you prefer a flight sim type movement (mouse forward to dive; mouse backward to lift ship nose up), the default is opposite of that.While I haven't tried gamepad yet, my understanding is that while controls are not rebindable, they did provide a few different preset gamepad configurations.Joystick aficionados may want to wait and see if the dev follows through on its web site's stated goal of adding joystick support once Kickstarter stretch goals were met.GameplayYou'll start each ""run"" in your ship hangar.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=763779064This is your chance to gradually customize the ship's abilities to get it to be how you want it. Do you want it to be more basically durable or to have a shield that generates faster? Do you want to have a higher maximum speed, or maybe have an energy core with a larger reservoir in it? For a long time, you won't be able to have Everything -- so you tend to need to make some tough choices.Each zone within a sector is generally full of resources and loot items (in tech containers) for you to harvest. You may need to run a scan (which is a consumable item) to do so.In space, one faction (red) will be immediately against you -- the Okkar. The other faction (yellow) generally is focused on mining and won't attack you unless you attack them first. You can use this to your advantage if outnumbered - you can drag Okkar over towards this other faction to enshare both sides in their own dogfighting issues :)Service stations and trade vessels -- in some cases you may need to help their escorts battle enemy fighters to prove your worth and gain access to the stations/vessels -- provide opportunities for repairs, trading and buying resources.StoryWhile the dev pledges, ""Captivating non-linear story featuring interesting and thoughtfully designed characters"" by the time of the full release, right now it's limited to an occasional text ""story log"" you might find when analyzing objects in the environments.CustomizationWhile you can't change, say, the color of your ship, the weapons and devices you equip do change your ship's visual look.Currently, we players are limited to one ship. You can view black outlines of what will be the 2nd and 3rd ships, presumably later during early access. Just a wild guess, but I suspect one will be a smaller, perhaps faster and more maneueverable ship with fewer weapons hardpoints (think Star Wars' A-Wings). The other new ship perhaps will be heavier, less maneueverable, but perhaps more durable and with more hardpoints for weapons.AudioImmersive sound effects put you in your ship but also capture the eerie quiet of deep space. You'll learn to recognize the rat-a-tat-tat of your Gatling cannon, the whoosh of your ship's engines and when firing your missiles, the rising high-pitched crescendo of your warp to the next sector position. ALso the sickening sound as your disintegrating ship prepares to go kaboom, and the metallic crunch when an enemy ship crashes into your own.VerdictIf you're dying for exciting space combat and well, don't dying repeatedly ala the movies Groundhog Day and Edge of Tomorrow, then your ship has come in. You should enlist in Everspace, attempt to provide constructive feedback and suggestions, and hopefully see Everspace evolve in story and content during the early acccess period. :)I should note that if you prefer joysticks for space combat, this doesn't have support in yet. The official site mentioned it as a feature to be added eventually. The roaming cross hair -- more like your primary weapon is a spinning ball turret rather than fixed in place -- could make joystick support challenging, let's hope they pull it off. :)I'll try to remember to update this review when the game gets significant updates during early access. And since I'm writing this in a bleary-eyed state, I might revise it later. :)P.S. Thanks to El Kemosabe for the review subhead suggestions for inspiration! :)"
,Recommended,396750,25541090,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Neek Nack,"After ""completing"" my first run through (died horribly to a Pirate Chief), I have to say, this game has been absolutely stunning. Allow me to explain through my first playthough.Tutorial starts. I'm told the basics of how to play, and I pick up the controls easily enough. Everything is pretty straight forward, and I press on. I get into a fight with a few pirates, but I was lucky enough to have them preoccupied with some friendlies. The beam laser makes everything fairly easy to hit with sustainable damage, and I immediately start favoring it. Missiles were also very useful, and only later did I find out how easy they are to craft (and how spammable they are!). I continue to explore, finding various containers and resource locations. Still unable to find the warp inhibitor to continue progressing, I continue to explore.After bumbling around for a bit longer, I come across a trading post. Repairs, fuel, and trading all at the ready. Not knowing what to trade for, I elect to leave, but come across a weird box-shaped item floating outside the post. Not knowing what it was, and wondering why it wasn't interactable, I fired a few shots to figure out what it was. Turns out the trading post has missile turrets outside guarding the place, along with a few fighters. The AI promptly mocks me, informing me that when you attack a faction, their nearby friends will engage you. After a prompt, ""You don't say!"", I manage to eliminate the ones I used to call friends while taking around 20% hull damage. Upset, I salvage what I can and keep looking for the inhibitor.That's when a warning comes on, interceptors are headed towards my location! Panicked, I quickly boost away, franticly searching for the inhibitor. Boy, the AI was NOT kidding when it recommended evasive maneuvers. By the time I reached the darn thing, my hull was below 50% and falling fast. Scared as hell, I put myself behind a nearby asteroid as I desperately hack the inhibitor. As I finished, a huge salvo of bullets rained down on me from behind. On the edge of my seat, I franticly boost away towards the jump point. I start doing barrel rolls by boosting upwards and spinning, keeping my reticle on the jump point as I see my hull crawl down lower and lower. Narrowly avoiding an all-too-early death, I warp away and return to blissful serene peace. Letting out a huge sigh of relief, I realize how thrilling the entire experience was.After breathing calmly and relaxing, I look to my ship's status to see how bad the damage was. Hull integrity was at 5%! I had survived by the skin of my teeth. Unfortunately, I did not possess any nano bots to repair my hull. Worried my run would come to such a short stop, I began searching the area in hopes of bringing my ship back to full. Greeted by a few pirate drones, I quickly dispatch them, all the while tense knowing I could perish at any time. And that's when I hit the motherlode, nano bots! I was finally able to bring my hull to a respectable integrity, and got some other parts to boot!The rest of my run went by fairly smoothly, until I hit the 3rd or 4th jump gate (different from jump points) to a new sector (next section with a new map). The AI informed me that the enemies encountered from now on would be very formidable. Boy, he wasn't kidding. Upon entry, I was ambushed by a pirate squad, consisting of fighters, drones, these weird drones with tractor beams that kept me in place, and a pirate chief. I barely escaped the tractor beams as I feld with around 50% of my hull integrity remaining. Thinking I had reached safety, I searched around to refuel to make the next jump. Little did I know, another squad was waiting. Except this time, there was more than one chief, each with multiple missle launchers and some sort of shotgun weaponry. I managed to kill 2 of them before I was blown to bits by a missle and shotgun barrage. My pilot's last words were ""It's okay, I can do this!""My run ended with 53 minutes of play time and $14,000 in credits. And man, what an experience!TLDR: The combat was really nice and fluid, but remember to be constantly evading! A still target is an easy one. The only reason I got as far as I did was by evading. The combat is also very similar to something like Galaxy on Fire 2, where it's immersive yet arcady. Progression is nice and is very reminiscent of FTL, where you have a linear branching path to explore, and you find upgrades and crafting materials as you explore and fight. Credits you have left over after death, however, are used to spend on perks for your ship, making the next run much easier. Overall, I'd recommend getting this game if you're a fan of space dogfighting and rogue-lites. It's a blast and really gets you into it!"
,Recommended,396750,32008254,Posted: 27 May,all,Melignus,"Awesome pick up and play space sim, perfect when you're jonesing for some scifi but don't want to start a 100 hour story. Definitely worth the cost!"
76561197970053471,Recommended,396750,32673574,Posted: 23 June,all,NightRogue,"Prologue:  SInce I have a gagillion games and game as a hobby, what the hell I decided I am going to start acting like all these other people do and write reviews like my opinion matters, and try to sound all professional-like...Everspace -  I have had this game for at least a year now, having been an early access backer and I've played through the game many, many times at many different stages in it's development, from when only one ship existed and you could cheese the game with the right equipment, all the way to the present.  I was very happy to see that the game finally launched, but it took me a while to play it as I had already played the crap out it so many times already - thinking I would just get a more polished version of what I am already extremely familiar with.  I was right, but I was also very WRONG.Graphics:  Beautiful, full stop.  4k gaming on a 1080ti FE / I7 4770k (my lower powered rig) is extremely smooth at the highest settings.  The environments are eye popping, and you will certainly find yourself getting wailed on as you admire the detailed settings you are traveling through.  Textures are awesome, detail is everywhere, particle effects are some of the best around, and the engine overall is very impressive.   For a rogue-like, space or not, the graphics are far beyond anything you will experience in this genre.  So, with the genre in mind ---  10/10Audio:  Wonderful, haunting, immersive.  Again, keeping the genre in mind, the audio here is excellent.  Just about every rogue-like you will play is pixel-based (nothing wrong with that!) and the audio typically hangs in the ""x-bit"" range of styles.  Not here.  Sometimes it rocks, sometimes it's very atmospheric, sometimes it's a tad haunting.  What it ALWAYS is, is always something that will never annoy, and only serve to further pull you in to the experience.  Weapon and other audio effects are also top knotch and just ""fit"".  Nothing wrong here at all, with my only complaint being that since the nature of the game requires repetitive play, I just wish there was even more variety than there currently is.  ----- 9/10Gameplay:  Tight.  I only play with a controller.  I have tried Kb/M and there is certainly nothing wrong with it, but I play from the good ol' bed, so controller is the best.  On an xbox elite controller, you will have a tight, responsive experience.  The game of course does not use Newtonian physics or anything like that, so your ship controls more like an arcade-y hover jet than anything else.  Weapons give a slight buzz from the controller - feedback is excellent.  Controls are easily customized, and whichever controller of choice you use, you will be able to use it HOW YOU WANT. ---- 10/10Story:  It has one. It didn't used to have one.  Definitely not going to talk about it much because spoilers, but it's nothing that you will remember of course.  However, it does something some rogue-like games don't even bother to try to do, or at least can't do it well, and that's explain why the hell you should keep playing what you just played, even when you just ""beat"" it.  It makes sense, and it's easy to follow.  Story is told mostly through a slide-show like interface, with limited cut scenes that have motion using  the engine.  I do think a little more effort COULD have been made here because there actually is some parts of the story that I think would be cool if fleshed out more.  But again, you aren't playing this game for the story.  8/10Replayability:  10/10  (covered below)Overall:  9/10Good space games are pretty hard to find IMO, and nothing beats a great rogue-like that gives you that ONE MORE TIME itch and then scratches it well. Usually I would say ""if you don't like this genre of game, you probably won't like this game"", but in this case I think even folks that don't care for the genre in general will find something to like here.  The changes from the beta to the full release were a LOT more numerous than I could have imagined, and there are SO many little touches that I love - things that just make sense that you won't see elsewhere.  Increasing stats to energy or engine will actually affect the visuals of your ship just a bit.  Weapons are varied and can be modded.  Difficulties are nice and separate and good AI, versus the ""bullet sponge effect"" is used to make hard HARD.  You are rewarded for taking chances and punished when you screw up.  All three ships handle VERY differnetly and uniquely, and thus your play experience will vary A LOT depending on which one you choose, which adds even more to the replayability.   This is a great game that will appeal to a great many more people than just space fighter fans, or rogue-like fans.  Even FPS fans will find something to like here, I guarantee it.TLDR:  Buy and support this one!"
76561198018811171,Recommended,396750,31944834,Posted: 24 May,all,Fish Bazooka,"Full Release:This is seriously one of the coolest games I've ever played. Everspace is full of eye candy. I get this feeling like I'm playing a rogue version of Star Fox but with randomized encounters. The gameplay is butter smooth and the combat is satisfying. Further progression, customization, and loot will keep you hooked while you uncover new systems, enemies, secrets, and problem solving.Co-op/Multiplayer would be the cherry on top. One can only imagine..."
,Recommended,396750,25501685,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ciner18,"Easy and fun to pick up seems really hard to master. You will die but the perks you gain carry over to your next flight. Still learning the crafting, perk etc aspect but so far its  blast to play in first or third person."
76561198050156063,Recommended,396750,32042435,Posted: 29 May,all,magicmaskal,"everspace... if freelancer, rogue legacy and FTL had a threeway"
,Not Recommended,396750,32979267,Posted: 29 June,all,Jewishman,"It may not be clear from previews, but Everspace is a rogue-like 'survival' type game where you attempt runs through a gauntlet of enemies and slowly aquire credits to make future runs slightly easier. There are 3 ships and a long grind (a few million credits or so) of perk and item upgrades that improve only stats and a few abilities that feel like they should be available from the start, a trend that continues in the form of a number of other time extending gameplay elements.Everspace has focused on what I would consider the least enjoyable aspects of a space shooter; Mining, resource collecting/managing and scraping credits together. Whats lacking totally is any real visual or player controlled ship customisation or choice. I feel like players would get more out of creating and running different builds through a variety of increasingly difficult enemies; but instead you're running one of 3 predetermined builds, spending most of your time following HUD markers around in repetetive arenas scraping together resources, and the rest of the time fighting the same exact type of enemy with different stats and their drones.Ive played the Alpha and found the combat somehow more satisfying there (playing in VR for short periods), playing the full release normally, the satisfaction in chasing down all these small and often suicidal enemies in every stage in sector 1 has worn thin in a few hours, and after pushing through sector 2 and 3 with more of the same, Everspace just leaves me wondering why there isnt more variety in enemy type, size, strats or anything really and why I spend so much time looking for boxes. Combat is leaning towards an arcade-ish space shooter, but makes some bad gameplay choices that slow everything down with unnecessary and distracting grinds. This game borrows heavily from FTLs concepts which come across as a bit underdeveloped here (in regards to the starmap, cutscenes and narration), but theres no RPG elements, crew, random events or overarching plot line here to tie things together and spice up the runs to keep continued attempts interesting. The arenas are all empty lifeless voids  and debris fields and while it might work in a fast paced arcarde game with engaging and interesting enemies, Everspace is slower and more methodical, forcing you to trudge around before being able to leave.Overall, Everspace looks really nice but doesnt develops its good concepts well and it's weighed down by a lot of superflous elements that so many other games shoe horn into genres with similar results. Give me some lite RPG elements, the protagonist + AI relationship is cold and not at all charming, you're an audience to a man who knows nothing and a voiced tutorial. Some chatter from enemies or allies, some video calls from events on the map, something to make the world feel like its interacting with the player is desperately needed here. Enemy communication would also help in making them appear less similar or be an indication for increases in difficulty. The game needs something to keep players invested in doing runs, but it needs to be in a more visually engaging and gameplay impactual way."
76561198008394860,Recommended,396750,28874065,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Djed Moros,"I was hesitant buying this game in EA, though it seemed right up my alley. After playing it for a while, I now feel comfortable recommending it (despite EA), though it definitely depends on what you expect. It's tightly designed and to appreciate it, you'll want to understand some of its key mechanics.To get some things out of the way:This is not Freelancer.I read comparisons to open space exploration games and this is nothing like that (which I'm very glad for). You have very limited trading opportunities and most of your investments happen after you die in preparation for the next try.If you want a comparison, this owes more to FTL in terms of risk assessment and progression and House of the Dying Sun in terms of vicious, fast and still tactical battles.Risk assessment is probably the right term for the key concept: Like in FTL, you're in a race against time in that you jump into a sector with a limited window before a pursuing fleet jumps in (which, like FTL, will probably kill you though it's very possible to survive the first waves - but as soon as the battleship shows up, you're done). You'll want to gather as much ressources as possible to upgrade your ship's systems or find new equipment and get the hell out before your pursuers show up.I guess the game could do a better job explaining this mechanic in the tutorial and since there is no indication as to when the fleet shows up, the first time you get shot by the fleet might be a bit of a downer. I hope they implement some kind of timer in the next updates.Still, once you get the hang of it, the game becomes a lot of fun. Wanna try to hang out a bit longer to get those containers several miles away or play it safe and head for the jump gate? Take too long engaging enemy fighters and you might lose the opportunity to get the ressources you'll need for the rest of the trip.The race against time is maybe not for everyone, but once you accept it, you'll be amazed how well the other design elements click into place. The damage system is quite detailed - not only will your ship resemble more and more a smoking wreck, but the internal system might get damaged as well, hugely impacting the gameplay. If your inertia dampeners get shot, you'll suddenly find momentum getting the better of you; lose your sensors in a fight and you're in dire straits indeed. Reparing the systems is costly and you might need the necessary nano bots to repair your overall hull, but to get more ressources you'd have to stick around longer, which might not be worth the risk ...Yeah, RNG plays a role as in basically every rogue-like, but the upgrade system gives you quite a few ways to turn the odds in your favor. Further updates promise more variety in terms of structures, enemies and environments, which can become repetitive at the current version. Since the core gameplay is very enjoyable already, I'm really looking forward to seeing where the finished product will land - so far, I'm having a blast!"
,Recommended,396750,27899738,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr Mofo,"Rouge like space shooter where you progress FTL style, but you can earn/find/kill for credits which you can invest in ship stats & perks when you die, so you slowly get stronger & can progress further.While alive you can Craft/customise weapons/ship mods etc with all the shiny goodies you can mine/liberate.Good game even at this stage, when they add in planned content it should be great.TLDR: rootytootyshootylootymelikey."
76561198013561063,Recommended,396750,32094674,Posted: 31 May,all,IrOnTaXi,Great game.. initially a bit of a learning curve to figure out what makes the game tick.. made me want to start over once I understood how it all works.I good drop in game for a busy person like myself.Very well optimized.. ran wonderfully.keep it up.. inspiring work!
76561198010820818,Recommended,396750,32005003,Posted: 27 May,all,Mastadans,"FTL-in-a-3d-view-Unreal4-fighter-ship. Don't expect an open-world, is about zones like in FTL.8.5/10"
,Recommended,396750,32301584,Posted: 9 June,all,Arkhadi,"I'm addicted. And I can't reccomend this enough.Everspace is a roguelike in...well, space. With astonishing graphics and extremely-excelent-responsive gameplay.It's one of those games where you'll have little ""wow"" and ""hah, clever"" moments often.+ The graphics+ Controls are on point+ Replayability is the word+ Great Progression+ Good variety of environments+ Ship upgrades changes ships visual+ The whole package makes for a game you'll always want more/ Ships playstyles are different enough to compensate the game only having 3 ships/ The total number of sectors is an Odd number, I dont like odd numbers, gimme more./ imagine this in coop, maybe someday?- the artwork feels rushed, and perhaps it was.- you can't skip challanges you don't want to completeOverall, it's pretty good.You'll replay this until you're skilled enough to finish it.Only to find out that when you finish the game, it starts the real game.and then you'll keep playing to find out what happens when you really finish it."
,Recommended,396750,34812831,Posted: 8 September,all,Shempler,"So fun, playing it since Early Access. They sorted everything out for release and made a beautiful, space, rougle like game I can enjoy! :) Thank you Rockfish."
76561198047762226,Recommended,396750,32024217,Posted: 28 May,all,Estredar,"SO, yeah, a very good game, I will forget I dislike roguelikes for a few minutes and give my rating of the game:-Gameplay: 9/10, feels instincitve and controls are easy-to-learn.-Performances: 10/10, you get the feel it has been optimised alot and, running it on a gaming laptop, I run it at 70 FPS, all medium-high, low shadows. Alt-Tab friendly too.-Graphics: 9/10, gorgeous, odd outer-space feeling, would give 10/10 if not for a very few z-fighting and chromatic anomalies i got in a dark nebulae.-Replayability: 9/10, since it is a Roguelike, you loose almost everything upon death but still get the feeling you made some progress. That may be just me but everytime I lost a ship, I was getting fired up to launch another fighter and get some payback.-AI: 9/10, not THE smartest AI i've seen but by far the best dogfighting AI i've seen, not moving always i the exact same patern and not always where you expect it to be.-OVERALL: 9/10, a must-have for dogfhiting-game and roguelike enthusiasts, definitely in my Good Games folder and one I will recommend to my friends. I will probably get fed up fast but thats just me, I'll go back to play it in a few months and again will get that ""What's behind that astero... HOLY CRAP FRIGATE"" feeling. GOOD WORK DEVS, GG."
76561198167052960,Recommended,396750,30851378,Posted: 31 March,all,Lifepath,"I enjoy this game a LOT !I can play it for 10 minutes or three hours and that is very convenient for a dad !I needed a game where i can shoot stuff with a sense difficulty i am able to master with practice.I don't mind facing the same ennemies over and over again. I am always happy to blow up drones and fighters.The game is so beautifull, it is a delight !I am a Fan of FTL and even if the games are really different in the game type (one is strategy the other is action) they have things in common i like : you need to stack the odds in your favor : know your ennemy, learn your weapons, hone your skills and try to save your hull at all cost.The sense of urgency you have when exploring an area is great. When the alarm goes of you're like "" man i wanted this crate... am i going for it ? they might have a warp jump inhibitor... in need to get out of this derelict ship fast..."" give a speed boost miss your maneuver,  hit a part of derelict ship... boom... dead.There are so many different bases, asteroid and atmosphere to the different places you fly through it still feels fresh to me after more than ten hours of play...The control of the ship is very easy. It doesn't actually feels like a plane. some might dislike it. I think it makes the game easier to enjoy for most pilots. I think if you want a spaceship simulator you might be disapointed. But if you like to blow up stuff and feel good about it this game delivers big time !I need to blow up fighters every day now, several times a day even !!!"
76561198099849372,Recommended,396750,25506008,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,The C stands for Cancer,"UPDATE 1/16/17:  The game needs inertia dampeners to be turned off optionally.  The game is alot more ""spacey"" and fun when you can  simply drift across the sector, rather than holding down a key (or thumbstick) and wasting energy doing so. As of now one must intentionlly damage the ship and (hopefully) damage that specifc module.Its like Galaxy On Fire 2, except beautiful and with FTL sectors.Game is absolutly visually stunning  and feels natural with a controller.Its like FTL in that you warp sector to sector and gather resources along the way.Gameplay wise:Warp into a sector, explore it, shoot some outlaws, become a pirate if you're suicidal,then warp to the next one. Swap weapons as you find them and upgrade the ship.Sure is fun to zip inside asteroids to flank a swarm of enemies."
,Recommended,396750,25502221,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,hondsgemein,"[Update 2.0] After about 30h: I can't stop playing! Worth every cent.[Update] After about 10h I'm still loving it. Perfect to jump right into and play one run. Dogfighting is really fun. Played at least one run every day since I bought it. Two thumbs up. Will keep on playing and can't wait for the final product.[First Impression] Short first impression after about 1h of playing.The game isn't a freeroaming space sim, instead it plays level-wise from jumpgate to jumpgate where you can select to which point you want to go. This part is similiar to for example FTL.For me, they nailed the controls perfectly. It feels great stearing the ship.Goal seems to be reaching the end point like in FTL. I now had two runs lasting about 30min each, then I got blasted into spacedust by some outlaws.There seems to be some lore here and there, but I'm not sure what the story is by now.Every now and then you'll find asteroids to mine or loot with ship upgrades. Outlaws also drop some loot now and then. There are some trade ships, where you can buy new ship upgrades, weapons or whatever else they have in stock at this very moment.After you died, you keep the money and are able to invest it in percs in the hangar and with that make your ship more powerfull.In my eyes, the visuals are quite stunning. Really like the looks, the feel and the atmosphere of it. Also the controls are perfect for me. I'm playiyng in first person and I got dragged into the game perfectly.So with this, I recommend it thusfar. Will update the review once I played some more."
,Recommended,396750,30172465,Posted: 25 February,all,Peregrine,"A remarkable rogue-like that will remind you of FTL except you're flying the ship instead of commanding it.Beautiful graphics, challenging gameplay, and tons of replayability!Ignore the naysayers who claim abandonware... the devs are active and communicative with plans to release very soon across several platforms.Definitely one to check out!"
76561198001854882,Recommended,396750,31371834,Posted: 26 April,all,Stranger,"EVERSPACE™ is what would happen if Elite Dangerous and FTL had sex, got married, and raised a baby videogame in a stable loving household.If you like spaceship games but you're not so enthused with the looooooong waiting times that are often involved, you'll love Everspace. Play sessions are around 20-45 minutes before your violent death in a fiery explosion, usually due to your own greed or stupidity. After your death you can upgrade your ship depending on how well you did in that session, choosing from things like generator capacity, speed, and even paint jobs.Controls are tight and responsive, graphics are flawless, level design is beautiful, combat is challenging, and the whole experience just feel very slick and polished. This is a quality game that is very good value for 30 bucks."
,Recommended,396750,29487150,Posted: 25 January,all,SirCastic,"you move from system to system, sector to sector exploring ship wreks, exploring big astroids, exploring weird anomalies in space, mining, fighting drones, fighters, giagantic ships, black holes, weird life formsalmost never a dull moment in this game. very much recommended.don't be fooled by the Early Access tag. this game is more than ready in it's current form IMOthe devs are adding more enemies, more stuff, more guns, more materials with every updatesince the dev team seems really good the next list is more of a wish list of things i would love to be added/improved in the game-rework the HUDits a bit overwhelming when yellow and red arrows are all over the place.friendlies should be greenenemies redeverything else is bluewe should be able to filter out these. so during fights i don't want to be bothered with stuff i can pick up. just want to know where my enemies/friends arefurther more the arrows shouldn't go all the way to the end of the screen. they should be closer to center. cause there is a lot of clutter sometimes near the edge. and it just makes focusing in these battles way harder than it should be-Primary weaponswe should be able to choose those from the start. specially after we upgraded the ship to a high levelthe weapons types don't make sense. sometimes flak cannon i is better than flak cannon ii and this goes on to many weapons. either make the changes clear. or let us practice freely with different weaposn and upgrades in a training ground so we can know the difference.-musicmusic in this game is niceish at start but it gets dull very fast. and it's weird because the game enivroment has a maginficient setup for great music. choosing the right tracks to play during various gameplay activities like fighting, exploring, mining should be a killer in this game. so i hope the devs would consider this-mod supportthis game has so much potential for expandibility that i think the dev team should take advantage of that."
76561197989586881,Not Recommended,396750,32509786,Posted: 17 June,all,SBTurvok,"While visually quite engaging, the game is incredibly boring and repetitive. I actually like roguelike games in general. But i'll be honest i'm just not having fun with everspace. Something keeps drawing me back out of boredom of other games. But i can't even make a complete run without getting bored and turning it off to come back and continue later.The game i feel is on the cusp of greatness. There's a bunch of things i like. But enough things missing i feel it takes away from the enjoyment. The backgrounds look very nice. But the variation of the ""rooms"" is so ho-hum i just can't feel all that excited. the same few large asteroids to fly into, derelect space stations, and destroyed ship debris only run so far before it all just gets boring.No radar? i know this is a design choice, but it just feels so off in this type of game to me.I think the thing that bothers me the most is in dogfighting, no matter how skilled you are at flying. you almost can't avoid a percentage of the incomming fire. It feels like it gives the illusion of skill based / but there is some luck to it as well.I can see the appeal to some people of this game, but it just doesn't feel quite right to me. Maybe down the road."
,Recommended,396750,29908590,Posted: 13 February,all,Stranger Warkri,"This game is straight up, beautiful space combat. This is NOT a super in depth space sim like the x series, star citizen or the like, it it for casual space combat fun!I have the whole HOTAS setup, and the head tracking and all that... but sometimes you don't really want to get that involved in a game if you have just a little bit of time. This game is for you if you love the sci-fi settings, beautiful graphics and very intense action.The game does what it does so well, in fact, that you will become upset that they are not taking the game in the direction of a more fully laden 4x space sim, because if it did, it would be one of the best out there! This could be Freelancer 2!!!Let's dive into the pros and consPROS:+Graphics are AWESOME! Tons of special effects and some of the best most detailed textures I have ever seen. This game looks NEXT GEN. The backgrounds look amazing, they do not look static, and it looks like you could literally fly to anything you see (there are invisible borders to keep you in the action though)+ The flying feels good with keyboard and mouse... it literally feels like you are playing a suped up version of Freelancer (if you haven't played it, you should. It's an oldie but a goodie). Everything is responsive, and within a few minutes you feel like you have total control of your craft. Dodging, flipping around, doing strafing runs etc. it's all really intuitive and feels good.+ Dynamic battles. The first few battles are just to get your feet wet, you just blast everyone away. The typical space shooter fare is here, lasers do shield damage, kinetic weapons do hull damage, your components can take damage etc. But they did a really good job of making you have to think about how you engage a group. You will find yourself prioratizing enemies based on your loadout. Maybe you have a missile defense drone, so you ignore the guy launching missiles from 3km away and mop up the close combat drones first, or maybe you have a sliver of hull left so you cannot let your shields dip, so you take on the guys with lasers first. It all matters. The fighting gets really intense when one of your components goes out. It isn't just a small thing either. If your sensor goes out, you pretty much are flying blind, life support goes out... you have minutes to get it fixed or you suffocate.+ Crafting. The first few runs I didn't get too into crafting, but once I had a feel for what each component did I started identifying what things I needed and when. You gather materials through mining or looting, and you use them to build whatever you have blueprints for. After a few plays you get a lot of blueprints which allows you to take on various situations smarter and thus you get further into the game.+ Progression System. After each run, you will have accrued some currency. This can be spent on various upgrades for your ship, or your pilot stats (crit chance, hull, amount of stuff you can carry etc). This keeps you coming back for more, especially when each run has you getting a little closer to your destination! My first few runs I was getting only to the second sector, just recently I got to the last part of the 6th sector before I was wrecked by two capital ships (did manage to take one down).+ Natural hazzards. From Asteroids, Solar Storms, Black Holes, EM Anomolies and more you will run into things that change the gameplay. I have flown through an asteroid field zipping between the tightest spots with guys on my tail, to hear them smash into an asteroid. Same with minefields. Or my favorite, a Solar Storm picks up, get behind cover and watch your enemies scramble, losing their shields, then go in and chew them up with your guns.Cons (as of now)- Cockpit view is static... this is being developed by the devs but as for now it is kind of an eye-soar when seeing how well done the rest of the games graphics etc. are.- 3 ships. There are 3 ships for you to chose from, and while they play/fly completely different (which is good) I am looking forward to seeing more ships in the full game.- Limited factions. You basically have pirates, aliens, and the neutral mining company. It is a lot of fun in massive skirmishes where the civilians are under attack by pirates, then aliens warp in and join the frey... it makes for a lot of beautiful fun. Unfortunately these are the only factions and you cannot change standings etc in any meaningful way other than making the miners mad by killing them lol... they are not to be underestimated though!- This game could easily be SO MUCH MORE. Really! There is an insane amount of potential in this game. Like I said, I have been having a blast with the combat, but that is only going to last for so long. With the SUPERB controls, tons of customization options, Awesome graphics and locations, this COULD BE a top notch full out 4x space sim. Throw in an economy, more factions with standings who battle for ownership of sectors/stations, and a persistent single player experience and this would be the next Freelancer and would be in the running for game of the year in a few categories. Right now, this feels like a ""survival mode"" for a much bigger game.In the end, I highly recommend this game as everything that it does it does right, but the game may not be something you play for the long haul as it is limited in it's design and you will feel like it is the backbone of a game that could be so much more."
76561198162898835,Recommended,396750,25501972,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,HeyListen123,"Have only just started playing but I've been waiting for months for the steam early access release and I have to say I am very impressed so far! Visually the game is stunning and is optimised very well! (Able to achive 60 fps solid, 900p epic settings on a 750ti + 4690k). Content feels a little lacking however but I am sure this will change with time! I think the price is a little steep for an early access title but as mentioned it is very polished. Definate pick up if you are a fan of space in general as the visuals are incredibly immersive and almost have a slight feeling of realism to them!"
,Recommended,396750,26283843,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[S] Halide,"Short version :Imagine FTL as a lavishly-rendered action shooter instead of a semi-turn-based strategy game.  Throw in some very simple crafting elements, a progression system , some delightfully deliberate b-grade voice acting, and you've got everspace.  It's pretty friggin good.Long version :Everspace is a fantastic roguelike space shooter, giving you plenty of variety and versatility right off the bat.  Even in early access, the game looks utterly stunning and offers plenty of variety and content for the average player to tackle, throwing in the benefit of permanent progression in the form of in-game unlocks.  The soundtrack is energetic and well-composed, the voice acting is amusingly cheesy, the sound design is punchy and satisfying, and the whole game comes with an atmosphere befitting of a fast-paced space shoot-em-up.That aside, you've got plenty of playstyles to choose from, and plenty of enemies to keep in mind.  There are sniper-like cannons for picking off the weak, heavy blasters for chewing up enemies in a brawl, flak cannons for tearing up clustered enemies, pulse lasers, beam lasers, gatling guns, scatterguns, homing blasters, a huge rack of missiles, and a BFG-like weapon that serves as a terribly satisfying '♥♥♥♥ you' button.  To make matters even more interesting, you can tweak and upgrade your ship with passive and active upgrades, and then upgrade those upgrades to better suit your playstyle.  It's not just about the pew-pew-pew, there's a lot you can do with just one little ship and the right blueprints.But don't think you're the only one who gets to take advantage of those weapons and upgrades.  You'll find them being turned against you the further you progress, and suddenly come to appreciate just how much it sucks to be hit with some of them.  But, even when you've died, you've got a huge wad of cash to blow on permanent (albeit minor) upgrades to your ship, so you can go back in all the stronger and apply what you've learned.So far, the developer seems to be sticking to the game and providing regular and significant updates, and even with the amount of time I've spent in this game, I'm still finding reasons to be surprised, impressed, and thoroughly pleased.I wholly reccomend this title at the $30 asking price, and would call it a must-own at any point it's on sale."
,Recommended,396750,31092381,Posted: 12 April,all,Svenski,"I read a lot of reviews before buying this game, being early access and all, and also generally getting ripped off when it comes to space combat games in the past few years.  I picked this up when it was on sale for 15% off (think I payed $23?) and I decided it was completely worth it.  The first few runs were pretty lame, I died super fast and had no idea what was going on.  But my 5th run went REALLY well and I earned enough credits to buy a second ship, which is when I started really having fun with my auto-turret and drones.The moment I decided the game was worthwhile was the first time I encountered a black hole.  It was entirely terrifying.  It was in Sector 3 and I had come a long way, so I really didn't want to die at that point.  I can't explain why but it was the most terrifying experience I've had in a video game in a LONG time.  Something about it was super eerie... uncanny... very atmospheric.Not sure the game is entirely worth the full price, but if you're a Space combat kind of person who appreciates beautiful space scenery and blasting sh*t with lasers and rockets, it's worth a buy.  Just get through the first few runs and it will pick up pretty quick.   Good luck :)"
,Recommended,396750,25568257,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,sibrit,"I read an article on Kotaku that coincided with the release of the new trailer and it looked good enough to give it a go.That was Saturday, and by the end of Sunday night I've spent 24 hours in-game.I really like the keyboard controlled 6 degrees of movement, and the mouse look is responsive, fast and precise. Makes dogfights between asteroids a lot of fun and you soon learn how to straff to avoid incoming fire while keeping the beam laser on your target.The resource gathering side of it is important, as it lets you build different weapons, upgrade the ones you have, refill your supply of missiles or mines, and repair critical systems if they become too damaged, but it will take several runs to build up enough blueprints to make a decent difference.Even without the constant threat of Okkar Interceptors appearing after a period of time, in high risk sectors you still have to judge whether to stay for a few more units of Ore, Gas or Crystals, or make a run for it. Worse if you find that Station you sorely need but it refuses to deal with you due to nearby combat.I think I am now onto my 30th clone, and can usually reach sector 5 with only a little bit of luck, but sometimes there is nothing you can do but die, in a variety of interesting ways, although dying because I boosted into a solid object rather than targetting the enemy is getting a bit old.I can't really say that there is anything I dislike about Everspace, apart from the fact that it isn't finished, so I will continue to enjoy Early Access while Rockfish keep adding/polishing until final release."
76561198023047699,Recommended,396750,32827098,Posted: 26 June,all,Frankenllama,"To everyone comparing this, and to those reading the comments thinking that this is ANYTHING like Freelancer, it's not. By far and away its not even close other than they are both set in space...What this IS, however, is basically space Dark Souls. It will beat your♥♥♥♥♥and have you crawling back for more.10/10 would get confused by the black hole and fly into it again."
,Recommended,396750,25550776,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,raskull,Bought this game within 30 seconds of seeing it on the Steam Store with no previous knowledge that it ever existed. It's a miracle I didn't regret buying it.
76561198007535022,Recommended,396750,31124544,Posted: 13 April,all,Martin Silenus,"I will give Everspace a cautious recommendation.For me, as a fan of both the Freelancer and Galaxy on Fire (from back when it was on feature phones, boy it's been a long time since I played that), this game is great - it handles pretty much the same as Freelancer and combat is really satisfying.However, the game is a bit dry ATM. There are few really exciting things to find - it's mostly about just steadily raising your power level and fighting through more difficult enemies. There is no really awesome loot to find, no surprising and exciting encounters - just steady progress.From the technical standpoint the game is great - everything looks nice and polished, skyboxes are beautiful and overall it's pleasant to look at.If the developers add a little more oomph to the game - more cool stuff to find, more interesting enemies to fight - it will be incredible. For now I would recommend it, if you are okay with very gradual pacing, or you are a Freelancer fan like me."
,Recommended,396750,26455207,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Nadeox1,"Are you looking into a space game with fast-paced combat and with an easy learning curve?You found it!Pros:- Beautiful visuals- Good voice acting- Awesome soundtrack- Interesting level design- Simple but immediate gameplay- Very polished for being an Early Access title- Easy controls- No multiplayer, no annoyance. A big plus for meNeutral:- Upgrading your ship will require many playthroughs. Upgrade can be costly, but on the other side that will push you go play more and more :)"
,Recommended,396750,25732306,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Kate,"GraphicsCan't complain about theUnreal Engine 4. The different systems look absolutely stunning and are packed full of little details like debris, asteroids, destroyed space stations and other factions, doing their business. Effects are decent and the explosions look absolutely stunning. I was afraid if the bloom is too high, because many space games nowadays tend to crank it up to the max but it's perfectly balanced. There are planets (skybox; you can't land on them), gas clouds, huge astoroid fields and even ""space lightning"". I was killed way to often because I just sat there, mouth wide open and gazing the scenery.SoundSound effects are nice; the ship engine makes a fine fuzzy vibrato when you have a good sound system installed. Explosions and weapon sounds are good, but the lasers sound a little too like the ordinary ""pew pew"". Maybe more oomph would do the trick. Speech output is well done and the AI in your ship is a lovable sarcastic little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.MusicYou can argue if the music is good or not; personally I don't like it, because I grew up with Star Wars and need epic orchestralic hymns during space battles and have no favour for industrial/techno/rock music whatsoever. So I really can't say anything about the music and only give a personal opinion.ControlsI use keyboard and mouse controls, because I'm used to play ""shooters"" with these. I tried the XBOX360 gamepad, but threw it on my bed after I was killed by one single enemy fighter, because I'm too slow and to inaccurate whilst shooting. But with the keyboard and mouse it works. Think of Descent or other space shooters. Forward, backwards, up and down, left and right, rolling ... you're in space after all; you can fly wherever you want.GameplayThe first few runs you're getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked on a regular basis, because it's hard. Very hard. Enemies are overwhelming and show no mercy. But after you died, you can spend your money and blueprints to upgrade your ship so that you're ready for another run and hopefully kick some more asses on the way to your destination. (Whatever that will be.) Be aware that this is a hard und unforgiving game and that you can be lucky from the start or doomed.Personal opinionI can recommend this game to everybody who likes games like FTL and Sublevel Zero or any of those Strike Suite games. It's fast, it's hard and it runs in smooth 60 FPS on ultra, even on a GTX770. [My GPU: GTX1080] Get this game, support the developers, crack a few beers open and be prepared for hours of sadistic fun and bliss."
76561198052267957,Not Recommended,396750,32146493,Posted: 3 June,all,ian.hendry,"Its great fun for the 1st 4-5 hours, but then you realise there's little depth to it.Chief reason for this seems to be that the Rogue-like mode is not as well done as the much-compared-to FTL. In Everspace you need to replay multiple times to slowly build up your craft via replay after replay (after replay) to reach the point where are finally tough enough to progress to the next sector.Whereas in FTL you always start from the same low base, but actually have a chance to complete it staright up if your play your cards right.  The result is Everspace feels like slowly headbutting a brick wall, sure eventually you'll dent it a bit and finally break through but - damn! - that repetiveness is going to be painful!!!Kudos though for the graphics and sound, beauitfully done devs - you just need to work on a better form of Roguelike or a different story mission approach,"
,Recommended,396750,32006600,Posted: 27 May,all,giparra,"I've followed the development since the early access, and each expansion brought a pletora of fixes and features. This is a key example of an Early Access gone the best possible way and that deserves praise on its own. KUDOS TO THE DEV TEAM!!Pros:-It provides what it promises-It looks amazing-Great variety in gameplay styles.-Fights and puzzles are on par, and for once, they do require skills (-or rockets-).-The characters are interesting.-Fair price-It may be even to cheap for the overall quality, considering the state of the market. Of course, they had the kickstarter campaign, but it also feels like the starting platform for a more ambitious project.Cons:-dogfights can get a bit messy, more aim support could have been a feature. Perhaps a form of craftable.-the after-launch story didn't appealed to much to me, but hey, as I said, the personality of the AI and your pilot are interesting on their own."
76561198300725787,Recommended,396750,35091204,Posted: 20 September,all,Mok Sith,"Beautiful game. Easy to learn. Arcade not sim.If you are looking for a space flight/combat sim, this is not it.If you are looking for a casual action shooter set in a space fighter theme, then this is for you.I ended up refunding the game. I bought it under the wrong understanding. Bad youtube suggestion. But I do not want to not recommend the game and lower it's score. It is what it is. So, I will leave a YES as a recommendation.It is just not the game I was looking for."
,Recommended,396750,32127820,Posted: 2 June,all,@Dicky Spanish,"Really good game playing in VR, has a few problems but that's far outweighed by the positive. This is a VR review and after the latest patch but judge by date on review as hopefully things will keep improving.pros:Looks fantastic in VRrunning epic or ultra settings with a 1080gtx and runs well no problem at all.no long journeys between missions just get in, fight, scavenge and get outdogfights are funGood upgrade and perk systemsConsHas that shimmering look on all edges, unreal engine so typical.Text is either fine to read or looks like Stevie Wonders Bio written by himselfThe story cutscenes are the easy way out,  just a screen with the scene on it, hate this in VROverall a great game and plenty of fun in VR for more of a more action less simulation type game."
,Recommended,396750,29753694,Posted: 6 February,all,wardeagz,"In short:- FTL meets Freelancer- Simple design, yet higly replayable- Fairly challenging right off the bat- Various hazards (no spoilerz)- Tounge-in-cheek humour- Decent crafting elements- Onboard AI calls me a dumb*ssGotta love it!"
76561198055775816,Recommended,396750,34705227,Posted: 3 September,all,ASTRNAUT Watney,"Outstanding piece of entertainment! Ticks all the boxes that make an easily accessable, addicting and rewarding game. Additionally, the visuals are stunning and if you're an Elite: Dangerous addict like me, you'll love playing in first person mode.To some, this game may seem ""repetitive"" initially, but you MUST stick with it for a few more levels. The enemies will become more interesting, you will run into crazy boss fights and conceptually fascinating environmental hazards as far as black holes only a few hundred metres in diameter (yes those exist). The story is quite intriguing as well, and the light hearted humour will be the first thing to pull you into it!Get this game, it is very well priced!"
,Recommended,396750,25502718,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Duke Of Jam,"Havent played much yet, but from what i have, its kinda of like an action oriented FTL. The direct control of the ship allows for manuevering and combat is pretty fun and fluid. currently only one ship is avalible and im looking forward to what new ships they release. UI's are good and self explanatory and the tutorial catches you up quickly on how to play the game. had one minor issuing when i had an empty slot in my inventory and i pressed A on it and it caused the game to briefly freeze, and i was able to repeat this, but at least i didnt have to restart it, just wait a few seconds. So if you like FTL, with a total hands space combat, with a little less dialogue, you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,396750,25506041,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Revlotion,"My first impression of this game was $30 and just came out? No reviews or anthing on this game yet? How did I find this game? *adds to steam library* and a fantastic add it was. As a fan of the roguelike genre this game hits it out of the park. The skill cap is high, fighting is fun and rewarding, AI factions will fight each other (take that NMS), and collecting resources is necessary since baddies get badder.Some little things I enjoy about this game are: crashing into the supply boxes, crashing into items I already have, and crashing into asteroids as I accidentally turbo bost into them.So far the only complaints I have about this game are: limited content, lack of context to what is happeningbut I do enjoy when the robot never tells you where you're going, that is awesome. And all these sort of things will all, if not mostly, be worked out by the devs since it is super early access.Ignore the pricetag of the game because that shouldn't have anything to do with how fun it is, support the devs, by the game, and have a blast"
76561198022318021,Recommended,396750,25613115,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Zyren,"Not really into writing reviews, but for this game I made an exception.THIS GAME IS THE SPIRITUAL SUCCESSOR TO FTL!Let me repeat. Nay, let me complete the statement. If FTL were intentionally built to have superb graphics and live action space combat, this would be the resulting game. You can feel its influence in almost every facet of the game, and in the very best of ways. If you even remotely liked FTL...if you've been dying to scratch that ever elusive ""space game"" itch...if you like rogue-likes...this is the game for you.I bought this game because it currently stood at 300-something positive reviews and 19 negative. I'm no math whiz, but thats a damn good percentage of satisfied customers. Customers like me, who enjoyed the game so much that they came back to rave of its success. And that's exactly what it is, a success.Pay no mind to the talk of these ""bugs"". So far, I have not encountered even a single one. Pay no mind that it's Early Access. As it stands, this game already ranks in my top 5 rogue-likes of all time. And guess what, it's not even finished yet. With the promised addition of more ships and a story mode, this game has an interesting future indeed.As for the price, yeah it's $30. Sure that may seem steep, but the beautiful graphics, tightness and customization of controls, music and atmosphere, crafting system, the progression of ship upgrades...it's worth it. The way I look at it...I'm helping these competent developers finish their already fantastic game. And once you buy in, I assure you that you'll feel the same way.So quit sitting on the fence, get this game, and strap in...bc you're about to have the space gaming adventure that you've been waiting for.---EDIT: As an addendum to the previously written review, it was pointed out that the reference to FTL may be misleading...and thus not as ""helpful"". If you've watched the videos regarding this game, you should be able to tell that this is *NOT* FTL 2. This is a game with lots of action, and the thrill of piloting your own ship from the cockpit...which in this gamer's humble opinion is the best thing about it. The gameplay is exactly as smooth and tight as the videos describe, and every playthrough is its own adventure. 8 additional hours played since my first initial review, and I'm still loving every minute of Everspace. Definitely a must have for the Space game enthusiast! Cheers! :)"
76561198072096845,Recommended,396750,25502498,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Grae3107,Only had a couple of hours in game so far.  I find Everspace to be a fun space combat game and the graphics are georgous all set on epic.  It does take a little perserverance as I found myself dying a lot at the beginning.  Now that I have a few perks upgraded combat is becoming a little more even.  It is challening and I have only made it to sector 2 a few times.Decisions have to be made with loot drops for weapons and equipment as you can only equip so many which makes some choices interesting.  Good thing is you can salvage the ones you don't want to get resources back.Worth a look as it is in early access and will only get better.PS.  Better than No Man's Sky.
76561197997013529,Recommended,396750,30578968,Posted: 17 March,all,Stupid fat hobbit,"Well, this game is hard =D 40 deaths and farming for scout ship upgrades+player upgrades on easy. Reched 5 zone max. I really like the graphics and maps ( of course wish that one could set map size *4 or control its size and enemy count - I know we have difficulty levels for that). There is much content already to keep player busy and getting perks takes some time.Maybe getting gunship will help with swarms of drones/fighters at later stage :)Random quests (although feels repetitive?) are cool - good voice.Few things that bug me:- On blue maps blue icons for tech and other containers are not visible, similarly on maps with a lot of visuals (storm) I guess one could hold alt for big red icons?- I don't like too much that some items are only for gunship..I guess there could be energy cost making it harder to use on other ships but still doable after energy upgrades etc- I like the idea of drones, as disablers, but the damage they deal is not reasonable- I wonder if you could activate destruction model for some/all debris/asteroids- Auto aim for missle turrets out of line of sight omg :D- Might be good to add more BFG type weapons (like consuming a lot of energy short beam or black hole generator)- You could add unlock skill levels(or add a dozen more) for some or all skills with diminishing returns - and for higher replayability."
,Recommended,396750,30797178,Posted: 28 March,all,My_Monkey_Balls,"This game has the most satisfying flight and combat controls I've played.Navigation is pleasant, intuitive and smooth. Combat is fun, challenging and diverse.It makes me keep coming back for the upgrades and going a little further, and overall mechanics change a lot depending on your ship and play style.However, if you like space sims where you get to trade, free roam, visiting distant spots and building fleets, than this game is not for you.Though it has solid space game controls and UI, this game is essencially roguelike, not space sim.Make your run for about half hour, die, upgrade, start again."
76561197989124273,Recommended,396750,31976451,Posted: 26 May,all,True Monolith,"Was a sceptic at first but I really like this game. It's a sci-fi space shooter that puts combat and survival first and does not get tangled up with stuff that you don't need.If you are like me and loved games like Freelancer but got disappointed by games like Elite:Dangerous, this game is for you!"
76561198045663017,Recommended,396750,25520228,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MackH,"If you've been waiting for a good space game, I highly recommend Everspace. It's a fantastic game.My only issue with it is there is no HOTAS support, devs pleaseeeee..."
,Recommended,396750,25507921,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Kay K Kay,"lets just say i picked up the game because i been wanting space combat. I played it for a bit only to realize ive already spent 2 hours and never did the word"" refund"" crossed my mind while playing it. Theres potential in this, i hope the devs keep on working on it. Also the graphics are beautiful at 1440p at 60fps. As any Early Access rogue lite, you will die a ton but its part of the experience in order to be a master pilot. Thumbs up"
,Recommended,396750,32093444,Posted: 31 May,all,Serjoe,"Everspace is an addicting rogue like spaceshooter. Its like FTL but instead of commanding a crew you fly a spacefighter in 3D graphics. The controls are really good and the spacebattle dont get boring, at least for me.I liked that its not so RNG intensive like FTL. The success of your playthrough depends on a lot of random events but also on on your personal skill. You dodge/shoot enemy missiles, cover behind asteroids and use a lot of items situational.There are many upgrades to collect that give you motivation to make another playthrough.  The story is not overwhelming but also not that bad and it fits perfectly with the rogue like concept. Its also a nice motivation for progression.If you dont know what a rogue like game is then be aware that this game is quite hard and dying a lot and restarting is part of the gameplay. Its challenging and can be frustrating but also very rewarding."
76561197971118965,Recommended,396750,31696402,Posted: 11 May,all,query_squidier,"This game reminds me of one of the very first, best space shooters: Wing Commander. EVERSPACE™ is obviously well beyond Wing Commander but the dogfighting feels the same. As a pilot flying around in space with hostiles to dogfight, you gather resources to repair, upgrade weapons, and generally outfit your spaceride as best you can. 'Cause you only get one shot at this.There's a slight learning curve but it's akin to learning how to snowboard. You're going to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you for the first ten games or so but once you get a feel for it, the next thing you know you're gonna be flying around in 3D space just like you were driving to work.Every game is different: it's a rogue-like, and what weapons and resources you find dictate how well you're gonna roll. Getcha a Flak Cannon in Sector 1? It's a good day.Great game. Addictive. Immersive. The sounds is great, final explosions are satsifying. The AI talks a bit early on and for the vast majority of encounters doesn't say anything stupid and once got me to chuckle. The player's character is voiced too and it's well done, but there's been a couple times he gets a little too worked up over a couple shieldless drones.This game is in Early Access but feels well polished.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,396750,33769133,Posted: 24 July,all,Pelandes,"EVERSPACE. The real-time time first-person FTL I never knew I wanted but that I'm so glad I found, almost by accident. Let me be clear here: this is not Elite Dangerous or Star Citizen. This is what happens if you apply the looks and flight mechanics of the former to FTL-style core mechanics. And the result is glorious.In EVERSPACE, you are Adam Roslin, a pilot flying a fighter-esque ship through space to a destination he doesn't know why he's going to, acompanied by a deadspan snarker AI. You explore the beacons you arrive to in search of resources, fuel and stuff to equip in your ship, and then jump to the next beacon, eventually to the next sector, and finally to your destination in Sector 7. The problem? You are esentially trespassing into a neutral, demilitarized zone created because of a conflict that just ended, and you have apparently♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a lot of people that are coming after you. Add to the list numerous bandits populating the sectors you visit, a very hostile enviroment filled with natural hazzards, and the fact that the people policing the neutral area are not too happy with your presence there and will eventually send disproportional amounts of reinforcements to hunt you, should you linger for too long in the same place; you get a very hard game in which you will die a lot. But that's part of the fun of it.Gameplay-wise, the game is a rougeLITE, not a rougueLIKE. The distintion is fuzzy, but it has generated enough discussion already and I don't wan't in, so let's call it a rougelite for the time being. You select one of three ships and a loadout for it (the loadouts are unlocked getting to far sectors with each ships, but the two additional ships other that the default must be bought with Credits), and you get dropped into a randomply-generated universe and start running towards the goal. When you die, or reach the end (although the former seems more likely), you start over but retain all your Credits that you obtained on this run, which you can then spend on an upgrade tree for your ships, so that each itineration is stronger than the last. It should be noted that unlike other games like this, you can craft stuff for your ship with the resources that you find, and that the blueprints that you find for that purpose are also carried over to your future playthroughs.The story, while I can't tell you much without spoiling the entire premise, is very well crafted. Unlike FTL, the story does not reset for every playthough, but rather the fact that you die but somehow return to try again is incorporated in the lore and the story continues throughout multiple itinerations of attempts, and you only fight the final boss at the very end of the story (I'm 30 runs in, three of which were ""succesful"", and still haven't met it because there is a set of steps that I must complete beforehand, and it's going to take a few trips more).+ The game is absolute eye candy. Who though that a rougelite could be so beautiful.+ The gameplay is addicting enough to make me play for 40-od hours in the last few weeks and I don't regret anything. Enough said.+ In your travels, you'll find four factions of NPCs: the Outlaws (space pirates on scrappy-looking ships with resilient hulls), the G&B Corporation (scary-powerful ships but thankfully neutral to you unless you break their stuff), the Okkar (the alliens policing the neutral zone, great shield power but laughable hulls) and the Ancients (non-ship mysterious foes that wander space and will attack everything on sight). Each faction has varied units at their dispossal, big and small, which poblate the beacons you explore.+ While your ship has the usual Shield+Hull health bars (if the latter goes out, you're toast), it also has multiple systems that can be damaged during a fight, giving you significan (and appropiate) debuffs until you spend resources repairing them. There's even a special natural hazzard which will slowly deactivate all of them, one by one, until you leave the beacon. That can go downhill FAST.+ I honestly cannot get enough of the AI's companion. Dude's hillarious.+ You can go into first-person cockpit mode, and deactivate all HUD elements so that you fly using your ship's dashboard as your atual HUD, which is awesome and very inmersive. Ever since I found out, I've playing like that.- Much like FTL, the pool for randomly generated stuff to fill the beacons is limited, and you are eventually run out of new things to see. It's still big enough so that there isn't too much repetition, but here I can't just install the Captain's Edition mod and get a bunch of new content, just like that.- The controls are... challenging. I spent my first three hours getting used to them and adjusting everything in my power, while getting repeteadly pummeled by enemy ships because didn't know how the dogfighting worked. Now I do, but that took some effort on my behalf.- It should be noted that all ships you flight are small. The biggest one is a Gunship with one autonomous turret and large drone capacity, but that is no cruiser either. I've got used to it, but this might be a let-down for some people.This game gets a well-dereved 9 out of 10. I definetely got my money's worth, and more."
76561198055680898,Recommended,396750,25511316,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Tharsis,Take FTL and make it into a space dogfighter and you get Everspace. Amazingly beautiful and addicting to play. Even with only one ship available right now this game takes concepts that work great and combine them in a unique way.
76561198009555381,Not Recommended,396750,32305999,Posted: 9 June,all,Slobbergoat,"Seemed enticing initially but even after only playing the game for about five hours there is far too little variety in graphical design and enemy encounters, with the same dozen or so bases and encounter types repeating constantly regardless of how deep into the game one goes.The roguelike features seem to be more of an excuse due to the game's tendancy to set up widely varying encounter difficulties at random points but unlike traditional roguelike games the combat elements are too simplistic to be engaging."
,Recommended,396750,30654034,Posted: 21 March,all,Fr0st_P1xel,"Sooo everplayed doom? the new one? well this is that with spaceships and gets REALLY REALLY difficult after sector 3 on hard difficulty (sectors are basically levels) and you start to encounter multiple of those almost unkillable enemy ships.Should you buy it as of now?I would say wait for it to have more updates and see where this is going. This is a really promising game and at its current stage for what it is, it is really great.Following are my views on certain aspects:Graphics +Gameplay +Difficulty ++Content -+ (They could use some more content as this updates)Varity of equipment + (however, in the future they will need to and probaly will add more of it for our ships)Hmmm, what else...Don't really think I need to say anything else.If you have any other questions regarding the game just ask them here :D I will see if my current experience with this game can answer you :)P.S: There is a considerable amount of griding and it increases as you start getting towards end game (in terms of upgrades)"
,Recommended,396750,25548757,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Screwyluie,"I don't write many reviews, well any really. However this is unique. This is the first really good space game we've had in many years. It looks like Freelancer, has game mechanics from FTL, and has the arcade flight feel. Mixed with a really well thought out Roguelite perma death, even in this early stage I've found it impossible to stop playing.It's beautiful proceedurally generated sectors, fun flying, and real sense of accomplishment as you progress have me hooked and I really can't wait to see what else the devs have in store for us."
,Recommended,396750,26636539,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ben1000bhp,"I have followed this game for awhile, only buying it now out of bordem and hype. While I do this waiting for the full release may be a good idea, you still get a great game even now, though you can see afew things that are still waiting on the content that time brings. The control are amazing though I had to turn down the senitivity which makes use the menu annoying (Please add separate menu and control senitivity). The graphics are amazing, and with 12 Devs it seems insane how good it is. As you progress though the sectors (which are randomly generated for each run) they get harder, so it becomes this race between you getting better stuff and more deadly sh*t trying to kill you. If you played the Galaxy on Fire series (I only played GoF2 but still) you will remember the voice actors and it does make afew refences to it past. Despite being in early access the game runs smoothly, with only FPS drop I had is when I blew up a massive alien frigate, to which I then died to all it's reinforcements. All in all this game seems to be one of the few games that is living up to the hype train (at least the one I was riding) that it has created for itself. Best of luck to the Devs of this game, you have a gem of a game here, Don't screw it up."
76561198015794228,Recommended,396750,29434751,Posted: 22 January,all,BBQ Sauce,"Best graphics & most enjoyable game I have played in a long time. Well done ROCKFISH. If you are on the fence for this game, pull the trigger.50+ hours & only a single crash, this is already a polished product."
,Recommended,396750,30025672,Posted: 18 February,all,TheWizerdWarrior,I love this game. It is like the embodyment of the older arcade games and newer ideas and technological limits of today. The level system really keeps this game from geting dull while still making it feel open and divers. There is almost never a dull moment and the scenery is just awesome. I really like the loot system and rpg feel that this game has as far as weapon loot and ship/pilot upgrades. The only thing that i think would make the game better for me is being able to change your starting equipment. I think once you find the blueprint for a weapon it should be available not only to craft but to equip in the starting menu. I can't wait to see what the developers will come up with next. Definatly one of my favorite space shooters in recent years.
,Recommended,396750,30862367,Posted: 31 March,all,🐉 Chairman Meow 🐉✅,"Initially put off by the perma death rougue like element. But it''s awesome! The more runs you do the more of a game it becomes. Every new run theres something new to see or do, because of how the stats and perks carry over after death. Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys space flight dog fights, not what i expected in a really good way!"
76561198162168700,Recommended,396750,32069381,Posted: 30 May,all,Torleif Augustus,"Everspace is not mindless fun. Rather, it’s mindful fun - gathering, crafting, making risk assessments as to whether or not to use a consumable/missile-type now or later, whether that 4% drainage on your energy-core is worth that little extra range on your primary weapon, whether to use that highly effective though rare bomb on a ship suppressing your jump-range, and so on.There’s a lot of stuff like that in Everspace, and no doubt a good chunk of your gameplay will revolve around it. For some people that can be a lot of fun. But for others it will detract from what they had hoped would primarily be a fun space-shooter, which it is, but only about 20% of the time. So consider it a warning.Though the crafting and planning bit isn’t very complex, you are still very much dependant on paying attention to it in order to progress. Some nifty items or missiles can mean life or death in the tougher sectors, and it will benefit you to keep this in mind, especially as gathering materials becomes increasingly risky as you make it into sectors overrun by enemy swarms, singularities and lightning storms.The game has a non-negotiable permadeath mode (though you get to keep credits, blueprints etc. for upgrading your next ship), a mechanism which makes for some truly thrilling space-combat, even more so as you are constantly pursued by the Okkar, an alien spacefaring civilisation that is trailing behind you with a bigass armada. Time is always a constraint, and if you linger too long or find yourself unable to make the next jump, you’ll feel the pressure in a way most other games won’t let you. There is no save and reload here - if you’ve spent 2-3 hours fighting and scavenging your way into the tougher sectors, then the Okkar fleet and its accompanying ‘star-destroyers’ will push you to limit. And it will be wonderful.Permadeath adds spice to the combat and it’s just plain exhilarating when you’re fighting for your life - flicking in and out of asteroid fields, dodgings missiles, deploying drones, laying mines or charging head first into a cluster of enemies to expend all your missiles in order to kill that one drone-carrier when its shields are finally down. You weigh risks and make bets all the time, and it feels significant because any mistakes you make aren’t just remedied by a simple reload to a checkpoint five min previous. For some of us this mechanism works really well, but for others it will be a huge turn-off. Again, you are warned.So these are the two potentially divisive features of the game: plenty of resource gathering and permadeath. Keep them in mind if you're planning a purchase. If you aren’t bothered by these things then I can recommend Everspace with a big thumbs up."
76561198150144955,Recommended,396750,25587445,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,mgusgusm,"Even in early access and lacking so many features still is worth buying. It is what you expect it to be. So far it is very addictive, and I only have reached sector 3 (3.5h game time). I does something very well, that every rogue-like should do in my opinion. Every run is fun to play, no matter the progress you make, and that's it. The unlocks and the story keep it fresh, and make it deep enough.Oh, did I say it's kinda hard if you are not experienced (like myself) with space simulators at the beginning? Although it is very ""arcady"" I felt it was challenging, but I loved the combat mechanics after a couple of hrs. Yeah I suck :)Just try it, it is a welcome aproach to the rogue-like genre"
76561197992674721,Recommended,396750,25543150,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DDD,"Ok so let me start of by saying i'm not a die hard fan of space games, but this is something special.First, yes, the graphics are stellar, Unreal Engine 4 Megaboosted and very well optimised, your eye retina will do some good bounces here.Gameplay : F**** Fast paced, responsive, fluid, and just amazingly simple to master.Sound : Great futuristic sountrack and amazing sound effects that blow your mind.Overall, game seems already complete, it looks that good, but still in early access so its gonna evolve even more ??? omg i cant wait to see....."
,Recommended,396750,25528846,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Skitt,"Best Early Access purchase I've ever made in my entire life. NOT a Roguelike or Rogue-like. Roguelite Space Shooter would be what I'd call it. A little pricey for an EA game, but I have a feeling once the game is at Version 1.0, that $30 will be well worth it!The game currently (9/16/16) runs well, has a good amount of content, looks good, and has the immense potential to be a must buy. Give it a shot, You'll know within 2 hours if it's your type of game. If it's not, refund it."
76561197994959218,Recommended,396750,32180998,Posted: 4 June,all,chaosavy,"Wow! To me this is a classic in the ""space sim"" genre.At first you are basically brute forcing everything with missiles - then dying about 10-20 mins after they are gone. Resources don't matter much because you don't have many items to craft yet. You start getting further and further into the sectors, learning the enemies, your equipment and ship(s). As you find more and more blueprints, resources start being put to good use and upgrading your ship/self makes things easier and more controllable in terms of the game's difficulty. Then you start analyzing the risk/reward for engaging in combat - to get loot - or escapting to preserve your ship/self - at the cost of fuel.Great game! Very addicitve!Finally - to me - a ""rogue-lite"" that is fairly balanced in terms of difficulty/progression per run."
76561198059842963,Recommended,396750,33677766,Posted: 20 July,all,Rookpawn,"+ A Star-Trek story (like old TOS and TNG).+ Star-wars like spatial fighting (e.g. X-wing starfighter).+ Breath-holdingly marvelous cosmic scenes.+ Painful but encouraging exploration.+ Highly replayable.- NO multiple online mode.""It is a game for two kinds of people to utterly enjoy: core player and spatial game enthusiast, or both. Otherwise, it could be incredibly frustrating and boring.""Personally, 9.7/10."
,Recommended,396750,32015485,Posted: 28 May,all,saunderez,"Everspace mashes together the rogue-like and space sim and the result is a ridiculously addictive game that is highly polished and keeps you wanting to come back for more. Your ship controls like a dream, making zipping around salvaging and skirmishing in the gorgeous expanse that is space a whole lot of fun. Borrowing elements such as the progression system from FTL, stat persistance from Rogue Legacy, and the intuitive controls of Freespace, Everspace is much more than the sum of it's parts and is a welcome entry in both the roguelike and space sim genres."
,Recommended,396750,32051752,Posted: 29 May,all,Big Sir,"This game has become my new addiction. Easily the most fun I've had playing a computer game in a long, long while. There are games out there that I would recommend only buying if they are on sale, but this is not one of them. If you enjoyed FTL: Faster Than Light, or are a fan of rogue likes at all, then you are missing out if you're not playing this.This is NOT an Early Access project, NOR is it some Kickstarter Crap that tries to pretend to be a finished game. Everspace is a Work of Art that can (and most likely will) shut you in your room all day until you look at your clock and realize you should have been in bed four hours ago.If you've ever told yourself, ""I'll just eat one Oreo and that'll be it,"" and then ended up eating the whole package, that's what Everspace is like. Except, instead of Oreos, it's hours of your life and instead of getting fat, you have tons and tons of fun.What really strikes me about this game is that everything about the combat is so smooth. In other games that involve airplanes or spaceships fighting eachother, each fight typically devolves into a turning battle: each player is trying to turn as hard as they can in order to get behind the other and shoot them in the butt. That never happens in Everspace and it's one of the reasons it's so enjoyable.Before you start playing though, I'd like to share a couple tips regarding perks and the order you should buy them in.The first thing you should max out of Rare Loot Chance. This will make finding all the blueprints much easier.After that, if you're not sure what to buy, it's typically better to buy a Pilot perk instead of a Ship perk because Pilot perks are non-exclusive.Lastly, when you move on to the big Gunship, the fist thing you should max out is Drone Efficiency. This is because having all three drones out is super important for damage and survivability. The drones having shields and being repaired 10% each jump also makes them last much, much longer, saving you resources, and making your run last longer.Another tip, when you're using the Shock Rifle, pay attention to the color of your crosshairs. If they are red, the shot is guaranteed to connect. For a while, I thought the weapon was weak because I didn't know how I was supposed to use the weapon's extreme range and hit enemies that were only a few pixles large on my screen. It's possible, it's actually pretty easy when you get the hang of it, and it's fun to turn red dots into blue ones.Last tip, and I will try to be non-spoilery, but there is an enemy around mid way through the game that you will encounter, it is orange, teleports around, and makes a black hole when it dies. I didn't know this the first time, but THE BLACK HOLE KILLS YOU IF YOU FLY INTO IT.I recommend this game 100%, go play it.Go play it!"
,Recommended,396750,25579143,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Spleez0rz,"So, I'm about 5 hours in and I have to admit, I'm definitely liking this game.  Notwithstanding the fact that it's a little bare bones (but, come on, it's an early access game), it's exactly what I would want out of a space-faring Rogue-like.  So, without further ado:(Let's start with the bad news first):CONS-Some items seem to have an inconsistent activation.  For instance, when equipping the Tracter Beam, sometimes items simply won't be pulled aboard unless you are right on top of them, and some are pulled in when you're the appropriate distance away.  I've seen similar inconsistencies in damage reduction and hull enhancements.-Enemy variation is extremely limited.  Two different factions, and their drones, are pretty much it.  I would love to see more variation.-Inventory is alittle...off?Hitting the TAB key gets you into your inventory and other control tabs.  However, the inventory is just a little discombobulated.  Additionally, it's not easily evident what components you need to craft some items.  Maybe a Crafting tab with an inventory all of its own (both components, ""recipes,"" and completed items?PROS-Controls are butter smooth.  Also, at least when using a mouuse and keyboard, they are exactly what you would expect,  both in mappings as well as the threshold.  I.e. strafing has a good feel to it and actually is a good tactical option for avoiding attackers!-Grapics are pretty decent.  I'm not looking for Star Citizen level graphics when playing a game like this but they are detailed enough to be pretty, but reduced enough where frame rates rarely drop noticeably.-The universe itself.  There is a lot of fun exploring the remnants of large battles and having your computer buddy tell you about how the war ended up being one of attrition.  Seeing crashed trader ships in the middle of an asteroid (and similar scenes) is just a great add and makes exploring fun.-Progress pace.  It sucks in the beginning, it really does.  Your ship might as well be made out of tissue paper, and your shields might as well be static electricity.  But a few clones later, and you're making it to jump after jump.  There is a very good feeling of accomplishment.THINGS I CAN'T WAIT (HOPE?) FOR-The story!  There is a decent amount of questions that pop up as you play that waiting for the story is really becomming a labor of love!  There are a lot of gaps I want filled!-An encyclopedia?  I love reading about different ships, equipment, and other things.  Hopefully, as part of the development process, there will be a vast amount of information about the races, their ships, equipment, galactic anomolies, etc.-More pilot-able ships.  Those silhouttes are just KILLING me!  Can't wait to see how they are different than the current default ship.-More races?  Somewhat related to the ""CONS"" section, I really  hope the universe can expand a bit when it comes to additional races and their related ships.-More equipment.  I would love to see an expansion of both guns and missiles.  While the ones that are available are great (and I LOVE the upgrade process) I would hope there are going to be many, many, others available.  That's what makes Rogue-likes wonderful.All in all, this is an amazing game.  Each ""round"" is a good bite-size adventure with a good amount of action and adventure.  The combat is good, albiet a tad bit repetative, and definetely gets your blood lust satiated.  I really cannot wait to see the evolution of everything in the game.  Well done Rockfish, may you keep this level of quality as the game progresses!"
76561197998740407,Recommended,396750,28890483,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Seltin,"The most standing out positive for the game are the keyboard & mouse controls.  The controls are very tight and responsive, especially using keyboard and mouse,  Typically, games like this you would think the controller would be the way to go, but they did an excellent job with kb&m.The graphics are very nice too.  Comparing to a similar game, House of the dying sun, this game just stands out a lot better in a few areas.  The graphics are better, the combat and gameplay audio is alot better too, and the gameplay itself is top notch.  HoDS feels sluggish compared to this game, however, House of the dying Sun has a more fleshed out campaign mode, vs. Everspace.  Everspace relies on going from Map to map and sector to sector.  No real story, just a bunch of dogfighting missions.  But it makes up for it in it combat gameplay and perk/crafting system.  The real downside would be that the game is roguelike, you die, you start from the beginging again with whatever upgrades you were able to purchase."
,Recommended,396750,31618956,Posted: 7 May,all,SN4KE_PL1SSK3N,"Don't listen to the nay-sayers.I love space combat sims and this one is by far the best since privateer/freespace. I'm not kidding here, I'm tried many others since those days and this one gets it right imho.Be prepared to die ... a lot. It's the only way to make a real pilot out of you anyhow. It's a slog, but it's a damn fine slog.The visuals are beyond compare. The voice-overs really get you involved (great job here Devs!). Music is nothing to write home about but it kicks into gear when it needs to.This game is unforgiving, but if you think you're TopGun you better bring your A game or end up like Goose.Rebel Galaxy is fun, but this is a real space shooter.Can't wait to see what the Devs have in store next!"
76561198160453557,Recommended,396750,35026051,Posted: 17 September,all,PutridFiend,"Not a bad game, Fun to play a good time killer!V.R. is very buggy, doesnt work well with the HTC Vive... If you are buying this for V,R, Doesnt work at all."
76561198041120583,Recommended,396750,25505656,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,A1WAY5WATCH1NG,This game is pretty great its very combat focused and i think that is the best part of space games and mining and trading are not as important and that is a good thing because those are the two more boring parts of space games. The game looks really good as well great effects and textures space looks really good in this game it looks like a more detailed no mans sky without the disappointment very colorful. combat in the game is good and when you are upgraded you can take on bigger ships and almost one shot smaller ones that before gave you troubleat one point i was hacking this jammer so i could jump out of the system and on the top of my screen it said interceptors inbound and i just thought it would be some simple drone ships but they sent two battle ships and i looked at them and shot and it did nothing and they shot one of these rail gun things at me and it took my sheilds down and i ran but got sniped so the game is a bit almost unfair at times but that is whats great about it i never knew what was going on it was perfect
76561197964283300,Recommended,396750,32049919,Posted: 29 May,all,RX Bandit,"Easily worth the $30 price tag. If you liked the game Freelancer, then this is for you. Incredible graphics, addictive looting and upgrade system, and fun dogfighting."
76561198166550181,Recommended,396750,30885791,Posted: 1 April,all,david_matthews76,"This game can be very addictive, it will draw you in with its strait forward search/shoot game play and you will find yourself using varying styles of attack/evasion to make your way through the universe. Light on the story line, but with enough  interesting things to discover to find a balance. Launch, shoot some stuff, run from or fight some bad guys, search and scavenge some old wreckage. Blast a weird space monster or lure it into a black hole. Get blown up, re-arm your ship to be more prepared and launch it again. You will get what you see. Extra points for quality explosions and a realistic representation of force/momentum, also a sense of depth as you look into the sometimes beautiful expanse. Everspace!"
76561198005347228,Recommended,396750,25584488,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Kibatsu,"Looks absolutely gorgeous and runs smooth as butter – what you cannot say about a lot of other Early Access titles (or even some other recently released titles).EVERSPACEfeels like a 3rd / 1st person space arcade shooter with elements of other space rogue-like games likeFTL: Faster Than Light.Looking forward to getting more ships and customization options, but overall amazing first impression."
76561197973167197,Recommended,396750,25580257,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ace Pincter,"FINALLY!  A space combat game that *gets it*!  Superb mouse+keyboard controls, weighty damage, and a perk mechanic that keeps you coming back for more."
76561198158762473,Recommended,396750,26690177,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ecki,"Very nice space battles. Lots of lights, lasers and sparks. And this graphics!"
,Recommended,396750,25599501,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dusty,"I'm a leaf on the wind , watch how i soar ."
76561197970605438,Recommended,396750,34831526,Posted: 9 September,all,Rogerius Rex,+1 respect from a Linux gamer! Amazing game!
76561197987135160,Recommended,396750,32702043,Posted: 23 June,all,Kalafax,"Hell yea, this game is a space shooter with great controls for mouse and keyboard finally, I understand people wanting to use physics based flight, but full control of your movement makes it so much more fun in this action packed game.  It kills you and makes you want to get better and do it again, pushing further the next time, and no two runs are alike.10/10 Would ram into drone killing us both for bonus moneys again."
,Recommended,396750,32230662,Posted: 6 June,all,bluemeep 🎃,"Things I dig:- Simplified space combat that works very well with mouse and keyboard- Lengthy progression over time that eventually branches into unlockable game modifiers- Gorgeous visualsSome things I'd like to be improved:- A wider variety in locations to investigate- A more forgiving energy system that results in less sputtering circlestrafingOverall definitely recommended if you enjoy the theme and roguelite progression.  There are some quality of life kinks that could stand to be ironed out, but it's good fun to get your dogfight on."
76561197994461718,Recommended,396750,25953198,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Road to 1000 commends? :O,"Amazing game and has the potential for so much more! Buy now or regret it later :)Only ""con"": the random deaths, but technically a pro as it makes it more interesing and fun.Now to get past sector 4 without being sucked in by a blackhole whilst fighting off a corvette and 10 other enemies...Edit 12.10: Note to self, do not energize boost by accident in to nearby objects that result in death... (F and R key are so close together...)"
76561198042413616,Recommended,396750,25549579,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Magneto,"Lt. MaxwellFinally some time to update my logbook.  That’s not because I got so much to tell but it seems I got stuck in this system.  Bought this ship in a neighboring system for my collection but it seems that it’s really crappy!  My hyper drive broke down again and - BAM! Here I am.  I managed to shoot down some attackers, they called themselves Outlaws… witty bunch of guys!  Seen one, seen ‘em all!Anyhow, controls became inoperative and I had to call this tentacle-waggling friend of mine to get me out of here.  I hope he comes soon!  Got a large supply of implants on board that needs to be delivered…"
,Recommended,396750,28613638,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Moridin63,"Just started playing this today and I am having a blast.Graphics are great, even on an old pc like mine.Combat is pretty challenging right from the start.Good roguelike setup with progression even if you aren't able to get very far.Definitely recommend picking up this game."
,Recommended,396750,25516019,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sex With A Sandwich,"Everspace is a rare exception of a great early access game, even this early on is is very polished and has a lot of elements to it that reflect dedication and steady development progression. I've been following it since its early days on greenlight and I've been eagerly awaiting its release to get my hands on it and try it for myself and it is awesome. It has elements very similar to one of my other favorite space games, Faster Than Light, if you've enjoyed FTL you will also love this. It is fast paced, open ended and just beautiful to look at. It still has a long road of development ahead but what it is now is great and I recommend giving it a try and supporting the devs."
76561198049217133,Recommended,396750,26685433,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,kyler.berry,"For an early release, I found Everspace to be very enjoyable. There's a fun upgrade system and challenging progression of difficulty. It took me 34 runs to complete the game for the first time. I find it most interesting that as you play through the sectors, you have to change your attacks and strategy to adapt to the increasing challenges.Pros:- fun arcade-like dogfighting- great visuals- ARC-9000 kicks♥♥♥♥♥- nice progression system- great weapon and add-on varietyCon:- Not much replayability once you beat it. (Although it took me 21+ hours to do it)"
,Recommended,396750,29046719,Posted: 5 January,all,johnweythek,"Already, even still in early access, this is what i've wanted all space games to play like ever since I played games like Descent (and its Freespace counterpart). I cannot recommend this game enough. Some better plot elements might be added but this feels otherwise polished.Game runs great, even stable to alt-tab, change controllers, pause and walk away for a while, come back and it's always running correctly. Better than a lot of games at proper release. Graphics are serious eye-candy. You can expect plenty of gorgeous screenshots out of this title. And none of it stresses my gpu (980Ti) out even a bit."
76561198094490274,Recommended,396750,25592924,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TheHOLZi,"Dying Happy in Space basically,feels like the X-Series for me. Live Die Repeat.a bit grindy at the start but gets more fun the more you progressPrepare to die from a fleet of warping ships out of nowhere, and you be fine..also be careful with black holes ^^"
,Recommended,396750,25811302,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Guy,"Awesome, throws you right into the action. Simple controls and game style, but complex game itself. New areas constantly giving me new bases to raid, or ambushes to aid. Having fun, and want others to have fun too. If you like star wars, star trek, or anything like that, this game will give you a hard on. Oh, one more thing, this game is freaking beautiful. 9/10"
76561197990758263,Recommended,396750,34194285,Posted: 12 August,all,Tycho The Mad,"I love space games, and very few space games really scratch my dogfighting itch, Everspace does. Whenever I'm in the mood to scoot around in space shooting at enemies this game makes me smile.The design is good, tight and supports several different styles. Dying has never felt like the game is robbing me of a good time, I can almost always figure out why I died and it's almost always my own, correctable error.The roguelike elements are fine, definitely buy the other 2 ships as soon as possible, they completely change the way you play the game and if the first ship doesn't work for you one of the other 2 probably will."
,Recommended,396750,35060611,Posted: 19 September,all,Tox,3D Action FTL
,Recommended,396750,25604929,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Fawk,"It's fast, it's dangerous, it's beautiful and i love it.Pretty expensive though, may be a sales buy for most people."
76561197987069717,Recommended,396750,32018038,Posted: 28 May,all,Dakkon,"+  Everspace is a fun and addictive space shooter that really scratches an itch.  Visuals are beautiful, music is great, and combat is exhilirating.  The story is pretty good for such a short game and is clever in the way it will have you playing through several times without seeming tedious.  I'm an early access supporter and this game has been loads of fun since the very beginning.  This game is a must buy!-  Even after 150 hours in the game, the controls still seem awkward, however.  With aiming inherently linked with movement you'll find yourself aiming for an enemy, causing you to turn, causing you to overshoot your crosshair.  Takes a long time to get used to but I still can't think of a technical reason a ship would link its guns to its engines like that."
,Recommended,396750,25505936,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,mynibbasandKFC,"A very fun game. It is very fast paced and has that strong arcade space shooter. Let me also add, this may be early access, but it is early access content wise. Like only one ship available (don't worry, skill tree is big enough you will have to be playing for awhile). But for optimization and performance? Holee ♥♥♥♥ high fps everywhere. Gorgeous as well. A must buy.It is very easy to start up with, after that it puts you in a try to advance as much as possible before you die.Is this the company that also brought galaxy on fire? if so damn, they sure know how to make good space games.I would buy this for sure. Can't wait for the incoming updates."
76561198083405238,Recommended,396750,25585827,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Harry Харрй,"Is this game actually in early access? XD  I almost didn't meet any serious bug in 15 hours i played except a situation i saw that a enemy ship got stucked in an aerolite when in battle lol.It has amazing graphics and comfortable feeling of control and dogfight.You can feel any bullet that hit enemy ship's hull!In fact, i was recommended by another friend and i hesitated to buy it at first. But after i've played it for several hours,i fully recommend you guys who are reading my review now.Will you buy this game?"
,Not Recommended,396750,32371022,Posted: 12 June,all,ḜṿἶḽḆửἦἥỵ,"The game itself is good, not fantastic, but good.The game lacks substance as you travel down a one way path to a goal, each time a random area is generated. But that can only be different so many times.Pros:Graphics are undoubtably beautiful.Interface is good, easy to use.Voice acting andd sounds are good.Cons:Only 2 other factions.Very repetitive.Story fixed track, one way trip.Only 3 ships.Small skill tree.Limited and seems rushed storyline.I truly hope the Devs take the feedback, use the same beautiful engine they've created and make something fantastic.*Cough* Freelancer *Cough* Free Roam *Cough* Various Systems *Cough*Due to its limited content, I would sadly say it is not worth its current cost of £22.99."
,Recommended,396750,31339126,Posted: 24 April,all,Admiral Icarus,"Pretty good early access title, still needs quite a bit of work though.Pros:- Great soundtrack and voice acting.- Graphics are fantastic, game is also VR friendly.- Controls take some getting used to, game gets drastically more enjoyable when you get the maneuvering system under control.- Leveling up system is well thought out and works well with the type of die-often gameplay Everspace encompasses.Cons:- Only three ships available at the moment.- Very limited customization, player is able to modify only three different sections on your ship.- It wouldn't hurt to have a few more primary and secondary weapons."
,Recommended,396750,29564268,Posted: 29 January,all,r a s m u s,FTL in 3d. Still in early access but already sweet. Looking forward to seeing what else they do with the game before release.
76561198001838693,Recommended,396750,25509965,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Crimson King,"Beautiful game combining the best aspects of a space exploration / shooter within a roguelike format. The graphics and sound are absolutely astonishing and the core gameplay loop is addictive. The challenge of the gameplay is balanced with the sense of progression you get between runs, meaning you get a little further each time.I can't wait too see how the game develops over the coming months up until its release next year."
,Recommended,396750,25540408,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,OscarKnight,"cool game, lots of fun so far, only con for me is that i cant rebind anything for controllers :( i would love to switch around the toggles and bumpers for what i want and not whats default."
76561198036530570,Recommended,396750,25510137,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Outcast,"Great game.The combat is great, the visual are great and controls are great... Do note this is not an open universe game, you jump from sector to sector progressing forward without the ability to come back, you fly until you die and then upgrade some perks and try again to push as far as you can.This is not another space trucking simulator. You do gather resources but you spend them on upgrades for shields, hull or devices you find or craft.Once i started shooting I immediately got hit by nostalgia for star lancer which I used to play for years.I wish they would switch the voice actors for the pilot and the on board computer... the computers seems more alive than the pilot when they deliver their lines."
76561198006250833,Recommended,396750,25506720,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,dev_boy,"Simply put I love this game, it is an essentail for your games libary.There is loads to find and do, its a lot more than just shooting ships in space. I've not once yet jumped into a sector and felt like I have visited it before, so even after 15 odd hours still feels very fresh.  All of this with only one of the playable ships (other coming soon).If this was just a space shooter then it would be damn good, but once you add all the additional features then it become truely awesome.  Upgrading your ship before each fresh run, finding blue prints and upgrades as you go and the crafting of equipment whilst out in space are but a few to mention that keep you coming back.Yes its difficult, but thats half the fun, I have died 25 odd times and only just made it to the 4th region but each run feels very different and challenging in its own right.This game has got so much going for it you really should get it!  do not delay, buy now."
,Recommended,396750,25517181,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,HOUR HERO YES,"Pretty awesome space shoot-em-up.  There's a nice sense of exploration in each sector as you hunt around for resources and fly through big wrecks or near massive freighters/warships.The upgrades are interesting enough to keep you playing for another run-through, but not overpowered or cheesy.  I feel like I'm getting farther on each playthrough because I'm getting GOOD, not just because my stats are increasing.The flight model is fun, if very arcade-y -- I wish you could ""throttle up"" and maintain persistent forward/backward thrust.  Still, lots of fun to flip around and blow something up.  The sense of danger is perfect -- if you get lazy, even 2-3 fighters could mess up your day.Looking forward to more content, for sure!"
76561197986996105,Recommended,396750,25813938,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Praise the sun,"Great game. The inital instructions leave out that you can start building more stuff via pressing tab once you get the blue print. Each run I found myself getting better both in fighting skill and overall stratagy, along with riseing stats. It does a good job of not just killing you with suprises and is a lot of fun, kinda short as it is now, but I'm very happy with my purchase   even with that."
,Recommended,396750,27026575,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MilkWhiteEye,"Did you like the idea behind FTL? Did it lack a bit in graphics and interaction for you but the idea was just really cool? Do you like space sims where you fly a ship and shoot down enemies but without being overcomplicated in controls? If you answered yes then this game is undoubtedly for you. It is still at the time of my writing this review under continued development adding depth and additional ships to purchase. It's a lot of fun each area is just that, and area that you run through and clear or just jump passed as soon as the gate is available. It is quite challenging and if you like space games the ""runs"" as they are will keep you entertained for hours."
,Recommended,396750,28704082,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GamerQuest,"For an Early Access title, EVERSPACE is off to a great start.I expected to see working Keybinding (rebinding keys does not always seem to work well) and Flight Stick compatibility as standard features in EVERSPACE, but the two features are a bit lacking from the game as of right now.Since these features are the two most popular features requested among the community, I recommend the Devs take notice and add these, what I would call standard, features into the game before 1.0 goes live.EVERSPACE has much promise and I am looking forward to seeing the future updates!"
76561197960275516,Recommended,396750,25786023,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,rek,"There's not a lot of content. You wont be looking at spreadsheets or doing anything complicated. You're just going to fly around fairly repetitively in one of only a few environments and kill the same enemies using your same ship (because there's only one). Then you're going to die, unlock a few more points that make the game easier, and then do it again. And again. And Again.So why do I recommend this game? Well if you want EVE or ED I don't, because that's not what this is. It is simple. It is repetitive. There's not much depth. There are lots of things to unlock between runs but there's not really any strategy or anything important to learn that isn't intutive. Yet, look at my time played: over 35 hours in a game that only costs $29.On one hand the number of extremely good unlocks to get make the game quite a bit of a grind. You're not going to get nearly as far in your first attempts as you will when you've upgraded your ship to have way more health, way more energy, start with better items, cost less to repair, and a bunch of other mechanics that make you far better on future playthroughs. But then on the other hand this keeps you playing and lets you keep making progress. The starting with random items to pick from perk is a neat trick: when you die you want to see what item options it gives you for next time, and as soon as you pick those you're back into a game which makes it easy to keep playing longer than intended (especially if it offered you items you like).So I do recommend this game, but not because it's amazing, unique, or anything really special. I recommend it because it's well made, it's simple, and it's fun. Flying around just feels right. You'll learn to use your boosts and easily fly through tight areas without taking damage; the controls are very simple but still feel rewarding - in large part because it looks cool.This isn't a game you play all day, it's a game you play for an hour or two at night while relaxing and drinking scotch. It's really good for that though."
,Recommended,396750,34218761,Posted: 13 August,all,Todd in Space,"Great game, very fun to play. It's a roguelike in space. It has a very arcade feeling, the ship is very easy to control (although the game is hard to master). Great addictive fun :)"
76561198015787288,Recommended,396750,31961997,Posted: 25 May,all,Toolzy,"WOW!! The mechanics definitely bring back some old sim flight games. This game has all the fun and none of the complications that hard core space like E:D and SC have. Controls are super easy even with an M/Kbd. I enjoyd this game in Early Access but having played at least an hour and a half of the full release is super good. This would be even better with a HOTAS support but even w/o, it's super enjoyable!"
76561197971052123,Not Recommended,396750,32037227,Posted: 29 May,all,Jereo,"Everspace could be a very a good game.It is beautifull, it controls very well, the combat is cool and feels good.Unfortunately it is plagued by the most idiotic idea ever :Mixing a crafting system with a rogue like game.What does it mean concretly?It means first that Everspace is hard and you will die a lot.Second, it means that you will spend most of your time collecting stupid trash materials  in asteroid belts  instead of fighting.And third it means, that when you die you will lose everything you have painfully collected and have to do it again, and again and again.....In each run you will spend 10% of your time fighting and 90% mining asteroids and abandoned space stations to collect scraps, ore, gas, dark matter and whatnot... that you have no direct use in the game but are used to craft weapons and stuff (once you have unlock the correct blueprint). Needless to say that whatever you craft will be lost also when you die.Unfortunately you can't skip the crafting part of the game because nanobots are a much needed rare component used to repair your hull and is mixed with the other stuff.Add to this an upgrade system between runs that feels like a grind (for example : +0.5 critical strike chance each costly upgrade), a lack of variety in the first zones of the game and what you get is a lesson in frustration.I wish they had a mod where I could dogfight forever."
76561197972644480,Recommended,396750,25505917,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,apricot,"Space sim? CheckBeatiful graphics? CheckStable 60 FPS? CheckIndie dev? Check0/10, ruins the narrative of E:D, NMS, and the rest of the EA crowd that you can't have all of the above."
,Not Recommended,396750,31652414,Posted: 9 May,all,Simaris,"This is a Mixed Review.By its base the game has very good elements and ideas, good graphics and OK performance.Im not really into rogue like games, but im actually a huge X3 Fan, so flying ships in space is definitely not new for me.I personally gave the game several chances to make me feel satisfied with playing it and after about 10 Hours of gameplay i just say it is not Fun for me neither satisfying. The only real fun in there is finding very rare Blueprints you keep forever. but beside that the logic to have to die and restart to get forward is extremely frustrating. that wouldnt be very bad if you could really feel a major improvement after (i call it: ascension) restarting after death. But that isnt the case. I had about 15 to 20 restarts by dieing and can finally experience some minor improvement to the very start of game. Definitely not enough, especially if you have to run through the ""boring"" first Sectors first to get to the interesting ones just to die there and do it all over again. 90% visiting boring sectors and dieing in the Rest 10%.The additional ships you can buy are pretty nice looking and promise much, but if you try them and compare them in fight they pretty much stink compared to your starting ship.Your Starting ship is a kind of Interceptor with good maneuverability, shields and weaponry. Actually its the best ship in the game.The 2nd ship is a Gunship with No shield, increased HP and more firepower and even an option for a turret.Sounds OP. Isnt. Isnt at all. I explain later Why.The 3rd ship you can get is a scout. extremely fast but almost no firepower and extremely fragile.Now, the fights in this game are like: Dodge like there is no tomorrow. Shields and HP are just too weak to suck in all that dmg, then focus down one enemy after another. Good thing is they die pretty fast, but most of the time you are just outnumbered 4 vs 1 or worse.Why the other ships are bad now? the scout is almost instantly blown up, expecially if you encounter ""webbers"", nasty drones wicht makes your movement almost impossible and their visual slowing effect also disturbs your vision, making it hard to target them fast. if you have a scout you are dead before you even find them do shoot them to get out of the trap.the Gunship on the other side ma have more hp, but no shield. That said: repair HP is not always possible in space, cause it cost nanodrones which are rare or are expensive at repair stations. that wouldnt be that bad if not the other mentioned thing were: the key to win outnumbered fight is not firepower alone but dodging the incoming dmg. the gunship is incredibly bad at this. while i was in galaxy 4 with interceptor already i didnt even made it to galaxy 2 with gunship, no chance to run or fight. the turret is pretty useless, your firepower useless due lacking maneuverability.TL:DR+I like the different weapons, especially in their different mechanics and the possibility to customize themThe skills are pretty ok, but also pretty flat and weak/expensive.Graphics are good.-The game plan by getting prograss by dying is far too little to be satisfying.The ships are not balanced at all, since there is no other sucessful (and nonexpensive!?) fighting style then dodging and kill the enemys fast.Unless you aren't a Nerd who likes seeing the same content of the first galaxies a million time and die a hundred times to get about 20% better then before (by equipment and skills) this is not a game for you."
,Recommended,396750,32231727,Posted: 6 June,all,Apocalyptic Cheeseburger,"If Dark Souls had a sci-fi baby in space, it would probably look like this. 42/10With all due seriousness, though, this game can be summed up by Edge of Tomorrow's blurb: Live, Die, Repeat. By this, I mean that you should treat each death in Everspace as a learning experience, and as you get more credits to buy new ships and upgrades, you'll be able to go much, much further as you craft your way to the final sector.In regards to plot, the story's pretty good from what I've seen so far, and the gameplay is absolutely spectacular! All of the ships are very useful, and they each have their own devices and consumables to use.Overall, I would highly recommend trying this game out; it's a literal blast!"
76561197972296122,Recommended,396750,33375616,Posted: 8 July,all,Mushy Snugglebites ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Well thought-out Roguelite Sci-Fi ShooterAfter about 12-13 hours of playtime and after finishing a full run for the first time, I feel like having a good understanding of everything Everspace has to offer and being able to review this game. Spoilers ahead: It's good. Not perfect, but absolutely worth it's price.Combine the shooting mechanics of Freelancer and strap it into a roguelite progression system akin to games like Rogue Legacy and you have EverspaceStoryLet's get this out of the way: The story of Everspace isn't really that interesting or engaging. It is mostly told through nicely drawn, but fairly static images and unravels, the deeper you delve into the increasingly dangerous sectors of the galaxy. I admit, there is something motivating about the way the developers bound your understanding of the story to your progression, but still, the payoff in the end isn't that great.What I will say is, that they found a nice way to actually implement the roguelite mechanics inside of the story. It's clever and has reminded me of the way that Rogue Legacy used the story to explain you starting over and over again.Atmosphere & SettingEverspace is very interesting when it comes to the atmosphere. It starts off all cheery and fun with the protagonist and the Ships AI mocking each other and submitting somewhat funny oneliners regarding the situations you randomly find yourself in. But the better you get at the game and the deeper you get into the increasingly dangerous sectors, the more mysterious, menacing and sometimes borderline frightening the game can get. I'm not saying that Everspace is a scary game in any way. But some things you uncover can emit an eery atmosphere. It's a very similar feeling I got when playing Freelancer way back while exploring some deep and dark nebulas, filled with dangerous anomalies, minefields and enemies. Everspace creates a very similar, almost identical feeling while playing, which is high praise, since I feel that Freelancer is one of the most atmospheric Space-Sims ever created.GameplayChoosing from 3 ships (2 of which you have to unlock), you start in small pocket of space. Every pocket is a randomly generated bunch of assets, backdrops, loot, enemies, traders and events. You explore said pocket and hunt for ressources to build or upgrade you weaponry and equipment while fighting of different enemy types, ranging from pirates to... well.. otherworldly things. The catch is that you cannot spend unlimited time inside of a sector because you are constantly hunted down by an opposing faction, very similar to the way FTL did things. By design you are forced to move fast, get your hands on all valuable ressources and get out before getting shot down. I think this system is a very good idea and it forces the player to keep up the speed and it creates a very vital flow to the gameplay. It also forces the player into Risk/Reward situations which is an important part for Roguelite games.There is also a great deal of natural hazards which you will encounter on your travels. These range from electromagnetic storms which disable your shield but also fill up your energy core (Risk/Reward), over dark dust clouds which heavily compromise your scanning abilities and force you to navigate via sight all the way to actual black holes. The only thing that bugged me were minefields which force you to slowly navigate and have a tendency to hide in explorable structures and damage you. I think the mines don't mix well with the rest of the gameplay.The Weaponry you aquire or craft yourself is nothing spectacular, but it also follows the typical formular of Advantages & Disadvantages. Some Weapons have great range but lack the DPS for close combat while energy weapons are great against shields but won't penetrate the hull of enemies as good as a projectile gatling gun for example. Added to the mix are a great deal of rockets, torpedos, mines and even fully automatic drones. Some Modules which are actively activated by the player are a bit more creative and can give your vessel the ability to cloak, slow down time or generate an impenetrable shield in front of you. Using those modules in the right situation is vital to your survival and will greatly enhance combat efficiency.Speaking of Combat: The difficulty is high. Very high. Apart from the progression system, which will help you get further with every run by increasing the ships stats and abilities, there is also a lot to learn as a player. By playing you will get better at evading and aiming and the increase in player skill is very nice. But there is also potential for frustration: Some things, that could happen to you in a run are very likely to kill you on the first encounter. These deaths are avoidable, but not knowing about them can be a guaranteed death which can be frustrating.ControlsIf you happen to have played Freelancer, you will feel right at home when starting up Everspace: You control your ship from third or first person preferably by mouse to steer with the addition of WASD for directional movement. The controls are very tight, responsive and make playing the game an absolute blast. The Hotkeys are well placed, but you could also rebind everything in the options menue. Overall Top notchPresentationThis. Game. Is. Gorgeous. Build on the Unreal Engine the developers and artists behind this game have done an incredible job. Space isn't a black void in this game but a colorful, diverse and fascinating place. While a lot of the assets repeat after a certain amount of playtime there are still surprises when it comes to the later Sectors of the game and everytime you see something new the visuals are breathtaking.While I will admit, that the Antialising isn't working that great and the menus are boring, everything else is so spectacular, that you won't mind one bit. When you are fighting a bunch of enemies while a giant sun is blasting solar flares through the cluster and plasma projectiles shimmer with awesome effects and enemies die in impactful explosion with screen distorting blasts, you will be stunned by the fireworks on the screen.When it comes to the sound, the whole thing falls a bit flat on the floor. The sound effect are OK but apart from some weapons and the explosions, the effects aren't really that great. The voice Actors are doing a great job, but this being a roguelite game there isn't much dialogue to highlight. The music for me personally is the lowest point of the game. It is a wild mix of different genres and all in all I found it to be truly awful. I turned it off after my first 2 runs and turned on something else.Replayability & ContentBeing a Roguelite game, Everspace is built around you playing run after run after run. The content isn't massive with only 3 playable ships which mostly use the same weapon systems, but it would be unfair to critize a lack of content. While some assets do repeat quite often, there is also a lot of stuff to discover and the designers have spent a great deal of thought into the things they could surprise you with, even after hours of playing. Considering the price tag, I think the content is absolutely fair.TL;DRPROSBreathtakingly gorgeous visuals and art designTight, responsive controlsMotivating progession systemSurprisingly intense atmosphere in certain placesFun GameplayCONSAwful musicSome unfair mechanics (learnable, but almost guaranteed death on first encounter)Story somewhat boringRecommendation?Fan of Roguelites and Progression Systems?You like skill-based, direct combat?Then go for it. Price tag of 28 € is fair for the content offered."
,Recommended,396750,33349769,Posted: 7 July,all,MaxVector,"I don’t like “roguelikes”.  I’ve never been able to get into the start-over game loop that has seemingly taken over a large portion of indie development.  Call me cynical, but I’ve always felt that style of game was low effort and overly punishing (the developer ran out of ideas so decided to make it a roguelike to compensate).  I have to give it up for Rockfish Games; They created a roguelike that I find myself enjoying, immensely, and it’s perfect for efficient gaming.At it’s core Everspace is the traditional roguelike experience: you play, you die, you start over from the beginning.  Similar to Killing Floor 2 (a review I did a few weeks ago), Everspace is simply a better overall experience than other games in the genre.The presentation layer is probably the best I have seen in this style of game.  Traditionally, developers creating roguelike experiences use simplified/retro visuals, procedural generation, and  purposefully convoluted mechanics (more on this later).  When it comes to visuals and presentation,  Everspace does it differently.  It is a modern space combat experience with up-to-date graphics and controls.   Be warned: This is not a pure simulation game the likes of Elite Dangerous or the never-to-be-released Star Citizen (shots fired) but it does provide a more modern look and feel than most games in the rogue genre.  The engine is modern.  The game is ripe with modern graphical features such as high definition textures and shaders and it creates a sense of immersion that I simply don’t get with other roguelike experiences.When it comes to the control scheme, it’s intuitive and contains just the right amount of complexity to feel like you are in control without being overly complex.  It should be familiar to anyone who has played a first person shooter or similar game.One of my biggest frustrations with roguelike games is that most of them are more difficult than they need to be, partly due to the frustrating game mechanics that are (usually) never explained in any manner and partly due to the random nature of the procedural events.  Everspace does in fact utilize the traditional roguelike framework: start, random map/event generation, death, and restart.  The way the framework is applied in Everspace will be similar to anyone who has played FTL or Starscape, but it does so in a manner that doesn’t make dying a completely punishing experience.  Similar to FTL, each map and every individual combat zone is procedurally generated and contains one (or more) of a dozen different scenarios.  The scenarios range from abandoned space cruisers to heavily fortified asteroids or mining ships.  The game does a good job of making each combat zone feel like a new adventure.  They are randomly and procedurally generated but I never felt like I was going to spawn in and die.  When I did die, I knew what happened and why.Combat zones also provide new equipment, weapons, and crafting material.  There is a decent amount of customization in Everspace (when you are lucky enough to find better weapons and material).  Admittedly, some of the upgrades and options feel like filler, but it adds a layer to the game that gives the player more control over the experience.Speaking of experience, death will come swiftly in Everspace, as it does in other similar experiences (too many bad guys, asteroids, no jump fuel, etc).  Starting anew allows the player to dump all of their earned cash (basically exp points) back into their ship (which makes it stronger, which allows the player to go farther, which creates more cash, repeat).  Starting over feels good in a way.  The ship is better than before and due to the excellent combat mechanics and interesting story, it feels like a fresh start rather than a loss.  The game offers multiple ship types and difficulties as well.  It is an accessible experience that should appeal to many types of gamers, not just space combat fans.  Be aware, however, that it will likely provide more enjoyment to those that enjoy 360 degree movement games and WASD, twitch shooter type experiences.Everspace isn’t perfect but it a lot of things really well.  It does them so well that I highly recommend it even though I have never been able to get into the roguelike genre.Overall Rating: B+"
76561198131554765,Recommended,396750,30675421,Posted: 22 March,all,[いっちゃう~]4nDy:BAdAs5_1.2,"the game itself is somewhat fun,and is perfect for people who likes to torture themselves with a diffculty so high that's even a little unfair to the player.the graphic is cool too,but there IS one thing i would like to complain,the fighting is too...predictable,i mean,from what i've been through for now,it pretty much something like this:you find the enemy,you shoot down their drone,and then the enemy's shield,after that you either use a missle or a weapon with high hull damage to finish them off....run away while trying to dodge their attack....and shoot down any missles...and that's pretty much it.there's not much room for creativity,like,i can see quite a lot of stunt involved in the video there,and i think you guys could totally put that to use,such as,when there's enemy chasing you,you can proform a stunt to kind of get them off your tail,or leading enemy into a wall with very small space for you to go through.or maybe even extra rewards you can get only by pulling off stunts,i mean,i feel the need to do a lot of stunts in the game,but i don't see any reason to do it in this game,it'll just be risky,and damage my ship sometime,even if i do succeed,enemy's drone will just get over it and shoot me....so i kinda hope there will be more creative killing,and a bit more actions in the future"
76561197994383036,Recommended,396750,34340591,Posted: 18 August,all,subliminal.muse,"If Star Fox 64 and FTL had a baby, this would be it. As dope as this game is, I wouldn't (and didn't) pay more than 20 for this. There's not enough content to justify the 30 bucks."
76561197972144585,Recommended,396750,33765548,Posted: 24 July,all,Ghandi,Enjoyed this game thoroughly.
,Recommended,396750,33234670,Posted: 4 July,all,ill.oOminated,"TLDR: Totally worth the money, best arcade space ""shooter"" since Freelancer!Probably the best arcade space flight/shooter simulator I've played since Freelancer. Took me 35 runs to complete it. I enjoyed each and everyone of them and had some great fun. I especially liked how you not only improve your character and/or ship after each run, but how even the runs 30-34 taught me some interesting things about the mechanics of the game you'd better take into account (e.g. don't navigate into a narrow structure which could be within a black hole's reach - just... don't...).Controlling your ship with mouse and keyboard so smoothly and so easily was one of my absolute highlights - I'd love for other space games, even simulations like Elite Dangerous, to offer a similarly simple way of controlling your ship (e.g. as an alternative to the simulation mode) at least in singleplayer, I'd probably play a lot more of them."
,Recommended,396750,25518011,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ItsLongshanks,"Very fun game, great arcady feel to the combat. I like the progression, you have to balance how much you spend on upgrades and repairs through a run with how much you save for your perks once you die. Beautiful graphics, stunning. Sound and voice is fine. Very pleased with my purchase and happy to support this game."
,Recommended,396750,25502967,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,MrDwels,"As of writing this I've played this game for about an hour, and I adore it. There's a nice rogue-like element to it and it looks beautiful. I've been following this game for some time and I was chomping at the bit to give it a try. So far I am not disappointed. The different kinetic and energy weapons all have different sounds and feedback when they collide with ships, the ship buckles and shudders with impacts from asteroids and projectiles. The presentation here is amazing. The gameplay feels fun and exciting, each run is just a bit different from the last. One run I found a mining colony filled with blueprints and resources, the next I stumbled upon an outlaw base where I got completely destroyed. Money, blueprints, and other perks carry over between runs so your ship is ever improving. Voice acting is a bit hammy but the gameplay makes up for it in spades. I'm super excited to keep playing this game and to give it a shot in VR.**Will update as the game improves.**"
76561198060681013,Recommended,396750,25511308,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,dramaftw,"Having been a big fan of space games for a long time now I found myself looking at a trailer for this game almost 3 years ago and it is finally here after much hype on my part. I have loved every second of it in early access so far, I know it is unfinished but I can see clearly where this game is headed and I am excited for the final product.The game plays very much like FTL where you travel to a new zone when your boosters allow the jumps and you've got fuel. Except FTL on crack with lots more to do and explore in each zone, but be careful because the longer you stay between jumps the more enemies show up to stop you and this will bring a fast death!But thats where the game begins, you die and you can then buy upgrades to improve the ship a little bit each time(very little, but it doesnt feel too grindy) so you are always pushing yourself and the ship a little bit further with each death. This of course assumes you dont decide to shoot the local neutral NPC's or try to steal their fuel or tech and die in a blaze of righteous fire in the first zone because then you likely wont have much to show for it.Amazing game and I can see the amazing future to come after nearly 4 hours on record at this point.Whole heartedly recommend if you love space games or roguelikes with a new twist or adventure games or atmospheric games or exploration games."
,Recommended,396750,25528066,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kasei Vallis,"Great take on a rogue-like.  First life lasted longer than my second when I jumped into a zone heavily guarded by half a dozen enemies without a single upgrade gained.  Then I went almost 40 minutes and had earned ~5k.Each run gets a little bit better, and in that, Everspace keeps my attention and begs for ""just one more run""."
,Recommended,396750,25675468,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,robotsinmyhead,"I've played a lot of space sims, and this one has the most forgiving and fun, almost 3D platforming, flight dynamics.  Combat can be difficult, but you are rarely in a situation (at least early on) where you can't hit ALL THE BUTTONS and expend some usable items to get out of a jam.  Progression feels good, but it's getting really difficult around the end of the 4th Sector.I would love to see more events and missions.  The release version is bound to be excellent."
76561198042789544,Recommended,396750,25557865,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,natedoggrif,Awesome space roguelike with awesome combat and beautiful graphics
76561198075933369,Recommended,396750,26685667,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Chuddingsworth,"I'm 3 hours into the game, and I gotta say, its a blast. Fluid, responsive controls gives combat an intuitive feel that most games in this genre don't quite get right.  If you're like me, and needed a space fix while Elite Dangerous devs nerf money making into oblivion, buy this game."
76561198090837353,Recommended,396750,25524460,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Wolffs,When you think you've seen it all something new happends.
76561197964884437,Recommended,396750,25547291,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tboagm,Very Cool I love open world stuff like this..they could definitley keep adding to this. Game engine is flawless..good stuff
76561198071860659,Recommended,396750,26685961,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Master_Slater_Guy,"This game is very cool, i just wish i didnt die so much. With more content to come i am sure this will be a successful game."
,Recommended,396750,25527915,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,No-Lifer,"Extremely enjoyable space blast-em-up. It runs smooth as silk and looks absolutely gorgeous.Controls feel tight, cockpit view is great - and I've read the devs are hoping to add fully dynamic/real-time HUD displays inside the cockpit, rather than the static images they are now. That would be fantastic.Combat is just challenging enough, starting off, getting progressively harder as you go on. Ship upgrades are meaningful to progression.Even as an Early Access game, it's fully featured and I wouldn't hesitate to suggest it to anyone looking for some space-action."
,Recommended,396750,33193319,Posted: 3 July,all,ostapblender,"Focking awesome! Have so much fun with this game. Concept may look pretty repetitive, but actually it's quite interesting and full experience of space adventurer. Really quick, fast-pacing gameplay, ASTONISHING graphics, hilarious AI companion and very intuitive, FPS-like controls. Most ""meh, okay"" part on the background of pure goodness is music. It's there, it's atmospheric,  but not as remarkable and memorable as rest of the game.P.S. It's HIGHLY addicting, be careful! :-)"
76561197992083855,Recommended,396750,25517928,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Matyvalien,"It is basically FTL in 3d and it looks really awesome! still needs a lot of work , but game works flawlessly in this condition, recommended."
,Recommended,396750,25555040,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ZigZigLaGirafe,"01/06/17 - Release EditThey clearly modified the game in the right direction since early access.Gameplay with keyboard and mouse is way more fun (maybe it already was during EA but totally missed it...), gathering resources is smooth and fast as it should be, dogfights tend to be more interesting and you have way more ammo to have fun.Really fun to play now !-------------------Early access review :Game is promissing, but right now, it's really not ready.Main problem is on the gameplay for me, dogfights aren't interesting enough and most of all (strangely) farming the containers and minerals is really boring, like gathering the rewards from a kill.They really should add some more automatic actions to make it more arcade and so more dynamic.For the dogfights, they tend to be 1v1 or 1v3, but as it is very arcade, those situations aren't really interesting. I'd find it really more usefull to have much more ammo and fight much more ennemies.Game is really beautiful and fluid, discussions between you and the AI are cool and bring some humor, areas system with jump links is cool too, so with some fine tweeking we could have a really great game... let's hope..."
,Recommended,396750,25555102,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Broq,"3D FTL with a lot of potential, I will be happy to see more than 3 ships in the future, and a better ui for crafting, but so far had a blast with it!"
,Recommended,396750,25691461,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Z1ZMAN,"The first two video games I ever played were NetHack and Quake when I was a kid. I have never beaten NetHack (I was a teen when I finally beat the original Quake) but don't regret the untold hours I put into learning the ins-and-outs of the quest for the Amulet of Yendor.Fast forward many years, and here I read a review of a rouge-like called ""Everspace"". From the first few screen shots, I was wary. Then came the text of the review. Followed by a, ""well, I can always do a refund if its really that bad."" Then came, ""let's see if this is any good...where have the past two hours gone?""This is not a game for everyone. There is a particular type of person, who enjoys a bit of sadism in game design, who is willing to spend the time hacking away at a game that has yet to realize its full potential. This game is for those people, people like myself, who are happy to just fly around, and die, and not get mad because you've lost a bunch of cool stuff, but instead be happy that you'll get some different, more interesting cool stuff."
76561197971213742,Recommended,396750,25506993,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Darxevn,"Time flys when you're having fun and... what time is it?That is what happened to me. Game sucked me in from the moment I started. At this stage the game is light on tutorial, light on story, and light on content. However, it is beautiful, it controls great, and it's a blast.The game is difficult and you lose your equipment when you die, but the sectors in space you explore are random so you are never treading the same path. The difficulty creates those thrilling momments which often don't work out in your favor, but then it shows you a death screen that says $$$ which you spent on ship upgrades as you choose. So it never really feels bad dying. You can also unlock the ability to salvage your last shipwreck, which seems pretty cool but I havn't done it yet. As I mentioned the tutorial is limited, but I have had fun learning and testing the mechanics for myself.I don't know if there is going to be a lot more depth added to the universe and mechanics, but I did bump into two random and simple quests. More story, quests, factions, and flavor would be the most appreciated additions to me. Except co-op, which the develoeprs say isn't happening. At least they're honest.Ultimetaly, I feel very satisfied with my purchase even though the game is early access. The developers seem to have limited set of goals for release so I don't think this is going to be one of those 3 year early access games.P.S. I am sure there will be a lot of comparison with No Mans Sky but I didn't play it and can't comment. I also came in with little expectations, just some minor knowledge that it was a roguelike. My friend linked me a video last week and I saw shiny space game and wanted to play it."
,Recommended,396750,25608983,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,logsterino,"Very polished for being EA. Runs well, controls feel generally good, aiming is quite difficult but i don't see it as a bad thing, haven't seen any bugs yet.My main gripe atm is the UI, more specifically the icons that highlights points of interest, the problem is there are so many it can be extremely hard and confusing to keep track of one specific icon you want to follow, i'v spent 10 seconds just looking around trying to find the crate i just flew by in some instances. An idea would be to fade or resize icons so the closer you are the more solid and bigger the icon."
76561197970339840,Recommended,396750,25516504,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,illequine,"Now that it's the full version, it's actually a pretty decent roguelite.Have you played FTL? - This is FTL for both VR and standard first/third person play. It has a progressing story, interesting things to upgrade, different flying styles per each of the three ships. and loads to do.DIfficult but worth it if you enjoy roguelite games.8/10 - worth a buy.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pre-release review below.I Bought this game half expecting to request a refund 20 minutes later..There's a lot in it and a lot missing - it's one of the more polished early access games you'll play. The ship controls with KB/Mouse are good, and the game plays like a cross between FTL and Elite:Dangerous. It's essentially a arcade version of Elite and a 3D version of FTL.It's worth the 27euro as it is, but i'd recommend waiting for the full release if you want to get more than a few hours out of it, and you will get a few hours out of it :)"
76561198021942979,Recommended,396750,25555973,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/schobold,man i just love this game! if you like space games just get it. if you buy it and you dont like it hit me up and i send you some nudes.
,Recommended,396750,25533355,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Eckrigo,This game is FTL on steroids
,Recommended,396750,25520946,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MisterDking,so far ... so good
,Recommended,396750,25534403,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Shaben,Super fast paced! Really like so far! Indeed missing either some content or a multiplayer mode
76561198079569147,Recommended,396750,25593037,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BurgerBob,"Arguably best space shooter/sim on the market right now with unparalleled graphics and fun flight model if you can forgive inclusion of inertia damping. You jump from instance to instance which makes more sense than cruising faster than light as in other games if you think about it. Sceneries are procedurally generated but with a little bit more thought put into it than usual (looking at you hello games..). Of course you will notice same planets over and over again but at least position, distance to planets and other bits and pieces will be thrown into mix. It is really fun for what it is. If I could be granted two wishes by developers it would be improved control setup (ffs expose those axes, setting up steam controller felt like second job and still the end i had to make a compromise with digital roll). Second wish would be option to disable inertia training wheels, you know some of us find great joy in overcoming the struggle to control the ship in newtonian physics."
76561197963066520,Recommended,396750,28554977,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sythil,"Very entertaining, Dead is Dead but there is still progression.Arcady controls, don't expect a complex space sim like the X series or Elite Dangerous, it's closer to Freelancer but with a single mission, Survive."
76561198036147631,Recommended,396750,25584921,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BasedKojima,"Binding of Isaac meets FTL, what's not to like?Flight controls are great, combat is tense, upgrading your ship is fun and rewarding, and visually it's a really pretty game. Even the soundtrack is great, some of the tracks gave me a real MGS vibe which I love.Look forward to seeing this game evolve between now and it's release next year, definitley one of the superior space-pilot games on steam."
,Recommended,396750,25505364,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,LT,i Love this game!!! by far the best space game to date imo. GG devs. thank you for this beautiful game
,Recommended,396750,28498286,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rile,"Still on early access and alot of fun a few glitches here and there, but the game has checkpoints. Even if my game glitches and a crashes I start close to where I left off."
,Recommended,396750,25502931,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Sculelos,"Die, upgrade, get gud or get reckt, repeat. Shoot stuff, have fun. Enjoy. More contents in the future. Yes it's fun if you like space shooters, it also works well with a controller so it's perfect for short gameplay sessions."
,Recommended,396750,32008832,Posted: 27 May,all,Krageon,"It's a good roguelite. There are persistent progression elements, where you can find currency to use to buy two new ships and upgrades for them. Even with basically no persistent progression elements bought, there is a nice skill-based progression of being able to get deeper into the journey.The combat is fast-paced 6 DOF space dogfighting. Depending on the ship you fly, it'll be some combination of hit and run (and cloak) and dogfighting. There's not a lot of downtime between things to do (you're always shooting at something or finding some new bits of loot), which is a big plus to me."
,Recommended,396750,32004354,Posted: 27 May,all,Pox,"It's a space combat rogue like. Imagine FTL but with more control of the ship in combat. I'm a huge fan, looking forward to cehcking out the VR support later."
,Recommended,396750,25509397,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,GremlinZD,Used my boosters and immediately slammed into debris causing my ship to explode.
,Recommended,396750,25502767,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,socom,"Game engine is solid and runs sweet as a nut and will run no problem on lower spec hardware. Runs great on my Surface pro 2.Combat is fast paced and has a simplified control scheme.Its more of an arcade shooter than a space-sim. However it does have space-sim elements. Ie Mining. docking, trading ect.Havent seen much in terms of a mission system. But hey! its early access.Thumbs up from me."
76561198190375506,Not Recommended,396750,25597555,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,jleanse23,"Once you get over the pretty visuals, there's not much of a game to play.The levels are repetitive, and fairly boring, what with most enemies being easy to pick off by luring them towards neutral G & B forces. When it's time to upgrade the ship, spend five minutes flying through the asteroids looking for containers or natural resources. Then go on to the next level. Repeat ad nauseum.When you die, the quirky (and kind of cool) robot voiceover sometimes continues, giving helpful advice to your exploding ship. Thanks but a little late. What's funny is that the pilot, a kind of funny sounding character, often replies, despite apparently being dead.The devs promised a dynamic ship interior, but right now the ship's status displays are static, and don't show speed, selected weapon, ammo quantities or other interesting information. And we all know what happened last time dev's promised the universe.I preferred playing in first person mode and it's not easy to see or maneuver in tight spaces. You can be sure that in real life, a space fighter would have mirrors in the cockpit to see up, down, side to side, and backwards. For lack of visibility, I was crashing into the interior of asteroids, and even very slow crashes substantially deplete the shield. Strafing up, down, and to the sides would be fun with a VR HMD with head tracking, but I had to set my jaw and accept stupid unnecessary damage because it's not possible to tell how close one is to the asteroid tunnel walls.The AI is crap. After I damaged one target, the enemy just wove back and forth, slowly traveling a sinuous path, in one direction. There's a whole asteroid field to hide in, but this dummy just drove off into space at a walking pace. At least have the enemies hide, pick up buffs, or recharge, and try to snipe me. With no imminent multiplayer, I don't see the enemies ever making use of the numerous hiding places.I think this game is getting positive reviews because everyone was burned by No Man's Sky, and this is similar enough in some respects, so people gravitated to it and talked themselves into believing it was good enough.It's not.Once the pretty visuals wear off, and they will, what's left is a chunky, weird feeling 6 DOF space shooter, a rare bird that I want to believe in, but Everspace doesn't live up to expectations. A brilliantly edited trailer made me think this was a genius combination of Descent, a roguelike, and Kerbal Space Program, but in the end it just feels mediocre.I can't recommend this game right now. I would happily pay $45 or more if it were everything it promises to be, but right now Everspace is probably worth about $5-$15."
76561198055305564,Recommended,396750,25539331,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Faint Solstice,"Awesome Game!There is always something to keep you on edge, welcome to the most dangerous de-militerized zone you will everspace in.Was that a pun?!"
76561198030329237,Not Recommended,396750,28684875,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Koravel,"There is no joystick support. While this may not be a deal breaker for everyone, people should be aware of this before buying it. You can utilize a gamepad, but my Thrustmaster hotas does not work with Everspace. If this issue is fixed, I would be more than willing to give it another go.Note- the controls seem perfectly fine with K/M, it's simply a matter of personal preference to me. Flight games should have joystick support."
76561198023026107,Recommended,396750,30420121,Posted: 9 March,all,Pycco,"WOW+graphics+controls+difficulty+replay+did i say graphics?+indy dev-the ai is abismal, its so ez to make yourself unable to be hit even from missles. the + here its ez to fix with an update the aiming alg."
,Recommended,396750,30418048,Posted: 9 March,all,donkey tron,"..it's like descent and risk of rain had a baby, and that baby was raised to shoot without even considering asking questions. you'll really appreciate the addition of difficulty settings if you're a player who likes to stop and take a look around once in a while.8/10, due to limited controller options, and lack of button customization."
76561198005404433,Recommended,396750,32781329,Posted: 25 June,all,dd,"This game is Freelancer meets FTL. With a solid engine, and solid controls (keyboard and mouse).It looks and sounds amazing. Definitely worth the small asking price, imho.The learning and difficulty curves are spot on, and the risk/reward is also pleasing.Unlike some other Roguelikes, after death you maintain your hard earned currency - to be spent on permanant upgrades for your pilot or ship. Helping each run be more successful than the last.I REALLY need to try this game in VR, it seems made for it.8.5/10.VR might take it to a 9/10."
,Recommended,396750,29367006,Posted: 19 January,all,Arcadence,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is amazing.Flying in space? Check.Being dope as ♥♥♥♥ and shooting down Okkar scum? Check.Getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥slapped by massive Capital ships the size of Star Destroyers? Check.Non-repetitive gameplay due to randomly generated levels? Check.Why aren't you playing this already?
76561198091916731,Recommended,396750,31831656,Posted: 18 May,all,PLUMS,"Game has lots of loading problems unfortunately, and it likes to crash as it is right now. What I did manage to play, however, was quite enjoyable. As a fan of aviation and anything that puts me behind the controls of flying shooty things - in atmosphere or beyond - I am looking forward to when this game becomes more stable. It'll be fantastic with a joystick for certain."
,Recommended,396750,32030294,Posted: 28 May,all,CorerMaximus,"The game's absolutely gorgeous. The amount of detail is breathtaking and that alone is earning it a thumbs up. On this note though, I wish damage to structures worked from a long range (lasers causing stuff to glow read) instead of requiring being near it and the render distance was higher. On this factor alone, combined with the amazing keyboard+mouse controls, plethora of weapons and destruction capabilities made me feel I got my money's worth.With that, there are some things I didn't appreciate:* Very little ship variety. There are only three ships, a balanced, stealth, and attack/freighter class. I'm hoping that they will add more ships later on.* No keyboard controls in menus.I cannot use spacebar or enter to select things.* Some ship upgrades have visual enhancements which are cool. However, when upgrading, the ship is hidden behind a semi-opaque menu so it's really hard to see what's changing. I'm hoping that they can- when you upgrade something, show exactly how your ship's visuals are changing.* Cannot craft batches of missiles. At the highest level, your ship can store upwards of 100 missiles, and you can only craft one at a time. That, and for some reason (unsure if this is a bug or something), there are options to craft two missles that are the exact same (two small missile options that are the exact same instead of one)* Limits on how OP your weapons can be. Your primary weapons can only be upgraded 3 times.* Traders/ service centers don't have cool loot, and we cannot destroy them either. The traders jump away after you attack them, and service centers are indestructible, and they primarily offer exchanging minerals or rarely- weapons. I'd love to see more variety in what could be traded (more weapons, relics maybe?)* Every jump point has hostile outlaws. There isn't one sector you jump into that's peaceful/ have things that aren't looking into killing you.*The story is extremely lackluster, and seemed rushed and tacked on. I finished the story in one sitting (used CheatEngine to make myself a god) and it was underwhelming- the characters have very poor motivations for what they're doing, and we don't get to see them grow at all. Also, there's no final boss battle for an epic ending- there's just waves of enemies and then boom- the ending."
,Recommended,396750,32031596,Posted: 28 May,all,Thenetcase,I have been playing Everspace for over 9 months... and I must say that I'm very impressed. It really does feel a bit like Freelancer combined with rouge elements. LOVE IT.
76561198067800797,Recommended,396750,32979495,Posted: 29 June,all,The_Ruiner_who_Ruins,Pros- Addictive gameplay loop.- Gorgeous to look at.- Responsive controls.- Fast paced.- Varied enemy tactics keep things fresh.- Skill and stat progression feels rewarding.- All three ships lend themselves to very different but very viable play styles.Cons- Dull story- Unlikable main character- More ship classes would be appreciatedVerdict:This game is pretty great.
,Recommended,396750,31123447,Posted: 13 April,all,Stagen,"Day one supporter here and I can honestly say that I've not regretted it one damn bit. Best kickstarter I ever backed and it's clear that the funds spent have been put to good use.Because this game is STUNNING.Graphics and visuals are 10/10- It's simply shiny, sharp and spectacular.Audio and voice acting is 10/10- Deafening when it has to, warning and opressive when in danger and the little situational quirps from the protagonist, and the computer, makes it hillarious even when the heat is on.Gameplay and story is in development- The fact that the gameplay recieves such good attention from the devs makes me overjoyed. So many minute details adjusted with each patch, such attention to feel and constant new content. The devs, they must really, really care for this game.Best part? It's tough as ♥♥♥♥ and not a game you'll ever get to find ""easy"".This game is up there with the best of them."
76561197972054027,Recommended,396750,25516599,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Spinewire,Great game basicaly FTL with added crafting and Freelancer combat. Can't wait for them to add more ships etc.
,Recommended,396750,25847258,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,^9[DC] ^2Rage,"ever since i became aware of Everspace, almost a year ago now, i was hyped. now that i have the beta im soo happy i can actually play it now, after watching all of the trailers and dev vlogs.the game looks absolutely amazing! every now and then i just stop to watch the stars, planets, gas clouds, remains of ships and anomalies. the controls took a little getting used to but are good once you get the hang of it. i havent gotten past sector 3 yet, but so far the combat is quite fun. you can simply shoot enemies, but you can also plan out attacks and use the enviroment in your favour. this is something i highly reccomend when fighting multiple enemies or anything more powerfull then a scout.mining itself isn't all that special, you shoot suff, you collect what flies out.the best part about this game is defenitly the unpredictability of what happens next, and how you respond to that. you are never truly prepared for what might happen and you need to act fast and smart when things go down.the best thing i did in this game is start a fight between the mining company and okkar war party. i was being chased by 3 fighters and took shelter behind a R&B freighter. when the fighters attacked it, 3 R&B interceptors jumped in with warp to defend the freighter, and the okkar responded by warping in 3 more fighers. whap happened next was an all out star wars-like space battle that absolutely blew my mind!i ended up jumping away after destroying 2 fighters since my ship was badly damaged, only to jump straight into 3 okkar battleships, wich destroyed me within 2 seconds. its f*cking scary to fly around looking for stuff to collect when 3 ships 50 times the size of yours appear from warp right in front of you!all together i rate this game a solid 8.5/10at least until the full game is released. i'd love to fly with different ships!"
,Recommended,396750,25503765,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Anfraxx_,"Imagine FTL.But now imagine instead of the top down retro look, you have a very visually pleasing version of the game.This is what you are getting with EVERSPACE.As it stands this game is far more enjoyable than a certain other space exploration ""game"" that we saw recently.The concept is simple, just like FTL - jump from zone to zone while trying to either battle or outrun enemies chasing you.The controls as mentioned by others are great, easy to pick up but more of challenge to master. Space combat is fluid and the tutorial is short and sweet but explains what you need to know.You will die in this game, pretty early on too, but that's ok, everything you found carries over to the next game allowing you to get just that little bit further next time. You may find a weapon that makes the first section easier then all of a sudden it's useless and you have to explore while fighting off enemies to look for new stuff.If you want a genuine fun space exploration game where the odds always seem to just be stacked against you but not so much that you can progress, then pick this up, support the dev as they have done a brilliant job so far."
,Recommended,396750,25518357,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Miko Taron,"I have been waiting for this since I saw it at EGX Rezzed this year. It does not dissapoint. Awesome gameplay, great visuals, excellent progression system... love it!!"
,Recommended,396750,25532265,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Pinkie,"So! After spending an hour of trying and making my own different control schemes for the Steam controller and 15 min of actually playing the game.. Here's my extremely early review of Everspace.Now the game is good, it looks good and plays very good. too bad you can never get a good camera setup with the Steam controller, either you turn at the speed of light or not at all. (Steam, sort that sh*t out!) And I did try the recommended setup from the developers but I couldn't turn at all when using it, only nudge it.Which in turn made me try out mouse and keyboard. And during my 7 lives I managed to kill one (1) single piloted enemy (not drone). I can't for the love of god hit them as they move too fast and all around the screen. And if I do manange to hit them, they stay out of my sight for a second or two and their shields are already back up to 100%.It's probably me being a total noob and suck at aiming, but the semi-visible reticle is impossible to see when moving up and down constantly. That's a fact.The game is great, and not even done yet. If you want space ship-to-ship battle facing both intercepters and battle ships. Then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,396750,25627094,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Dr.Doctor,"This is Descent + X-wing + arcade action.  Oh yeah. Rogue-lite.  Looking forward to the story elements coming up, but the action and gameply has been sublime.  Did I mention it really makes the Unreal 4 engine look fabulous? It's been a blast just plowing through the game.I recommend the glass-cannon build where you sacrifice shield and energy for ridiculous weapons boosting.  Life on the ragged edge, my friend.  So what if I'm flying a Howitzer strapped to a paper airplane??  :-)"
76561197993266879,Recommended,396750,25516369,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,THE DUTCHMAN,"This one reminds me of Freespace 2 that I used to enjoy a lot when I was a kid.The graphics is awesome, Unreal Engine 4 delivers.The controls are smooth and responsive.Dogfigts are enjoyable and the difficulty increases as you play.This is not a better No Man's Sky, there is no open world as such, no planets to explore, it's more like Diablo in space - you enter an area, clear it from the enemies, loot everything there is to loot and go further until you can't stand the space any longer. Luckily all the areas are generated procedurally so you're not likely to get bored soon."
76561198078414744,Recommended,396750,25528396,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,alexander.k.schenk,"Just...Wow. The developers are one hell of a team. It's games like this that break the perception that early access is a downward spiral.Visuals: Freakin Awesome! Scenary is beautiful, and effects are top notch! 10/10Sound: Every has impact! Weapons sound extremley lethal, and voice acting is pretty good, with the main pilot sounding like he has no idea how he managed to end up with a sarcastic computer. 9/10Plot: So far I am pleased and most of it comes with banter between the clueless pilot and the ship's computer, but since the plot is developing I am not going to rate it.Controls: A little difficult for me with a mouse and keyboard, since it seems built for a joystick or maybe a controller in mind.  8/10Customization: Really cool! So much to upgrade, but it is not overwhelming. Abilities and devices are explained very well, and theirs no guessing like ""Well my shields need upgrading, but the Montarilatarilly Device LOOKS cool...but what the ♥♥♥♥ does it do..?"" 10/10This game is a hybrid between Rebel Galaxy and games where you die but upgrade yourself with what you've earned. Look up the game on YouTube, since I'm not the best at reviews or descriptions, but it was too good not to show support for."
,Recommended,396750,25863670,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,badnesso,"Its fun, feels like a finished game.  Content is repetative, and you die alot litterally endgame battleship randomly warps in next to you and it will insta kill you. no time to run you will die. youve got about 2-5seconds to hide if your lucky.  I do feel like it unbalanced as everything seems stronger than you. Basically I am level 15 I travel maybe 3-4 different sectors on average netting $1000-$2500credits then end up dying to something extremely overpowered to my current state.  Rinse and Repeat.  I imagine when I unlock enough stuff it'll feel more like a roguelike/survival but generally speaking this game needs some balancing.Update-So I've played a bit more and now I earn 10k+ a run,  feels exactly the same just lasts longer.  This game could seriously use some multiplayer or diversity.  Exact same crashes, meteors, space stations over and over.  Every now and then I get some random mission but that is extremely rare."
,Recommended,396750,25869123,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Keef,"So far so good, this early access space explorer and shooter has progression that is similar to that of Rogue Legacy. Dying over and over to upgrade your ship and get further into space is its own reward."
76561198043862535,Recommended,396750,28622717,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,egamage73,"I love this game. I played 113 times, until max all of ships. Its a huge fun, and dont have to buy anything with real money. I like the different space sectors, and enviroments, natural dangers. The GFX is awsome, the physics is funny, and easy to control your ship, but you lose the ship inertia system, THAT is a BIG FUN :DSo try it, and u will love it :DThank You ROCKFISH!"
76561197972413920,Recommended,396750,25515512,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Frosty21,"**Please be WARNED, this is a ROGUE-LIKE, NOT anything like elite dangerous, star citizen, starpoint gemini, etc etc other than its setting** (Ever play rogue legacy?? yea that setup)Secondly, this does not play like dog fighter (ie elite dangerous), plays more like a 6DF game with a lot of strafing such as decent, so dont approach it like dogfighter or you will die, a lotOkay with that said, very polished game, responsive and looks gorgeous and just genuinly fun to play whether exploring each ""room"" or fighting.  Game will kick your butt at first, and I love it for that.  YOU WILL DIE, A LOT! Get used to itCreates a strong, ""One more run..."" syndrome just because its fun to fight collect and move to the next room not knowing what you'll find, a trading platform, enemies, an enemy outpost, a rich resource field etc etc (each room is procedurely generated)With THAT said, it is in early access and theres little story context though there is some and needs more ships to play with (both of which are coming in full release! as well as tons more)So, I am having a lot of fun playing and am excited for whats to come, this is how EA should be done!"
76561198012877892,Recommended,396750,25555412,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Crazyoneeye,"I love it !  Good sound track really helps with gameplay. It is like a platform with depth, it was a little getting used to but the result is fun. Death happens and often but your progess improving your ship remains. Many items to find in game keep you moving."
76561198031665861,Recommended,396750,26091174,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Morbo,Finally a game that does feel like piloting a Viper Mk II from Battlestar Galactica.If they manage to mod it with decent Battlestar or Starwars models this is going to be amazing.
76561197964919256,Recommended,396750,25531736,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Qso,8 hours in i still like the game. It is a FTL Freelancer crossover and it gets the job done quite well. There are things to be polished ofc but for me its already worth the money i paid.
,Recommended,396750,25684081,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,PharaohSteve,"Highly recommended! Can't wait for future updates, especially VR!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qc_Wv_EF644&t=43s"
76561198015597461,Recommended,396750,26624312,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Spectre,"*2.0 Update* : Changing my rating to 8.5/10. With the addition of the new ship, difficulty options (Which were much needed,) and a bunch of other additions / fixes the game is much improved over a single update. Now playing on the harder difficulty if you've played enough to survive it, gathering credits for upgrades is much quicker, and finding blueprints went from an almost unbearably sluggish pace to frequent enough so that I can actually see myself collecting them all in a not unrealistic amount of time. The weapons are a lot more balanced now and it feels like each one has a unique role to play, whether it's the shock rifle actually being a valid sniper type weapon, to the coil guns no longer being a the most OP never miss obliterate everything you look at end game weapon, all the weapons feel pretty much in line with each other. Going back to the subject of the difficulty for a second in relation to AI and combat, it's actually fun now in late game, (Sector 6&7.) No longer can you just breeze through everything only worried about aiming at the target, consumables must be used strategically, energy conserved properly, and devices used with the best of timing. Some enemies like corvettes are now somewhat terrifying encounters, having to really rely on intelligence and strategy to win the fight. If you're considering buying this as a space sim, don't, but if you're looking for a rouge-like 3-D spaceshooter to sink some hours into I definitely recommend picking this up with this most recent update.*Leaving old review below for referrence / additional info.*4k Resolution support + Epic Graphic Settings + 115 FPS = This is love. Never have seen such beautiful, artistically crafted graphics in an EA title. Definitely worth the $30 in my opinion, even more so if you have a capable pc. Even with only one ship in the game there's plently of replayability thanks to the vastness of the upgrade tree. Getting blueprints is really nice as well, especially when you get into the MkII blueprints & upgrades. Dogfighting is fluid, and movement feels incredibly responsive. The airbreak speeds could definitely use some tweaking though. The process of transitions from sector to sector gets slightly dull after 10+ hours, but if grinding in ""rouge-like"" games is your thing then you'll have your fill, and with the two new ships coming out in the next update, there'll be plenty to do. Upgrading does take a REALLY long time after a certain point, because of the fact you still have to progress at a normal pace through sectors to earn better equipment to start with before you have the resources to craft, and before you upgrade the crafting cost they're an arm and a leg, especially MKII's. The boss fight is certainly an interesting feature that they added, forcing you to constantly move while fighting, in comparison to fighting fleets of drones where further into the game you can just hold reverse and outrange them. The weapons feel increadible, especially when missiles finally impact their targets after spiraling after them, doing loops and flips beyond what you can even keep up with at times. Even though I recommended having a great pc to see some of the added effects, such as the higher detailed warp and the boost thrust trail coming off of your ship, it still runs smoothly on decent machines on lower settings. Frame rate only suffers when in ""Natural Disaster Areas"" where there can be space lightning and singularities. The backdrops are absolutely jaw-dropping, from far away galaxies and glacial moons, to firey lava encrusted planets, you could spend just as much time admiring the scenary as actually playing the game. Overall grievances include, mining. Flak cannons take 1 shot to mine entirely, yet you could sit there spraying with other weapons for a minute and still miss chunks. Some weapons need rebalancing overall, mainly missiles. Light missiles are GREAT, barragring targets relentlessly when needing to regenerate energy. All others feel slightly underpowered, except for the incredibly rare one that destroys everything in sight, (lol.) The autoroll also needs work, especially when attempting to interact with secure crates or radio beacons. (Possible additions of manual rolling would be so great.) Also gotta throw in some love for the 3rd person/1st person toggle.Overall : 8/10TL;DRGreat game for $30 if you're into slightly grindy sci-fi dogfighting games that will only grow with time. If you feel like its difficult starting out just try to focus on learning to dodge more effectively, when to use your missles, and which weapons to use on which targets.As a note to the devs for update 2.0: you're doing a great job and this game is absolutely fantastic. If I can offer any criticism, please tweak the coil guns further to allow for the spread mod to be applied. At it's current state coil gun II is almost unusable past .4-6 km, and with a range of (2.1km?) it doesn't make the most sense. Also, the cloak needs some work, I realize the enemies have to shoot back while cloaked if you start to fire, my problem with it is that from a realism standpoint their accuracy firing at a ship and firing at the visible weapon trails from the ship (while cloaked) feel pretty much the same."
76561198169946553,Recommended,396750,26632805,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,brother toast,its a great game as far as im concerned its an amaizing first and third person shooter but i just hope they add in a soundtrack
76561198006877864,Recommended,396750,28582493,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jalidi,"An excellent game, even if it goes through more pilots than a rebel alliance. Yes, you will die. Alot.But death has never been as rewarding as this rogue-like makes it with the current perk system.Get a flak gun early and fire light missiles like they're going out of style and you will rule.I'm looking forward to the final version with story to be released early 2017."
,Recommended,396750,28974368,Posted: 3 January,all,Morally Bankrupt,"This game is awesome.  I love space sims / space combat games.  This game is perfect mix of combat, loot hunting and crafting.Each run is randomize, a la FTL.  You get a starmap that goes left to right and you pick your next destination after clearing out the current one.The graphics are really nice, and it includes a screenshot mode.  It's cool to hit the screenshot mode button and gimbal around your spacecraft, especially during dogfights.   You can see all the projectiles flying away and towards your ship.There is progression outside of each run, as you're allowed to keep your credits and upgrade your ship and systems.  Currently there are 3 ships you can use in the game, each ship is based on a different class.  The starting ship is the interceptor, which is a good all-around, soldier type ship.  Then there is the gunship and the scout ship, which are purchasable when you get enough credits.Each sector is different, bringing their own environmental hazards, and tactics.Do you try and lead the enemy into the event horizon of a black hole?  Try to outfly them in the asteroid field?I realize the price is a bit high, but I'm happy with my money spent.  There is almost unlimited replayability. If you're looking to play a space game without continuing one of your toons and getting all involved in one of your other games, then Everspace is perfect.  Load it up, kill things and take their stuff.  You can save at each sector, which is nice, and resume your game after.  If you die, you restart and try again."
,Recommended,396750,25525150,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,LazySumo,"Enthusiastic thumbs up! Very fun game! It has a lot of that ""just one more round"" thing that the greatest Civ games have."
76561198304804632,Recommended,396750,25532408,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zen Goheen,"yeah, I think I can give a small review now. I first saw this because of a Youtuber I follow, and he got some sort of early early access to this before you could get your hands on it on Steam I think. And it looks pretty cool. So I start to keep my eye on the timer here and the minute it released on steam I payed up.And I got to say, it's like FTL and Star Conflict got a baby. Only thing I feel a little annoyed about is the mouse aim, it's really just frustrating trying to keep the mouse in the middle at all time because the crosshair just stay on the screen you left it and the ship just constantly keeps turning. I would like to have something more like Star Conflict and War thunder when the crosshair moves to the center by itself. It's like the ship is chasing the crosshair.Hopfully they give out some more aim options in the future. (They did!!!)Other then that, I haven't noticed any perfomance hits, bugs, glitches and so on. It's amazing how stable this game already is. And it will be fun to see what more they will add to this game in the future, hopefully some more side missions and things to do in the zones you go to. They are a little the same in the end. And maybe some more base destructions, when you see a outlaw base you really want to feel that you made sure they can't use it anymore. So hopefully you can turn them into a pile of scrap in the future. And destroying things are always fun :3"
,Recommended,396750,25551978,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Infinimeme,"Make yourself comfortable, this is a long one.Given the recent drama that we've had with both Kickstarter and early-access, I was naturally a little cautious when I first saw the promotional material for Everspace about a year or so ago. I considered backing the Kickstarter, but I ended up deciding against it, wanting to see the game in a more complete state. Then it entered alpha and beta, and it was available on Rockfish's website for purchase. Again, I let it slide.Despite my skepticism, I was still pretty excited for the Steam release, even if it was early-access. We seem to be starved of decent space games lately, especially in the aftermath of the disaster of No Man's Sky, how underwhelming Elite: Dangerous was, and, let's face it, the impossible reality of Star Citizen ever reaching a full release. Even after Everspace hit Steam, I waited a day or two for the reviews to file in. I liked what I saw in the trailer, and, judging by many of these reviews, so did many other people. I was concerned about the $30 price tag, but I was convinced that I'd know within two hours whether or not this was a game I wanted to refund. So I finally made the leap and bought it.Everspace is a spacefighting roguelike, focusing on a more arcade-esque experience in movement and actual combat as opposed to a more realistic simulator. The game features full six degrees of freedom -- your ship can move in any direction, including strafing left and right and hovering up or down. Movement controls are handled with WASD, with hovering up and down on Space and Ctrl. The mouse is used to aim and steer. The gameplay progression has a lot of similarities to FTL:1. Jump into a new area2. Explore/fight3. Gather resources from exploration or fighting, which can be used to upgrade ship equipment or craft items4. Jump to next area and repeatIn addition to resources used for crafting, you also collect credits. While these are used during your current run to purchase items, fuel and repairs, a portion of your credits are used to purchase perks that take effect on your next run, once you die. Perks enhance a wide variety of stats, ranging from simple stat increases like shield and hull HP, maximum speed, and energy regen, to utility perks like loot rarity, how much of your money carries over when you die, the ability to loot your previous run's wreck, more slots for holding more equipment, and even the ability to start a run with a randomly-selected piece of gear. At this point, a decision must be made: Do you want to splurge on items that may help you win this run (or at least collect more credits down the road), or do you want to save them for when you die, so that your next run has a greater starting advantage?To give a sense of urgency (and to keep players from dawdling in one area for too long), after several minutes the player is given a warning that interceptors are approaching. Interceptors are fast, heavily-armed ships that can cause a lot of trouble for unprepared players, but in most cases they can be dealt with. If the player continues to dawdle, eventually colossal warships jump in with absolutely no warning at all, and immediately start laying into you. In most cases, fighting these ships is suicide, but I'm sure someone has managed to defeat one by now.Crafting plays a crucial role in Everspace. In addition to your primary and secondary weapons, there are a large collection of other pieces of gear to find, split into two categories: devices and consumables. Consumables are, as the name suggests, one-use items that give some sort of temporary effect. Devices are additional components that you can add to your ship, that usually provide some passive or active benefit, typically at the cost of requiring energy to activate (which is also used for your weapons and your speed boost), or by permanently reserving a portion of your maximum energy, making it unable to be used for other things.The narrative you're given is sparse, at this point being almost entirely provided by dialogue between the ship's pilot and its AI. The pilot seems unfamiliar with many aspects of the area of space that he's in, evidently a demilitarized zone following a recent conflict between the human Colonials and a reptilian race, the Okkar. The ship's AI offers little in the way of clarifying the pilot's objective, only that he follow the jump directions he's given. When pressed for more, the AI states that he can't divulge anything yet. Further narrative can be found from journal entries salvaged from the wrecks of previous pilots, but so far nothing has really clarified who you are or what your task is, other than ""reach your destination."" Their interactions are entertaining, though that's mainly because of how unwitting or insipid the pilot comes across as (which could be attributed to his laughably bad voice acting), when compared to the sharp, British wit of the ship's AI, who reminded me quite a bit of the AI from Defense Grid.Everspace's visuals are nothing short of stunning, which should come as no surprise, given that the game was built on Unreal Engine 4. The backdrop of every pocket of space is wallpaper-worthy, and brightly-colored particle effects make every combat encounter a dazzling lightshow. At the moment there may be some issues with optimization -- I run with an i7-4790k, GTX 970, and 16 GB of DDR3 RAM and it seems like that unless I start the game immediately after a fresh restart, I have issues maintaining a consistent 60 fps. Otherwise, the game runs relatively smoothly, with the exception of some sound-popping issues that are few and far in between.Overall, it's been a fun experience that I hope is a sign of more things to come. There are a few things in the promotional material that don't appear to have been implemented yet (such as the sector map), but the implementation for these also may have changed. The game has a remarkable amount of polish already, and I'm hoping that Rockfish makes good on their promise to see the game through to its completion. Only one ship is playable at the moment, with two more on the way, and the menus have a codex section which hasn't yet been implemented. Based on what I've seen, I'm finally confident in giving Rockfish my support in making the space game that so many of us have been wanting. If you're still not convinced, I totally understand. $30 is a lot to drop on a game that doesn't yet have the approachability of a final release. But, then, that's what these reviews are for -- to help others make a decision. If you don't want to buy it now, definitely pick it up when it goes on sale."
76561197972848293,Recommended,396750,25553365,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,sniperdogg,"What you are getting is an arcade like experience where you try to survive as long as possible grabbing temporary weapons and credits which you spend for minor stat or capacity upgrades for future missions. This is not a Wing Commander story driven game, this is more like a space pirate flight simulator.It is early access in terms of content, but the quality of the content is great. It just needs more variety and some additonal game modes to be a complete game. There is a lot of potential and the controls, graphics, and VO are AAA quality.----------------------Speaking to the developers: At this point it's a little lite for the $30 price tag. Without a story or other game modes i'd say this is more in the $20 range, but this is only an alpha so I'll reserve final judgment until it comes out. Being a seasoned game developer myself I'd highly encourage the team to just keep going. You are on the right track, so go crazy adding new enemies, factions, aliens, weapons and other random experiences to the current game mode before thinking about story or other game modes. I think they might be needed for a mass audiance but the core game loop works and primarily needs additional content to keep it from getting stale.The two new ships will be welcome but what i'd desire more is to modify my current ship in a more significant way. Let me personlize it and give me greater control of starting weapons and payload. I think there should still be powerful random drops but there is no reason not to give players a few choices earlier in the game. Let me start with an option of weak thermal guns or beam weapons.Overall happy with my purchase so far."
,Recommended,396750,25582414,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,AngryCelt75,12 hours in and I'm really liking this game. Be prepared to die and die again. Graphics are amazing and the game is challenging. There is a lot of variation as far as the levels go. They find lots of ways to kill you.
76561198271921903,Recommended,396750,25521349,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Tsunami,"EVERSPACE is a fast-paced rougelike that takes place within sever sectors throughout the universe. Your only given goal as far as story that is present is that you must ""reach your destination"". Immersive areas and incredible dogfights keep this game fresh for hours on end. Exploration is risky, but certainly worth it and definitely necessary in order to progress. The game looks and runs beautifully and I certainlly recommend it for someone looking for something new."
76561197989396964,Recommended,396750,25532293,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Missa l'Immortel ©,"This game worth playing, it's splendid. In fact of the many space combat etc... this one is probably on my top 3. The game controls are well done, you can fly where you want to. Graphics are really good.You should support Devs, they did a wonderful job on this one.Can't wait to see more, but for now I am starving to death.10/10 best space shooter in the market."
,Recommended,396750,26435553,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DarkMellie,"Fantastic grind... gorgeous, slick controls, highly addictive upgrade elements... give it a go."
,Recommended,396750,25581743,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,SupremeOverlord,It's fun. It's challenging. Love it.
76561198020784142,Recommended,396750,25539179,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,stefan32,"Do you like exploration, crafting and awesome dog fights in space, all with beautiful graphics? if the answer is yes then buy it now! This is an amazingly fun game and I can't wait to see what the Devs do next. You do die a lot in this game, each time you die you get to spend your money on upgrades. The ship feels great to control and is a lot of fun to fly. I bought this game as soon as it was released and I have not yet encountered any bugs. Probably worth it just for the amazing wallpaper I now have!"
,Recommended,396750,25555953,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ChargingdingleDE,Amazing graphics and challenging gameplay. Knowing Galaxy on Fire I hope for a good storymode later on. Better than No Man's Sky.
76561198058592137,Recommended,396750,28860949,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,zeith,Very fun game with a decent learning curve and variety of combat. took 20 lives to beat it many of them were from stuiped mistakes such as shooting the grey nano blob never shoot the grey nano blob. it is meant for mouse and keyboard though it will be much harder to play if you want you use a controller. this is still in early access but I will say there is enough content out that it puts some games that are fully realeasd to shame so don't worry about getting your bang for the buck.
76561198054538711,Recommended,396750,25514151,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Preceptorbat,"I've been looking forward to play this game for quite sometime, even though i thought by this time it would get a full release, but anyhow, this Early Access version is also good.It's a rogue-like space shooter, with good combat. Currently there's one ship whose different attributes and systems can be upgraded. You get some objectives at the start of every run, jump from system to system, fight outlaws and upgrade your ship.Sound can use a bit of work, even though it's an indie game, sound is what's holding this game back, because mechanics wise it's a solid shooter.What really stands out in this game are the graphics, UE4 engine is awesome looking and suprisinngly well optimized for this game.Have fun."
76561197995919399,Recommended,396750,25515652,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Arcade,"I just died after 25 minutes. Shot into oblivion because I hanged around for too long in the same area shooting baddies so their (sorta) capital ship appeared AND BLASTED ME INTO A MILLION LITTLE PIECES! Oh my god! This game is a blast. After this review I'm going right back to it because I think I didn't even make it past the tutorial yet because i got exploded. The combat is fun and fluid imho even with PC controls. A good amount of perks to choose from with the money you made from running your missions and as far as I can tell yes, it is a linear (or with some paths to choose to reach your end point) space shooter but it's amazing.You can use a scanner (or find it yourself) in the small areas where you warp to, to find friendlies, neutral mining NPC corps who are battling with outlaws for the ore, you can pick up the ore, find ore asteroids and mine it yourself by shooting it (less tedious than No Man's Sky), you can find weapon and material containers to help you upgrade your various systems such as guns, boosters, shield regenerators to be used in combat, sensor drones, etc.You might not be able to land on planets and explore the wildlife, but man, refund that No Man's Sky thing and BUY THIS MASTERPIECE ASAP if you're into space shooters and the like. It's only Early Access so as stated there's for example only 1 space ship to choose from but if these guys hold their end of the deal on providing the rest of the expected content without a decent amount of time, people will be asking ""what the hell is this No Man's Sky anymore? Everspace is the way to go!!"""
76561197983571667,Recommended,396750,25527261,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Wharbringer,"This game is beautiful, the sound is great, and the combat feels stressful. There were times where I had to 180 to GTFO and make a run for a jump. And as I'm being shot at and the jump is at 75% and I'm at 10% hull I found myself whispering ""survive"" like I was watching a god damn movie. Of course when I entered the next area I was shot on sight and exploded. But got damn what a rush.There is only one ship at this time but the customization is enough to not mind. Flight controls are tight. And exploration isolated it the best way possible.The aim seems slightly weird, seems like mouse acceleration but I could just not be good at it. Otherwise the game runs fantastic on epic and I'm very excited to see what the future holds as this is a great foundation for something special."
,Recommended,396750,25535412,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kaypai,"WOW! Im not a fan of the rogue like genre, but this blows me away. The graphics are gorgeous, its got a learning curve and is very fun. Ive had a better experience with this game then any other early access title. Runs alright on my system (i5 6500, HD 7870 / low end) on a mix of medium (only shadows), high and epic qualitys. Mostly a steady 50fps which is much better than I expected.I heavily recommend this game and its so good in its current state, with new ships and content planned for the future. Its a rule of mine to never preorder or judge a game on its early release, but this really good.Its FTL on steroids. I love it!- Sorry for any spelling/grammer mistakes :)"
76561198007868039,Recommended,396750,25975262,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,1BigKaBoom,A fun little space shooter. It reminds me of the combat of Wing Commander without the story element but with a few bells and whistles added in. Being able to upgrade your ship as well as all aspects of the game make it interesting. Don't be afraid of dying you will do that a lot and it's part of the game.
,Recommended,396750,26095152,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,davidtheterp,"A refreshing delightful romp through space. I feel like I earned every successful hit on an enemy ship and earned every firey defeat. The sarcastic robot voice keeps me company in the cockpit while everything outside that glass wants to kill me. The terrain tests my piloting skills as I fly through tunnels and scaffolding. The enemy AI forces me to make critical decisions on the fly as I take them down one by one. The perks, star map, and other meta-game elements encourage me to play on, even when I've been thoroughly whooped.Keep up the good work, Rockfish games; I'm looking forward to the finished product. I could only suggest the addition of dumber/slower/weaker foes to help stroke my ego as a new player, encouraging me along. And I feel jump gates could use some animation cues or voice instruction or feedback to better inform proper interaction with them. All in all, this is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,396750,25516375,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,GoldenGlovez,This is one of the best early access games I've played in a long time. A solid mix between FTL and Freespace.
,Recommended,396750,25516416,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Zindae,"Great rogue-like game in space. Intuitive controls, fantastic graphics without FPS drops and feels like you just can't stop playing. Early access means that not everything is implemented yet (only 1 ship so far, but PLENTY of perks that keeps it interesting) along with the unknown of ""what comes next?"".All in all a great experience, definitely worth Early Access price."
76561198024630019,Recommended,396750,25503823,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,AtheosisX,So far this game is amazing.  Kind of like FTL and an arcadey space sim had a baby.  I highly recommend this.
,Recommended,396750,25594453,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,manny01999,"I played about 5 hours of this game and ready to review. I like the premise of this game where even if you die, you can still play it, like it's less of a penalty than other space shooters. Normally in space sims if you die, you have to go back to the last station you were at with a credit penalty or redo a mission but in Everspace it's sometimes encoraged to keep dying in order to improve and go to the next sector.I guess ill cover the bad first. The Music is completely forgetble which sucks. The controls are floaty but it can be fixed somewhat if you lower the sensitivity down. The enemy uses only swarm tactics with numbers and drones, with the AI being very basic. I wish you could manufacture fuel as a craftable item instead of finding the few fuel astroids which would make it more realistic.I like where the game is going but im worried that with 3 playable ships that there wont be enough variety. I hope they keep adding more Items if they dont plan on adding more ships like more weapon selections, devices, etc to keep things interesting.In it's current beta form, id give it a 4.5/10"
,Recommended,396750,28673839,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,wildan3236,"Freelancer+FTL=EverspaceBeautiful graphics, amazing gameplay, best control, and pretty hard. But, there's one feature that i really want to see in this game, which is destuctibe subsystem (turrets,engine,etc.) on larger enemy ships like the corvettes."
76561198063631252,Recommended,396750,28869197,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,birdc,"After reading reviews posted for this game it becomes apparent that you die..... A lot! And that was putting me off.BUT.... there in lies the fun, with each death you become stronger and more equipped to deal with the various encounters along your journey. With easy to master controls a wide array of weapons and numerous consumables this is an easy to pick up game but hard to put down.HINT change the difficulty and work your way up!"
,Recommended,396750,33707413,Posted: 21 July,all,SuperDave3000,"Really fun arcade style rogue space shooter. Very fast paced.The controls are a little difficult to pickup at first, but once you get the hang of them strap in for hours of fun.Highly recommend using a flight stick if you have one available to you!"
,Recommended,396750,31869316,Posted: 20 May,all,Havoc,"Great game, just not my cup of tea. Hate the arcade-like mechanics of flight, and aiming is a little awkward. I guess I'm too used to Elite's flight mechanics. Will still recommend though for arcade-shooters. Graphics is top-notch."
,Recommended,396750,29568027,Posted: 29 January,all,Ishvii,"This game is great fun for the first 10 hours or so. It's jaw droppingly beautiful and really well optimised, and one of the most fun space flight games I've played for years. The roguelike mechanics put me off, I'd rather it was a full game, but it's good fun nonetheless."
76561198062996803,Recommended,396750,30849291,Posted: 31 March,all,BUKUCUCKOO,"Love this game, caught me by surprise. The graphics are impressive from this indie developer. It's not easy but there are three difficulty setting with each giving better rewards. Once you get the right weapons you'll have a better time playing but eventually you are going to die, over & over but you get to keep your upgrades. I think you should give it a shot."
,Recommended,396750,25690062,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mens Rea,"I've played this game a few hours and I feel there's a lot more to this game. However, I still feel I get the gist of what the game is about. The game is very pretty, it feels like a spiritual successor to an old game, called ""Demonstar"", the graphics really remind me of that. The gameplay itself is very engaging and it has great dogfight combat. However, I feel the game can be easier.Although I confess, most of the time, I die pressing R instead of E, and end up colliding headfirst into the nearest asteroid. Crafting is great. The permadeath actually tempers your will to charge into dogfights, which I appreciate. I wish there was more depth to the game, which I hope will be fixed when they add a storyline. This game has a lot of potential. I hope the devs realize that. They have polished the game a lot, but they need to add substance. A little bit of substance will make this game a great hit. Good luck to the devs.Buy this game! It's fun and makes you feel like an actual person living in the year 5000 AD."
76561197960770617,Recommended,396750,33638511,Posted: 18 July,all,pyotr,"What I like: Gorgeous graphics. Smooth controls (keyboard+mouse). Slick interface and overall a polished feel.What I don't like: the game has nowhere near the tactical depth of FTL. Instead, you get better at this game by grinding a lot for upgrades. I would have loved for the upgrades to just give more options, instead of straight up improving an existing stat.Recommended if you like arcade space shooters with a little bit of exploration."
,Recommended,396750,29903374,Posted: 13 February,all,dscx,"Reviewing on 2/13/17 - Still Early AccessEverspace has some of the most exicting potential in a long time. I have only finished one of the systems one time, so this review is pretty limited. I believe that as I get more upgrades and ships that the game will start to feel pretty different. I will be following and playing as the game develops.PROS:- Incredible scenery.- Wide variety of upgrades- Surprisingly polished. Only issue so far was a missing HUD for one system.- Great soundCONS:- Still a bit too repetetive. I can play for 30 mins or so at a time before it starts feeling too similar. Arrive, scan, shoot some ships, collect some screp, jump to new system. Repeat.- Seemingly unbalanced difficulties. Easy is a joke, but you feel strong. Normal is a tad on the easy side. Hard is almost not fun, at least for the part of tha game I am at (only 1 ship, few upgrades)- Bland dialogue and ""story"",  but that is expected in early access- Only 3 ships as of this writingTL;DR - Really fun space themed rogue-like with an insane amount of potential. Easy to reccomend to any fan of space games."
76561198019672075,Recommended,396750,32073144,Posted: 30 May,all,{HWG}Geoclisymmk2,"This is an epic tale of self dicovery stapped into a intersteller starfighter struggling to find your way through hazards and opposition whilst straining to find those precious resources and equipment that will allow you to travel sector to sector every death you experience is another few points of growth to your skill set and if lucky to you options, a fantastic pick up and blast or long haul game. My only gripe is that as with all random generated zone you can occasional be smashed at the outset, but that too can be turned into a crawl from zone to zone trying to keep your self alive."
,Recommended,396750,33032750,Posted: 30 June,all,KOS-MOS,To die in the beauty of outer space... is priceless!
,Recommended,396750,30457907,Posted: 11 March,all,Fisty Dollars,"One of the best looking games I've ever played, and I love the combination of genres involved in the gameplay. Highly recommended!"
76561197972213054,Recommended,396750,32030198,Posted: 28 May,all,stuffit25,"Love this!Game is one of those where its... just...one...more....zone....I've already spent 24 hours playing and im coming back for more!-Graphics are lovely, controls make perfect sense, havnt really seen much of the ""story"" as of yet but as you progress through each zone im sure it will become more apparent.-Crafting is basic - please put a little bit more in?Ships are basic as well - again please a little more range or the ability to shape your ship at the start with Perks etc"
,Recommended,396750,33199153,Posted: 3 July,all,Wheatley,"It's a fun, addicting game with space and spaceships. It's only a little bit sad that it's hard and unforgiving.The soundtrack is pretty nice and relaxing, but there is a lot of 'space' for improvement"
76561198003035482,Recommended,396750,25513409,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Nüsschen,"Short review after the first 6 hours:> positive:Good  graphicsNice sound and funny comments between ship and boardcomputerCreative Game Idea in generalprice is okeasy controllots of different weapons and equipment that changes your playstyle> negativ:becomes repetitive but you still find new details in every playthroughyou need to die a lot and upgrade you ship and find a lot of blueprints that make it possible to play it throughvery short turtorial, you have to find out a lot by yourself.no german version yet although it's a german developerWould give it a 8,5/10 yet, very good for an early access title. I am eager how the things the developer promised will be implementing in the final version will work out. I am positive that this will be a very great game then."
76561197976867472,Recommended,396750,27454234,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GOA,Fast. Deep. Fun.!
,Recommended,396750,25529421,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,click-clack,This is using E/A correctly
76561198052401256,Recommended,396750,26032444,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,paulally1,This has the potential for a top rated game. The graphics are great and the available gameplay is great. The controls are simple and the game is pretty easy to figure out without having to google every 5 minutes (like a lot of other games) just to figure out how to do something. It does get repetitive and every mission is basically a suicide mission. But I like that I can keep what I collect and use it to craft parts and upgrade my ship.  I am anxious to see how far they take this game.
76561198086027681,Recommended,396750,28500782,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Exponent,"Great early access stuff. Great graphics, and engaging battles. Difficult too and thats just on the normal setting. Could use to expand on customization of ships and pilot voices"
,Recommended,396750,28141813,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Riki,"Updates are slow but consistent and impactful. The game now has three ships since release. Runs smoothly, graphics are lovely, intuative controls, space battles are fun and plently of great environments. A great game to sink into now and then even in EA."
,Recommended,396750,28841697,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Warpig,FTL: Faster Than Light but everytime a fight starts its a dogfight instead
76561197963193523,Recommended,396750,25982108,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mr Salad,"If you enjoyed Freelancer, Starlancer and rogue-like games, this one is for you !Dogfights are nervous and brutal, but dont expect a strong storyline for the moment (it will be implemented soon)."
,Recommended,396750,34722963,Posted: 3 September,all,Scruffington,"The most fun I've had with a space shooter, ever.There's just so much to do and the combat is fantastic."
,Recommended,396750,29980944,Posted: 17 February,all,820,Interesting take on rogue-like space shooter game.
76561198098323728,Recommended,396750,25545485,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,BuddyGuy,I love this game.Each run feels fresh and exciting.I can't wait for more!
76561197971511315,Recommended,396750,25601215,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kinray,Great Game ! Lot of content for it´s current state. Can´t wait to look at the full version.
,Recommended,396750,25505439,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,SilenNex,Have been waiting for this since Galaxy on Fire 2.  I'm actually really liking the rougelike element.
,Recommended,396750,30771233,Posted: 27 March,all,please can you not,having a great time playing.feels fluidruns awesomelooks greatworth your shecks
76561198009156462,Recommended,396750,31988660,Posted: 26 May,all,Ces,"Finally, a roguelike that feels like it doesn't sacrifice core gameplay to the gimmick. I really missed good old space combat games, and this one fits the bill to a T. Combat feels good, environments are gorgeous, and the fundamental gameplay cycle is quick and satisfying. I can hop in for 10 minutes, clear a sector, save and quit, or I can sit down and blow through entire runs for a whole day.Plus you can repaint your ships and unlock alternate starting loadouts, and I have to say I enjoy the way they're parsing out story so far.You you like space shooters, this is just what the genre needed."
76561197995222493,Recommended,396750,25652644,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[AKn] Tenva,"Really enjoyable and immersive space roguelike.This game has some of the sandboxyness and persistent progression of elite dangerous coupled with the frantic pacing and high stakes of ftl. The result is something quite unique with a very strong 'one more try' feel every time you get blown to bits.The combat and the way the ship controls feel a little reminiscent of descent.Provided the developer keeps on adding new ships, enemies, structures, encounters etc. over time, then I can see myself playing this for a long time to come.However, should be noted right now that there are some issues with freezes / crashes and trying to close the game from the task manager slows my pc to a crawl for some reason. Hopefully this will be ironed out during early access."
76561198093696020,Recommended,396750,26239376,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,CASP3R,"if elite dangerous was directed by michael bay you would get everspace. that said its not worth the 30 dollar pricetag right now, needs more content. wish there was a meh maybe button but a thumbs up if you catch it on sale"
76561198133838714,Recommended,396750,25614844,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,IAmThyDuckLord,"EVERSPACE in a nutshell: Taking everything you know about No Man's Sky, put that on steriods, and then make that 10X better and there's EVERSPACE"
76561197961860435,Recommended,396750,27869953,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Whyte.Oni,"Live. Die. Repeat. In space, and randomly generated. You're going to die a lot, but each run you'll earn better starting perks. It's a great grindfest."
76561198130482495,Recommended,396750,25506794,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,IROH,"really great game. i can't wait to see what they add to it in the future, this will be a game i play for a long time coming."
,Recommended,396750,25537525,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,m A R T Y,"Beautiful graphics, slick gameplay, worth giving a try, wasn't for me but probably will be for you."
,Recommended,396750,28453867,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,imbamakaber,"Crazy good Rogue-like with Descent 6DOF-vibes, Freelancer-feeling and a slight hint of EVE Online."
,Recommended,396750,28408720,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Chibi Phoenix,"Amazing controls, very difficult and extremely rewarding!And they aren't even done making it :D"
76561198094340433,Recommended,396750,25561757,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,zenowulia75,"A week before i found it in Steam, i actually tried to install 15 years old game that i've never forget...""Sinistar Unleashed"". In Sinistar unleashed, they have CLUTCH pedal that make the combat so much fun. I've been looking and waiting for any similar game for more than 10 years. Finally found Everspace, and it's so much better!! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!"
76561198150268937,Recommended,396750,25506743,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,⎛⎝k.kate ⎠⎞,It is expected that developers offer more spacecrafts for players to choose.
76561197970362599,Not Recommended,396750,32696236,Posted: 23 June,all,TheMortom,"The game looks really nice and the presentation is good. The problem is it feels too repetitive. Every time something goes wrong I never have the correct elements to repair the ship and continue so die and need to start again. It really doesn't feel balanced at all. Where is the ability to use cash to buy things like Nano bots etc.I really like games such as FTL which is very difficult but you can find ways to recover. Generally when you die it's because of a bad decision you have made or a tactical problem. When you lose FTL It feels like you have done something wrong. This game is totally opposite. I've never had the opportunity to iepair my ship or find/buy the resources I need. It just feels random and no matter what decisions I make it doesn't matter. You just need to keep iterating over the same levels again and again until you upgrade your ship to something that will actually be useful.I can see after many hours of grinding you might have a nice ship and this game would be fun, but this game isn't for me."
,Recommended,396750,25670689,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,HellAlex,"So... This what I got after 22 deaths - a Flak cannon upgraded with fire rate 3 times, Pulse laser 2 got it already upgraded and a Gatling gun 2 with 3 range upgrades and on my way to the 5th sector. As I was thinking it couldn't be perfect as it is already, and then the inertial drives broke down and I start to drift in all directions. I already got most of the materials to repair the module, but I lack scrap, so I was thinking shooting some bad guys will give me some scrap - this far so good near perfect. Start a drifting combat near a minefield, dodge almost each mine and took down the ships and their drones, unequal fight 6 vs 1, but I won and got some scrap. Excited that I got some scrap and I will stop drifting like an old BMW without ABS, I check my screen for repair, but there is not enough scrap, exited the screen.... And then... Should I mention that I was still in the minefield...12/10 would enter a minefield again"
,Not Recommended,396750,32186471,Posted: 4 June,all,Gugel,The progression is fine. The combat mechanics are fine. The graphics are fine.  The game is fine. And that's just the problem. You can play this for a few hours before getting bored.  Every map is very similar and you have to constantly replay the same progression path over and over again. Not worth the the $30.
,Not Recommended,396750,32333550,Posted: 10 June,all,SolarNeon,"So far, I find the gameplay to be more repetitive, a lot like Unreal Tournament but in space with only a couple of choices of ships. There is more replay value in Freelancer than this game and Freelancer is over ten years old. The only thing I love about this game is the controls and the graphics. The story is almost nonexistent, which is a bummer because I have played Freelancer over and over because of it’s nice story. Each location you jump to is restricted to only a small space to roam and then you get too far away from everything.I cannot recommend this game for its current price. Maybe future updates will make it worth $29.99, but as of right not, to me, it’s only worth $9.99. Everspace has too much eye candy and not enough gameplay, ship customizations, and ships to be worth the extra $20. Also, I would like to see the space opened up more, like Freelancer."
,Recommended,396750,31963713,Posted: 25 May,all,Tim Curry Smile,"This is a roguel-like game that plays like Freelancer's combat with FTL's level + progression style.This took me completely by surprise because It looked like a modern Freelancer to me.It's a refund for me, but only because of the wrong expectations. The game itself is absolutely gorgeous."
76561198003648010,Recommended,396750,32820703,Posted: 26 June,all,Arkada,"A fantastic little game with a neat single player narrative set in space. It has a few parallels to the dark souls series in the sense that you will die, and die often, and death itself is the learning experience. One difference is that you get to keep any accrued funds you've earned on each run and re-invest those into your ship. Slowly but surely you will invest those funds into having better weapons, more hull, even a different ship and then you'll slowly start to reach deeper areas in space (the game calls them sectors). Combine this with some edge-of-your-seat dogfighting, some gorgeous visuals and a neat crafting system and what you have is a little gem of a game that can keep you going for the 30 odd hours it may take you to get to the end (depending on what difficulty setting you choose). Even after you finish the game, it has lots of replay value as you can collect many power-ups, finish collecting blueprints and get yourself into some messy fights or just keep upgrading your ship(s)."
76561198108348313,Recommended,396750,31788025,Posted: 16 May,all,Bubb,"Great game amazing graphics. Though I like galaxy of fire gameplay more because of open world setting. It's still a good game. But too difficult for me. There should be a free exploration mode in which we can peacefully roam the game world.UPDATE: Forget what I said earlier about free exploration and open world etc etc, I love the new gameplay. But I don't like colonial gunship, and the black hole. The colonial gunship requires skill which I don't have.About the black hole: The black hole in the game should be bigger, its gravity must be felt in the whole stage. Currently implemented black holes are weaklings with no effects like spaghettification, red shift or time slowdown on enemy fighters when close enough. No effect on nearby rocks. AR node container and whole planet in sector 7 are not affected by the black hole at all.Though it is not a perfect black hole, it does look cool. Planets look distorted when eclipsed by black hole. I would love to see a planet replaced by interstellar like black hole in future DLCs.Everything else about the gameplay is great, and graphics are INTERSTELLAR!"
76561197963327201,Recommended,396750,33071303,Posted: 30 June,all,Jhyrok,"If you like spaceshooters and rogue like...get it. Weapon crafting lovley graphics and great sound, havent tired on my Vive yet but looks very promising."
76561198045437259,Recommended,396750,33094856,Posted: 1 July,all,shades,"Enjoying this game, it is more along the lines of a FPS but set in space.  The physics do not appear to be true to reality, but this makes it easier to play. The normal diffilculty is just challenging enough to keep it interesting if a tad bit frustrating to occasionally die within 90 seconds.  You will die a lot in this game as that is how it was designed.  I am enjoying the dribs and drabs of the story line that you get from playing through it and the AI computer for your ship is refreshingly snarky!"
,Recommended,396750,33151026,Posted: 2 July,all,Chaotic Entropy,"It's not the deepest simulation of space combat, but it's pretty entertaining. Can be a bit frustrating being smushed by something very quickly when you feel that you are doing really well. The game handles disappoitment pretty well though, it keeps me playing."
76561198041869215,Recommended,396750,33165047,Posted: 2 July,all,Punky921,"So I hate rogue-likes, crafting, and exploring. If I see games with these elements, I generally steer clear. But I love space sim dogfighting games and those are in desperately short supply in 2017. So I grabbed Everspace while it was on sale, figuring if I hate it, I'm only out the cost of a 3D movie ticket.God, I love this game. I have always hated roguelikes for the progress loss, but you keep every hard-earned credit every time you die, and then you get to spend it on perks that make your next run just a little bit easier. Most of the time, I find death in roguelikes so demoralizing that as soon as I die, I shut it off and do something else. Not Everspace. I just spend every last credit I have on a variety of nifty upgrades, launch again, and see what happens. Sometimes your first area will be absolutely resource rich, and sometimes you'll just get shot up right out of the gate. It's all procedurally generated (something else I normally loathe, but now love).The KBAM control is surprisingly good, and while I own a HOTAS, I don't miss it in Everspace. If you can do FPS, you can do Everspace. In face, the 6 axes of control create an amazingly fun and fluid flight experience. You really do feel like you're in space. I wish there was a ""drift"" option, like in House of the Dying Sun, but we can't have everything, eh?If you like space sims and dogfighting, give this one a go. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,396750,33252731,Posted: 4 July,all,FledtheScene,Dogfights in space with a bit of FTL mixed in. Pretty good.
,Recommended,396750,32161604,Posted: 3 June,all,Pack,"An enjoyable and well polished game thats like a combination of Freespace, or other more arcadey space shooters of the 90's and 2000's and FTL.  Had the game since the beta stages and have enjoyed it quite a bit again since full release.It does not take itself seriously and is just pure fun.  Great for short and long gameplay sessions due to the auto save at the start of every zone in a sector.  Keep in mind this is a roguelike and has permadeath.Pros-----Triple A game quality Visuals despite it being an indie game.Great sound designEnemies are tough and come hard and fast with aggressive AILots of weapons and equipment vareity.Three ships each with their own unique items and play styles and possibilities.Three well scaled difficulty settings.Future content updates will be free according to the developers.Interactions between Ship AI and Pilot are pretty amusing.Nice musicCons-----Early sectors become a bit of a drag on repeated runsA couple of ""Gotcha"" deaths that could frustrate players the first time they happen.Story parts of the content are a bit bare bones."
,Recommended,396750,33410970,Posted: 9 July,all,ShanWow™,"Awesome rogue-like arcade space game. While it may not have the variety and crazy runs like a game like Binding of Isaac, the combat and game loop can be pretty satifsying.Wish there was a bit more variety, especially in the enemies and art assets. High-level of polish overall."
76561198008892779,Recommended,396750,32182046,Posted: 4 June,all,Oric,"Really enjoying this game so far. As many have said, it's a mix between Freelancer (combat, controls, upgrades) and FTL (Jumping between sectors, eplore at your own risk, prepare to die) Runs well, plays well on my machine, Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,396750,25507644,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Herr Ronin,"Well let's talk about my first run, so all went rather smooth. I got up to the last part before you have to use the jump gate, however I seen a trade ship and when I say trade ship I mean a mammoth of a thing, so I trade with it and look around for extra things to steal until a excellent idea came across my head.What ""if"" I shoot it or maybe kill it, I should have items right? I start shooting it and turrets from the hull start opening up on me, so I thought hey this will be fun so I manage to kill one turret and then run with my tail between my legs, find some nano bots and repair then go at him once more.It was going rather nice, half health on the traders ship until some interceptors came into the system, took them out and went back to messing around and guess what? some more interceptors came into system but this time there where two of them. I finished the first one and was starting on the next until my pilot shouted ""what the hell is that thing"" and to the corner of my eye it was a bloody carrier or a frigate and well... that's where my story ends.I lasted two seconds, just enough to get a glance of the beast.11/10 felt so small and powerless."
,Recommended,396750,33438777,Posted: 10 July,all,Sweetz,"I am not a huge fan of the roguelike/roguelite genre, but it turns out you just needed to put space fighter trappings on it (and also not be 2D with unintuitive controls like Galak-Z...) and it would be right up my alley!I got immediately hooked on Everspace.  I was initially worried about difficulty, but it turns out to be very approachable - especially with a gamepad.  Having permanent upgrades also adds a lot to the game - making you feel like you're working towards something even when you lose a run.The graphics are certainly a big part of the game's appeal.  It looks great and sometimes just seeing a cool sector can be as much of a reward as the gameplay itself.  It's the first game I've played that has made me want to see what it's like VR even though I hear the VR support isn't greatSome people complain about the game's lack of content - while it could use some different enemy fighter designs purely for visual variety, I think there's more than enough here between zone variations and weapons.  It took me about 25 hours to see every unique piece of gameplay content (i.e. every zone variety, ship, weapon, piece of equipment, etc.) and I still haven't unlocked everything or finished every challenge.  I'm still having a lot of fun with the game and could see myself sinking another 25 hours into it no problem.I think some people are expecting it to be a more traditional open world space game, but that's not really what it's about.  This is more like a roguelite FPS where you just happen to be spaceship that can strafe in 4 directions instead of a dude with a gun that can strafe in 2.My only major complaint is lack of remappable gamepad controls - the developers are apparently working on that, but, I did end up getting accustomed to the default layout."
76561198080649335,Recommended,396750,31062422,Posted: 10 April,all,Xilas,"Great graphics, fun gameplay and amazing controls. The music and atmosphere are incredible and the amount of customisation is deep and fun. It would be nice if some of the areas could feel a little more 3D - currently, a lot of what you fly through is very flat and planar, a height aspect would really make this game."
,Recommended,396750,32026274,Posted: 28 May,all,Original,"Tie Fighter, Freelancer, Freespace 2, Everspace.As not only a great rogue lite but a great space game this game belongs on that list. So much love has gone into the little details here from the radio chatter to the way the ships handle to the noise that mines make before they explode.Seriously recommended."
,Recommended,396750,31009145,Posted: 7 April,all,Authentic Hater,Classic space combat fused with roguelite elements and persistent progression. Very intense.
76561198002589014,Recommended,396750,31119466,Posted: 13 April,all,-=XX=-Nephilim,Tremendous Potential!Hope it keeps on growing loooong after initial release :)
,Recommended,396750,29393085,Posted: 21 January,all,twitch.tv/bbbfuthork,"This game is amazing for early access. Just decided to buy a new ship went heavy for now. Overall the game is gorgeous, and ive only experienced a few bugs which was like getting stuck in a mineable object. The game is a roguelike so if you arent in to that id suggest staying away. The game has a great upgrade system so far and any fan of roguelikes should give it a try. Well worth the money! Cant wait to see what future updates hold for this game."
,Recommended,396750,29323870,Posted: 17 January,all,Aramil,"One of my favourites games. It's still in early access but i played it around 30 hours, and i liked it. They can/must work on it but if they will do what they promised, i think Everspace will become my favourite game.Can you believe play this game in VR? Let's wait for the next updates, good job guys!"
,Recommended,396750,29116920,Posted: 8 January,all,Booral King,groovy game
76561197972318074,Recommended,396750,25514194,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SiBullSki,Big words and long sentences hurt my head so I will just sum it up. It's amazeballs
76561198164698516,Recommended,396750,25514307,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Durianade,"This game adds FPS element into FTL without discarding features like scattering resources, ship repairing and upgrading.Enjoy the game so far, but dont reccomend to buy in at the current price.Could it be another forever-early-access game? Let's find out."
76561197982798425,Recommended,396750,25610489,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,SlaughterSkin,In space nobody can hear you scream.  In EVERSPACE you will scream in joy from your suffering.  10/10 would scream again.
76561198161087522,Recommended,396750,25559333,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,dixonkean,"Great Game. The controls are super easy, and it's just generally fun to fly around. Only complaint I have is I more than once meant to roll right (E) or examine an object (F) but accidently hit R, which is your ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANNA GO FAST"" button, launching me into a nearby asteroid or ship and killing me. Though I suppose that's on me, as you can easily change the key bindings to whatever you like. But ain't nobody got time fo dat."
,Recommended,396750,29176052,Posted: 10 January,all,The Daedalian,"StoryPilot (in it's current state) three different types of space travelling ships armed with an assortment of weapons and equipment to use at your discretion. Gather resources, craft weapon upgrades and useful devices, fight hostile enemies, and trade with or attack neutral forces. Jump from system to system and venture deep into a randomly generated world that is as rewarding as it is unforgiving. Death means starting back at square one but the transferring of credits allows for worthwhile upgrades that help push your next run one step farther.GameplayCalling the controls smooth would be an understatement. Every movement feels like an extension of the player command, as opposed to feeling like you're constantly battling the difficulties of flying in outer space. Everspace is neither arcade-like nor pure simulation, it's an enjoyable mix of the two. Challenging AI, tedious progression system, and randomly generated systems that though become repetitious in design, differ in loot, enemies, and structures.SoundEngaging music and quality sound effects. The dialogue between the pilot and ships AI can at times come off as odd (maybe even forced in terms of enthusiasm) given certain circumstances, like in combat or while exploring, but I wouldn't consider it hindering to the games tone.GraphicsUnbelievable. The store page screenshots are no exaggeration and the Early Access tag feels like some weird joke after you actually get into the game and start your first run. Incredible lighting and beautiful visual effects. Watch sparks and debris fly as you fire on enemy ships or mine resources inside a large asteroid. At one point I looted an immensely powerful missile and fired it a couple star systems later on large enemy cruiser... it looked like the death star explosion in Blu Ray... while running at 60FPS... in 2560x1080. Visible ship wear and tear after taking damage, detailed system atmospheres and space stations/ships.Replay ValueRandom system generation means no run will be the same. While trends in map design become apparent, Everspace still surprises me with something new to craft, fight, or avoid. Great deal of replay value and while it's still in Early Access, I feel that there is still a surprising amount of content.Wrapping UpAt this time I feel Everspace's primary downside is it's 'slight' repetitious gameplay and the feeling of exploration without a great deal of purpose. However, Everspace is everything you would hope for in a rogue-like space sim shooter and is (while still in Early Access) incredible in terms of quality and performance. While it comes with a moderately high price tag, I believe it's justified in it's continuous updates/support. Great game that is shaping up to be a very promising finished product."
,Recommended,396750,31996903,Posted: 27 May,all,Varázskobak,"First I would like to clear the things up:- This is a roguelike and exploration game. So you will shoot down everybody then spend hours to find a damn small box hiding inside of a cave if you want better weapons and stuffs. If not then you can continue to the next sector.- This game has a “story” which is not important as you want to shoot things and blow things up.- You only have 3 ships available. One you got from the beginning and two different looking. One has cloak ability. Which is the most useless stuff in a roguelike game. And one has heavy armour like a panzer… which is nice. But that is all.- You have the ability to build things from the find blueprints- You won’t have enough materials to build those things unless you spend that damn hours to collect them.- Do don’t have sensors… or at least it feels like. Which is dumb from a sci-fi game.So basically it could have been a damn good game if the developers wouldn’t force you to play like they want. In Early Access it had better stuffs and more fun, gameplay was more enjoyable despite there wasn’t any “story” in it.But as it's a good looking and good running game with ships and shooting. I recommend."
,Recommended,396750,31123574,Posted: 13 April,all,data turbotrades.gg,"Really great game, its literally FTL but 3D and way more fun!Edit: great to see this game made it out of early access, kudos to the devs, the game keeps getting better."
76561197999833039,Recommended,396750,31165091,Posted: 15 April,all,John Crichton,"This is not a simulator, you should not think it's a realistic game. But when you expect this to be an arcade space shooter with rougelike elements - it is an awesome, great quality and very fun game to play.It's beatiful; gameplay is addicting; controls feels great; it has a very good soundtrack, fitting nicely in spaceship shooter conception; there is a perk system and roguelike elements to it, such is permadeath and random levels generation; some story is included, as well as fun dialogs between pilot and ship's A.I. :)Overall - the game is just really fun, beautiful and addictive. Don't consider it as a serious space sim and if you want some arcade spaceshooter - you'll enjoy this a lot."
,Recommended,396750,25711607,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Lenny,Fun game.
,Recommended,396750,32118414,Posted: 1 June,all,ATheiss,"Action version of FTL.  Super fun, just wish there were a few more ships!"
,Recommended,396750,32092043,Posted: 31 May,all,shakm,"VR USERSSTAY AWAY!APPROACH WITH CAUTION!EDIT: Updated this review to thumbs up, since I'm now having fun inspite of the remaining issues.I'm sure there's a great game hiding somewhere in this, but for VR honestly NOTHING works well.Many users can't even start the game and the devs are probably currently at a loss, suggesting things like ""restart your computer"" and ""update your graphics card"" (which of course is a hail mary and didn't work).EDIT: The latest patch seems to have fixed most crashing problems. It still crashed one time on me, but it is now bearable.Menus, cutscenes, crosshairs etc are all over the place, but NEVER centered as they should be. After recentering (by pressing f8) the main menu was like 10 meters below me, the first cutscene played behind me and like 5 meters above me and the head-aiming crosshair wasn't where i was looking, making it unusable.EDIT: After running the Oculus sensor setup a couple of times, the main menu appears at first where it should be. Yet the F8 and crosshairs problems remain. Because there are only few cutscenes and there is some auto-aim help (the crosshairs snap onto an opponent if you place it near them) I can now call the game bearable.You can't use the keyboard while in VR. If you do it will crash the game like 50% of the time. Oh yeah, and remember that recentering can only be done using the keyboard... (i mean really, who thought of that?!)EDIT: After the recent patch, it almost never crashesUsing the xbox one controller i can't yaw or roll (the right stick is completely dead).EDIT: Fixed by going into Big Picture Mode, controllers and disabling the xbox controller option (Just remember to re-enable for other games that need it)EDIT: Now that I can actually play the game, here's a few more interesting points for potential buyers:+ There's an option to control weapons aiming with your head (you shoot where you look), while independently piloting your craft with the controller, which is awesome.+ The default control scheme may seem weird at first (strafing with one stick, yawing with the other and switching yaw to roll by pressing down that stick), but stick with it, because it's actually really practical and well thought out for this particular game.- Although visuals are pretty, I don't really get the feeling of depth. And in order to achieve even medium quality visuals (anti aliasing, supersampling, shadows etc) you'll need a top of the line gpu (I'm on a gtx 1070 and prefer to play with medium-to-low settings."
76561198094260678,Recommended,396750,32189250,Posted: 4 June,all,::,"So far the game is pretty addictive, interesting, and well balanced.Had to review this because several reviews complained that the game didn't allow certain movements. I almost didn't buy the game because i was afraid of that but it turns out that you can do all aerial movements. You can roll the craft with Q and E. The others are done with WASD and mouse. Not the best control scheme for if you like rolling in your fluid flying, but it works!"
,Recommended,396750,34307143,Posted: 17 August,all,MVP Bluntman,"Rogue-like, Rogue-lite, expect repetition, combat is good, visuals are good, its based around twitch based combat. Has proper Nebulae and Blackholes with actual accretion disks. Progression is based off equip that get more solid over time based off scaled RNG. Ships get progressively better through perks. The game was once Early Access and really does prove that there are some diamonds in the rough.Negatives: I cant think of any that essentially come to mind, other than some of the story elements, but they've been improved over time as well, and isn't necessary in the first place for this genre of a game.For 30 USD, totally worth."
76561198054120040,Recommended,396750,30673357,Posted: 22 March,all,Helpful Bot,"This is what a space shooter should be like.Some pros:Beautiful environmentsSeamless gameplaySpace obstacle courses?!Rogue Legacy Gameplay !High DifficultyVery funSome cons (nitpicking in case a dev reads this):Gunship design - no shield because reasons?HUD Icon contrast and visibility issuesScrew you mineable ore - taking HUD space and my attention.UI could still be improved - not sure how but not my jobShips are singular entities; no part targeting or destruction besides the players shipF*CK*NG LIGHTNING STORMS IN SPACE - I like them but they make me angrified.No regen perks or devicesArmor sucksThe dev team seems slow but the waits are most certainly worth the content given. Heres a hint to new players though, don't buy the Gunship till way later in the game."
,Recommended,396750,31388677,Posted: 26 April,all,The Dude,"The game is so good I just played 4 hours straight no resting, all you know bird chirping. FML"
76561198207226487,Recommended,396750,33899876,Posted: 30 July,all,Snazzy Dragon,">finally got pilot skills and scout maxed>blows through sector 1-4 with ease>sector 5 gets rough but it's nothing some smooth piloting and cloak can't handle>sector 6 approaching, excitement because I'm nearing the end>warp into sector 6, achievement unlocked, ready to go>first system is a total pushover. I tell myself ""i've got this"">warp map comes up, all sectors are red, no repair stations or traders on the map anywhere>all paths have 2-3 natural hazards, but whatever, most have been only annoying, not really dangerous>goes with mid lane bacause I heard mid lane is best RNG>first system has minefields everywhere, 2 singularities, blows through all nanobots within a minute>barely make it out of first system>second system is close to a star, ship is overheating, components are failing, minfields are everywhere, there's a jump supressor somehwere, outlaws have like 5 bases>explodes in an ungodly hail of mines and missiles while being baked to a crisp>jump suppressor was on a frigate all along anyway, rigged10/10"
,Recommended,396750,30655022,Posted: 21 March,all,Alan Wolf,"Game runs nicely on my MacBook Pro, had me going there with that loader thinking it was going to crash first time out - but all fine.  Pretty stable for an Early Access title, kudos there.  As for the actual game...Everspace is as brutal as it is engaging!Love that dynamic smartass banter between the the PC and the ship computer!Love how this game takes Wing Commander: Privateer and Descent then mashes it all into a Rogue-Like action game!Early Access, I'd say this one is worth betting on!  Love to see what's next."
,Recommended,396750,25514795,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"I just want to cry and admire the beauty of this game.Visuals are stunning.Audio is very nice aswell.Controls are quite easy, hard to master but possible.Smooth gameplay, unforgiving enemy's.allies too if you attack them :DNo seriously this game (as of yet) is outstanding.I RECCOMEND THIS TO ALL MY FRIENDS...ohh if there only was multiplayer ;)Edit: the music -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DzlYVFU8Oo"
,Recommended,396750,33983532,Posted: 2 August,all,Darealyst,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing game. After a couple hours of gameplay, I'm blown away completely by the fast gameplay and great visuals.As a huge fan of Elite Dangerous and Roguelites, this game is heaven for me. Literally heaven.TL;DR of my post.Bad sound effects/music. Annoying.Not enough depth yet, but DLCs are coming.Great combat, great controlls.Good mix of Roguelite and Space shooters.If you like Elite Dangerous and Roguelites, buy it. I think on sale would be better, as it needs a bit more depth to reach $30. I think a more fair price would be $20, but that doesn't mean I regret buying it.Now for the long review.I'll start with the cons first.- Horrible soundtrack. I mean HORRIBLE. Just plain awful.- Sound effects are just.. too awful. I get that its in space. I get that everything should sound drowned out and muffled. I get it. Maybe I'm pampered by Elite Dangerous, but I love hearing the sounds of the guns and explosions of enemy ships. The thrusters and all that jazz just combining to make a beautiful symphony that just gives you immersion. Do yourself a favor and turn on the FTL Soundtrack in the background. You'll thank me later.- Perk Tree is OP as ♥♥♥♥. You're going to die nonstop when you first start playing. Like, literally on the first enemy. But after you get perks, it becomes lackluster. I wish it would be more powerup centric, similar to Binding Of Isaac. But still, it works well, still gets hard as the levels progress. (I haven't beaten the boss yet, by the way)- Story is easy to predict. Bleh. Who cares though, its a Roguelite.- Only 3 ships! I know theyre going to add DLCs later, but ♥♥♥♥ me. Its just SLOW AND TANKY, FAST AND SQUISHY, AND MEDIUM. Add some depth! Again, this is probably me being pampered by FTL.- Not enough powerups! This is pampering from Binding of Isaac, and again, DLCs inbound. So maybe this'll be fixed.- Did I mention awful soundtrack and sound effects? Seriously just awful.- The trader seems lackluster as ♥♥♥♥. Maybe I don't have enough perks, but damn am I missing the FTL traders.- No mod support yet. This game would be the absolute best game on earth with a Steam Workshop added in. Again though, Devs mentioned that they were going to work on DLC 1 before working on Mods, and Unreal Engine is super capable of having mods on the games that run it.Pros+Fantastic combat system. Controls are AMAZING. (I started on Xbox Controller, as I came from Elite Dangerous, and it was necessary, and boy do i regret it. ONLY USE KEYBOARD AND MOUSE)+The ""Open World"" feel to the zones. The exploration factor of each individual zone of each sector is awesome. Scavenging for supplies and crafting your favorite weapon or upgrading it, feels good.+The Roguelite aspect blends perfectly with the core idea of the game. Much like Rogue Legacy, you begin to feel your progression after hours of beating your head with a broken baseball bat.+IT HAS BEAM LASERS AHHHHHHHHHH+Crafting system is ACTUALLY well done. At first, I cringed at the fact that another game threw in ""Crafting"" for the sake of having the Keyword come up when you searched for it to lure in 12 year olds, but damn does it work well.If you like space combat and you like roguelites, please do yourself a favor and buy this game right now. You will NOT regret it. And if you do, just refund the ♥♥♥♥er before you get 2 hours of gameplay on it. Easy."
76561198272767355,Recommended,396750,34011420,Posted: 4 August,all,diegoabujo,"I have been buying space games for about as long as I've been alive. When I was a kid, it was Star Fox and Star Fox 64, and when I was a teenager, it was Battlefront 2.And then a lot of disappointments . . . ""project sylpheed"" for 360 . . .  some other one with a name like Omega Bulls**t Who Cares . . . many downloaded and emulated games on the computer, all inevitably turning out to be organized frustration adventures with a space theme . . . But there were bright spots! Like Mass Effect 2, which is in no way a space flight/combat sim, but still lit up those ""space adventure"" neurons in my brain. And getting Star Fox 2 up and running. And the 2 levels of space dogfighting in Halo Reach, which I completely wore out until I could beat them on Heroic with all the skulls.Anyway, this is the game I was waiting for. It really feels like you're flying in space, not just ""flight simulator minus ground."" The strafing helps a lot with that, it feels like the basic ship moves less like a fighter jet and more like the Defiant-- I certainly feel ready to fly rings around DS9 while whomping some birds of prey, should the occasion arise. The game is challenging, at times very tense, but never mindlessly stressful, and there are plenty of nice opportunities to just fly reckless around medium-size asteroids, or calmly idle through a giant one collecting crystals. Just hovering at the edge of space, scrapping and trying to stay out of trouble (while secretly hoping to get into trouble).Full disclosure, I'm typically a console gamer, and I'm playing this with a PS4 controller on an early 2015 macbook pro with an intel iris graphics card (I bought the macbook for writing, and I typically just play modern 2d games on it like Not a Hero, Cryptark, Westerado, Drive to Hell.) This machine should in no way be able to play this game, but I downloaded it anyway, and you know what?It works! To get it to run smooth, and get my macbook to not sound like I was torturing it, I turned every graphics feature off, or all the way down, and I'm playing it windowed, on the lowest possible resolution-- and it still looks damn good! I'm sure the developers would be horrified :) but it looks good enough to appreciate the beautiful art design, runs smooth, and plays great. I zoom in on the window and splay it onto my flatscreen with the HDMI cable, and I'm sailin'.Devs, THANK YOU for not making this VR-only, THANK YOU for making it very adjustable so I can run it on a little macbook, THANK YOU for this game! I promise not to record or stream it until I'm playing it on a computer it was spec'd for! :) :) :)I look forward to the day when I can get a dedicated gaming pc and really experience the game as it was intended-- but seriously, even without VR, even in 800X600, this is a top notch game. Now, if I could just get those damn Okarans off my back . . .Space!"
76561198009104417,Recommended,396750,32199869,Posted: 5 June,all,Uzgul,"My initial impression was awe and amazement as the graphics are beautiful.Then, I was dissapointed by how hard the game was and I kept dying, then, I figured out that you just need a few playthroughs to level up enough.At that point, awe and amazement came back. I highly recommend this game.The positives for me are:- great graphics- great 3D combat with plenty of weapons and tactics to choose from- a space game where you can fly in 3D (unlike Rebel Galaxy which I love too but is only in 2D)- fitting music- cutscenes that are not as beautful as the game (I hate games where devs spend more time on cutscenes than on gameplay)- plenty of content, a true sense of exploration- a nice story that doesn't get in the way"
,Recommended,396750,32199320,Posted: 5 June,all,Cipollone,"I rarely review games, ever.But this one took more time than I ever would have imagined.It's really a fun game. A fun space game. A fun, great looking space game, and I think it's exactly what I needed!"
,Recommended,396750,31996935,Posted: 27 May,all,aloneaqle,"**********************Turkish**************************Bence kendi türünde mükemmel oyun olmaya çok yakın. Fakat kesinlikle daha fazla geliştirilebilir, sağlam güncelleme/ek paketlerle birlikte harika birşeye dönüşebilir. Geliştiricinin oyunun geleceğiyle ilgili planlarını bilmiyorum, dün gece oyunla tanıştım ve hakkında henüz hiçbirşey okumadım.İleride hiçbir güncelleme/ek paket gelmese bile, bu fiyatıyla almaya/oynamaya 100% değer.**********************English**************************I think this is pretty close to perfect game for its genre. But definetely has more potential, it might become something wonderful with good updates/expansions. I'm not sure whats the dev team planning for future updates, i just found game last night and haven't read anything about it yet.Even if there won't be any major updates/changes, with this pricing its still worth to buy/play core game 100%."
,Recommended,396750,32101123,Posted: 31 May,all,Haethei,"Have only played this for a little while at the time of this review, but I'm already in love with this game.Awesome gameplay mechanics, upgrades, secrets, challenges, achievements, forgiving easy difficulty setting for less skilled players like me, runs very smoothly, a story worth paying attention to as you go through the game, well composed music for both exploration and combat stages.Only downsides I can think of would be how the audio seems to mess up occasionally and play at a much louder volume than normal for a second or two, maybe that's just a problem with me, but it only happens rarely so I definitely recommend picking this up if you like space combat games and roguelike elements :)"
,Recommended,396750,32206162,Posted: 5 June,all,da0wn3r,Fun and fast-paced game. Nice for in between.
,Recommended,396750,34096257,Posted: 7 August,all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"Wicked rogue like who had games like Star point Gemini 2 & Faster Than Light for parents. This game plays with a controller but it is a keyboard and mouse game in my opinion. You take on the role of a clone, this allows you to get replay and level up, you cannot carry money forward.The game looks amazing, plays great with some nasty ai to torture you, its fun."
76561197994059145,Recommended,396750,29083829,Posted: 7 January,all,lowpolygon,"FTL with action combatI love this game.The first time I saw this game , I wanted to get it. But I have a thing on buying Early Access games since I have been burnt so many times. So I waited.Until Winter Sale came...dev puts out a discount..not much but the game is already very tempting. So I got it.As soon I started playing I am hooked.Graphics are awesome, combat is fluid and fast. I love these lillte chat between pilot and the ship AI ( I think it is AI)The game feels like FTL but comabt feels like StarLancer.However the game is not without it is flaws. But these flaws are minor and will only hinder your enjoyment ever so slightly.Currently there are 3 ships you can choose from- Intercepter- Scout-GunshipThey all behave differently, at the moment I have only tried Intercepter and Gunship . And I love the gun ship.While it is true that it doesn't have a shield, I find its fire power are more than enough cover its lack of shield.The games ends when player dies, but you do get to keep perks you invested . So the game do get easier and easier.But not that easier.So if you like FTL, Rougue like sci fi ,and fast paced combat. Give it a try. If you do not intend to buy an Early Acces game, then make this game on your wish list and keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,396750,33446904,Posted: 10 July,all,halfdeck,"There's a lot to like about this game in and out of VR - that said, here's a list of issues that, when resolved, would make the game a lot easier to recommend:cons- in VR I lose control of the menu and have to ALT-tab out of the game and restart.- In VR, I'm not able to scroll all the way down inside Build item list - either with mouse+keyboard or xbox controller, so basically in VR I have limit options of items I can build- can't get solid 90FPS in VR, with 1070- limited range of enemy ships- shadows inside VR cockpit is blocky- warp destinations and other markers in the VR hud is positioned in a 3D space in a way that makes the cockpit feel transparent (those markers should be positioned inside the cockpit, not outside - the target recticle is ok to be outside, in front of the ship- roguelike gameplay is repetitive and story isn't engaging"
76561197974653922,Recommended,396750,34281890,Posted: 16 August,all,yklooppi,"Highly engaging gameplay, beautiful graphics, great audio and unexpectedly good voice acting. Story was interesting enough, if not remarkable. A great feeling of progression as you improve your craft and dogfighting skills and generally the challenge and learning curve were well balanced. Some people may find the rogue-like aspect of the game repeatitive, but I found it quite enjoyable. Highly recommend! Only regret is that I didn't have the equipment to play in VR, as that may have been mind-blowing.(Note: Steam claims I've played for 5 minutes, I have in fact finished the game three times in it's entirety)"
,Recommended,396750,32013350,Posted: 27 May,all,Rock Hardstone,"A truly beautiful, challenging, and addictive game.  If you don't own a VR headset and are wondering if the experience holds up for traditional screen gaming, it absolutely does.Everspace is perfect for fans of Rogue-lite games (permadeath, but upgrades bought in between runs persist). The combat system is simple, but surprisingly customizable as you advance, and there are enough different types of enemies that combat requires adaptive strategies.A Tip: if you find it difficult to hit enemy ships, try turning down the graphic settings; these ships are fast, so even the slightest lag really hurts your accuracy."
,Recommended,396750,31992550,Posted: 27 May,all,IguanaMan :),"Fantastic space dogfighting game. Imagine for a second if Starfox64 and Elite Dangerous had a baby, and FTL is named the godfather. For years I have wanted a solid spaceship action combat focused game that looks this good. Fair warning however, I have not been able to beat the game yet on the easiest difficulty, so do not go in expecting to not die horribly for a half dozen runs.(edit: It took me 5 hours to beat the game on easy. Turns out that was only the beginning...)Also, as a steam controller user, this game feels like it was designed specifically with it in mind. Absoltely flawless. I recommend the Mouse Region community config."
,Recommended,396750,33710777,Posted: 21 July,all,The Tawny Owl,It's like freelancer and ftl got together for some midnight nookie and produced a love child. I love it! Any fans of roguelikes and freelancer style combat should buy this game.
76561197968305777,Recommended,396750,31875803,Posted: 20 May,all,[m3At] Fishman,"Beautiful and fun game, really enjoying it."
76561198041167795,Recommended,396750,34275353,Posted: 16 August,all,Maddog2040,"Well.. what a great little space game this is, lovely graphics, simple gameplay, but lacks HOTAS support, which is is a shame, you need it but KB/mouse suffice. Only has the 1 save spot with continue, if you need to start a new game it is in options/game/reset game run. Story is in cut scene memory flash backs, simple in design but carries you forward. Area of operation has a invisible barrier/warning system so you can't travel to far from where you warp in but you will see where to go for battle and scavageing for resources. Conversations with the on board computer is funny at times and adds to the story. I highly recommend this space gem, you won't be sorry, maybe get it on sale for a little better value."
,Recommended,396750,34182505,Posted: 11 August,all,Wanderlust ✨,"An incredibly challenging, yet fun game, Everspace is easily worth the $30 I spent on it. It has a simple look to it, but it is actually a very complex game, and a very good roguelite. The enemies you face are challenging, and the crafting system and RNG can seriously improve the game, without being something you can always rely on without failure. Overall, Everspace is a very challenging, fun, and visually stunning game. Definitely worth the money."
76561198079583666,Recommended,396750,30667463,Posted: 22 March,all,shane.grillo,You wouldn't know going in this was an unfinished game. Controls are very tight and the areas look beautiful. Looking forward to a full story mode.
,Recommended,396750,32112835,Posted: 1 June,all,G3ntle,"I've only played Everspace for a short amount of time, but in my time with it it's already become one of the single greatest indie titles I've ever experienced.  The graphics, the story, the tight and perfectly responsive gameplay.  Everspace is an immensely satisfying experience that I would recommend to anyone, whether you're a fan of Rogue-likes or space shooters or both, or neither.  I'm definitely not hugely into space shooters myself but this game has me HOOKED.  It's a difficult game to step away from.If I would suggest anything, it's that perhaps more ships could be added later on down the line, as only having three to choose from is somewhat underwhelming.  I think some difficulty rebalancing is also in order.  The game does have a pretty nasty habit of throwing you into the deep end whether or not you're prepared for it.  I've had plenty of cheap deaths occur because I end up spawning too close to a singularity, or in the middle of a squadron of enemy fighters that are all too happy to tear me apart before I can react.All that said, I still think the game is a masterpiece in the making, and my hat goes off to Rockfish Studios.  Definitely recommend picking this one up."
,Recommended,396750,32279783,Posted: 8 June,all,SpartanGlow,"Okay, I don't do many of these so here goes. I was sceptical at first due to being disappointed in the past. No, I'm not referring to No Mans Sky but rather the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor marketing campaigning of games with misleading information. Graphics isn't everything. Story isn't everthing.This game has great graphics and the despite not having joystick support due to the Unreal engine it works great with a keyboard and mouse. If you're a console 'person', controllers are supported.It describes itself as a space game with roguelike elements and lives up to that. The UI is clean although you can't scale it. The dogfights have a real feeling of g-force and the upgrades (perks) you buy give you better everything.I was confused at first when I died but that is part of the story; of which I won't spoil. It has good balancing and although there are crafting elements it isn't Fallout 4. Its go there, get and if you get enough you can make stuff. Its nicely uncomplicated.In short this is the first space flying game I have played since ' Earth and Beyond' (for which I was a beta tester). Sadly it didn't last long and haven't played one since for more than a few minutes. I've racked up a good few hours so far and haven't lost the interest."
76561197970810356,Not Recommended,396750,33411769,Posted: 9 July,all,neiklot96,The game crashes every time I play it now so moving on
,Recommended,396750,34351624,Posted: 19 August,all,tdDaz,"A very enjoyable, good looking and fluid space shooter. Wonderful implementation of the roguelike and player progression mechanics and enough variation in the levels and enemies to keep it interesting on return playthroughs."
76561198020358282,Recommended,396750,25515256,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Loved From Above,wow been waiting for a game like this for ever.great game
76561198015826293,Recommended,396750,25803140,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Evil&Mad SpiderPig,"Hi all!Even at this stage of the development the game is worth the money. It have gameplay very similar to ""necropolis"". Very colorful graphics.The game generates different interesting situations. Sometimes game locations shock you) Like one with black hole or another one with clouds which turn off ship sensors) Very funny dialogs between pilot and his ship AI. Only what I want - is more different playable ships (now available only one), more items.Highly recommended!"
76561198039475113,Recommended,396750,25848721,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,leshawk,one of the best space game of all timeim looking forward to the full game it mad !!!!
76561198034526541,Recommended,396750,25849196,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,bune,"EVERSPACE™ is an intense space shooter with stunning procedurally generated enviroments, the game is currently in early acess as of 16-10-03 so some features are missing, but it promises to have 3 playable ships (currently only 1), more enemies, equipment, story elements and new enviroments. For what it is it's a enjoyable way to burn off time as it keeps you interested and wanting more with it's fast and sometimes chaotic combat, i await for the many features this game has to offer."
,Recommended,396750,26551736,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kelmenwong,"this game encourage you not to die, but even if die, it's not bad, because u can only level up your perks after dead."
76561198035861365,Recommended,396750,27365259,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hayzeus,"Honestly, I was pretty skeptical about this game at first.Although I havent had a lot of time to put into it recently, I got hooked real quick.I feel that there's constantly just new, awesome things being thrown at me every time I play it.Also it's updated fairly frequently.The concept of this game and the execution are both awesome.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,396750,28964299,Posted: 2 January,all,Trap,"Think FTL, but 3D and faster."
,Recommended,396750,25650811,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,yamaan93,"to start this game looks AMAZING. and the gameplay is full of actions and doesnt leave you grinding, the downside is, when you die, everything you got in game is gone. i know its a rogue shooter, and thats how it supposed to be, but i just which that if you get to sector 3 and die in the middle of it you should start in the beggining of sector 3. what im saying is each sector should be a checkpoint, because if you couldnt get past a sector the first 15 times, you probably wont the next 15 times. but other than that the game is amazing and i would only not reccomend it to people who dont like the idea of starting over every time you die."
,Recommended,396750,25757819,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Admiral Kirk,"Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 5/10Graphics 9/10Replayability 7/10Overall8/10Nice game so far, has awesome space combat and dogfights."
76561197998881490,Recommended,396750,25758066,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,nerd.o.love,"This game is already allot of fun to play. I am sure i don't understand crap about how to play, but having a blast. Getting used to dying as a part of progression is...odd but fun. The robot voice cracks me up allot too. More finished in alpha than the last space sim I bought."
76561198005216657,Recommended,396750,25760365,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,camroidv27,"I will review this game at the stage that I bought it, expecting nothing to be added or changed from this point forward (as one should for any Early Access Game).Quick version: Combine aspects of FTL, Descent (and Freespace), with crafting and breathtaking visuals, you get this game.The visuals in this game are amazing, planets, asteroids, ice chunks, stars, etc... its all very pretty and picturesque to look at while running around and blasting stuff.  But, good graphics do not make a good game.You will run into the same enemies over and over, same ship models, same wrecks, same asteroids, etc... just in different positions and strength.  Its fun, though a bit repeated.  At the moment, for me this is fine, and I still want to continue playing, and re-playing each run.  Just know you aren't going to get a huge amount of variety in the combat department right now.Voice acting is okay.  I don't know why, but I would rather that the ""pilot"" doesn't speak, just the AI computer thing.  I don't want to be acting as this character, but as myself in this beautifully designed world.  I love the AI voice, but the Pilot voice emotions don't often fit with the scenario.  There's always subtitles.Using an XBox 360 controller works fine... a Steam Controller, not so much.You die.  A lot.  As in, it feels like its part of the narative, or maybe goal of the game?  I like it when games actively address death, and acknoledge how it is you can die repeatedly.  For each ""life"", you are given a new name (male only right now) to grow attached to.For me, this method of game play is perfect.  With a hectic home-life, I don't get to sit down and game for hours at a time.  This game gives me a good half-hour run, before I am destroyed by something (I need to get better... I've only gotten to Sector 3).  Anything I do in this run credits and blueprints wise, will help me in the following runs (which will happen on other days since I just don't have the time...) which is a nice change to the typical Rogue-like genre where you start from scratch everytime.  Makes it so the constant death is not as grueling."
76561198025319813,Recommended,396750,25761581,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,mississipimud,"If there is one thing to know about this game, it is that the developers have built a fantastic engine. The space combat is amazing, and incredibly challenging. No two runs are the same, even if the basis of each remains similar.This game will appeal to anyone looking for an arcade-space-flight-combat game. The roguelike elements are a nice touch, and the developer seems keen on continuing to develop for this game. However, regardless of how much further they take it, the game engine here is top notch and there is a senior dev somewhere who deserves a serious pat on the back. Stable, beautiful, enjoyable, and challenging. It's light on content for $30, but that is to be expected for this stage of development.This is the best spaceship combat I've had in many years."
76561198028769871,Recommended,396750,26175154,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,waffies,"Well, I'm fairly addicted already, and at the current time the game still has no story, no characters of note aside from the player and chatty AI gentleman, and only one ship, As more content becomes available I'll likely be sinking more and more hours into it. Haven't made it farther than sector 3, but the steadily increasing ability of your ship and the lucky loot pickups just make you feel so good about each adventure, death or no!Fast paced, decision making, action packed fighter pilot goodness. I'd put a wishlist of features I want, but most are already announced! Excited for ships, excited for story, hoping for a larger plethora of weapons, whereas the gear and tech are all very impressive already!"
76561197964734178,Recommended,396750,25510820,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Apone,"A tad expensive for what it is but hopefully lots more content to come in the future.  I wouldn`t normally pay this amount for a game and I wasn`t to keen on FTL but I thought I would give it a shot.  Normally I would make my mind up if this would be a keeper or a refunder.  As you can see I went over the two hours and enjoyed every minute.Easy to get into and start playing straight away, problem staying alive though.  You get better with avery play through and the ability to carry over your perks and some money is a great benefit.  Combat is good and missiles are your best friend.  Flight control is easy and responsive, its so easy with keyboard and mouse amd feels like a multi directional fps in space.The aim of the game is to gather, loot, trade and generally keep moving onto the next location.  Hopefully uncovering something new as you progress and gaining experience for those nasty little encounters you will meet.Overall a nice game to just jump into and have a whirl.  And remember you`ve got two hours to try and refund if its not for you...."
,Recommended,396750,25613952,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Arnkh Ghash,"Looks gorgeous, runs smooth as silk, combat is challenging but not impossible (even for me, and I usually hate 3d space combat)."
76561198062496406,Recommended,396750,25646594,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,jdbela,"This is Early Access!EVERSPACE is a rogue-like space sim where you jump from system to system until you are able to reach the next sector. While inside a system you try to scavenge as much tech and loot as possible to upgrade your ship. The game is a real challenge because the enemy is uber stronk and if you are lingering in a system for too long large ships will jump in to crush you. Perma death is a thing. After you died you will loose all progression but may invest the money made during the run into perks which will benefit the next runs to come.Even though it is still in development the game is very polished, looks nice, runs smoothly, no bugs or crashes occurred since I started playing it. If you like FTL, Binding Of Isaac and space sim in general EVERSPACE is the perfect single player experience for you!"
,Recommended,396750,25897961,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Hiro,"Great game, i really enjoy it. It is an extremely fun space game that looks equally amazing."
,Recommended,396750,25914874,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Azkarell,"This game is a rogue-like space fighter. I didn't expect too much from it, and at some point I even thought its just ok.But since it can still surprise me even now after 13h,at which in my experience most games just have story to keep me going, I have to say my hopes are really big that Everspace can evolve to a really good shiny gem. (everspace doesn't even has story yet!!)All that said keep in mind that this game is still in EA and if you dont trust that concept you should stay away from it until it is released and see if there is still a positive reception of the game.There is a good foundation to build on and I really hope the devs don't fail to upkeep their promise to us player to deliver a good (to amazing) and final product.That being said here is my personal wishlist what I feel is missing, or just wish to be added.I want more updates! :DA way to skip early sectors without loosing too much loot or a way too keep some loot, so if you feel confident you can just skip those early sectors. (I know right now with enough perks you can partly achive that right now so maybe i just need to get better). (And maybe there is a way i just didn't find it yet!)2 ships will be added, and frankly as I see it right now I'm not sure if there is space for more, but I would love a more diverse range of ships to choose from. (But since you can already play with one ship in many different ways it might not be so bad if there are just 3, all depends on how diverse those new ships will be, but as almost always more is better!)A more equal distribution of resources, in many games it was kind of hard to find gas for me which is needed for those scanning probes. (rng at work?)An overhaul to those Access Keys, often for me either i got those keys without containers or containers without keys! maybe force spawn of key where there is such a container, make it harder to kill and slightly increase reward?Remove empty Containers from the game. (if it is intended that they exist) Nothing more annoying to fly 6km or more to open that container to find nothing in it!permanent Squad, maybe idea for an 4th ship (carrirer like?)? right now u can spawn some drones, and there are some other ways to gain allies but just until you jump, i would love to have some permanent company, and just watch from afar how good/bad they are doing! (yeah i like summoner classes in other games :D) not sure if it really is feasible to have something like that in this game but I'd really like to have it :D.Some ""Quest"" seem really annoying like killing those flashlights or fuel containers. Either reduce the amount to achive those quest or remove them completely.Best Regards!"
,Recommended,396750,25972745,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,QP,"So far Everspace is great! A nice, approachable space shooter you can just hop into and a play a few rounds. Looks great, plays nice. Good stuff!"
76561197975603364,Recommended,396750,26116575,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Sveny,"Brillant,  cross FTL the gold standard of rouge crawlers with a yank bank flight sim.. throw in some more arcade action and brillant graphics for and esquiste game"
76561198011206383,Recommended,396750,26588763,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Madeyes2882,"Wicked fun game, beautiful graphics. Addictive, simple game play that is easy to get in to and lose yourself for a few hours. The ""challenge curve"" is not too drastic, and even though you die every playthough (so far for me anyway), I get further and better every run, and the perk tree offers plenty of inticement for continuted playing. Almost has an FTL feel to it, as many have said, though with out the random events and little stories that made FTL so great. The Pilot reminds me of Jake Logan, for any of the old Tachyon players, which is awesome. Even though its still in development it has a very complete feel to it and ive encountered no bugs to speak of. Gameplay starts to feel a bit grindy after a while but that only makes me look foward to new content and new ships/weapons. Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,396750,26620933,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SG,"5/5, Best single player space shooterPros- Game is fast paced and engaging- Graphics are smooth af- Also like that the map borders are invisible, giving it a more realistic atmosphere (As if you are in a vast space)- Lots of variable environments, with room for a lot more to comeCons- Bit of a weak story line, but it's better than alpha- Sometimes runs feel too repetitive, would be nice to have a better selection of what sort of environments you travel to... maybe with multiple story lines- Lack of difficulty with side missions"
76561198027667796,Recommended,396750,26980641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rushifell,"I am liking it so far, I would like to see some more variation in NPC behavior and species but overall I am enjoying it for what it is. I feel like it is a nice rollup of FTL and Descent (flight controls) in an open space environment."
,Recommended,396750,28216458,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Porter,Fun and challenging early access game being kept fresh with steady updates in the form of new content and the usual bug fixes.  Seems well optimized on my system considering the good graphics.
,Recommended,396750,25659094,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bangnull,"This game, in its current state, is already a spectacular, polished experience.   It captures the wonder moments of a space exploration game, the risk analysis of roguelikes, and the harried node based pursuit of FTL.  I feel like i've already recouped the price of admission and i've yet to beat the game in its current state >.<Pros:-Meaty space combat with fair enemy diversity for an early access game.-well paced roguelike progression-Every death felt like I deserved itCons:-I want HOTAS support becaues I want to go even further into the immersion (was a stretch goal on the kickstarter i never saw)-I dream of more content!  Weapons? Enemies? Experiences?  I'm still seeing new things all the time 8 hours in, so this is just a greedy desire."
,Recommended,396750,26936597,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,temp,"Great game! Solid, although in Beta. Very addictive!"
76561198046906455,Recommended,396750,25584827,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Moondoggie,I was Burned by No Man's Sky but so glad i gave this game a chance. It already feels like a finished game and with so much more content promised.
76561198053309422,Recommended,396750,25598298,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zoop,"An hour in I almost refunded. Glad I didn't. Sweet game, but pretty repetitive. I can see it getting a little boring without some cool new♥♥♥♥♥♥to do."
76561198016555066,Recommended,396750,25911266,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Waladil,"Very good Progueressionlike. Well-optimized for PC (runs fine on my aging gaming laptop, unlike SOME OTHER SPACE GAMES I COULD MENTION. Ahem), lots of nifty ways to upgrade your ship and I assume more are coming.Very very polished for Early Access.P.S. I've seen a few people mention gettng blown up by warships jumping in without warning -- to them (and as a piece of advice to new players): When you get a warning that interceptors are incoming, start working on your evac plan. Interceptors show up, then a few minutes later a big frakkin warship shows up and wrecks your life."
76561197996205438,Recommended,396750,25916491,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Private Pud,"This is an awesome game.  I got in on Early Release and couldn't be happier.  Arcade like shooter that requires 3d awareness.  I'm a flight stick jockey and immediately got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥without joystick support.  An hour into it, I thought ""Ok,...I can make it with mouse and keyboard I guess.""Two hours later, I wanted to disconnect my joystick and clear up some space on my desk.  This thing is awesome on keyboard and mouse.  You can configure it the way you want.  In the begining, I was coming back after dying with several hundred credits to the perks store, now I'm coming back with thousands.Great artwork, great music, Early release is about getting in there and shoot.  Fantastic.  You flight jocks out there, you can't miss this."
,Recommended,396750,25943908,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Breadsauce,Play this if you want your space combat fix.
76561198034908082,Recommended,396750,26174492,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bane,"It is so much fun to fly the ship in this game.Really can't wait to see this fleshed out more, ie Codex, ie story/characters.If you ever played star conflict you will be right at home with the control schemes; only Everspace does it better.TLDR versionLike FTL but more shootyvisually stunning."
76561197971483277,Recommended,396750,26530932,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mon tabarnak,"everspace is a wonderfull looking game. even if it is really repetitive ( starting a new run after every death), it is worth the money they ask. P,S, adding a co-op would be really insane in this kind of game! i would really enjoy fighting those fighters with some friends. overall great game.!"
,Recommended,396750,26847037,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SilentSoul,"This game is just so good! the grapics are excellent and the framerate is also good and almost no frame drops. the controls of this are a little bit hard but you get used to it in like 20 minutes because you really need to know them if you want to survive in space. The only real thing that is bothering me is the lack of a story, tho there are some little story's from someone elses perspective.But overal this game is very good and has a LOT of potential i even gave it an award for my gratitude."
,Recommended,396750,27024305,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Demonix™,Loving this roguelike space game cant wait for the full game! Really excited about the potential.
76561198148315837,Recommended,396750,25597748,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,limbic.nodes,"If your reading this, don't hesitate, buy it. This will be one of those solid games in your library you can play with no probs, I can only wish all early access games were of this calibre.edit:Finally getting the hang of it, fun game..graphics maxed out  with no probs, 1 crash in 40 hrs and that was early on. New ship, progressing through the perk system, all in all highly recommed it.EDITED AS I ANSWER MY OWN QUESTIONS:Enjoying the game so far, great eye candy and the fighting is challenging, no probs with hardware easy controls with K/M, no stuttering, overall a smoothly rolled out product . However I have questions about the game mechanics, as this is my first rouge fighter game I may not be applying the best tactics for progression, such as:Why do giant ships pop in and insta kill , some maps are pretty spars of pickups so I have to jump anyways.Why would I attack G&B property, everything on the map turns hostile, I very quickly die and loose whatever I might have picked up. The freighters carry very few containers, so the risk to reward ratio is too small .EDIT: for the kills, and maybe the drops, otherwisw I don't see the logic.Even game logic.EDIT:Why would I want to craft stuff if I can't carry  over upon death. Same for crafting weapon upgrades, I upgraded my Gatling gun but died and reverted back  to a regular one.B.C. = the more I play the better I get and the longer I survive, wich means I gather enough stuff to craft and live long enough to use.EDIT:What are blue prints for? It seems obvious, but I can't craft the items.B.C= upgrade primary/secondary weapon slots and collect craftable material to build and install bkueprints...duh.ObservationsSeems the only item worth picking up is $, so when I die I can spend it on perk upgrades.Namobot drops/crates are super rare.Fuel drops/mineable fuel is abundant when I don't need it, as in there is way more on the map than I could possibly require.Perhaps all my questions have an underlying theme and once I understand the game I will that epiphany moment."
,Recommended,396750,25761129,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,lintemurion,"I broke a few of my personal rules about game buying by purchasing this game. Like,#1.Don't pay full price for video games.#2. Don't buy games that aren't complete.#3. Don't buy games on impulse just because it looks cool.BUT IT'S TOTALLY OKI don't even feel bad, I guess my instincts were good, because this game is pretty awesome.Beyond being aesthetically pleasing, I found the controls to feel fluid and some of the best in a space game I've played. While the frustrations of the difficulty are very real, I have seen and felt the progress over the course of my playthroughs.Maybe this game is not for everybody, and maybe you think $30 is too much, but I don't mind paying it for a good game that feels well crafted."
76561198018691017,Recommended,396750,26427326,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CartOverlord,"A very challenging, very rewarding spaceship game. At first ti will be easy, jumping sector to sector, but eventually you will be fighting for your life as you are chased down by both pirates and aliens, while trying to upgrade your weapons and gear. Its true that when you die you lose all of your items, but as you unlock perks (which you KEEP) your ship is stronger at the beginning of every run,allowing you to get farther and farther until you get to..."
76561198041414407,Recommended,396750,26982981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nikky,"For a little indie title this game looks amazing, hence I'd nominate it for the ""WHOOOAAAAAA, DUDE!"" Award.You have a system map that reminds you of FTL which lets you pick either more risky and rewarding or safer routes.In every Orbit/Sector you will eventually get chased by som ridiculously powerful alien warships that will destroy you if you don't get the hell out of there.You can chose whether you want to be a law abiding citizen and hunt down pirates and aliens, come to the aid of occasional ships in trouble, or be an oportunist and prey on the weak.Manage your resources and decide what systems you want to keep, build and upgrade.You want a game that is hard? This is it!Although it will get easier the longer you have played it due to your increasing skill and the amount of perks you will have purchased over time.Normally I'm quite reluctant when it comes to buying Early Access titles, but this one is totally worth it!"
,Recommended,396750,27220861,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vulture,would play itagain and again and again and again and again and again and again..
76561198030699040,Recommended,396750,25578437,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Gearbox,"played galaxy on fire to death! i have been waiting a long time for them to make something like it again... and boy o boy did they nail it! as it is, its very limited but still 11 hours in and still not even half way done upgradeing my ships perks. is it worth 30$ id say yes im haveing alot of fun and feel the higher price to help devolep more content for this already solid game is well worth it. espical with rockfish im sure they will drop some xpacs after the game is finished. some bugs and crashing but if you crash it like puses it and startes you right back were it crashed thats a big plus. side note not a sim its a combat, die all the time, upgrade, do all over again to see how fare you get. id pay 60$ for this game as it is right now even tho its not worth it yet but its fun and very diffrent then most out their im loving it and the even if you crash to desktop witch is very rare i lose no progress in game is a huge bonuse!!!"
,Recommended,396750,25593143,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Wanderlore,Pretty damn fun!
,Recommended,396750,25793935,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Red Knight,"Highly recommendedIF you like:FTL, Faster than Light in that you choose a path which determines the difficulty, and zone content.Freelancer, the type of controls and gameplay, but withsignificantly lessstoryline.Be warned tho: this is aroguelikegame.What does that mean?You start of extremely weak, and I can guarantee that you will not win on your first try.. or second.. or third.. or even tenth. But each time you play, you earn more money, and more blueprints (used for crafting) which you use to get incrementally stronger.Other than that, the graphics are gorgeous and it's a very addictive game.This game is in Early Access, so there are more features to come, in particular 2 new ships."
,Recommended,396750,25855134,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FeedTheCreature,"While I would be reluctant to drop $30 on this game in its current state, it's still a lot of fun as is. The flight mechanics work well, the graphics are beautiful, and the combat is challenging without being impossible. Controls are intuitive and everything works fairly fluidly. Each death sends you back to the first sector, and each run is procedurally generated. You'll lose any weapons and items you found or crafted but keep the money you earn in order to buy new perks for your ship.As of right now, it's a VERY short game. You can beat it within an hour without any perks if you're lucky and careful. That's why $30 might be a bit much to ask for right now.Overall, it's very solid idea and I highly recommend following the development of this game."
,Recommended,396750,25952585,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,adam.muise,A classic no-nonsense arcade flight sim. Looking forward to VR support. You guys nailed the action!
,Recommended,396750,26957153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,glaurung,"Everspace is a clever little distraction with a rather questionable voice actor. I enjoy it in short bursts, but the perks system and unlockable stuff keeps me coming back. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,396750,25552612,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MemeSupreme,Good game
76561198049648105,Recommended,396750,25656998,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Themaltaproject,"A very nice mix between FTL and any other space flight sim. The perk system is really well made. Most weapons are lacking. Beam lasers and Pulse or flak cannons seem to be the way to go.Very fun to play, I will be putting more hours into this game as time goes on."
76561197993278101,Recommended,396750,25804226,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bigdimmortal,I love the graphic depth and the realistic pilot actions when it comes to the physics of space astrodynamics.  I am extremely excited to see the final product.
76561198138226823,Recommended,396750,25887753,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Zmrzko,"Nice done game, super fun, doesnt get old, has a lot of surprises for you when you dont expect it."
,Recommended,396750,25936488,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bad Habit,"I have been hooked on this game for the last 6 hours (apparently) and my only complaint is that I just want MOAR! Once the devs start adding more ships, more environments, more detail, to this game! So amazing!"
,Recommended,396750,26610665,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,JPfowl,"Finally! Ever since the old Star Wars games like X-wing and such I've always loved the concept of space dogfighting. So many shooters today get repetitive and dull quickly but since buying this I've been having trouble putting it down. Unlike many other dogfighting games, this one is a single-player offline sim that doesn't have X number of levels and then you are done. The controls are a little wonky from the start (using any controller is pretty messed up due to the 6 way manuverability) but you get used to them after a while. Like most games you can remap the keyboard which helps with the controls but I wish you could remap the controller (they only have 2 patterns and all it does is change sticks). The game is visually stunning and I can't wait for the VR feature to be released! Right now I just dim the lights and try to make do ;) . The game runs really smoothly and I haven't had any issues (ultra settings on a GTX 970)."
76561198081234770,Recommended,396750,28699012,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gr81ape,"Picked up this game as a Christmas treat...fantastic visuals and great gameplay make this easily recommended! The progression and diversity in different ways of playing (even slowing down time?!) add tons of replay value. Voice acting on the main character could be better in many spots, but especially as an early access game Everspace has exeeded my expectations.Keep up the great work devs! And please release and support VR with the Vive at some point - I (like surely many others) would appreciate and use it!"
,Recommended,396750,25514018,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lil D,"the procedural environments, they are all so beautiful and rich, no blatant copy pasting to kill the atmosphere. i would like to compare this to FTL with the graphics of elite dangerous. space lovers, this is a must."
,Recommended,396750,25663665,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,❥ Halcy,"-The most- fun I've had in a spaceship combat game in a very long time.Roguelike with a variety of fun primary and secondary weapons, a plethora of unique devices and consumables and loadout customization. Reliant a bit much on RNG at first perhaps. Interesting perk system that will keep you playing and progressing for a while.You'll be pushed to craft and adapt to situations. The combination of randomly generated maps, encounters and loot make me want to continue to play, do better each run, level up my perks and see what's out there.Even if this released *as is*, in early access, I could wholly recommend it to people curious about it."
76561198329160806,Recommended,396750,26125704,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mahirrahat,Absolutely beautiful game. Tends to get repetitive after a few hours of play tho. Hopefully the single player campaign is good.
,Recommended,396750,26471428,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Hakushi,"Gorgeous Graphics: checkKeeps you in with curiosity : checkFluid flight mechanics : checkGetting OP after some grinding and pwning noob enemies : checkThat raw feeling of achievement after getting past a sector that you died on a lot : checkThis game is really good and has the potential to do so much more. The missions are a nice touch for bonus credits but I'd like to see more of them ( since I've had just one till now).Some of the cons ae that it, as of now, does not have a story-line, or a definitive direction other than just finding lueprints and upgrading your ship. But that can be overlooked as it IS still in it's early phase.It's a cool game overall, i r8 it 8/8, m8"
76561198028078144,Recommended,396750,26518513,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ojarsonix,"Great game. Controls is Great, graphics is great, everything is great."
76561198034026498,Recommended,396750,26576726,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,griffynn,"Amazing game - incredibly fluid, with stunning graphics even on older hardware. The roguelike aspect works really well, but I can't wait until they add some plot to it, particularly given how funny the voice acting is.UPDATE: Still loving it after the release of the new Sniper ship - flies like a dream."
76561197984177193,Recommended,396750,26607430,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lande3D,"The gameplay is a bit too generic spaceshooter/roguelike to hit the toplist.But the visuals, balancing and pace are well thought out and executed, especially for an early access game.Everspace offers over avarage replayability for the genre and a lot of fun challenges.Looking forward to the upcoming features.7/10"
,Recommended,396750,26861064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XPhiler,"Awesome game, fun, fast paced and beautiful visuals."
76561198028081499,Recommended,396750,28959915,Posted: 2 January,all,Wirehead,"For players just starting out the most important tip I would give is hit the TAB key.  Learn crafting, repairs and upgrades.Use your scanning probes.  Loot EVERYTHING.  Watch out for enemy turrets / drones at loot locations, don't just boost in and arrive with no energy for a possible fight.Learn to use your cooldowns and consumables.I stopped dying quickly and started really enjoying myself once I figured these things out.Very fun game especially for something in Early Access.  Looking forward to seeing what the devs add in the future.Have already gotten my money's worth in enjoyment."
76561198010213439,Recommended,396750,26902086,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaepher,"Like a crazy mix of Freelancer and Rogue Legacy. Although it is not finishied yet, it is amazing and conuming hour after hour of my time... :-)"
76561197991623521,Recommended,396750,26911054,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chaito,do you wanna shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥in outer space? do you feel is worth the price? then go for it. Its as simple as that. the downsides of this game come in repetitiveness and like alot of rougelikes in sheer unfairness and randomness of the experience. Since its early access i can defenately recommend.
,Recommended,396750,26949871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Uriell,Very addictive!
,Recommended,396750,27237889,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sir Hamster,"A great blend of FTL-like structure and 6DoF shooter with stunning graphics.The game is surprisingly well optimised: I've had about 4 crashes in over 30 hours of gameplay and no technical problems besides that.The core loop is fun, especially once you get the hang of controls and stop dying 5 minutes into a run. Duffivulty curve might be a bit uneven, but that's the case with many RNG-dependent games.Note on the control scheme.As I haven't got a lot of experience with 6DoF shooters and also decided to try out steam controller, it took me quite some time to get used to the controls. And since I have remapped some of the functions, I cannot judge original scheme.Overall, this game is not just a wallpaper generator, but also an interesting take on FTL formula and a fun casual space shooter.I look forward to playing full version once it comes out."
,Recommended,396750,25645050,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Amniku,"early access!!!!Pro:random events are awssome.loot colection is kinda cool.looks like it will be awssome when it is done.Con:far from complete.In game sliders in options don't work.game crashes on exit (not a big deal)Guns could use a minor aim assist, cuz the mouse and joystick aim is very sensitive and takes time to get useto.Needs repair stations at all traders.add crusers and the like? (playing a stunt fighter is cool, but maybe nice to play a heavy armed boat as a casual, funzy thing) just a thought."
76561198108435788,Recommended,396750,25649743,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,PhoenixFighter,"Beautiful graphics, great optimisation, great gameplay, smooth controls, super addictive, and overall SUPER AWESOME! Although I would not recommend this game for casual gamers as the ""permadeath"" (if you want to call it that), can be frustrating to some people. A great system is the perks. You keep credits after you die, which can be used in game with the traders etc. But if you die, you can spend those credits on perks which you never lose! :D. I love what ROCKFISH has done here and I hope you too will enjoy it. 10/10TLDR: Fanstastic game, for more hardcore players, beautiful. 10/10"
76561198280625045,Recommended,396750,25792737,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Athenaeus,"This has got to be one of the best space shooters Ive played in years, the visuals are out of this world (pun very much intended) everything about this game is stunning the game mechanics are pretty good, and cant wait to get in more in depth story wise. Its pretty hard to master at first, you have to grind however after a couple of hours of exploration you should be fine. [would die again 10/10] P.S. Best logic in game ever.... who would build a space station next to a black hole.... SMH"
76561197978385272,Recommended,396750,25845443,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Trigie,"This is a must buy! So much fun, great graphics and addictive. They will develop more content in the coming month's. Can't wait!"
76561197998848151,Recommended,396750,26579394,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,andeh    ~,"its good for beta, but there isnt must to do. Looking forward to release of more ships and levels."
76561197992407837,Recommended,396750,28657861,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bloodknight,"I played for an hour.I really enjoyed the game, it is a bit rought but this is what the rogue like is like.Definitly a great space fighting rogue game :)I will play more as they progress more in the development of the game."
,Recommended,396750,28786604,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DontBe2Shy,"So I've been playing this gamefor a couple of hours and I really lik it so far.Very good for an early release i think. Great graphics, flying around in space is very enjoyable.Basically I can't wait for the final product to be released!I really hope it will bring more ships, weapons and a proper story mode with quests and so on.I just feel that sometimes it's a bit lonely, just talking with the ship's AI.Overall really good early release, lets hope the final game will rock."
76561198120205026,Recommended,396750,28790841,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bacodus,"The visuals are absolutely stunning in this game. The fights are very entertaining and the game doesnt feel like youre overpowered, keeping a nice balance that makes the game very engaging.Looking forward to what the devs come up with next."
76561197960584015,Recommended,396750,28958003,Posted: 2 January,all,Lynantia,"N1 game so far. Everspace is a fast, good looking and a stable early access game.The Content in V0.3 is ok but more is needed in the future.I like the music and the color plate."
76561197971161116,Recommended,396750,28936340,Posted: 2 January,all,Runelord,"I think I should get something out of the way first: you will die a lot, sometimes unfairly. However, if you stick with you'll probably like much of what you find, even in the game's current state.This is a space based rogue-like where dying is par for the course. Each time you die you get to spend the credits you made on upgrades. You don't get to save credits between runs, so you're encouraged to spend it in all. The game itself is a true rogue-like in the sense that you never know exactly what you'll find and each run will be different. In your journey you'll find credits and and equipment but also raw resources that you can either trade or use to craft consumables, upgrades and weapons. Finally you'll slowly discover blueprints that let you craft new stuff. This metagame is what gives you a sense of progression in game that may otherwise kill you in the first two minutes of play!I guess the best thing about this game is how approachable it is - the friction between being killed and starting a new game is near zero. The gameplay, once you get used to it is great. Each weapon has a different feel to it and the equipment you employ will open up new strategies. You'll get plenty of opportunities to try new things since you never have enough resources to keep all of your ship in top shape - you'll often find yourself making hard choices between crafting, upgrades, repairs to your hull and repairs to your equipment.If you like rogue-likes then there is a chance that you'll find Everspace to be a breath of fresh air. If this sounds intimidating then maybe its not for you, though you'll never really know until you've tried it."
76561198179803039,Not Recommended,396750,35193807,Posted: 24 September,all,mag,"This game is no longer early-access, it should not show tags for gamepad or VR support as they are not production quality. The game literaly feel like it is fighting against you when aiming with anyting else than KB/mouse. HOTAS/Joystick support is garbage with issues such as the axis inversion switching off and on by themselves during play. I have not managed to do a single run without some kind of issue with the game or its menues, and this even more true in VR (Rift).Do not buy unless you are only planing to play on KB/mouse on your monitor."
76561198121418475,Recommended,396750,35194407,Posted: 24 September,all,longShotCat,"Extremely beautiful scenery, great feel and decent pacing. excellent rogue-like space dog-fighter.Just wish it had a radar."
,Recommended,396750,32092279,Posted: 31 May,all,bigstacked421,"Wow… I am really enjoying this game.It reminds me of FTL but with more badass.It’s hard, but enjoyable. You lose everything (almost) on death but it’s still rewarding due to the persistent perks tree.A game goes like this: Get as far as you can and get as many credit as possible. Spend credits on perks after you die – do it again. Then again and again….. and again.The controls are great after you get used to them. It’s mainly getting used to when and how to use different components.It’s great because you can just pick it up and play for 20 minutes (good luck putting it back down though)"
,Recommended,396750,32048759,Posted: 29 May,all,Anetia Jaegeri,"The whole game is amusing and the AI is practically Dinklebot 2.0, So I mean it already looks pretty damn good."
,Recommended,396750,32724423,Posted: 24 June,all,Stevie Scoop,"We played this game solely without VR, so this review reflects only those elements of the game.First Impressions were positive. The game is aesthetically pleasing to the eye and runs smoothly will little lag time and loading windows. The colour range and attention to detail in the ships was a stand out for us, and that you could travel anywhere without hitting a hidden wall makes the experience better.We didn't really pay attention to the story but I guess its just one of those things that needs to be included. There was definitely nice depth in terms of customisation, upgrades, etc. One thing we noticed was repetitivness of what you are doing, and is probably something that would deter us from playing if we wanted more action or faster pace.In saying that this is a casual simulator that was designed to be experienced in VR, but we still had fun playing it without VR.For a casual gameplay video with some banter, click the vid below!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zDkcLdLQH0"
,Recommended,396750,33621505,Posted: 17 July,all,Hi_Voltg3,I love this damn game. Sure it can be repetitive but the upgrades are nice enough to keep you going and the progression seems fair. It also looks absolutely gorgeous. I finally went ahead and bought a different ship and it feels like a brand new game.
76561197993325067,Recommended,396750,33464278,Posted: 11 July,all,time goblin,"Great game, controls really well with keyboard + mouse. There are alot of things to discover and upgrade."
76561197974548280,Recommended,396750,32008823,Posted: 27 May,all,Criticos,Very enjoyable and atmospheric. Once you get the hang of the game it's fun as hell.
76561198112251812,Recommended,396750,32847159,Posted: 27 June,all,Handsome Bii,"starting will be abit of confusing , but after u a few hours when u knw how to play it and upgrade it. IT WILL BE FXXKING FUN MAN!!!!"
76561198108707060,Recommended,396750,32004511,Posted: 27 May,all,archeolog108,I am on my 9th run and it is beautiful and smart game. Still surprising me. For example today I died in small singulairity created by my stupidity. A lot of content. I am sure I will be playing for days/weeks to come.
,Recommended,396750,32100495,Posted: 31 May,all,Diddle Schnitz,"So far... I love it!Awesome original style for a rogue-like!Tight controls, fresh and vivid visuals complimented by intense combat.9 / 10"
76561198245473832,Recommended,396750,33775851,Posted: 24 July,all,RXGY,This is a game
76561197984388240,Recommended,396750,25719894,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,farhansky,"The game is aweome. Viually spectacular, tight controls, epic dogfights like you see in Marcross, etc... this game is highly recommended"
76561198236987320,Recommended,396750,34309374,Posted: 17 August,all,Laethys,"This is a fantastic game that just perfectly scratches the Sci-fi itch. The combat is just incredible and by far the best (and main thing) in the game. At first I could not pass the first small zone, then I got gud. 10/10"
,Recommended,396750,32051366,Posted: 29 May,all,Chackle,Real noice roguelike
,Recommended,396750,25682661,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,RetroMetal,"I'm loveing this game so far, I can't stop playing it."
76561198077581164,Recommended,396750,25744582,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,youandyourlife,ive obviously put a few hours in in the past two weeks and i can honestly say i like the game a lot; it's got great passives and they are starting to add even more content. pretty impressed with it so far.
,Recommended,396750,25529840,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fenris,Fun and casual space Roguelike.
76561198002528781,Recommended,396750,25530144,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,OPSparks,This game is like playing Roy... as Rick.  It's Rickdiculously good.
76561198069752841,Recommended,396750,28498153,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,★ Jimmyltd,"Very fun game, even if its only single player. Hopefully they add a multiplayer in the future but even in the first part of early access ive been having alot of fun."
,Recommended,396750,28086839,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,1 Million Ants,This game had my eye as soon as i saw the cover photo. When i scrolled through the pictures of the game and watched the trailer i was amazed and very pleased. I havent even played an hour of this and im astonished at the way the ship and the game looks. It seems like space could go on and on. I highly recommend this game and i will give another review after i play a bit more.
,Recommended,396750,26018858,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Holy Sock,Fantastic game with potential to get a lot better as it develops.
76561197993423353,Recommended,396750,25553402,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,TinyTestTackle,I like this game. It's my kind of game. I'm the kind of person that has 300 hours in Elite Dangerous doing almost nothing but grinding out combat bounties.If you like arcade style space combat and you love the grind you'll like this game. If you've never played a space game before and aren't used to flying backwards and adjusting your pitch to find a bogey that has left your field of view you might have a hard time with this game.If you don't like having to start over when you die you won't like this game.But if you like getting to upgrade a talent tree a few points at a time every time you die to start over again a little bit stronger and go a little bit further you will like this game.
,Recommended,396750,25559767,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kobra Kommander,If beta is this good I cant imagine full release!
,Recommended,396750,25615715,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Platnuu,Very fun. Aesthetically pleasing. Difficult at times. Tons of replayability.It's still lacking in content because of early access but don't let that stop you.
,Recommended,396750,25614305,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Gaddafi,Good Hard Fun!
76561197972972517,Recommended,396750,26054606,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,tullekop,Fantastic game! Loving every minute playing this game!
,Recommended,396750,26056126,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ronys2,"Great example (so far) of what Early Access titles should be. The base game is there, works, is decently optimized and there's enough content to keep you enguaged until the release of furthor content.It's a fun arcade like space shooter.Already better than no mans sky and was just release into EA."
76561198006402934,Recommended,396750,26626186,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,gZhc,I would rate this game # of times I ran into an asteroid/10
,Recommended,396750,28984808,Posted: 3 January,all,RainSpider3000,"This is a very good game, I would definately recommend it."
76561198098117792,Recommended,396750,25509179,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,thekilon,"=====EARLY ACESS REVIEW=====I have played the game for 30 minutes on my 2013 iMac , in order for the game to run smoothly I had to lower the setting to low which is the minimum but even at low setting games looks very beautiful.SoPros1) Great graphics, very exotic and artistis and very similar to the videos2) Very easy gameplay , easy to interact with objects3) Very good tutorial , explains everything clearly and to the pointCons1) Ship is kinda hard to control , I find it weird that there is no constant speed and you have to keep pressing forward but maybe its a setting I have not found yet2) Enemies are very hard for a beginner, super easy to die3) Sounds are still early access and kinda take away some of the fun of the game4) Keyboard shortcuts are kinda weird and uncomfortable , some of them in a  need of customisation but fortunately EA EVERSPACE allows this so you can choose the ones you preferFor EA I will give this a 8/10 , its fun and definitely recommend it."
76561198205207348,Recommended,396750,25520213,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,treysong,"Solid so far, awesome combat and level up system. Eager to see what they have in store in the months to come."
76561198028292913,Recommended,396750,25562697,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ituner14,"I saw screenshots of this game around the internet for half a year now and decided to check in on it, low and behold it is released on steam. I really love space games and especially games that actually carry a challenge.Getting the hang of the controls is fairly simple. However, it is one of those things that takes time to fully sink in. There are times you will be in a dogfight and something will just ""click"" and you will pull off a sweet strafe-spin and plaster a drone with your gatling gun. It really gets your heart racing, and while it is difficult to fight the enemies, the game gives you a ton of options to approach each situation.Fantastic game, and worth the price tag."
76561197970379595,Recommended,396750,25563077,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kruler,"""Your scan has been detected and traced"" and ""WARNING Interceptors"" 2 things to prevent this game being called Everfarm, slow to start with, and you will die alot, so the constant starting from point A thing can feel a bit tedious if you play over a protracted session.Slight whinge aside, I am enjoying it, looking foreward to the release of diffent ships to fly, and I would recommend the game."
,Recommended,396750,25632793,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,MIDIManNI,"Want to satisfy that Space-Sim itch that is hard to scratch? This is the game that will do it...Early Access at the minute but looks polished..plays well and has certainly knocked spots of that ""game that cannot be named"" that is NMS...!!!"
76561198029585083,Recommended,396750,25684870,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,kierkegaard13,"If you loved No Man's Sky.. please stop writing reviews as a Hello Game's employee and play this game instead. I'm seriously impressed with all the randomly generated structures in this game. This is probably also the best space combat I've experienced in a game as all the different structures allow you really unique defensive options in combat and you find yourself racing towards astroids for strategic cover. The weapons and items are also really fun and useful. Overall, this game is really impressive for how early in development it is."
,Recommended,396750,25796058,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Corban Q,The best space solitaire role-playing game I've ever played.
76561198031194583,Recommended,396750,25863698,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,TheJudge,Good space shooter.
76561198001015621,Recommended,396750,26021419,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,I Kill You For MotherRussia,"One of the few early access games that is actually good right now.With the potential it has, I can see it becoming trully great as devs continue their work."
,Recommended,396750,28738509,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Thor,"Everspace is the quintessential Freelancer space-shooter roguelike.Take the ship and KB/M movement that made Freelancer so good.Then dabble in some upgradable ship systems similar in scope to Faster than Light.Finally, add roguelike elements like one-life per-run, or “anything can happ…oh my god did a frigate and a corvette just drop in on me?” randomized moments.Mix, stir, and simmer these elements to produce the core gameplay ofEverspace.Light on story, heavy on fun."
,Recommended,396750,25658578,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,KobraKira,"In the 5 hours i have played this game, i can safely tell you guys that there is some fun to be had in this game. I have yet to regret my purchase despite it being Early access *knocks on wood*, and i have high hopes for the future of this game.Pros:- It's gorgeous (Unreal Engine 4)- The controls aren't clunky, and feel just right enough to navigate each area- It is difficult at times, but dying is very much a part of this game (like Dark Souls, except in space)- Combat is tight and challenging- Did i mention this game is super pretty? It's a screenshot simulator!- Procedurally generated- BLACK HOLESCons:- None so far, imo. I have yet to really dislike anything in this game. To me, this game has just the right amount of balance, and it should only get better with each update. IT'S F-ING SPACE MAN! Who doesn't like SPACE?!This game has TONS of potential, and i do hope the ROCKFISH Games continue to deliver what is one of the most promising space shooter/rogue-like games i have ever played. I do hope that i can keep recommending this game and one day see it come out of Early Access and feel more complete, with extra content and a nice story (which they are working on i think)."
76561198047083331,Recommended,396750,28895588,Posted: 1 January,all,Jazz-E,"Everspace is rather simple game, that is one hell of a fun to play. It's ideal for those days when you just don't have any spare time to waste on a more ""serious"" space game like ""Elite: Dangerous"" or ""Star Citizen"" (when it finally gets released anyway), where you might need at least an hour of real time just to get to some of locations.Everspace is a perfect game to play for 30 minutes at a time, get your king-size portion of action, and then leave it, only to come back later when you feel like having some fast-paced action again.The game is currently in Early Access, but at this time it only shows in a disclamer shown to players when the game is launched. I've yet to see any bugs, glitches or anything even remotely annoying."
,Recommended,396750,31831873,Posted: 18 May,all,Visceralfusion,"Absolutely Breathtaking.Imagine FTL and Elite Dangerous as ingredients for a pizza, FTL is the dough and Elite Dangerous is the pepperoni and cheese. Put them both into the Firebrick oven that is ROCKFISH Games (Or better known as FISHLAB - Creators of Galaxy on Fire) and you get an amazingly tasty and mouthwatering Pizza named EVERSPACE™ !You get amazing Visuals with Unreal Engine 4, Voice acting, Ship Designs, and a Crafting System too!I cant begin to think of what amazing new content will be out with the Full Release.All we need now is more Player Controlled Ships and Weapons, and this Pizza will be the hot main Entree on the Steam Store front page!"
,Recommended,396750,34196994,Posted: 12 August,all,padptd,"Absolutely love this game, I have been with it through early access and have engoyed evey minute! It's everything it was promised to be .....Nuf said!"
76561198058646080,Recommended,396750,25521510,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,toke,"just what i was waiting for in a game, ty devs keep making it better."
76561198157733220,Recommended,396750,25572741,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Beggattron,FTL on steroids!
76561198045151327,Recommended,396750,32174392,Posted: 4 June,all,nexis777,"I know its still early , but i love this game please keep to your promises and ill stick with you forever"
,Recommended,396750,31987975,Posted: 26 May,all,Zoffix Znet,"Gorgeous game to chill out and blow off some steam by killing as many outlaws as you can before you die.Note the ""Rogue-like"" tag. There is some sort of story in the mix, but it's not the main point. The game is: fly, kill, die; upgrade a bit; repeat.Very pleasant voice acting.What more to say? Buy it."
,Recommended,396750,29664235,Posted: 2 February,all,Woonus,I have killed myself atleast 3 times by flying into objects thinking I can boost backwards. GG.
,Recommended,396750,25616252,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,gamingneeded,Forget drugs this is the next best thing
,Recommended,396750,25614084,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Okan-Zeeus,"FTL - dogfighting edition. :)In seriousness, though, Everspace is only LOOSELY like FTL. The story elements aren't fleshed out and you don't make meaningful moral choices. Since it's an EA game as of this review, it is also a bit content dry.However, the mechanics are solid and have an enticing ammount of depth to them. If the devs can deliver on the new content front, I can see myself playing this game for many months.Give yourself some time to break this game in; two or three hours at least. The fun builds up beautifully."
,Recommended,396750,25519655,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,rawbelly,"I don't usually pick up early access titles but this one...I dunno...something about it. Ok, Ok, so I watched Karak's review of the game on ACG and became pretty darn excited about it. It's exactly what I want right now in a space game. K is SUPER concise in his reviews so I knew exactly what to expect. He is dead on about it imho.It's both beautiful and harsh. It's frustrating and rewarding. It has a progression format almost exactly like FTL. Gather what you can in the current sector and get out because ""the Fleet"" is coming after you dripping with 1.21 gigawatts of hell's fury. The visuals are pretty stunning. Doesn't dip below vsync'd 60 for me @ 1080. It's a pick up and go sort of game. Although it takes a bit of fiddling around to figure out inventory and crafting and whatnot, it's still fairly accessible.When you die you are able to purchase upgrades for your future runs from your ""hanger"" with coin that you saved up. So you aren't left with the daunting ""I-just-wasted-30-minutes-with-nothing-to-show-for-it"" feeling (ala most other rogue-type games).Even if Rockfish borked and didn't finish this game I would probably never get through the 2nd warp alive anyway to ever get angry about the missing content, hehe :) Also, in the 4 or so hours I have played I am still encountering new things I've not seen before. Discovery is fun!The few bugs I have encountered so far include a few audio hiccups, trouble with mouse pointing when forcing DSR (past HD on a 1080 panel) and some problems rebinding certain keys to certain functions. Otherwise, it's looking super tight.Me likes.i5 3570kGTX9708gb sys"
76561198043243719,Recommended,396750,25518726,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ironwindsock,"Tight controls, gorgeous graphics, good upgrade system.sick game , highly recomended"
,Recommended,396750,25627901,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Crushfield,"Everspace is a great rogue-lite. It is much more ""rogue like"" than I originally expected. Its pretty much a giant space dungeon where you jump between ""rooms"" where each room has a new scenario. You collect money for after-death upgrades (which you keep) but you also have in-game upgrades and lots of loot items. There are also consumbles, nano kits and so on. Additionally there are blueprints you can discover. Blueprints are for craftable upgrades which you ""perma learn."" Thus, finding a blueprint allows you to create the item on any ""run"". it doesnt really focus on exploration much aside from some probe/scanner actions which are very helpful. Each new area feels like a different survival scenerio where you just try to make the best of what is around you; it might be a pirate encounter or possibly be a plasma farm. So get out there! Kill, loot, salvage, mine and conquer. Dont be afraid to die a 1, 2, 10 or 40 times to get you where you need to be.Couple things i'd like to mention:Dying=======The current mechanics seem to encourage you to die. Infact you have to die to get better thus it creates this ""dying is rewarding"" atmosphere. Starting over each time is kinda lame but experiencing the universe with your new upgrades makes up for that, that is, if you actually collected enough monies to upgrade something before your next launch.Flight Controls==========This may not help everyone but it sure helped me. Change your roll keys to A&D and switch your strafe to Q&E. essentially switch roll and strafe. This way you can maintain better control with fewer key presses. I found myself rolling alot more than strafing so A&D make more sense to me.Co-op Potential===========This game does not have any level of MP at all...BUT! I want to make it a point to say that everspace would be perfect for co-op. Devs, if you read this review - keep it in mind. Hell, make a new kickstarter to fund the Multi-player aspects if you have to. Eitherway, I would much rather see a great singler player first!"
76561198053733254,Recommended,396750,28341375,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,nightelf,"Freelancer + Roguelike = Everspace.It's cost each cent of it's price, even now in EA... it's fully playable (!!!!) (unlike many other EA games)"
76561197979366434,Recommended,396750,31851851,Posted: 19 May,all,Syrin,"This game is AWESOME.   This has the distinction of being the best space combat game I have played AND the best rogue game I have played.   It's hard, so start at easy and work your way up.   The space controls are the tightest I have ever played.   No, one one paid me for any of this, it's just a great game.   Support it immediately."
76561197962822145,Recommended,396750,28281183,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,--=[VIX]=--,"Gorgeous game, lots of fun. Looks and plays like the trailers. Worth the buy."
76561197966688987,Recommended,396750,28275404,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shredi,"Beautiful game, worth a buy if you like rogue-likes (e.g. dying a lot) , space and explosions :)"
,Recommended,396750,25810156,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Vinrafel,"First Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/6NO66NFLWdUEverspace was the game I'd wanted for a long time. It's just a good old space combat game.The gameplay is exactly what one would expect, you fly around in a space fighter trying to survive by crafting weaponry and grabbing fuel. Of course there's a few chumps who think they can just take you on, but you can teach them a lesson.The spaceflight is done with full six directional movement, similar to Elite Dangerous.You spend your time jumping between sectors a la FTL and combing the area for resources and fuel so that you can become more powerful and try to get to some secret location.The combat is the bread and butter of this game. You'll go into dogfights against opposing squadrons (usually a fight will be you against three or more other ships) and you'll use your sick skills to take them down. If you're  a good pilot then the first few sectors will be a piece of cake, but enemies only get harder as time goes on. That's how a rouge like do.Really, even though this is Early Access, it has the content of a full release. With the addition of story elements, which I believe the devs said they were adding, and the other types of ships (by the way, there's only one type of ship right now. There will be three) this game will be exceptional.If you have ever been interested in space dogfighting games, pick this game up. It is well worth the investment."
76561198047259048,Recommended,396750,25630329,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Fiercewarriors,Awesome game! Definitely recommend it. Worth every penny = )
76561197982804676,Recommended,396750,34184650,Posted: 11 August,all,Pappy,"I was looking for a game that reminded of me playing Earth and Beyond and Everspace fills the bill nicely. It's the right mix of exploration, mining and galactic space battles that will keep you coming back and there's a lot more here than meets the eye at first glance. There's a nice variety of opponents and each has a unique way of engaging you in battle so choosing the right weapons and devices does make a big difference. I really enjoy the upgrade system as it gives you lots of freedom to pick and choose what benefits you the most while still providing a reason to spend some cash on those things that aren't your primary focus. The 3 different types of ships provides for a lot of flexability in the way you play. There's a lot of thought put into the design of this game so it's more than just a pretty shooter. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,396750,25505487,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Darkanus,"For the keyboard + mouse controls, the mouse is misleading the axys!Game feels cool, I think I like but fix the mouse positioning please. I already died two times in TUTORIAL just because mouse 'feels' crazy too.EDIT 1: The game is really cool. I'm loving so far! I have played using a xbox360 controller and surely improved the gameplay, I can't disagree, but still the aiming will need to be improved or fixed as it feels too much 'dancer' (very hard to keep the aim steady). Well, that's it. Aside the controls issues this game is a blast to keep you occupied in a very satisfied way. I JUST NEED THE NEXT SHIIIIIP haha :D and, ofc, I need to point that is nothing easy get money in the game as you will die-hard trying alot, and it's not bad at all, I know, but the progress technologies upgrades will happen slowling. Just be patient and you will get stronger for sure.About crashes I had randomly forcing the game close itself and returning to desktop a few times during my gameplay. But I'm sure they will sort this out as this game is in still alpha version.All in all, worth it!Not regret to buy it in early-access.8/10"
76561197982345110,Not Recommended,396750,31682614,Posted: 11 May,all,Lioncash,"It might be fun for some people, the graphics are amazing but it just feels quite empty. I don't find dying and dying over and over again to grind materials/get a good run fun. I think this game would benefit more from following the Freelancer experience, in that way I think it could be one of the best space sims available. However I just didn't find it fun or immersive enough to warrant it's price tag."
,Not Recommended,396750,25646067,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,SirScott,"To me this is a FTL + Galaxy on Fire crossover.  Those are both great games individually but not together in this form.  Here's why:The core problem is resource gathering. To me this is tedious and repetitive, each zone has some amount of loot in it that you have to scour around for.  Ultimately just like FTL you're going to need a large amount of quality loot in order to increase your chance of prolonging your death each run.  With that in mind as the player you feel compelled to extract a significant portion from what each zone can provide.So let’s say an average zone breakdown is:50% fun things like combat and misc. objectives50% mindlessly scouringIf you spend about 6 minutes on average in each zone that’s 3 minutes of not so fun gameplay.  Average 10 or so zones per run and you’re looking at 30 minutes.  The rouge-like nature means once you die that’s it, you have to start over.  So you realize you spent 30 minutes out of your life mindlessly searching for random loot which in the end might get you some small bonus to help you on the next run.FTL on the other hand gets right to the point, every decision matters, there is no “fluff” to the gameplay.  When you die you know what you did wrong (usually). There is no “well, maybe if I searched a little harder in zone 5 I could’ve got something better”.Gameplay aside, graphics and flight mechanics are great.  But then again so is galaxy on fire, and that game you can warp to other planets and trade and interact and it feels substantial.  Still early access so I guess things can change but to me the core gameplay just isn't all that fun."
76561198029921067,Recommended,396750,30459169,Posted: 11 March,all,Ай-ай-ай-ай-ай,Fascinating graphics and good optimizations.But I still prefer RPG styled gameplay like Galaxy on Fire
76561198180661645,Recommended,396750,31590157,Posted: 6 May,all,iamsopure,"So far so good, looking forward for the formal version. By the way why I don't have an option to select the Language as 'Chinese' when writing my Steam reviews."
,Recommended,396750,32030982,Posted: 28 May,all,Valdemarian,Best space game in a while.
76561198030777209,Recommended,396750,32212463,Posted: 5 June,all,Septiimus,"I hate roguelikes, yet I can't stop playing this.A beautiful sci-fi masterpiece."
76561198149908268,Recommended,396750,32051772,Posted: 29 May,all,exazoom,"If you like FTL, try this"
,Recommended,396750,30693553,Posted: 23 March,all,Bidurino,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAfinally a good game
76561198078132976,Recommended,396750,30642999,Posted: 20 March,all,Metalicum,"Didn't have much time to get into it so far, but the first impression is great.The game looks good, sounds good, definitelly functional Early Access version. EAcc is always a gamble, but this product is functional.this is the first space-ish flying game in a very long time where you don't have to attend space flying school for 50 years to actually enjoy it. It is so responsive, so satisfying to control (that doesn't mean the combat is easy, oh no it doesn't).It's much more of an arcade shooter than a space flying sim. And that's great, beacuse there is nothing like this on Steam as far as I am concerned."
76561198014333231,Recommended,396750,32709460,Posted: 23 June,all,Kieron,"Fun game, but for some reason the cutscenes don't work - the screen is black with subtitles popping up where video should be and no sound.  Not a huge loss, the videos can be viewed separately, but a stupid bug to release a game with.  Expensive for what you get."
,Recommended,396750,25699899,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SiGM4,"Amazing optimisation(better than a lot of fully released games)Beautiful visualsFun, roguelike gameplayOcasional dialogue to explain the different parts(sectors) of the universe you go through are very nicely doneVery responsive mouse controls and a really fun combat systemOne of the most polished early access games there is, however it is still suffering from the typical Early Access problem - lack of content.It's still a very fun game but I would wait for more content to be added or for a sale"
76561198331564802,Recommended,396750,31264529,Posted: 20 April,all,jcbowers213,"This game has seems okay. I feel it has the ingrediants for a relativally good game. It needs work though. The sensitivity of the mouse controls are WAY to insane. I found it hard to aim at moving tragets. Otherwise, it could sufice as a game i'd be proud to have on steam."
,Recommended,396750,31230045,Posted: 18 April,all,Ish,Very enjoyable game.  Unplayable with a mouse.  PS4 pad layout is buggy. (lose HUD reticule) No flightstick control is the single biggest problem with this otherwise great game.  You MUST have a pad to enjoy this title properly.
76561198152259359,Recommended,396750,25535648,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Stenrack,"Went to go attack some enemy dronens, found a giant space cruiser with giant cannons.10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,396750,30320241,Posted: 4 March,all,de_fault,"This game is fantastic, I've never spent so much time on a game in 1 sittingI'm not much of a reviewer but here's what I thinkControls are great, you won't have any difficulty learning the movements (keyboard and mouse)This is the best looking game I have and it isn't even on max settingsStory is solid enough, keeps you coming back after you died to learn more, and some shipwreck entries are also quite interesting to readCombat is what no man sky wished it had (I know this is an old joke)Plenty of enemy varietyThere is only 3 ships, and each of them have unique play styles, though I still prefer the first shipPlenty of upgrade you can buy and FINDplenty of weapons varietyTo summarize, this game offer fantastic graphic with excellent gameplay and control, easy to learn hard to masterRecommend playing on easy first to get used to the controls and learn the use of different guns, don't be a savage and start on hardAlso pro tip: don't die"
76561198050564779,Recommended,396750,32995594,Posted: 29 June,all,Haggis,11/10 would respawn again
76561198017297483,Recommended,396750,28244272,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Herr Rossi,"great early acces title so far, keep it comming"
76561197997783684,Recommended,396750,25697221,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mordouk,"From what I just tested, the game is beautiful, the controls are easy to use, and the difficulty is (for now) well balanced.Hope everything follows in that way"
76561198018867865,Recommended,396750,32087694,Posted: 31 May,all,Paqu,"So I finish the tutorial part and begin my first run, 5 enemies show up and I die within 20 seconds. Get an achievement ""Welcome To EverSpace""Will definately continue playing."
,Recommended,396750,32045566,Posted: 29 May,all,Rocket Pak,Fun space shooter.  Deffinetly needs multiplayer.
,Recommended,396750,25976376,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Go Eat A Towel,A space rouge-like. Fantastic.
76561197996052657,Recommended,396750,25559992,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Brakden,"Hey there.Great game, would totally recommend.What you geta difficult game with a learning curve similar to FTL and the brutal punishment therein.between run progression like Rogue Legacy. This part I am unsure how I feel. I dont know if you COULD beat the game on your first run through, and that is kinda sad. But the progression between rounds is fun.Great controls. Although not super advanced, they become very intuitive. The feeling of flying through an asteroid at full speed with enemies chasing you is pretty great.A very well thought through game. Lots of little things really make you feel like a space pirate. smash the container, steal the stuff, and boost away before the missles hit you.Great graphics. I have a potato, but even on lowest settings the game looks great and runs smoothly.The early access experience. A couple bugs here or there. I have had multiple things spawn inside solid objects. Also once my shields would not recharge and i had to restart the run.Would recommend."
,Recommended,396750,25595921,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,PigmonkeY,"It's like FTL was in the room watching Freelancer and Descent conceive a child.   The gameplay is already very tight.Assuming there's more to come, this is the best impulse purchase I've made in a long time."
,Recommended,396750,25576919,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Semblance,"Updated review as of 3/20/17-------This game never ceases to get boring for me. Just when I think I've done it all, or seen it all, it throws something new and (unfortunately) bad for you. Think your dark nebula is bad enough? Add in two jump suppressors, one being on a corvette - and did I mention that this was in sector 6? That being said, this scratches my descent world itch while also preserving the same mechanic that was in Rogue Legacy. Absolutely top notch, and that's even before the game is out.A+ for an Early Access. This is how it's done, folks."
,Recommended,396750,28210209,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,StoicJ,"Fixed all the issues that were in the earlier versions, game no longer freezes and you arent ripped apart the instant you jump into certain sectors.Added Difficulty option on launch are nice. Gives more chance to actually git gud before being ripped apart in Hard.As always, the scenery is amazing, the visuals make this game a real treat just to float around and explore in.Tips and Index containing the story and info you pick up in the game is great.Can't wait to see where the game will go from here."
76561197985664727,Recommended,396750,28679547,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GAK,"This game is ready for prime time (almost, awaiting full realease of course).I paid for it, today and while it's not my first space-love, Earth and Beyond, it'll do quite nicely.RegardsFollow Up:18hrs of game play in, and I'm still inept, and/or dying like a spacepig.  At lease there's no permadeath (yet).The dynamic is hard for me to grasp evidently, but I am stubborn, and old, and too set in my ways to acquiesce so easily to a game.So, I will endeavor.Final Update:48hrs in, and I have all three ships, while not maxed out they're all very different.I have the way the enemy scouts, elite scouts and different levels of drones manage themselves combat-wise and can say, the game is MUCH more fun!  So gratifying to blow the bad guys out of the vacuum now!!The detonations were good before, but much sweeter now.I can also say that I hightly recommend this game for anyone who likes flying with busted inertial dampeners, slewing and sloshing around avoiding incoming fire is, a lol-fest.But, if you have a problem with dying ( a lot )  don't rage quit, it gets managable soon.  Like 2 days in, if you're....inept like I am/was/forever will be.Regards"
76561198001418172,Recommended,396750,25668238,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kosemartin,"Looks great, nice gameplay, but feels shallow in it's current state. Wait for a 50% sale or better."
,Recommended,396750,28707345,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mechanought,"I find this game to be very enjoyable, even though it's in Early: Access. Hell the game could cease development right now and I'd feel like I got my moneys worth. The flight and combat are incredibly fluid and enjoyable. The environments are spectacular and get REALLY spectacular in the later sectors. One of the sectors is genuinely terrifying through ambience alone, which is awesome.Graphics are great. Not cutting edge, but very sharp and just plain pleasing to the eyes. The game is also very well optimized from what I can tell. My 970 doesn't have any issues running this on maxed graphics with no noticeable frame skips or drops in framereate.The story, while obviously a placeholder for the more ambitious story the developer has planned, is just engaging enough to keep you motivated to push on. The main character (you) can be kind of annoying but not unforgivably so. I still haven't beat sector 6 so I haven't finished the story, but I definitely want to see how it ends so I'll definitely keep playing. Beyond the story there's lots of replay value. Getting all the perks for your ships and pilot. Getting blueprints for crafting. Simply enjoying the randomly generated maps and the situations that arise from them. It's pretty cool to see Outlaws, Aliens, and Corporate Bodyguards duking it out around a Corvette that's raining hell on anything that moves. All the while you can jump into the fray and feel like a BAMF when you come out on top with just a sliver of live left and your compnents all damaged. But then you fall into a black hole so it all works out in the end I suppose.The vast array of components really lets you come up with any playstyle you like. Cloaking, time dialation, buff/debuff, close range combat, long range combat, and on and on just make for a metric tonne of ways you can approach combat (or evasion).I wish you could modify your starting loadout, and I wish there were more non-combat things to do, but as it is it's a damn good game. Just a lot of fun and really engaging.Highly reccomended, the devs deserve support."
76561198012945103,Recommended,396750,25578779,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,camkool,Good game! Can't beleive this is a kickstarter. Deserves to be top of best sellers daily list on steam
76561197999434864,Recommended,396750,25662835,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Vartazian,"Lots of Potential, Still a bit short on uniqueness for the ""roguelike"" aspect. Many zones still feel like the previous zone with things placed in different spots. Being early access this is forgivable though, as long as it is fixed.It is a beautiful game and the combat is fun, albeit a bit awkward to learn.Best played with a controller. Only suggestion would be to wait until it comes down a bit in price its not worth 35$ for the content currently, It will undoubtedly become worth it later."
76561197967487524,Recommended,396750,25676534,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Virtuoso,"This game is fantastic.  The visuals are great, the controls feel responsive (keyboard + mouse) and the basic gameplay elements are all there.  With some additional content it is going to be an awesome, awesome game."
76561197971420524,Recommended,396750,25595891,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Kin-Row,"It's very much a clone of Road Redemtion to me but thats a good thing!  It handles a lot like Desent.  (Any that don't know it's one of the first 3d movment games, and it looks like this is modeled after Desent3.)  So far in the 1 1/2 runs ( I kind of boosted into an ateroid I was mining oops...) it was fun.  I really like the computer walking you threw options and explinations, as well as the charaters voice.  (Only thing I'd change would be adding a female voice to the pilot just for a variation.  The controls are a little jumbled on the gamepad I find, but easy to adapt to.  I can't wait to see it's evolution just as I did for Road Redemtion."
76561198147114392,Recommended,396750,25618007,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,CunningPenguin,Very fun game. Really well polished considering it's an early access game. It's suffering from getting repetitive after some time - mostly because of lack of content which I expect will be added when the game exits early access stage.
76561198000042958,Recommended,396750,25664595,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,dahaka,Really Great game love the Atmospheric nuance total Kuduos for going with this Art Style .Wanted a space flight sim fell i got so much more as it Evolves in its own SpaceScape did i just say wow.  I wish i Could Afford th HTC vive or i use it on that might try Track IR .
,Recommended,396750,25666004,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jareth Christ,"Takes a great theme and puts it into a wonderfully adapted rogue-like universe. If FTL and Elite had a baby and then meanwhile Rouge Legacy and Sublevel Zero had a baby, and then by some miracle those two babies met.. and ♥♥♥♥ED.. this would be the♥♥♥♥♥♥that they birthed. Glorious structure and so much potential for additional content.. cannot wait for more updates :D"
,Recommended,396750,25657433,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DenDay,"Hey, That's pretty good!"
,Recommended,396750,25663814,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SkinPickle,This is the game that you shoot alens and bad guys in the outer space with things like yellow stuff and orange stuff and purple stuff that makes them explode when their shield goes down and their health goes down after. Sometimes you can be in different places really fast and other times you can be in different places even faster. You are in a rocket ship the whole time and you get to make more things to make your rocket ship go faster and make more yellow stuff to shoot the alens and bad guys with. It is a good game 5 out of 4 stars because you sometimes see stars in the game so you get more stars than you started with.
76561198091584741,Recommended,396750,25960461,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DuCLoW,First time playing a game such as this.. Love the controler support .. Look forward to more custom options to your ship ..
,Recommended,396750,25504104,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Mr. Black,"- Shows great potential- Nice graphics- Mediocre performance but that is likely limited to me.Basically No Mans Sky but with actual gameplay.Word of warning, GeForce Experience tends to not like this game for some reason, so watch out for that.Will update my review as the game updates."
76561197992346998,Recommended,396750,25668931,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mr. DP,"Bought this game after reading it had good Keyboard and Mouse controls, no regrets.I love space shooters. This might not fully what i want in one, but damn is it fun if you have some time to kill though.The best comparison i can find for it though is the game Rouge Legacy. You do a run, gather credits and try to get as far as possible, die and upgrade, and then do another run.Fun Times"
,Recommended,396750,25553223,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Vendetta,All the fun of Elite Dangerous and X3 without any of the grind.
76561197982996091,Recommended,396750,25642219,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Crypto',this game is just super duper awesome and kewl
,Recommended,396750,28814022,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,clean,"new on this account over 20 hours logged.  Gets some what borring after a while, and the crafting is hard to understand at first.  Good game if you are willing to pay yhe price for it."
,Not Recommended,396750,32305370,Posted: 9 June,all,Booch,"Flying ANYTHING whether it be 'simulation' or not, I use a joystick. I was really looking forward to this game, but, shockingly, there is no joystick support at all. I didn't realize this until after I purchased and installed the game.I couldn't believe a game like this wouldn't have joystick support, so I did lots of digging. According to developer responses I've read, they have no plans to include joystick support for the reason that the game isn't intended to be a simulation. I guess they didn't need my $$ then and I know I'm not the only one. I'm not flying a space ship with a keyboard and mouse."
76561197995483504,Recommended,396750,32045550,Posted: 29 May,all,disruptor2k5,FOR ME ITS A MUCH BETTER GAME THAN ED. ED IS CRAZY INDEPTH AND IF YOU HAVE 9000HRS TO PLAY YOU CAN GET LOST IN IT.THIS GAME GIVES YOU THE EPIC FEEL OF ED WITH OUT LOOSING EVERYTHING EVERY TIME YOU DIE. INFACT DYING IS PART OF THE GAME AND THAT KINDA WHAT MAKES IT NEAT YOU TRY TO DO BETTER THAN YOUR LAST RUN EVEN THOUGH IT WILL NOT BE THE SAME GUYS OR THE SAME MAP. BUT SIMILAR. LOL GRAPHICLY BEAUTIFUL HONESTLY ONE OF THE MORE AWEENSPIRING GAMES I OWN FOR MY HTC VIVE. REALLY WOULD LIKE HOTAS CONTROLS THOU. BUT FOR SURE WORTH THE PRICE
,Recommended,396750,31981856,Posted: 26 May,all,Harty,"This is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, I love FTL and this is just awesome. only played for like an hour and i love it"
76561197994987079,Recommended,396750,29433718,Posted: 22 January,all,gilead,Feels very finished and polished for early access game.
76561198014919552,Not Recommended,396750,32329256,Posted: 10 June,all,Passdasoup,"I bought this game to be played in VR (VIVE), however it continually crashes, even on the lowest settings.  My PC is more than ample to play this game, and while looking over the forums, I noticed there are moany others with same experience.I will admit, the game is beautifully crafted and visually stunning while playing normally, so I do recommend it, just not for VR.I tried to submit my crash reports through the Everspace website, but for some reason, I have not recieved a registration password even though it shows my email address was accepted."
,Recommended,396750,26585425,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MAYHAM,"great game fun for hrs,dev team great job, if youare thinking about getting it watch my channel see it for your self!!! check it out on twitch!!!! mayhamallover , everspace im live allday!!!!"
,Recommended,396750,25857859,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Ass Pancakes ||||| blw.tf,"Everspace is a great space game which i totally recommend, even in this stage!What Everspace IS:Everspace is a fast paced open-area with many different bioms to explore!It has;-great voice acting-stunning graphics (see screenshots below)-great optimisation (runs at max except anti aliasing at about 60 fps almost everywhere on my gtx 860m and i7-4740)-addictive gameplay with replayablility-Good controlsWhat it ISN'T:-A multiplayer-Coop game (don't expect it anytime soon)-An open world game (no  planets to land on and you die if you drift too far away from the actual battlefield).-A yet finished gameIt is overall a great singleplayer with lovely characters. as long as you don't mind that it's still early accessits a good experiencehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=774901840http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=769062081http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=774901916"
76561198053502124,Recommended,396750,28397012,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,paoweeotter,fun game looks very pretty
,Recommended,396750,34781005,Posted: 6 September,all,[2BF] MisterIXI,"At first I dissmissed this game since I generally have not enjoyed most space flying games until now, but after trying it out at gamescom I just had to buy it afterwards.The controlling of the ship is extremely intuitive and enjoyable - seriously, that is so much better than I expected. And the whole Roguelike and ftl like sector system are great as well.All around a great Game I definitely recommend!"
76561198031751767,Recommended,396750,34794973,Posted: 7 September,all,Satchelcharge78,"Fun little gap filler game. My only negative comment is the time it takes to achieve any form of results. so far i have managed to reach sector 3, but no further, even with restarting over 21 times(their is a restart counter in game and yes you will restart quite abit). their are 3 difficulty settings, easy earning 25% less credits, however you will actually earn more credits over all because you can go further. Hard earns 25% more credits, but the enemies are suicidally tough to take down.Normal is......well normal. as the button says "" the way your meant to die"".over all the game is fun and as you play further into it, you will notice gains. however im going to assume those gains will be once you have died over 45 to 50 times, and without using any ""trainers"""
,Recommended,396750,25561690,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Chalky,It's what I wanted out of NMS.
76561197988385633,Recommended,396750,28180923,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Regdab,"While not the GSF (Of Starwars the Old Rebuplic) like I was hoping, this is a great game. I eagerly await the finished product. This is quite the wild ride!"
76561198004271587,Not Recommended,396750,25632363,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Declan,"A $15 game being sold for $30. Once I realized it was from the same people that made Galaxy on Fire, it kinda all made sense. The game just *feels* like a cheap space-sim. The flying mechanics are nausiating and don't respond natural at all: your turning speed is determined (as far as I can tell) by how sensitive you have the mouse set at and not by ship specifications. Targeting is fairly difficult with keyboard and mouse. The HUD is an absolute mess; trying to find anything specific in the region is a painstaking process because all icons are basicially the same shape and color and there's no map or minimap. There are like a dozen different resources and upgrading your ship sometimes requires 3 or 4 different kinds of these resources in different amounts. So you either have to be lucky or scour around to score the right combination. But it's moot anyways because you'll lose any of these upgrades upon death (which happens often), and it makes the effort somewhat forgettable. As is the game in general.It looks pretty but there's no gameplay here. And the devs aren't going to add anymore for the full relase. They've promised two more ships and more voice acting, but that ain't gameplay. There is only ONE way to play this game and I really didn't find the fun in it. No wow moments. To me it seems that a rougelike space-sim just doesn't work that well becuase each succesive run did not feel any more rewarding than the last; they all seemed equally like a waste of time."
76561198055898617,Recommended,396750,25570943,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,greathoudini,I delivered two warm towels and received 2000$. What else can you expect from such a game?
76561198369172523,Recommended,396750,34637266,Posted: 31 August,all,topek24,"Amazing Game!!! A new breed of space game, I was sure since the first time when I met this game but after around 40 hours spent playing my jaw is broken. Revolutionary gameplay is so useful, enjoyable and what is mostly astonishing, how they arranged movement and fight in this 3D space environment. I know... there are no sounds in vacuum and spacecraft should be subjected to a force of inertia... but this what gives us an unforgettable experience is reasonable compromise between the laws of physics and usable model of flying and fighting. Graphics - I have no words to tell about graphics you just have to see this, feel this... For praise deserves balanced level of difficulty and also we have a vast influence on our performance. There are various opponents which require many particular tactics and weapons - sometimes you can have the heaviest weapon but for example it's weak for shields, therefore if you have no resources to produce ""anti-shield missile"" you are in trouble. You can always find the other way - one time I didn't have a proper gun to hit small and quick-moving drones which were loading a shield of ""Okkarian Corvette"", I will not forget my joy when I found solution - I produced the ""dron takeover module"" then they started to load my own shield. From that moment it was far less hard, to change hostile ship into stardust :) I loved this game from first moment but I can't wait for continuation and development - there is a short story line and only three available spacecrafts. At greater length of time spent in enjoying the space adventure would do well more content, I mean: more type of ships both for player and for opponents and more different ""things in space"" because they may become repetitive. I hope for a massive DLC with new ships, guns, missiles, modules, appliances, sectors, opponents, amazing landscapes, cooperating in group of ships and of course development of storyline, or maybe something like EVERSPACE 2? :D At the end I want to congratulate to the authors from ROCKFISH GAMES, thank you for this divine game - it's the best which I ever played, good luck and see you in space!"
76561197972146100,Not Recommended,396750,34096794,Posted: 7 August,all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"Visually stunning game which is, perhaps, a bit slow to start. Everspace is rogue lite, in which you must start from the beginning, however, with some of the resources and unlocks you received fromy our previous runs. It has randomly generated sectors, and in some sense exploration feels a bit like FTL: you have multiple sectors to choose from, and a fleet is chasing you which will appear if you linger too long in a sector. Each sector looks unique, with spouts of clouds and gas, different planets with different properties, such as rings, size, appearance. There is a lot to see here, and I think this is its strongest feature.The game starts a bit slow. Your first few hours will be filled with exploration and mining, gathering resources to slowly improve your ship. If you're not into this, it can feel a bit tedius. The exploration can be somewhat rewarding as you discover new sites, but you'll almost always find the same resources and equipment which varies slightly. You must manage your resources for fuel, repairs, and in order to make new equipment like missiles and shield boosters.While the flight mechanics and combat are fine for a space game - it feels a lot like free space, the enemies can feel like more of the same after while, but you'll find new challanges as you gradually progress. There are also various difficulties to play through, easy, medium, and hard, which will offer players of different abilities different challenges.+Acceptable flight combat+Amazing visuals+Unique systems and exploration+- Easy, medium, and very hard difficulties.-lots of mining and gathering resources-slow to start-story didn't capture meHardcore space fans will love this, casual gamers should probably avoid."
,Not Recommended,396750,32222539,Posted: 6 June,all,Gizrah,"Everspace is a 3D envisioning of FTL, but feeling a lot more empty than said game. Where FTL has you micromanaging your crew, compartments, weapons and targetting, plus plotting the best course through each system, Everspace gives you none of those and gives straight-up action.If you're not a fan of FTL's type of management, that might seem like a good thing, but unfortunately, the action boils down to you shooting asteroids and deposits for ores and crystals, as well as a game of who can strafe/ascend/descend fastest and most random, in order to avoid getting REKT by the opponents.Admittedly, I didn't spend a lot of time trying to get the combat under control, but I also didn't *want* to. The combat didn't entice me enough to actually want to invest time in. It felt like a bother.The progression of the game is quite straight up and features a style similar to Road Redemption, where you collect cash that's only usable that round after each death. To fully upgrade a ship, you'd be spending close to 1 million in-game currencies, though. The upgrades themselves also didn't make you that much more powerful, that you'd feel like it was a massive improvement. Same goes for the different ships (3 of them). One's avarage, has shields and decent hull points; one's quick and is wrecked even quicker than the first ship; one's tanky, has a turrent, but no shields. The tradeoff of having a tanky ship with no shields is nasty, because repairing your hull is excessively pricy when you're out of luck and don't get nanites to drop from enemies.There's still some good though. The game is good looking. Then again, there's not much to show on screen, as each system is quite empty.The other good thing is that I now know how to refund a game."
,Not Recommended,396750,26684599,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,fastpuppy,All the parts are there but it's just a run and gun game. Kind of boring actually.
,Not Recommended,396750,26720287,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,filthy degenerate,"Fun game, but it is very repetitve. Collect materials, fight stuff, die and rinse and repeat. That's basically it.EDIT: I realize i commented during the EARLY ACCESS so it'll definitely improve but as of now it is very repetitive."
76561197989275029,Not Recommended,396750,32750032,Posted: 24 June,all,DefaultPlayer,"Tried to play this with a PS4 controller which seemed to be supported through steam. Turning the ship was only able to be done by the touch-pad which was nausiating. Also the seating positioning is buggy as hell. I had to take my headset off, put it under my desk, then hit F8 to position it adequatly for a person sitting at the desk. As well as that, if you enter the game via a Vive controller, it won't let you use any other controller past that point. I couldn't seem to get Keyboard and Mouse to work at all.Spent 30 minutes trying to configure the game. I couldn't. Never had so much trouble with a VR game before.  Which is a shame, because the audio and visuals while I was configuring were amazing."
,Recommended,396750,25598387,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,SirTinyPants,"I bought it because of the trailer. I done good, its fun."
,Recommended,396750,25502504,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Oblaque,One of the best Early Access and space exploration game I have ever played in my entire 3 decades of existence.
76561198032229884,Recommended,396750,28248564,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,WolfyTheTerrible,10 START NEWGAME20 LAUNCH SCANNING_PROBE30 GET_MAULED_BY_AMBUSH40 GOTO 1010/10 Would get mauled again. Good game.
,Not Recommended,396750,32175318,Posted: 4 June,all,Tyrone Biggums,Seems great but it constantly crashes and is currently unplayable for me...
76561198028651970,Recommended,396750,29343312,Posted: 18 January,all,comrad_gremlin,"If you would ask me to give a brief description of Everspace, I’d instantly say that it’s a mix between Freelancer and Rogue Legacy. You travel from sector to sector of the galaxy via hyperspace jumps, kill the enemies and gather equipment to get to your goal (which is intentionally vague). The game is not open space, there is a route that you must follow. After you die – you have to start from scratch. However, you get to keep your money so you can upgrade your ship post-death and make the next run smoother.Here's my full review video in case you want to see more:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7SHuBeOr-0Pros•	Responsive ship controls using keyboard and mouse, decent space dogfighting combat•	Great replayability: after you die, you get to equip the ship for the next run and try to do better•	Amazing graphics: space seems very vivid•	Challenging: you won’t go far during your initial runs, but that’s perfectly fine.•	The missions/small challenges add focus to the gameplay•	Innovative mechanics that work quite well: I think that’s the first combination of roguelike and space sim, have to give props to dev for making it work.Cons•	At this stage, the game can get a bit repetitive: initial levels don’t offer enough variety and it often feels like you are going on the same track when you fly through them. (And you’re going to fly through them a lot!)•	Looting often feels like a tedious job – flying from point to point just to shoot asteroids / crystals can get you bored. The upside is that you don’t have to hunt for resources, but you are greatly reducing your chances to have a good run.•	Like with lots of roguelikes out there, you can get screwed by the gods of random, ensuring an unfavorable setup against you (no decent weapon drops/overwhelming enemy numbers) that ultimately leads to your demise.If you enjoy either permadeath roguelites or space action games – this one is for you. The space dogfights combined with permadeath/improvement mechanics will keep you entertained for some time. I’d probably suggest waiting for full release tho – the game is enjoyable as it is, but the developer promises much more content later on. If you don’t like idejas of permadeath and dying a lot and starting from scratch to achieve your objective – skip  this one."
76561198112335919,Recommended,396750,25515542,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,I played NMS (no mans sky) for 55 minutes of disapointment before asking for a refund. (Thanks Steam) your the best. I have 20 minutes in this and WOW - get it...   my only issue so far.  MY VIVE kicks in and when I shut down the VIVE the game shuts down.IS this a sign that this will support Vr !?!!??!   hope so.going back to play more.played a bit over an hour (I'm not good) but it's a blast - I found I do better with mouse vs game pad.   Also found that VIVE support is coming.  What a bonus!  though I may prefer playing without it.  (VR is hot and uncomfortable... I've not found a game worthy of me playing for long on it.
76561198106560074,Not Recommended,396750,33223452,Posted: 4 July,all,clarktc,"If you are looking forward the story, the freedom that you enjoyed in Galaxy on Fire, then do not buy it. Though it is thought to be the third in the gof series, it is not as fun as gof. And gof3 is a piece of xx."
,Not Recommended,396750,33419268,Posted: 9 July,all,grimjack,"If you plan on using a controller, you have two schemes to choose from with a few modifiers.  Pitch , yaw and roll don't really work well with an xbox controller and they don't seem to have support for a flight stich with rudder pedals.  I really wanted to like this game but until the controls are a lot better, I can't see playing it."
76561198037333282,Recommended,396750,33166841,Posted: 2 July,all,Cotillion,"Knew what I was getting into buying this, and enjoy it immensely."
,Recommended,396750,28721499,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DrownedSailer,"This game is better than star citizen. Probably cuz this game is actually going to be released one day. Star Citizen only has 25000000 years of developement to go. A lot of ppl compare make comparisions to FTL and i would completely agree. Everspace is basically a combination of FTL and a fun space shooter. There is a little bit of mining, exploration, combat and all that adds up to an enjoyable and fun game."
76561197993288786,Recommended,396750,25518162,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Invest,Awesome game! Now I wish there was a game like this in a fantasy/medieval setting
,Recommended,396750,25503501,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Quoth the Raven,"The best space combat I have experienced since Freelancer. Please... please just add a story to match up with it. Dont just make it about a FTL sector to sector game. Add a story and you will make ALOT more money.Also, if you add a multiplayer element (an arena perhaps with a rank system and rewards) you will get even more people into this game.Remember, you'll always be better than No Man's Sky, but don't get lazy. Finish what could be a masterpiece with story added."
76561198045966388,Recommended,396750,28675568,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Acherrum,This is how flying and space combat should've been in No Man's Sky.
,Recommended,396750,25696391,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Snow1P,"Everspace is a must-play game if you love space, fps, and FTL. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ten light years better than No Man's Sky.  Sean Murray could have just focused the game with just space exploration with no planet landing's involved like in Everspace, but hey who gives a ♥♥♥♥ right? Get this game if you were ♥♥♥♥ing disappointed with No Man's Sky and every other ♥♥♥♥ing space exploration game. This is the closest ever game that is still in alpha that meets my criteria of what a fast paced space game is really all about. Be simple and be ♥♥♥♥ing amazing = Everspace."
,Recommended,396750,32326142,Posted: 10 June,all,Kami (NO CSGO),"If you have anything big coming up like exams or an important report, dont buy this game, its addictive.If you dont, i absolutely recommend you buy this game."
76561197965199170,Recommended,396750,25735716,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,baby otter,preh dope.
,Recommended,396750,34925878,Posted: 13 September,all,Xorax,"Nice game, works good on Linux with Nvidia graphics.One thing that annoys me is aiming with a mouse does not feel good. It feels like there is some kind of mouse acceleration going on, which you can't disable in the options."
76561198006351267,Recommended,396750,34951269,Posted: 14 September,all,Motte,Haven't had this much fun in a space game since Freelancer back in the day. Well done!I'm thrilled for whats to come.Buy it!
,Recommended,396750,25596549,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,0ops sorry,must buy
76561198088554697,Recommended,396750,25596016,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,seaero,Holy ****! WTF is that ARC-9000?! Doomsday weapon? lol
,Recommended,396750,25503256,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,☪ █▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀ █▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"WOW, just wow. I've been excited for this game since I've heard about on the Xbox One subreddit a month or two back, and it's already got me loving it. It's like Dark Souls, but in space. You kill things, get money, get resources, craft, DIE, repeat.10/10 would die again to upgrade my ship."
76561198123347412,Recommended,396750,32045951,Posted: 29 May,all,Rico Dandeles,pay attention to the system requirements
,Not Recommended,396750,32231176,Posted: 6 June,all,Edge Traverser,"Can't recommend the game for VR users.  VR forces the use of gamepad (can't use KB/mouse or HOTAS) and in my case, I could not get the game to detect input from my xbox 360 controller.  When I launch the game in non-vr mode, it forces the audio output to the headset even though my default audio device is my onboard audio.  There is no way in-game to change the output device settings.Personally, I bought the game because it was supposed to be a VR game.  I can't play in VR because of the gamepad bug.. I could spend time figuring it out... I suspect it is related to the throttle and joystick I currently have plugged in...  But I really don't have the patience to mess around, so it's getting uninstalled until (if) they work the bugs out."
,Recommended,396750,25896680,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Moon MOon,Addicted.
,Recommended,396750,33189993,Posted: 3 July,all,cX` Twisted,over 20 deaths and counting
,Recommended,396750,34545459,Posted: 27 August,all,Teirce,"Space-themed rougelite with tight controls and fun gunplay. The 3-dimensional movement in space is a nice touch, since most rougelites are 2D.During a run you collect credits, which you can spend during the run trading for better gear / supplies. At the end of each run, you can spend whatever credits you have leftover on permanent upgrades for your ship. These range from % bonuses to extra weapon slots.If you like rougelites, you'll like this game. There's RNG-based crates and other things. I think there's more skill / tactics based runs here, but ultimately if you get bad gear then you probably won't have a successful run.If you don't like rougelites, there's not much here for you. It's a very pretty game, the combat is fun, and the controls are tight. But there is no escaping the genre elements."
,Recommended,396750,28228769,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Turkvangogh,"My Let's Play on a 2013 Macbook Pro 16GB RAM GT 750 NVIDIA 2.3 GHZ Laptop:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igsmezfXVW4I LOVED eVersPace & still play it to this day. It is still limited in ships & game modes but since I can't run EVERY game on my laptop everspace runs super well & looks gorgeous at times. It is compatible with PS4 controllers which is a plus & is a challenging space shooter. I only wished that any attributes or items salvaged in a game play is kept if killed....since I get killed alot being unskilled in these types of games, so I constantly have to start over with a brand new ship with basic attributes without the gained upgrades. Since it is a rougue like space shooter it isnt something I can expect, but I definitely wish there were other game modes where those items can be saved. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!"
,Recommended,396750,32193620,Posted: 5 June,all,HavoK,Having alot of fun playing the game and making a video series of the game. FeEl free to check out my experience at this link. Everspace Playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR7t-6mcTz7JwZZJ-5yskSDAyUFn1y-Rr
,Recommended,396750,32462159,Posted: 15 June,all,Bort,Pretty good
,Recommended,396750,33295669,Posted: 5 July,all,g.ho,"Game is very fun and has high replay, but beware of a Trojan virus. My antivirus picked one up for Steam\steamapps\common\EVERSPACE\RSG\Binaries\Win32\RSG-Win32-Shipping.exe"
,Recommended,396750,31190801,Posted: 16 April,all,renegadeIX,The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love-child of FTL and Elite:Dangerous.
76561198108256658,Recommended,396750,25993637,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Jioder,10/10 Would explode again
,Recommended,396750,25694836,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Jasonridesabike,"So far I'm really enjoying it. The only thing that could make it better were more Newtonionish physics. It's hard not to be erked by how unrealistic they are. 100% newtonion would maybe be a little too hard to control, but something a little closer would be nice."
76561197977457625,Recommended,396750,31196799,Posted: 17 April,all,Kotli,Fun rogue like space game. Designed to be played multiple times.
76561197995576985,Recommended,396750,32261923,Posted: 7 June,all,shadowq,Solid
76561198031510692,Recommended,396750,30737028,Posted: 25 March,all,ntswm2,"A bit expensive, but still a blast."
,Recommended,396750,33739233,Posted: 23 July,all,anthonypants,"have you ever wanted a game like FTL where you could fly the ships around in first- or third-person, and with optional vr support?buddyI have some extremely good news for you"
,Recommended,396750,32053074,Posted: 29 May,all,PeekItUp,This game is fantastic
,Not Recommended,396750,31872053,Posted: 20 May,all,Darchind,"I previously wrote a negative review, but I withdrew the negative review with the respect to the game going live. I took a chance on it, and now I regret it.This game lacks structure. Being constantly harassed and accosted by waves of NPCs is not fun. There also seems to be a lack of any focal objective to the game, other than to endlessly upgrade components. However, this system is not fair, as much of the time you will have limited or no access to the components needed to upgrade the components. It is entirely possible that some of the fanboy types who have given this game positive reviews have found the time and patience to learn the system of mechanics (by cirvumenting them, presumably), but as one who is accustomed to structure, I simply cannot find the time or the patience to follow suit.This game is going to fade very fast unless the developers overhaul the game to have structure. The user interface also feels cheap and out of order."
,Recommended,396750,32026060,Posted: 28 May,all,Griecki,"Great game! An excellent example of how a modern day arcade shooter should be! However between all the insta-deaths it's easy to lose track of the story between all the insta-deaths, but there is a place to catch up and thus adds to its charm.Another thing is this game extremely well optimised as I use a low end laptop (so low end I use an intel hd 3000 for graphics) and it runs flawlessly and beautifully at 40 FPS! So for a modern game this is extremely impressive and assuring that not all new games develpers believe that near obsolete systems aren't used for games!I so badly hope for a DLC that has a story that is more story and stations (like GoF 2 or Elite Dangerous for singleplayer)."
,Recommended,396750,32218875,Posted: 6 June,all,TeaDrinkingToni,"One Word...AwesomeOh, those were eight words^^"
,Recommended,396750,29010814,Posted: 4 January,all,[dfa]sicko,"Roguelike space dogfighting with crafting and lootBored of the Christmas steam sale I decided to take a risk and so came into EverSpace with fairly low expectations.It's main strengths is the simplicty of its parts.The graphics are pretty, the mechanics are meaty enough to give a satisfying fight. The progression via a FTL'esque map to new systems which each have a random sprinkling of ships, traders and loot hidden and a hidden random timer you have until chasing intercepers arrive to harrase you into jumping to the next system.The FTL comparison I keep seeing and I have used it already, but I will return to it to help with one thing, this game is not a huge story driven narrative or massive open ended Elite/Freelancer effort. It is very much in the traditional roguelike small session one aim driven context, in that context it is like FTL. On average I reckon my games have lasted anywhere from a few min to up too half an hour.Theres currently 3 ships that give different flavours of combat, theres perk skill trees attached to them and your main pilots as well. I say pilots plural as everytime you die you start afresh with a newly random named pilot but with the added advantage of your credits being spent on skills to help you progress hopefully further and further with each death til you reach the end of your journey.It's a great pickup game, but it is Early Access I am reviewing so all might change. I am confident for the better as it is already fairly well polished and I would not be unhappy with it as is as a final product.I can see it having a high level of replayability"
76561198078743052,Recommended,396750,32001556,Posted: 27 May,all,LambDay,"I run a fx-8350 and a r9 380x, I run at ultra and the game looks beautiful. I have yet to encounter any frame issues too. The gameplay is great and i'd say the background story is decent. However i wouldnt say this game would appeal greatly to those who was an in depth story. However it is great in combat, exploration, and quality.Also there is black holes. 15/10 would play again.When i first found a black hole, I immediatly flew my ship into it just because it was a black hole.(p.s. to devs, make black holes more threatening, solar storms are more of a threat than black holes)"
,Recommended,396750,31997727,Posted: 27 May,all,vbonkoski,This game is great. I can sit down and play for just 15 minutes or a few hours. It has been well supported through early accesswith regular updates from the developers. Exactly the game it makes out to be and very satisfying to play.
,Recommended,396750,32127464,Posted: 2 June,all,EnigmaStoleMyBike,"Really cool game!It has a really nice short story, that you painstakingly unravel because you get killed, alot.You also get a ""You win!"" for putting a bullet in your brain :D10/10 Quality German Product"
,Recommended,396750,32959539,Posted: 28 June,all,TheKozmonaut,Looks good and was fun for the limited time I played it but unfortunately it made me very motion-sick in VR.   I know it can be played without VR but that was the only reason I got it in the first place.  Spinning around in the cockpit had me nauseous in no time. So all I can say is give it a try and hopefully you don't get sick like me :*(
,Recommended,396750,34887778,Posted: 11 September,all,Island8,"Great game, really like it. Nice fun cooldown. Play it while watching tv. Some story"
76561198239984244,Recommended,396750,32941745,Posted: 28 June,all,billyjoerr,"Originally got the game when I saw Cohh Carnage playing it on stream, wanted to try it. I'm not sure of the time I've put into Everspace but it's been a great. Thoroughly enjoy the game play and beutiful sceneries. The mechanics are great especially for a keyboard mouse flyer, previous to this I found keyboard mouse flyers to be a bit clunky and aggresive in the steering. Everspace got it right though. The only thing I would want to see a bit more of is customization of the ships; still having the three base models (scout, interceptor and gunner) but have the ability to customize the cosmetics of the ships, wings and rutters, colour of boost fumes, even the interior. Just to make it feel a little more personal. The changes could be 100% cosmetic and I'd still appreciate it. Great game, if you want something away from the competitiveness of todays games this is beautiful and a joy to play."
,Recommended,396750,34884808,Posted: 11 September,all,PlutonFI,The most beautiful game for Win/Mac/Linux
,Recommended,396750,33188036,Posted: 3 July,all,Aresee,"Legit good fun. Smooth controls, high adrenaline dogfighting, loot loot loot. Wish I had gotten this sooner."
,Recommended,396750,31977830,Posted: 26 May,all,Mossberg,"beautiful game, easy and intuitive controls, good balancing and its really hard on highest difficulty, i like it"
,Recommended,396750,31066541,Posted: 10 April,all,Real,"Seriously awesome game. If you're looking for FTL on steroids, or just a space dogfighter without microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, get this game."
,Recommended,396750,34885767,Posted: 11 September,all,Allane,"TL;DR ProsHas an assortment of weapons to play with, all filling their own niche.Fly-by-wire space flight is intuitive and sharp.Has a crafting system which allows you to customize a weapon or piece of equipment to be more general or more specialized to your liking.Every death means making your next run easier through the purchase of ship and pilot upgrades.The backdrops are incredible.TL;DR ConsBecause areas are procedurally generated, you will find the same permutations of an area on different playthroughs.There are some ship balance issues, but the developers are not finished working on the game.As with most RNG-dominated games, the game will eventually throw you an unwinnable situation"
76561198126935698,Recommended,396750,29410493,Posted: 21 January,all,jup_acu93,"good and evolucionary experience, makes feel in spaces battles like star wars, and finds rsources for lvl up your sheep."
,Recommended,396750,29429636,Posted: 22 January,all,Radi0raheem,FTL + First Person/Third Person Space Shooter + Crafting + GoF2 Heritage = SciFi Gaming Joy.  Can't wait for future updates.
,Recommended,396750,34568797,Posted: 28 August,all,Crypticorb,"Excellent game for those who are searching for a true 3-dimensional dogfighting single player game.Use with a mouse/keyboard for maximum control and precision.Be careful not to get motion sickness, it's a true 3-diminsional dogfighting simulator, no artificial horizons or locked axis.The overall plot and gameplay plays out VERY similar to FTL: Faster Than Light, if you swapped the micromanagement aspect for 3D dogfighting.Pros:1: Insanely good graphics, stunning backdrops, graphical effects and explosions2: Very well done story, makes for decent replayability3: UI is very well done4: Music is well done, follows a good theme, though not incredibly awesome5: Narration and Character voicing is witty, engaging, and uniqueCons:1: Gameplay can become a bit repetitive after a while, as each system has a limited amount of obstacles/goodies2: Cockpit view is a bit less than I'd hoped, it blocks the entire bottom 1/3 of the screen, and the cockpit elements are static (No hand movements or joystick changes)3: Enemies are quite limited, there are only about 7-8 different types of ships/tactics to learn and that is all.4: Occasional audio glitch which can be very loud, usually encountered after other SFX like explosions/collisions occur"
,Recommended,396750,34486689,Posted: 25 August,all,[CPC] LapinD,"A very nice little space shooter, with great atmosphere and graphics. You can compare it to FTL, both the runs, the navigation, and the final battle.However, don't expect too much content : once you have finished a few runs, unlocked the 3 ships and most schematics, the game repeats itself. Some more content (other ennemies, planets, different playstyles) would be welcome to keep me playing longer, as in Darkest Dungeon for example.Oh, and it feels like the scout, especially the ""sniper"" version with the shock rifle, is a bit too easy to play."
76561198256417613,Recommended,396750,31204908,Posted: 17 April,all,KillsRUs,"Easily worth the $30 price tag, and I'm picky.Everspace is better than most on Steam and an example of how to do a space shooter right.The gameplay was accurately described as ""FTL in 3D"".  In FTL, you select a starting ship/loadout, then fight in permadeath mode through increasingly difficult, small maps while staying in front of an invincible enemy.  It's fun because a ""run"" only takes a few hours and you're contantly upgrading and pushing forward.Everspace retains that core game and adds smooth 3D combat and resource collection.  It's hard not to go over the top in describing it, since most games are such garbage.  Everspace is beautiful, immersive, challenging, etc.  Ship controls are intuitive and accurate, so you're battling the enemies and not your keyboard.  Resource mining is fun because Everspace includes semi-realistic physics and self-damage mechanics on top of a full set of space challenges (asteriod tunnels, proximity mined wreckage, AI security systems, black holes, solar flares, etc).  The graphics and audio are superb and keep you immersed (via helpful, short voice-overs; logical, unique special effects for everything from sniper pings to proximity alerts; attractive game interfaces.)The downsides are that Everspace is single player with limited repeatability.  After < 50 runs, most players will lose interest.  After 100, serious players will exhaust the difficulty modes and best builds.  Future content -- while worth playing -- probably won't change the game enough to justify another 50.Nevertheless, fantastic game."
,Recommended,396750,32449147,Posted: 15 June,all,Prophet,"Short: It is learn to play / read up what is goodWhen this game finally has native joystick support it is going to be ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Currently I'm emulating dual t1600 as one x360 controller which has dramatically increased playability over just KB/Mouse or my x360 controller.It’s not the perfect title, but its good with the potential to be amazing when you can use stick. Now this is going to frustrate you if you do not like to learn by mistake or discovery. Out of all my runs I died prematurely because of said stupid mistakes or things I did not know.With each run learning from my mistakes or by discovery it got better and of course more enjoyable. So if you do not like to learn or die by mistake I can't say it will be nice. In fact you will probably start to complain like Total Biscuit did even though his concerns with his other impression about strafe is addressed in this one.That is reward for your effort. When you die and you did get a pattern you keep that pattern (for weapon/other) and you can use it if you have the materials. Even if you die you still can use your accumelated credits for that run on perks.Then there is the too little combat and too much explore. I'm sorry but I find this be false news. This is a combination of both and learn through discovery.The game itself is not that hard and you can definitely play it on normal from the beginning to end and still have fun while you learn the game.Tip: spend more points in credit reward so that each time you get credits you get more.Was I entertained? yesWill I play it again? hell yesIf I can change one thing? native joystick support and multiple sticks at that"
76561197968470997,Not Recommended,396750,28652905,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,info,"nice game at the beginning.gets old fast.positive: nice graphicsnegative:it's not you who decides if you succeed. it's the game's RNG.typical situation:suddenly a battleship spawns *right next to you* and instantly oneshots you.for no reason.death by RNG. and this happens routinely.you can not do anything. you just die.or:the game spawns interceptorsover and overover and over until you diewhy? seemingly so you move to the next zone. why?it's idiotic. makes no sense.and they're all specifically after you personally. they don't engage anyone else in the zone.and they NEVER DROP LOOT except fuel.also negative:repairing stuff is often completely impossible.there just isn't any gas or nano bots to repair e.g. life support.there just isn't.and once you manage to buy the gunship, you loose shields.then any little damage the enemy gets in, like during 20 waves of interceptor spawn ins for npo reason, even if you just get hit ONCE, by each, you will die eventually.this game is punishing for no reason.it isn't difficult.it's just a chore.a nice looking, but once you figure out that even if you play flawlessly, you will just die to a battleship spawn in or the never ending interceptor harassment.mr. game designer:  I DO NOT NEED A KICK IN THE BALLS TO TELL ME TO EXPLORE THE NEXT ZONE. ok?being done with a zone will do that.do not buy."
,Not Recommended,396750,31997063,Posted: 27 May,all,rinks361,"Has a few bugs that need worked out. VR is not fully implemented so do not purchase if you plan on playing VR. Even though it shows compatibility with VR headsets it is not working properly so save your money until a fix is issued. If you plan on playing with keyboard and mouse or a gamepad, then give it a try. It plays a lot like Freespace or Darkstar One only when you die you start from scratch and have to try and get as far as possible until your next death."
,Not Recommended,396750,26397575,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,TREXINATUX,"Beautiful. But, lacks features and has rather janky camera/gameplay issues. The simple over map is just a straight unexciting FTL ""Rip-off"". Dying means nothing but a return to the start of the treadmill grind. Not worth the 30 at this time, sadly."
,Not Recommended,396750,32789680,Posted: 25 June,all,pottedmeat7,They list this game as being Vive compatible. But it really isn't. Wasnt even able to use the start menu in VR. Very disappointing. Why is there no space game that can figure out how to add Vive controller support.
76561198283215337,Not Recommended,396750,32742011,Posted: 24 June,all,snatchkins_snatchkins,"Honesty incoming,I played the game so far for  about 1.5 hours, but its is very obvious there are some small and large issues, that seem to ruin the game  for me.1-The ""story"" or limited infomation and interaction with the ships voice provided, feels like an after thought and staged, you never feel like its even you or that you care what happens.2-My goal is to collect resources and credits to upgrade my ship/weapons, does this game sound familiar?  Hello Games reminder.3a-It gets annoying each time I launch after death it askes me if I want easy mode, standard or harder mode.  This seems odd and gets in the way of just jumping back in the game.3b-I decided to start a fresh game, but  this was not an option...at all.  There literally is no, start a new instance.  Just contiune, option (video/sound/controls) credits or save and quit.  No even just quit.  Are they kidding that I can not have seperate saves and game plays.   Unacceptable.4-If you want to gate backwards to places you have been in the limited pathing provided, you can not.   This complete lack of a choice since it is literally only one game instance avalible is a design flaw.  This needs a better mapping system and it needs to be much more flexable.  Maybe let us gate back to any location we were at but all spawn are re added but you get only have the poinst... I dont know I didnt make the game, but  jeeezzz think a bit about it.5-Since this is literally a collect resouce game, I  take major offence that; as others have stated and I agree, there is no HUD  for a radar.   small yellow or red arrows are not very usable in 1st person mode and mkaes it difficult to get them into  cross hairs or quickly located them.The game does look and handle nice on a PC, but with in 30 minutes I am confused and ask  myself ""Is this really just collect resources, kill enemies, rinse and repeat?""   Sadly....YES.This is on sale and I still do not think its worth my time.  It is a great game for play for 15 minutes and come back another day and play 15 minutes, after that it gets boring and repetative since there is not story we give a crap about.I reccomend you wait for this to hit 10 bucks and buy it.  The game fails to engage the user or make you want to care, but more importantly want to peak around the next corner to see what unexpected things await you.   You know what awaits.... collect resources and kill things.I never bought or played No Man Sky; I have seen alot of reviews, but I have to think this is a space only version or that game.Honesty its an ehhh game.    its a 5-6 of 10 for the list price."
76561198264552884,Not Recommended,396750,32787509,Posted: 25 June,all,Noscope God hellcase.com,"This game lacks content. It looks great, dont get me wrong...but this game gets extremely grindy. waste of money"
76561198031197166,Not Recommended,396750,32839010,Posted: 26 June,all,babai,"The dogfight appear not to have any inertia.  You are walking on 3D space not flying.  no gliding. dogfights are not fun.This is all i have to say.  Graphics are somewhat nice, but that does not alleviate the frustration of the flying physics (or lack of, rather).  Price is absurd.D.PS: i never write reviews, this is my first ever. but i feel ripped off. the positive reviews leave me baffled... so i thought i'd let some steam off here."
,Recommended,396750,25502270,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,tdev,Awesome!
76561197984459550,Not Recommended,396750,32177087,Posted: 4 June,all,coldorchestra,"So I went into this game with high hopes. I had been playing older space sim games like X-Wing and Wing commander and I was intrigued by this game. I honestly say its a beautiful game, but there is no pitch, no radar, and most frustratingly of all no flightstick support, I played the game first on mouse and keyboard finding the experience jarring as I couldn't seem to dial my mouse sensativity in as the tutorial bots just seemed to go by blindingly fast around my targeting reticle or I spun around in a insane arc flipping my poor ship in a self made maestrom. I really do see the potential of this but First person is really bothersome, as my targeting reticle bounces through my cockpit and half the visuals wink in and out. Third person is hardly better as the amazing visuals turn to strobing light with the slightest movement. When I tried controller support the controller is better but I still felt my best option was to just keep my finger on the trigger and move my reticle in the general area of the foe hoping something would connect in the frantic spinning we were both doing."
76561198025008983,Not Recommended,396750,33245018,Posted: 4 July,all,Scorba,"DOES NOT WORK WITH Oculus Touch.Requires xbox controller.Which I don't get - since the touch controllers are basically an xbox controller split in half + location tracking, etc.  Seems like a no-brainer to just support the sticks, triggers, buttons.The only reason this is a negative review is that I could not get it to work.  Bummer."
,Not Recommended,396750,32244199,Posted: 7 June,all,Raw Kryptonite,"Bought this and played for just under 2 hours, for the refund I felt I needed to get. Enough to get a feel for the gameplay I think. While it was initially fun, the game didn't feel like it had any depth or anywhere to go. Like FTL, you have a ship, work an area within a timer before the enemy catches you and ends your game. Move on before they come, gathering loot for upgrades. Unlike FTL, it doesn't have the command experience or boarding action to deal with. You're more like a space garbage man, going around picking up trash, but always moving on to the next block, never going backwards. Even with ship upgrades, bigger ships, the game stays the same. Still on your trash route. Good looking game, but not something to buy at full price or even on sale unless it's so cheap that it's worth it for a single night of gaming. Steam refunded without issue due to being a few days of ownership and under 2 hrs game time. I did consult some gameplay videos first to confirm that the game doesn't develop into something more later on, but it seems that it stays the same."
76561197998710555,Recommended,396750,25579997,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Skyleaf,"So as you can see I played a lot of the game compared to most current other reviewers. I do recommend the game, and you will have a good time with it already, but I believe this game has a lot more potential than is currently being drawn out.The game as is is fun and pretty bug free (I had very few clipping issues). If you like rogue likes and space shooters ala freelancer or even aquanox (yeah both old games to quote but not much new there), I would recommend you either invest in this game now to give the devs more funds, or wait for this game to release, as I am sure it will be an even better game by then, especially considering the devs are responding very actively to feedback."
,Recommended,396750,32068582,Posted: 30 May,all,Havoctus,Fun and challenging
,Not Recommended,396750,32755026,Posted: 24 June,all,julied611,"VR HTC VIVE - found this to be too blury for me to be interested.  Anything far ways in VR with current headsets never looks good.  So try to focus on games that are in your face for now.  I have strong VR legs and it made me feel sick.  I am not a huge fan of flight/space sims though, so take it all with a grain of salt.  Refunded."
76561197961312083,Not Recommended,396750,34090889,Posted: 7 August,all,.:|CM|:. Appollo,"i simply feel like im doing the same thing over and over , not getting anyplace, but the longer you play it , it slowly starts to move forward even if the monotony seems to stay the same, guess ill have to keep playing see if it goes anyplace. it atleast gives me something easy to do while i wait for freinds. cant really recommend it at this point but i see possibilitys."
76561198098438873,Recommended,396750,32952206,Posted: 28 June,all,wilburlandaverde,Fun to play. Looking forward to more content in later updates.
,Recommended,396750,32087709,Posted: 31 May,all,bwh0,"I run this game with HTC VIVE,but there's no sounds."
76561198050305404,Recommended,396750,25662192,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,-KS- Garrus Vakarian,"Just please, get this game. Not buying this game is a crime against humanity!"
76561197963919541,Recommended,396750,31998671,Posted: 27 May,all,JeQ,"Crashed 3 times at 3 different menus during my 24minutes test experience. Doesnt support flight stick. Without crashes i would have played this. I prefer you to test it yourself, if it works, i think its good. Reminds me of old wing commander games."
76561197970465924,Recommended,396750,29554720,Posted: 28 January,all,Core2029,"Great graphics, and very ""arcadey"" play style.  It's not my thing at all as it feels quite shallow and empty but it does exactly what they describe so thumbs up.Feels like I should be putting quarters in it after every 3 deaths."
,Recommended,396750,34453993,Posted: 23 August,all,ACE_BLACK,Nice dog fight system. I think this game will be better if add PVP mode.
,Recommended,396750,32952577,Posted: 28 June,all,SmallKoreanSeal™,This depends alot on what you like. Buy if you:Like challengeWant adventureHate short gamesWant a good storyLike futuristic themes
76561197994346819,Recommended,396750,31219318,Posted: 18 April,all,Lt. Fed Rat,"Game is fun as F, but i keep getting gangbanged by a group of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s i know not of. 10/10 would do it agian"
76561197967842078,Recommended,396750,35189047,Posted: 24 September,all,Beetlejuice,Who me?  Yup.  I played about 270 hours.  Probably played about 5200 hours.  9 hours.
,Recommended,396750,32721938,Posted: 24 June,all,Wolfgrin,"One of the best games coming out this year so far, fun and fast. Only thing it miss are a coop option, had been fun playing this with friends."
76561198085516391,Recommended,396750,34160215,Posted: 10 August,all,IcePhoenix221,"0.6 hours in.  I could definitely get into this game, but custom button/axis mapping for gamepad is needed.The steam discussion page says HOTAS/joystick support is on the way, so I'm holding out before neg. reviewing or refunding.Voting up for now due to lack of neutral button."
76561197966236439,Recommended,396750,31961571,Posted: 25 May,all,Bam Bam In Ur Face,"Great Game, Worth Money & Time!"
76561198358442784,Recommended,396750,35057946,Posted: 18 September,all,Asuka,Good
,Recommended,396750,33747901,Posted: 23 July,all,QueenWhiff/Qwhiff,This was extremely difficult with the Steam controller. I couldn't figure it out but I'm betting it's a sweet game for some folks.
,Recommended,396750,31540876,Posted: 4 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,"EVERSPACE is in early access.It's one of the VERY FEW,early access games I will recommned.Pros:Space simPVE CombatCollision detection is VERY VERY accurateVarious weapons and ship systems to equipGraphics are awesome!Unique Crafting SystemMining or resource collectingFirst person or third person viewsCons:NONE       **will be updated after actual release**OVERALL:9/10There's loads of stuff to keep you busy and having fun.Keep in mind not to blow up G&B! Or bump mining drones.This may make your game a tad bit tough. LOL!"
,Recommended,396750,34540845,Posted: 27 August,all,Scrubie,"So far, a 1 of a kind experience that I enjoy thoroughly!"
,Recommended,396750,34612867,Posted: 30 August,all,Reza Qin,"Got to Sector 3 after 3 deaths, immediately died to a black hole."
,Recommended,396750,25580879,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,George Foreman Grill,"when you accidently call the police to your house, then this game is only in a 1.8 gb file.pros- great graphics- refreasing premise- open world(ish)- rogue like, but not to a frustrating point- challedging- non-linearcons- the flying is♥♥♥♥♥♥ its really hard to get use to. its like how watch dogs did driving its so weird but you can get use to it. just copy war thunder, they do it right- its a collecting game, gets kinda dry. there are some things like helping out some guys or delivering stuff but there should be more things like that."
,Recommended,396750,31961544,Posted: 25 May,all,ABCp0i,FTL in action
76561198003552620,Not Recommended,396750,29075014,Posted: 6 January,all,[PoE] confrication,"Nothing about this is particularly engaging, it's just ""there"".  There's maybe about a dozen hours or so play time in this while you work out if it will ever get any better or if it will ever play any differently than it did on your first run.  It's just too empty and too dependent on random generation of loot - exploration and traversal of the maps is endless and dull, combat often boils down weightless turrets circle strafing each other until someone runs out of energy or shields, and there's as yet no real story progression in it I can find.  At the end of it I'm simply left feeling that the only actual gameplay flow is in deciding how tedious and longwinded you want to make a session for yourself."
76561197971609984,Not Recommended,396750,33138997,Posted: 2 July,all,Chilly,"I had high hopes for this game, but unfortunatly it disappoints in many areas.- First is that the introduction to the game and its controls are poor at best. You have to google to get info on the most simple stuff such as boost.- Second thing, you only have a single save and and when you die you end up at station only to be able to be thrown out into the fray agin which just got you killed. You would want to go somewhere else because it was too hard, no?Then we have my personal preferences such as there are no HUD to make it easy to get where your opponents, targets and resources are... everything is on screen which in my oppionion makes it so hard to navigate.So in short -  this game is just a bad shooter, I hoped for something like Freelancer but got nothing like it..."
76561198045701544,Recommended,396750,26216071,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,蕾姆,Chinese plz
76561198113841304,Not Recommended,396750,33293778,Posted: 5 July,all,♆FlamingNinja♆ (시야),"Fighting got boring quick, that one mining company's defence ships send a fleet of ships to fight you if you bop one of their stuff. Also the outlaws do way too much damage. gets boring quick"
,Not Recommended,396750,32331918,Posted: 10 June,all,Hellfire64,"I really wanted to enjoy this one, the roguelike setup certainly makes for an interesting take on the space combat genre, and its look, presentation and everything else about it is incredibly well done.Which is why the control scheme not clicking with me at all feels like such a shame.I really wanted to like the game, but to me the control scheme just felt wrong. Whilst the game isn't a simulation, the fact the player must continually hold down a key/gamepad button to move forward makes combat feel incredibly uncomfortable to me.Even with a gamepad (a DualShock 4 in my case), the lack of button rebinding meant I couldn't get a set up which felt natural to me, and ultimately, after a good hour or so put into the game, I found myself fighting the controls, more than fighting Outlaws and other enemies.It's possible the controls may work better for you, than they did with me, but unless they are improved greatly, I don't think I can recommend this one, to my disappointment."
,Recommended,396750,25689095,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ankido,"After more time playing with this game here is what I have to say.  Hopefully, everyone that doesn't have it get a better understanding of what it really is.-Is this a space simulation?-No.  This is not Elite Dangerous.  You don't travel the universe in search of systems and planets.  This is a rogue like space shooter.  Better yet, an arcade style space shooter.-Will there be landing on planets?-No.  Why would there be?  It's an arcade shooter.  Space combat at it's finest.  Very fast pace.-This game is too hard.  I keep dying.-That's the idea.  You try to make it as far as you can before you die.  Dying is normal and the best of us die all the time.-Will I lose my stuff?-Yes and No.  When you first start off, you lose all your stuff.  You can upgrade your ships component and get retrieval.  Put's a mark on the map where you last died and you can get your stuff back.  Depends on how much of an upgrade you have to get all your stuff back.-What about the money I make?-Money you don't get to keep.  Once you die, you are taken to the hangar.  You ""MUST"" use all your money for upgrades before you leave.  Once you leave, the money is gone.  There's an upgrade you can do that let's you keep some of your money.  The more you upgrade that part, the more money you get to keep.-Are there a lot of ships?-At the moment, I haven't been able to upgrade my ship.  I'm enjoying flying around, killing things and slowly upgrading my parts.  How many and what type of ships will there be, no clue.  The game is early access.  It's a new born.  I can only imagine at adult hood how this game will be.-Do you recommend I buy this game?-Well, for the price I think it's a bit steep if you ask me.  For an arcade style game should be around $19.99.  Is it worth the money?  Hell yes!  If you have the money, buy it.-What about joystick or HOTAS support-Not a space simulation.  The maneuverability of the ship gives you the freedom for massive dog fights and being able to stop on a dime, turn your ship around and blast forward.  Those are the kind of stuff you see in Elite Dangerous promo videos but never happens in the game.  In Everspace it happens.  Using joystick and HOTAS would cripple you.  The game is best played on a keyboard+mouse or Controller.  Trust me, you don't want joystick or HOTAS for this.-What do you rank this game from 1-10-Since it's only early access......9.  The game is flawless right from the start.  I have no complaints that would discourage anyone from buying.-Which game do you compare this to?-Rebel Galaxy.  One of my favorite Rogue like space shooter.  Honestly, I kinda wish Rebel Galaxy was like this.-Is there a story mode like Rebel Galaxy?-Not that I know of but I'm sure there will be in the final product.  If there is, I wouldn't want to play it now.  I'd want to wait until the game is complete.  More exciting that way.-How are the devs?-Very helpful and listen to the community.  Bugs get smashed as you can see in the updates section.[Any questions, please feel free to ask]"
76561197981596252,Not Recommended,396750,32355918,Posted: 11 June,all,Zenthar,"The game is fun and has quite a bit of potential, however the technical side of the game needs significant work especially in it's so-called VR support.  Technically the VR integration is there and it ""works,"" however a list of bugs the size of a dictionary and several oversights make it completely unplayable in VR.  A game that requires you to ""disable all audio device drivers that aren't your primary audio in order to work propperly"" is one that needs to back to the development table before releasing.As a 2D game though (if you're willing to get the audio to work) the game can be quite fun at times and has quite stunning visuals to look at.  Several times just flying around the asteroid fields weaving in and out of rocks can be fun in and of itself when nothing is trying to blast you out of the sky.  The blueprint system and wide selection of weapons also keeps a constant feel of progression even after failing a run (which happens a lot).Overall I like this game but can't quite recommend it yet until it gets into a far more finished state."
76561198071460849,Recommended,396750,32066299,Posted: 30 May,all,[RG]PrinceRising,Well worth the buy
76561197990197933,Recommended,396750,30509290,Posted: 14 March,all,StInG,Great game !
76561198000805145,Not Recommended,396750,32397180,Posted: 13 June,all,Baboulinet,"Not balanced at all, you can get rekt right after the first jump gate, because of ♥♥♥♥ing rng placing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of ennemies right after you jump....Also the piloting is bad, and makes no sense at allThought it would've been fixer by the release but it's clearly not"
,Recommended,396750,25504008,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Lesath,"Well, the game is pretty decent, but right now, it doesn't worth the full price. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,396750,25597051,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,yo,yo this game is tight yo
,Recommended,396750,34416662,Posted: 22 August,all,LordAstaroth,"Nice game mechanic, a dark souls in space!!!"
,Recommended,396750,25503215,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Acid Rain,Everspace is a great game. Everspace has very shiny graphics an not hardware intensive never had a problem playing this gem while also the combat is both fast an intense. Though I was hoping the game would be $20 or $25 but hey a couple extra dollars isn't so bad to purchase this game plus it's better then No Mans Sky.
,Recommended,396750,25571386,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Codeman-7-,"Better than NMS in all aspects, Price, Graphics, Gameplay, and Content (Even considering the fact that there's tons of stuff supposively missing from this game)Quite excited to see what this game becomes."
76561198066435824,Recommended,396750,30288369,Posted: 2 March,all,Shoyugun,THIS GAME KICKED THE SH!T OUT OF STAR CONFLICT.BUY IT
,Recommended,396750,32942041,Posted: 28 June,all,ChaDumYen,Love space? Give it a try!
,Recommended,396750,34027767,Posted: 4 August,all,NightRover,smooth Rouge like experience
,Recommended,396750,34004830,Posted: 3 August,all,Goliathfox,"While (Playing game = True){I was like, ""Whoa!"" then ""CRAP, DODGE, DODGE!!"" PEW! PEW! PEW!KABLOOEY!!!}"
76561198022343050,Not Recommended,396750,31984190,Posted: 26 May,all,Harlock,"Changing my review due to combo of bad design and a bug. When I installed the new full release version it prompted to reset my save, deleting all of my data. Hit ""f"" for no ""r"" for yes. I hit F a bunch of times... nothing happens. I have a controller plugged in though so I go for that, figuring if I hit a key maybe it will change from keyboard mappings to controller... Hit X and my game is deleted... No second prompt, no copying the save to a tmp folder for easy recovery... just 50+ hours of gameplay gone. No help in the support forums either. This is a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to treat your customers.----I've done all the old space flight combat classics, good and bad, and have felt a pretty big void in the last few years as high glitz, high priced, low substance analogues have come out over the last few years (looking at you Elite Dangerous). This is the game I've been waiting for.Customization, enjoyable and realistic space flight (especially if your inertial dampener gets damaged), content, strategy, resource management, crafting, exploration... I cannot think of a single thing this game has done poorly. In pre-release it blew pretty much everything else recent in the genre completely out of the water... and that's not even factoring in the incredibly unique rogue-like mechanic that is the core of the gameplay.Rogue-likes usually have the negative that each run is completely unimpacted by your last one, giving everything a nihilistic ""so what"" feel and plenty of rage when you lose your 20-hour run. This game does it right. Each run gives you resources, blueprints, and ship colors (and when you get deeper in enhancements and relics) that can give you an edge next time. 30 or 40 runs in and I still find new structures and interesting systems, as well as enemies I haven't yet seen.The system for unlocking abilities, load-outs, buffs, and of course ships, is perfect for extending the fun of this game. I haven't come close to getting sick of it just because as soon as something is feeling stale a whole new play-style opens up.It's really great to just be able to pick up the game at the end of the day, choose a new play style to have some fun with, make some great and memorable game moments, and not even feel an ounce of regret when I get blasted into space-dust and slag.I live a busy and full life, I have little time for lousy games... this is certainly not one of those."
76561198348029265,Not Recommended,396750,32008373,Posted: 27 May,all,Justin_760,"Everspace is an arcade-like spaceship shooter game with ""rogue-like"" mechanics. It has procedural generated levels which boasts an ever changing universe, as no two sectors you visit will be the same. Sadly, the procedural mechanic sounds better on paper. And similar to No Mans Sky, despite having infinite possibilities, everything looks the same regardless. Its open and empty space so in its defense it is probably realistic to have far reaching swathes of nothingness. But that doesnt save it from sameyness and generally bland environments. Basically open space with asteroids, open space with floating space debris, or open space.Graphics and the detail are pretty good, but every single sector you visit always feels and plays the same. Each sector will have resources scattered such as containers or minerals/crystals to mine. Again, similar to No Mans Sky, the resource collection is not very fun, and its a simplistic and mundane gameplay loop. You just float there and hold the fire button to shoot down said resources, then collect them when done, rinse and repeat ad naseum. If the upgrades they were used for where actually exciting or neat it wouldnt be a problem, but ""crafting"" in this game is sadly shallow. Basically unseen upgrades that apply things like +10% shield damage, etc. And new weapons are basically a different colored laser beam that shoots out, and rarely do any feel different or unique. Lasers, projectile weapons, and missiles. Those three weapon types are the foundation of combat and again, its a real drag that they are all so similar, the only differentiation being the stats.The combat and gameplay is just OK. It feels very arcadey, which can be a plus or a minus depending. For me I did not enjoy it. I wanted that smooth and sexy space dog fighting that games like Star Wars Battlefront nailed. That wonderful feeling when your pulling barrel rolls and inversions, skillfully blasting away enemies, all the while it looks epic. The combat not only feels lackluster but also looks lackluster as well. Enemies gyrate and bounce around wildly, which leads to irritating struggles to keep your sights on them for even fleeting moments. In fact they are abnormally articulate and agile, which is frustrating because if YOU try to evade them during a fight, your almost certainly doomed. Retreat is not viable, as the poor AI has to be compensated via use of AI cheats like aimbot and movement speed handicaps. Every time I have tried to book it during a fight gone wrong, it is entirely useless and no matter how I maneuver they seem to be unphased by any of it. As mentioned this is especially frustrating since they can do the opposite, and are wildly flailing even during combat let alone evasive maneuvers.It also has a rogue-like difficulty and permadeath. In the sense that when you die all progress is lost, albeit some things carry over such as credits and blueprints. I love rogue-likes and permadeath, when done correctly, but with this game it only furthers its arcade feel. This aspect makes it feel like those oldy arcade space games where there was no saving and you simply play to see how far you can get. My final gripe is that the story and main plot are laughably bad. Yet ANOTHER amnesiac man versus the world dime a dozen story. Cant remember anything and is being hunted for unknown reasons. These cliche scifi space stories are so utterly generic and shallow, it is an insult that they would put so little work into the story. It makes for yet another trait that furthers the arcade feeling, but honestly I woud rather NO story than a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥one. It is dolled out every time you get to a new system, in the form of pictoral narration. Basically a few cartoon pictures are showed while the main character narrates a few lines of cringe worthy blabber. Its all terribly boring and uninteresting. In fact I have taken to skipping them altogether.This game was a dissapointment. I purchased this with the expectation that it would be a fun flying shooter game that could eat up an hour or so a day when I felt like smooth flying combat. Unfortunately the combat is just OK, its not especially bad but not real fun or engaging either. Its just ho hum, and considering its strong arcadeyness this is a major blow to the game. I dont know what could make this game better, and frankly I dont think its something patches/updates can change, so for now Ill be refunding this and will probably never hear of it again. Its release was relatively unspoken of and under the radar, not suprisingly, considering the quality. There were also almost no professional critic reviews of this game, which shows a lack of interest from the gaming community, as publications like IGN/gamespot tend to review even the obscure and unheard of games. Maybe a review could have saved me the irritation of waiting for the refund cash to go back on my card.6/10, definately not the worst spaceship shooter game, but FAR from the best. At $20 this game would probably be a viable option, otherwise your moneys best spent elsewhere."
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,396750,32011057,Posted: 27 May,all,Captain Camper,"The extremely simple dogfighting technique of strafing in circles while seeing who can pump out more damage with more accuracy onto each other is just too lame for me to stick with the game. You have way too much control over your ship, and the enemies have the same. You need a feeling of mass and physics when flying around, otherwise it feels like you're just moving a camera around with lasers attached to it."
76561197991792700,Not Recommended,396750,32984369,Posted: 29 June,all,jokastens,Very frustrating start. Finding nanobots for repairs is almost impossible. Be prepaired to die often.
,Not Recommended,396750,32968053,Posted: 28 June,all,SkellyMcSkeletor,"So,right of the bat this game was extremely fun...up until the point where I died once, and now the game wont let me play it again because it crashes everytime I hit continue...I cannot recommend this game until I can resolve this issueHowever, the music and gameplay is amazing"
,Not Recommended,396750,28775304,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,7heo,"I bought this game because one of my friends has it, but unfortunately did not write a review. And I didn't know what to think of it, after reading multiple reviews and watching several youtube videos.So I got it to try, and eventually write a review.If I am totally honest, I have to admit that I expected to be disappointed: I read a review saying that Everspace is, much like ""FTL"", a RNG (Random Number Generator) driven game more than a skills or decisions driven game. And very sincerely, that is where the game fails at its core. Sure, there are other problems and minor annoyances (see below), but it otherwise delivers what it advertises: A rogue like game in space, in 3D, with astonishing graphics.If you fail to see how using a RNG rather than the player to drive the game is a problem, then you are confusing video games and computer animated movies. Indeed, the point of a video game is interaction, which means that action isn't sufficient: actions should have consequences. And much like in FTL, the only thing the player can do here is run away, bail out from the current level, as soon as possible; or they will have to face a dire consequence: death, and the end of the run.The game is more about frenetic pointless fights than exploration and gathering, which are a key element of rogue likes.To some extent that I am sure I would enjoy the game exactly the same way if an AI would play it for me while I watch.Anyway, let's go on with the rest of the review:Pros:- UE4 (Astonishing particle and light effects)- Spaaaaaaace- PewpewpewCons:- RNG based progression (drastically limiting the reward-feeling upon success)- Terribad textures (and I'm playing in ""Epic"" settings)- Lack of joystick support (I couldn't try it but some other reviews pointed it out)- Utterly annoying music, really out of place.- Price twice the amount of the actual value.As a conclusion, playing this game feels extremely repetitive; doesn't much use success as an incentive for encouraging the player to persist, and therefore I cannot recommend it at its current price in its current state."
76561198041735038,Not Recommended,396750,32271523,Posted: 8 June,all,killak211,"I don't recommend this game.  There isn't much to it and for me it's broken.  After playing a few days off and on it broke and won't let me jump to the next waypoint.  I uninstalled it and then reinstalled it but that didn't work.  After asking for a refund, steam refuses.  Be careful what you buy from them."
76561198054171976,Not Recommended,396750,32747770,Posted: 24 June,all,Gloomshade,"Regretably, I am going to have to give this a thumbs down... at least for right now.  The game is fun, but I keep crashing to desktop due to the Win_64_Shipping error every 20 minutes which make the game practically unplayable.  I've tried updating my video drivers, installing C++ runtime patches, and dumbing down the graphic setting with no success.  I do NOT overclock my video card either.  Still what little I played was fun so I'll probablly give it another try in 4-6 months to see if they can work out the bugs."
76561198062157319,Recommended,396750,32063667,Posted: 30 May,all,Eriff,"i have no sound, it is annoying!!!!"
76561197987150555,Not Recommended,396750,35195101,Posted: 24 September,all,tomprogers,"Extremely frustrating, due to random save wipe bug.It's a very solid roguelike, but restart-on-death is a high price to pay when the game randomly decides to kill off a saved character, erasing the progress you made on that play-through.If this were a Early Access, it would be frustrating but understandable. But it looks like this is v1.1.3 or somesuch. So... how much would you pay for a game that will unpredictably terminate and erase your current playthrough?"
76561197970439682,Not Recommended,396750,34428666,Posted: 22 August,all,Ophidios,"It's a good-looking game, sure, but ultimately there's nothing about the gameplay that I find particularly engaging. I got it because of the VR support, and because I love space games.VR mode is not very good. All the menus and videos are presented like a flat panel in front of you, but they're terribly close and trying to navigate them with a mouse is complicated.Controls in flight are wonky to me. The game recommends you use a mouse and keyboard, but I could never find a sensitivity that seemed to work right. Either I spun too fast and overshot targets, or it was too weak and I took too long to turn. Using a gamepad isn't much better - I find that I spend more time strafing with the left stick to line myself up than I do using the right stick to fly.Then there's the gameplay - it's called a Roguelike, but I'm pretty sure people using this term have never actually played Rogue in the first place. It's more like a first-person, real-time FTL. You jump to a sector, do some randomly generated things, then jump to the next sector on a web-like map. There's crafting and upgrading, but truthfully, I couldn't get to really have any of that pay off, because (at least in VR mode), the wacky controls and crazy difficult combat just made it unfun to play.I haven't gone back to try it in non-VR mode yet, but I will at least give it that much. However, if you're buying for the VR support, I can't recommend it at all."
76561198126029789,Recommended,396750,33204347,Posted: 3 July,all,LaVerneson,"Its like darksouls, but in space.10/10 would die in the vacum of space again"
,Recommended,396750,32554030,Posted: 18 June,all,Raticide,I quite like it so far.
76561198005990272,Recommended,396750,32052704,Posted: 29 May,all,barrelboogie,Anyone giving this game a thumbs down should go back in time and relive the days of PONG!!!!THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!!!
76561198026350608,Recommended,396750,25573040,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Chatuba,Fodasticamente♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!
76561198089479274,Not Recommended,396750,35403321,Posted: 1 October,all,bonehall,visualy stunning  easy control. sh#t gameplay just repative cycle from destruction to hanger pity could be an awsome game
76561198052665462,Not Recommended,396750,32954060,Posted: 28 June,all,VReviews - KingPeuche,"VR REVIEW---I'd love to rate this game fairly, but I can't.I've owned the Vive for a year or so, and I've never really felt sick until this game. It was a pain in the buns to get this game to finally work on VR (the game hard a hard time tracking my location in the menu area). When I finally learned that the menu was the only part having difficulties, the game's controls just did not sit right with me. If you move the mouse slightly, the ship rotates in that direction indefinitely until you move the mouse in the opposite direction. This is a major issue for two reasons, the first of which being the formation of carple tunnel in my wrist, and the second being the insane unintuitiveness of the controls and how nausea-inducing it gets you.Also, the text is very hard to read, which I'm aware is a VR-only thing, but that doesn't excuse the fact that there was no real attempt to make the text readable given this handicap.This is a VR review only, by the way. I haven't played the game on my monitor, nor am I interested in that. If you are buying this for VR, wait for fixes.Before you hit ""No"" to finding this review helpful or not, take the KingPeuche challenge and go over to the reviews section of the store page, hit Ctrl+F and type in ""VR"", summarize the first five reviews that have ""VR"" in them, and take down notes."
,Not Recommended,396750,32064588,Posted: 30 May,all,riachsoup,"Refunded as it wasn't what I expected. Some people will like it if they like repetitive roguelike games. I was expecting something different.There are a few different types of areas with pre-set loot/materials in each. The same enemies in each area. It is beautiful sometimes, but that's about it.It isn't necessarily bad, but I could see myself uninstalling after another hour, so I refunded.Doesn't feel complete. You are spending >£20 for a repeatable point-and-click that looks a bit nice sometimes."
,Not Recommended,396750,25955132,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Swordykins,"The game feels very bare bones at the moment and needs a lot of work to give it some depth. The hype of the game largely comes from the graphics (and they are beautiful) but there's not enough substance to back it up.I reallyreallywanted there to be some strategy, some tactics to use in order to min/max the game, however it just seemed to be a case of see something, shoot it, get the thing, move on. Unlike FTL (as it's been compared to), you don't really think about what your next move is and the result is it feels like an arcade shooter with just some bits taped on to the side.The combat doesn't really do it for me either. It feels very nice when you warp in and you can see two of the game's factions milling around, doing their thing. But when you get into the combat, it's just a case of flying in circles trying to get behind your target whilst they do the same, which means you're just forever having to pick up your mouse and slide it over your desk again and again trying to line up this silly crosshair on a little box. I guess people find this fulfilling but it's not for me.There are other problems in the game that I think stem from simply being unfinished. There's no way to tell when the death armada chasing you will catch up which means if you want to get the absolute most from the area, you're left to just guess how long it's safe to stay for. Easily fixed with a timer as I'm sure the devs will implement at a later stage.My overall feeling for the game is that it's just a bit hollow. It's not a bad game per se but it just lacks the glue that holds it all together. It needs a smoother ui, more interesting combat and some form of strategy to the beautiful madness that Everspace is. If you like eye candy. zooming around beautifully rendered areas in your spaceship and you think that's worth £23 then go ahead and buy this game but for the current price, I can't recommend this for strategy-minded people."
76561197985313032,Not Recommended,396750,25989187,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Jusanton,"Rather than a straight Yes/No for a recommendation, I wish I could choose ""Not Yet.""I enjoy the gameplay and visuals and have had a lot of fun with this game. As this is still in Early Access, however, the game crashes often, and doesn't do so gracefully. I've lost a cumulative 150,000 credits due to crashes wiping out all the progress I made during those runs.I am ready to recommend this game once the bugs have been ironed out, but in the meantime, the crashes are just too frustrating for me to do so. Wishlist it, and come back later."
76561198035660624,Not Recommended,396750,32377958,Posted: 12 June,all,Kaleraz,"This game is not VR Ready. I don't know who they had testing their controller support but it is terrible. Half the time the game is trying to get me to use the Keyboard with no mouse. It does not allow for an intuitive setup.  Joystick forward should be forward, but no it is up, for whetever reason it is up.. You can't change the controller settings so you have to play with the setup they give you. The aim is terrible whether you attach it to the center, joystick, or head. The ship is incapable of pitch and yaw unless you no longer want to turn left and right (meaning it is very difficult to change directions.) Instead they make it so you can strafe left and right, If you were going to switch any controls for pitch and yaw it should have been the strafe left and strafe right on the joystick that should apply accelaration and decceleration not an up and down motion.All and all the game would probably be enjoyable in VR if the ship was flyable. It should feel more like flying a plane and less like hovering rock.I also had a hard time reading most of the smaller text on the menus running on max graphics."
76561197995507660,Not Recommended,396750,32022396,Posted: 28 May,all,p00k,"Was hoping for more looting/crafting; doesn't really deserve the ""roguelike elements"" in its description.  Very much just a regular space combat sim.  If that's what you're looking for, great; if not, move along.There's 3 ships to choose from, all fighters, with varying shields vs hull.  There's a couple weapons/devices/consumables, but standard shooter fare - hitscan lasers, non-hitscan shotguns/machine guns/etc, doing varying shield vs hull damage.  Upgrades are pretty simplistic - more shield vs hull damage, lower spread, etc.  Sure there are resources to be collected for upgrades, but it feels very much an afterthought.  The perks for each new run are outright upgrades (more health/resources/etc), which simply means you're artificially handicapped on early runs.  And there's essentially a ""soft"" time limit for each map keeping you from fully exploring.Controls are also more like a 3D shooter, with forward/back/strafe/roll, as opposed to throttle controls (like the X series).   Makes you feel more like a guy in space than a spaceship.Could be fun if you're looking for an arcade shooter. Not for me though, refund requested (a little over 2hrs, hopefully steam will let it slide)."
,Not Recommended,396750,32054142,Posted: 29 May,all,KillerMcDead,"Picked it up to try the new VR implementation after sampling the old ""VR Support"" and unfortuately not much has changed. It used to be the game was unplayable in VR as most of the HUD wouldn't display. That problem has been fixed, but it still looks and runs like garbage in VR.Also I'm not sure if anyone else experienced this, but when I launch the game in VR a Steam window opens saying something to the effect of ""THIS GAME DOES NOT SUPPORT VR- Game will display on the monitor which might affect performance""Not exactly what I want to see when I just dropped $32 on a game plastering ""NOW WITH FULL VR SUPPORT"" all over the prduct page. Not a bad game, but if you're hopinh to play VR I'd reccommend House of the Dying Sun or Eve Valkyrie. This needs a lot more work."
,Not Recommended,396750,32209270,Posted: 5 June,all,brettzx,"Everspace looks great and has good controls for a gamepad (I like gamepad controls so I can play on my tv with a wireless XBOX360 controller) but I ended up refunding the game because I wasn't having fun playing it. I died repeatedly and quickly; I think my longest continuous run was less than 8 minutes. I felt no sense of progression in the 2 hours I played, and no attachment to the character (who is explained as a series of clones). To be fair, I never progressed out of the first Sector, so maybe the game might have become more interesting if I had invested more time, but unfortunately the game hadn't given me the desire to continue playing. Maybe Space Sims just aren’t my thing (although play footage always makes me want to try them) or maybe I need more of a storyline to draw me in. I’d say it’s not worth full price but might be worth buying on sale.On a positive note, the refund process was quick and easy, thanks Steam!"
76561198087843537,Recommended,396750,25503920,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ExodusYue,"Great view. Bad performance in Macbook Pro, looking forward to optimization."
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,396750,32001247,Posted: 27 May,all,Asses of Fire,"Would be a fantastic action roguelike if some of the runs didn't start you out literally 50 feet from 4-5 pirates that utterly wreck you in seconds.  I'm not kidding here!  Some runs will start you out like that where you almost no chance.  Other than that....it's not that bad.  I personally don't think its worth 30 bucks.  More like 20.  If you enjoy using a controller, the flight mechanics aren't that bad.  It's very much like an arcade shooter with somewhat randomized boards. The problem with alot of roguelikes or just procedurally generated content, is keeping it fresh after each run.  I don't believe Everspace accomplishes this because each board consists of shooting containers to get resources and occasionally shooting spawning pirates.After about an hour I was fairly bored and...mainly frustrated at the difficulty of starting a new game so close to several mobs.  I personally would wait for a sale or get it off another website."
,Recommended,396750,25581879,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BB-Pio,"Beautiful first spooter space shooter + RPG + permadeath + FTL-ish feel. Just try it already!Warning: No HOTAS support yet, still loads of fun."
76561197970833623,Not Recommended,396750,34026123,Posted: 4 August,all,brad.behm,"This game is just not fun. You never make much progress, just keep restarting from the beginning and doing the same grind over and over. I mean, there's technically an upgrade system, but you get immaterial bonuses for many hours of work. Periodically you get some luck and can make a little progress, then the random number generator kills you by putting a necessary object (like a jump suppressor) inside a blackhole. The game is pretty, although even the graphics get repetitive (it is space, after all)."
,Not Recommended,396750,32132420,Posted: 2 June,all,Nullzero,"No sir, I don't like it.There is little to no way to progress in this game unless you die repeatedly to ""level up"". To quickly explain: you gain money every time to do a ""run."" When you die, you keep the money. Then, before your next run, you spend the money on ship upgrades. Sounds fun! I'm all for upgrade paths and leveling up a character. But the repetition is just mind numbing.- Shoot space pirates- Get a bit of coin- Die, upgrade, repeat.The base combat does not feel interesting or deep enough to carry the required repetion. The loot you find to upgrade ship weapons feel a bit samey, and I never felt like the loot I found was interesting to use.Lastly, the resources/currency system is a total mess. Remember the currencies in the game ""FTL""? Scrap. Yup. Thats it. In this game? Probably close to a dozen with all the ammo types and other pick ups. This always leaves you wondering ""wait... do I need PLASMA to upgrade my guns? Or was it Crystal? Wait, no, thats for manufacturing missil...er... no wait. What.""Game looks great. Game plays pretty fun. But rogue-like repetition requires ROCK-SOLID gameplay. This game only has solid gameplay, that IMO, doesn't quite carry it to the finish line for fun."
76561198341402363,Not Recommended,396750,26453748,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,fidelis1983,"It feels a lot like the app Galaxy on Fire 2. The voice actor of the pilot even sounds like the same guy of the main protagonist. It's awfully repetetive and offers no real incentive i.e rewards to players. The visuals of space i.e the planets, stars and astaroids are very breath taking so this has a lot of potential but other than that this game is lacking in keeping the attention of the players. I played for just a litte over an hour 74 min to be exact. whilst I understand that this game is still developing I wish I could get a refund definitley not worth the $30 I payed for at least not at the stage that it's at."
,Recommended,396750,32402989,Posted: 13 June,all,Smokin38,Simply put........No one can hear you blow the R.A.P.E.  Whistle in the void of space.For me 10/10
76561198291018387,Recommended,396750,31296710,Posted: 22 April,all,BloodDragon Vanguard（StatTrak™）,非常好玩的一款Roguelike游戏，希望以后能有更多的剧情更多的玩法！不能破坏殖民战舰非常的让我不甘心！希望以后能有更多的战机以及武器可供游玩！
76561198054913098,Not Recommended,396750,33014437,Posted: 29 June,all,EvilEgg,"UnplayableIt works for a little bit, but as soon as you get into it it will crash to the desktop.All my drivers are updated, no windows updates available, tried running as admin ... same result, plays for a little while, crashes.I don't know if this is still in Alpha, but it feels like it."
76561197992886979,Not Recommended,396750,32330207,Posted: 10 June,all,Hub,"Played for a couple of days, but constantly locked up on my system. Had to use task manager to kill the process. Was using Steam VR and a microsoft controller."
76561198073064577,Recommended,396750,32234152,Posted: 7 June,all,Candalf the Waxy,meyah
,Recommended,396750,25501962,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,.weiv,great!
76561197993261172,Not Recommended,396750,32031358,Posted: 28 May,all,Entropy,"Really wanted to like this game but it is super repetitive. I wish the items were more fun to find, and the mining was less boring considering you spend more than half your time doing it."
76561198031241127,Not Recommended,396750,31987641,Posted: 26 May,all,Biggity08,"Its a good game.  However, CONTROLLER USERS BEWARE!  It does ""'full controller support' controller support"", quote unquote, guess what, its really pathetic support.  You better have a 3rd party program to customize controller bindings because this game will not help you.  The default controller bindings are so unintuitive you will spend your first 2 hours with this game trying to figure what the hell is going on.  I even tried it with M+K, still so weird.  Its like they tried to create their own system with no regard to the history of controller basics for such games.  Really, be prepared for a really jarring experience with this game, regardless of controller preference. I recommend this game for those who like to suffer motor sensory confusion.okay, i just thought of something that will explain how bad the flight controls are.... No Man's Sky had better flight controls.  They actually comprehended space flight better... wow..."
76561198007216063,Not Recommended,396750,32045241,Posted: 29 May,all,Peter B,Decent combat but very little content. Once you blasted a few enemies you've seen the game. It's very pretty though.
76561197975704386,Not Recommended,396750,32247868,Posted: 7 June,all,Calian1981,"You feel EVERSPACE is made by german engeneering. Techs and graphics are beautiful, handling is good and they don´t fuxx arround with gameplay. Charakter development is straight forward, you die, you loose. Better luck next time.BEWARE: This is not like Freelancer. It has nothing to do with its stunning atmosphere, story and deep meaningful story with all the love and details. . Dont even think about comparing this game to jewels like Freelancer. Seriously, you are about to explore nothing then a bunch of very obvious playgrounds with some nice little battles.It is a nice game, doing good for some short stress relief afterworks or some else, but nothing deep and atmospheric. Especially the music is not good, even they claim it for some kind of rock music. It is just like some regular sound, nothing special at all.For almost 30 bugs, not worh it. Maybe about 20 bugs worth. Not a penny more."
76561197974444130,Not Recommended,396750,32832404,Posted: 26 June,all,Sunny420,"Regret this purchase, even though it was on sale...Unfortunately, I played past the (IMO too short) 2 hour window and now I'm stuck with this.  I spent too much time giving it a chance trying to see what else the game had to offer beyond the first 10 minutes of play.  Suffice to say, nothing changes.Horrible, a waste of money.  I give it a 1 out of 5 stars only because the graphics (while playing) are pretty good (cinematics are low quality)."
,Not Recommended,396750,34111627,Posted: 8 August,all,Blue,Good graphic but the game crashes all the time.
76561198147972833,Recommended,396750,25502025,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,jeffriesiv,gud game
,Recommended,396750,31969515,Posted: 26 May,all,Bmorekareful,"Not really my thing.  The game is too arcadey.  No RPG elements, no saving, or trading.  The flying feels fluid & fun and it looks great,   I just need more depth."
76561198368754850,Not Recommended,396750,32188479,Posted: 4 June,all,ahmedsaeed1985,"I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR REAL SPACE SIMULATION & COMBAT PLAYERS, for the following reasons:1- No stations to land on. No resting or safew zones.2- You only mine what the game allows you even if you were inside a minable field3- Star map is not a star map, you can't visit a place twice, its like a forced waypoints in one direction & no Backwards.4- You can't stay in one place long, after 15 MIN system will send elite contenious forces to eliminate you.5- No real trading to make any profits6- You can't SAVE YOUR PROGRESS, once you die you start over with the money you could make in your last flying session. and you lose any upgrades you made in the space to your ship7- No reputation that could ever change by any mean. After 12 hours of playing, I could not find except 3 guilds, two of them are hostile.8- No missions to do. Only challenges to destroy the most enimies and stay alive.9- the places you jump in could be explored in 10 minutes thats is why they send fores to kick you out of the system quikly.10- YOU CAN""T SAVE MONEY to buy ships, Once you died you lose any weapons, devices you found earlyer, and you have to spend all the money you made in you last flying session to upgrade your ship in the hanger or you lose them ALL if you launced before spending them.* The game is a joke, I tried to ask STEAM for a refund after 3.8 Hours Playing that was really silly time. but due to more than two hours playing policy, they refused the refund.I played, Elite Dangerous, Star Citizen, Starpoint gemini 2, freelancer, X3 all parts, EVE online, and this was the worth game I had to pay to play ever."
76561198004461766,Not Recommended,396750,32403432,Posted: 13 June,all,Mr Noddles!,This is a rouge like RNG with pure mouse controls. Hey if you think that it's worth $30 bucks good on ya. Personally I do not get the great reviews this game has....
76561198216077343,Not Recommended,396750,33310892,Posted: 6 July,all,jonfletch,Spent 27 hours playing the game only to return and see that i have to start over from the begining. My save file is gone and i am not starting from the begining again.
,Not Recommended,396750,33644209,Posted: 18 July,all,TechMetrics,"I really wanted to like this game, but it's just too repetitive. I gave up after a couple hours."
76561198400685391,Not Recommended,396750,33831382,Posted: 27 July,all,Johan,"This is not a game for real VR, like Vive. More suitable for a mobile phone VR"
,Not Recommended,396750,33870079,Posted: 28 July,all,SikFly,"Controls: The agility of a VCR, the responsivness of a dead racoon rolling downhill,Fun: Hell no"
76561197988693883,Not Recommended,396750,33989506,Posted: 3 August,all,SchrodingersCat,"Terrible Experience with this game! Mouse and keyboard issues, always launches oculus even if just playing desktop version and audio is stuck in oculus (requires manual disconnect oculus every time),  Gets stuck with blackscreen, no keyboard and mouse with VR mode, juddery crosshair in vr mode.. for the little I played it was cool but too many issues to deal with at the moment."
76561198247677626,Not Recommended,396750,33863503,Posted: 28 July,all,tomlawn2000,"Controls are idiotic, I thought this was going to be a fun space shooter like house of the dying sun. Instead, I get a ship that has all the agility and responsiveness of a flying toaster. Very glad I didn't pay full price for this because I would have been super disappointed."
76561198054389960,Recommended,396750,25575935,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dan,.
62757368206469642,Not Recommended,396750,33160268,Posted: 2 July,all,Spooky Farooki,Rage quit this game after 2 hours. The audio in this game is obnoxious too.
76561197962352486,Not Recommended,396750,32627425,Posted: 21 June,all,Zagdul,"cannot start it anymore, telling me something like ""use the uncooked version instead"" - whatever that means..."
76561198271135969,Not Recommended,396750,31850348,Posted: 19 May,all,Phil,"I bought this game to test our the VR experience. Now, I know its in Beta as of this review, but its going to be fully release in less than  5 days. I figured the basic kinks were  worked out. Unfortunately, its impossible to launch this game using HTC Vive in VR. The display screen seems to be off center and zoomed in.There are not instructions on how to fix this bug."
,Not Recommended,396750,25640313,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,TataruAlexandru,"It toook me a while to get around the whole ""short missions"" style of gameplay but I now understand how the game plays and I like it. The only downside with this game is the fact that is poorly optimized. I get as low as 30 FPS on 4k Max Settings and I have a beast of a rig. I get more FPS on AC: Syndicate and that game looks 10 times better than this. Please developers work on making the game run smoother."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,396750,25552191,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews EverspaceUpdate Version: 0.1.3.28905Disclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer. I am not a backer of the Kickstarter and have not actually heard of the title until the recent Early Access release.Game Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBI6wt0a2YABack in August of 2015, Rockfish Games started their Kickstarter campaign for a little game called Everspace. In just little over a month, the campaign had met their funding goal and the project had successfully been funded. Now, a year later, the game finally takes off onto Early Access and decides to hit the warp drive head on with a very positive reception as of this writing. Mixing space based combat with the perilous inevitability of defeat has resulted in a tough, but fair rogue-lite that manages to set a good standard for after-death progression. It is certainly a beautiful title that captures the absolute wonder of space in a captivating way, but does it warrant the price of admission? On the surface, yes, but the issue of content really makes the overall recommendation debatable.While the meat of the content is with the progression and combat, I have to give a quick nod to the spectacular visual aesthetic. The environments are breathtaking from the random anomalies and station debris to the planet surfaces seen far off in the distance. Weapon fire looks incredible, texture quality for ships and star gates are spectacular, and the wide range of colors are a welcome change of pace. This is without a doubt the prettiest looking version of space out on the market today.Audio quality is a bit of a mixed bag, but absolutely shines in the sound effects department. The feedback provided from firing a simple laser to the inevitable thunks heard when taking hits directly to the hull add to an already atmospheric experience. Voice acting is not that bad either as the two main leads play off each other depending on certain actions taken in game. Music is, unfortunately, the weak link in the trifecta and feels out of place most of the time. I have gone whole sections of a sector without a single musical score, only to be greeted by some out of place drumming. It just feels out of place for the setting and comes out of nowhere after long periods of silence.Similar to Faster Than Light, the game is instanced off into multiple sections that are progressed by using jump gates. Each section contains random enemy encounters and material deposits that need to be mined for upgrade components. Traders, repair stations, and pirate facilities make up the bulk of the special encounters with the quests (only encountered three in 12 hours of play) rarely popping up. Interceptors are inevitably going to enter the system if the pilot spends too much time in a certain section, which makes it crucial to grab what is available and move out. This isn't much of an issue, however, as the zones generally feel sparsely populated and can be swept up quickly. Hopefully with continued updates this can be changed, but for the time being, the areas visited feel barren of activities and nothing has really stopped me from warping out of areas unless I absolutely need fuel.One aspect that can fix this problem is the inclusion of story elements, which at the moment is limited to a few conversations explaining the Okkar, the G&B Corporation and some random wrecks that can be scanned. If you are looking for a story at this point, it is best to hold off on purchasing. As of now, the only motivation to continuing is the need to ""reach the final destination."" As of this writing, I managed to powerhouse my way to Sector 6 with the use of a Beam II weapon.Combat takes the form of dog fights against different types of ships ranging from scouts to freighters. Several weapons are available at the moment with certain upgraded variants and added modifications. Everything from standard gatling, lasers and close range shrapnel guns as well as missiles, mines and webs. For the most part, everything is based off unguided fire and will take some getting use too, especially with the mouse acceleration causing some problems. It also doesn't help that the over all movement feels clunky to some degree and makes maneuvering at quick intervals somewhat disorienting. There are some weapon types that do have lock on capability (missiles, special energy weapons), but attacks can still miss based on the trajectory. There is also a cursor that can be toggled to highlight a target, which displays the shield and health bars of the ship being engaged. At times, combat can become overwhelming with the constant barrage of incoming fighters and routine frequency of each encounter. Given a little practice and some ship enhancements, the combat will become easier and rather enjoyable if the movement system and fatigue doesn't set in.A crafting system is in place and uses components gathered during a playthrough to upgrade ship systems. None of these upgrades carry over and neither do the components gathered, making it beneficial to just sell them at trading stations or installing mods. Once death inevitably claims the pilot, the game resets back to the hanger in Sector 1 and provides an opportunity to upgrade the ship. Every upgrade uses credits from the previous run and purchasing certain upgrades unlocks new options to choose from. Hull hit points, shield recharge rate, additional weapon slots, max velocity and nano-machine potency are just a sample of the choices. Some upgrades are segmented, ensuring positive ship progression can occur with lower credit amounts. All credits are wiped once the next run starts (unless the appropriate upgrade is purchased), but with the amount of upgrades to purchases I rarely left the hanger with anything more than 30 credits left. This system of progression has been done before in other rogue-lites, but it is an effect method to ensure proper enhancement.Technical issues have been a strange beast for this title. Frame rate has been consistent for the most part with the a minor frame hiccups here and there. Freezing has been an increasingly frustrating issue though and tends to randomly occur when hacking, warping, or just accelerating. These freezes only tend to happen when I reach Sector 3 or higher. Items also have a tendency to spawn inside solid formations (ship debris, asteroids with no holes) and are almost impossible to obtain. VR support was a different animal all together, toggling successfully once before the eye screens switched places and crashing. It happened three times before I decided to write off the option. Many quality of life issues need addressing as well, including a Field of View increase and possible velocity meters to show current speed.Everspace has a great baseline, but lacks a few key properties that make return service difficult. I am sure later on the inclusion of a story will fix the lack of motivation to press forward, but right now the limited amount of activities in sections makes gameplay rather shallow. Combat can drag on and be fatiguing after awhile, especially with the amount of ships being thrown at you in later sectors. This is a game that might be best played in chunks, especially with the FoV issue. I loved my time with this game, but at $30 it just seems too steep to properly recommend. I will be docking this ship for now and look forward to experiencing the story elements once I review this again at full release.Pros- Absolutely stunning visuals- Good sound design- Frantic, but enjoyable combat- Progression that feels impactfulCons- Lack of story- Movement is clunky- Quests are few and far between- Freezing in-game"
76561198090711744,Not Recommended,396750,25913587,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Canglam,"Fun game but gets old fast, it's a good idea to wait a while for the game to not be the same thing every time you play"
,Not Recommended,396750,33789112,Posted: 25 July,all,Kombat AllStar,"I saw all the positive reviews and bought the game because I thought this was gonna be AMAZING! Boy was I wrong. For the most part, the reviews are right about the graphics and all the cool stuff you can do in game, but where this game falls short is with the battle options and controls. Just comparing this to Star Wars Battlefront, this game could take some much-needed queues from it. For example, the controls aren't as tight as they need to be especially when the AI you're fighting seems to be super agile and can stop, turn, and dive on a dime. Also, it would be nice to have an evade button similar to SWB so if I'm in a jam or am running to an exit I can quickly barrel roll to avoid fire. SO just stuff like that. I guess I just feel like an underpowered freighter that's always running away instead of having EPIC dogfights. I do like the game but without more and or better weapons (like a heat seeking missile), and the other options I've mentioned I can't really recommend this game."
76561197973993427,Not Recommended,396750,32067578,Posted: 30 May,all,ParanoidEskimo,"Refunded because it was unplayable in VR which was the only reason I bought the game. Maybe this will be fixed in the future, but for now, don't buy if you plan on playing in VR."
76561197997562622,Recommended,396750,31944552,Posted: 24 May,all,Freakgod,Needs some multiplayer or Co-op
,Not Recommended,396750,31983934,Posted: 26 May,all,Crocodile done deal,It feels like an Iphone game with better graphics.Basically fly around space -> Die -> Upgrade ship preks -> Repeat.Gets boring extremely quickly.
76561198069541721,Not Recommended,396750,32079903,Posted: 31 May,all,Digiorno Unchained,"[Spoilers Ahead]I was really excited about the full release of this game. I put a ton of hours into the beta and I was really pumped for the story, new gameplay elements, new weapons ect. What I got was basically the exact same game. The zones are exactly the same. There is nothing major added to the game except for some cutscenes that give a lazy explanation as to why you are constantly following the same path through space. There are the same weapons, some unexciting enhancements/glyphs, same enemies, same natural hazards, same ship/pilot upgrades. In fact, the ending sequence is somehow worse than it was in the pre-release version. I loved having to snatch the energy cores from the outskirts of a black hole while the solar storms blaze in the background before vanishing into some unknown portal. Now instead we get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, boring, grey moon type thing that spawns more of the same enemies than normal. Oh and the best part is you have to get there like 3 different times to see the full end of the game. Your sister shows up for like 3 seconds before she is immediately killed for no reason at all. Characters are uninteresting, story is lazy, ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The only decent thing about this game is the space fighting but even that gets boring. Don't expect to be entertained for more than several hours."
,Not Recommended,396750,31984232,Posted: 26 May,all,Sabrewylf,"Decided to refund for one simple reason and that is the control scheme.In most flight sims and shooters I've played such as BF4 and Elite: Dangerous, you control acceleration and yaw (and thrusters in the case of E:D) with the keyboard and you control roll and pitch with the mouse.This is not the case in Everspace. You fully control the ship with the keyboard and the mouse guides the weapon reticle. To me, this feels very unnatural. If your experience with flight games is similar to mine, be warned. I'm sure this game is alright, but this aspect is enough to turn me away."
,Not Recommended,396750,32051399,Posted: 29 May,all,bigbadvoodoodady_1,"Pros:It's a space Sci Fi shooterLooks niceCons:Clunky mechanics and ship handlingRemember Everquest... going from Zone to Zone (yup you go from zone to zone)Not open universe, closed-in feeling at bestFeels like something I'd play on my iPhone"
76561198074521123,Not Recommended,396750,26067512,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ramunas.sun,"Yes I know this is just early release, but Its just not the game I was expecting. Maybe it is good for those who just fly to shoot/kill, but not for me. There is no home base, You just appear from nowhere so there is nowhere to return for resupply, upgrade percs etc. You can repair if You have collected enough resources, or go shopping if You find some NPC merchants, which is not quiet often for now. If you don't find any sellers around in the space then only way to spend Your collected money is to die and to be sent back to beginning, and when you leave you prime base all unspent money just disappear (WTF).Its nothing like ""Freelancer"" its just FPS in 3D space."
76561198031535125,Not Recommended,396750,32004122,Posted: 27 May,all,adder_inf,The lack of control in flying makes this an annoying game.  You have to be willing to chase things all over the screen instead of flying around and fighting.
,Not Recommended,396750,31584744,Posted: 6 May,all,Brummbrummquietsch,"Is this a bad joke or what? Is this even a game?The bad:- First of all, you can't even reconfigure the controls. Are you serious? What were you thinking? I don't care if this is Early Access, an option to reconfigure controls is rudimentary. It's like selling a car where the steering wheel has been forgotten.- Shooting and fighting is no fun at all. Aiming and flying is like aiming with a broken broomstick in a bathtube filled with honey, in high expectations of hitting enemies who maneuvre quick and agile like flies. Ever played a good game with six axes of freedom? Yes, you did, and it's called Descent 1 and 2, the only games who nailed it.- You're being constantly attacked by a few minor enemies which completely obliterate you. Then you restart the game. What is the point? And they even mentioned some kind of story?- Because of this it's absolutely no fun to explore the vast boring ""levels"".The good:- I could refund the game.- Menus were really tidied up.- The graphics are great, even on lowest setting.- Sound ist superb!- I did like the simplicity of the HUD."
,Recommended,396750,32433620,Posted: 15 June,all,Muh macht die Kuh 👍,"I was having fun, had just reached the second sector and was really looking forward to win this round. Then the game crashed, I reloaded and the game crashed again. Feeling disappointed I looked to the forums for advice. There a helpful guy recommended ice cream. Ice cream would both cool my machine and grease it up so it would run better. I scooped plenty of ice rcream into my computer and now it won't start.I feel like an idiot, it's just like when I followed this youtube video and drilled a hole into my iPhone 7 so I could plug in my headphones.Game is fun, people on the internet aren't"
,Not Recommended,396750,34743326,Posted: 4 September,all,Sirius,"No HOTAS support ? WTH ? What is this ?Bought it, tried for few minutes, uninstalled and requesting for refund."
76561198049171274,Not Recommended,396750,31987669,Posted: 26 May,all,neamerjell,Yet another really good looking but ultimately pointless grinder game.
,Not Recommended,396750,34318294,Posted: 17 August,all,DoktorWyzzerd,"This game is AWFUL in VR . Flight model is TERRIBLE, The mouse cursor doesnt even work. Seriously. Its supposed to have HOTAS support now but damned if I can set it up because it wont detect my stick axis and the cursor jumps around like crazy. The flight model makes me think the devs have never played a flight based game before, its just off. But yeah its a rougelike so if that phrase makes you horny then go for it."
76561198065827137,Recommended,396750,25502758,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Gameplay,"100X better then No Man's Sky, enough said."
76561197970931393,Not Recommended,396750,32735429,Posted: 24 June,all,pallakvegas,"So... why would a modern pc flight combat sim of any kind NOT HAVE HOTAS SUPPORT???I have a T16000m HOTAS, and the game wont even recognize both controllers so i can make a T.A.R.G.E.T. profile using the mouse/keyboard controls. It only recognizes the throttle and not the joystick.I undertand that programming for like 4 or more major brands of HOTAS is difficult, but... this is a flight sim. Seriously.This game seems ok, but mouse/keyboard and 360 controller just don't do it for me. If you are going to make a game like this, support HOTAS. I hope the developers add the support; I would certainly give a thumbs up if they did."
76561198137323689,Not Recommended,396750,25728418,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,S-Daddy,Very disapointing. not much of a game.
76561197971340007,Not Recommended,396750,25672495,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Akku71,30 runs. almost never reached sector 2. You zone in 3 otkar or how ever they are spelled and your smoke.When you start shooting you have almost no chance to see where you shoot.
,Not Recommended,396750,26534505,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ysu,"It maybe a good game but it freezes up for a few seconds once or twice a minute.It's not playable like this, sadly."
,Not Recommended,396750,33018163,Posted: 29 June,all,Toeman89,the flight controls are garbage. and the VR mode isn't great.
76561198031693309,Not Recommended,396750,30648573,Posted: 21 March,all,Cicuta,"Very fun and promising spacefighting roguelike!Polished UI, graphics, mechanics...but not ready yet for that price imho. Content is repetitive and feels lacking  already 1h in, and its what got me to issue a refund.10$ - 9/10 sign me up!30$ - 5/10."
,Not Recommended,396750,32986344,Posted: 29 June,all,Jong Snow | The Kim in The North,"it's good but I had to refund it, I purchased this thinking it was galaxy on fire 2 where you can trade, travel to and from different sectors/galaxy/system and spend your time just wandering around the sector you visit, after killing the enemy ships around it, without having to worry about another wave of enemy ships and big♥♥♥♥♥motherships spawning behind your♥♥♥♥♥relentlessly hunting you down till they blow you to bits. I'll purchase this game again IF they add the features of galaxy on fire 2."
76561197964102094,Not Recommended,396750,32167278,Posted: 3 June,all,Suicide_Boy,Either sound or control in VR mode.  If I could have both it might be awesome.
76561197960331259,Not Recommended,396750,32024578,Posted: 28 May,all,Bonzo,No mouse/keyboard support in VR plus frequent crashes.Refunded it.
,Not Recommended,396750,31987142,Posted: 26 May,all,Apollo,"So for starters I am a huge space game fan I buy them all the time, throw in some VR and i'm buying it no matter what. While i'm very sure I will get a lot of flak for this I didn't enjoy this game. Mostly because I can't continue moving in my game and I never leave the ship. If you enjoy a game where you are stuck in a cockpit the whole time moving from area to area shooting things until you die and then upgrade a few things and then restart the game then by all means you will really enjoy this game but for me it just wasn't worth it. The graphics are beautiful and you really feel like you are flying through space which was awesome, just don't really enjoy the amount of content and type of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,396750,32076059,Posted: 30 May,all,burito,"What can I say? Another badly made game. Has trouble switching resolutions and the mouse clicking on menus. Loads up the Oculus SDK regardless of if you're running it in Oculus mode, and when that loads it takes display away from the game, so unless you 3-finger salute to switch to the Oculus runtime, it will just look like a black screen.After its very poor Windows behaviour, you're left with a very pretty, but ultimately thin space combat game. There is a lot of very poor choices about where to place buttons. Performance is quite low given the standard of graphics. The AI is... there's no AI.It is right in the middle of open-world, rogue-like, and mission based, without actually doing any of those things."
76561198224733352,Not Recommended,396750,32003081,Posted: 27 May,all,thefrozencity,"Good Game but, Not Ready for VR(Review for VR)Pros- Game itself is quite goodCons- Control is not very good with gamepad- Bad Performance- Some UI messages are not visible on VR- Motion SicknessOverall - 6 / 10 : Not So Good, Not So Bad (VR mode)"
76561198125859366,Not Recommended,396750,25590152,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,galinskyy,"i think a lot of the reviews here are mainly fanboyism... the game is okay... with that in mind i was absolutely bored after an hour... before you buy this just realize that you probably have 15 titles just like this in your library already.. you will play them, get bored quickly and never play them again... refund button works tho!"
76561198061441870,Not Recommended,396750,32093055,Posted: 31 May,all,Concentration,"This game doesn't feel like a complete game, so much things that could be better they should have worked more on the before they release it."
76561197972196802,Not Recommended,396750,31979974,Posted: 26 May,all,Visionary,This review is for VR. You can use mouse and keyboard controls for regular gameplay but the VR mode for this game requires the use of a gamepad.
76561198130248982,Not Recommended,396750,30751894,Posted: 26 March,all,treyleaven,game doesnt work
76561197965107126,Not Recommended,396750,32687880,Posted: 23 June,all,Edyconex,Could not get past the start menu. No controllers worked.
76561197993532154,Not Recommended,396750,28678991,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,§µÇk ï┬,"I haven't been able to play.  Game hangs at load.  Every single time.  There's a help section about the million things I can try (which I did) but it still doesn't work.  I'm sure people can say ""It's your computer"" but all my other games work.  It's not my computer."
,Not Recommended,396750,25555348,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,BIBORAN,"Becomes super annoying after 3 - 4 hrs, so better play with trainer and admire beutifull graphics."
76561198026946492,Not Recommended,396750,25919299,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sidewinder,"Looks good, and that's about it.  Boring rinse and repeat gameplay.  WAY WAY WAY over priced  Your gun can mine and shoot ships somehow?  FTL is a much better game .  Wait till it's about $10."
,Not Recommended,396750,32965282,Posted: 28 June,all,gothicwigga,"Looks pretty but ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to see item/location markers due to the genius design choice to make them blue whilst nearly all ingame backgrounds are the same colour. Nice one, refunded"
76561198097936657,Not Recommended,396750,29611729,Posted: 31 January,all,Lockey813,"If you are thinking about getting the game, I would wait for a sale.  I don't feel its worth $29 (full price) and if there was a refund button, I would have clicked it.*The game seems more in line with the phone and tablet arcade space games*You die and have to get credits, I upgraded my ship but still die and have no idea how to get a better ship*Seems very repetative"
76561198006825606,Not Recommended,396750,30742527,Posted: 25 March,all,Murgatroyd,"Not worth the money I spent. The difficulty does NOT match the easy/norm/hard settings you select. I continually get crapped on by random spawns of elite enemies, up to and including 3 corvettes (including an elite) that cosntantly spawn shield heal drones. There was NOTHING I could do. Couldn't even run away. I definitely wasted 23 bucks on what seemed to be a promising game."
76561197970513755,Not Recommended,396750,29548823,Posted: 28 January,all,Tantrumus,Going to give a thumbs down just on the price of admission $30 is almost AAA price.   This game has about 15-20m game time on average with no real content whatsoever.Is it fun?  Yes it was fun enough to keep me playing enough just because i'm a sucker for progression/levelling things.   And that's the thing with this game you are extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥poor powered to start and where you think you are getting better at the game it's just your ship that you built up slowly lasts a little longer.   Until I realized I'm being led by the nose with nothing to do really.If this would have been the A-typical $14.99 EA title I'd have given a thumbs up.
76561198090964064,Not Recommended,396750,25609285,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Didds,"As a Mac player I cannot recommend this game, its far from optimised for OSX at this stage.Heres a short list of the main problems at the time of the review:- If you are using a Macbook Pro it wont let you change screen resolution past 1280x800- Even if you can run the game at max graphics (like I do) you will encounter severe sound distortion that you can only be solved by reverting the game to Medium settings- Theres no mouse sensitivity options forcing the player to mess around with OSX mouse options just to make it barely playable- Controls are far from optimised for Mac, for instance you cant play it with a Magic Mouse since mid click is a must- On OSX the framerate severely drops during combat sequences, the same wont happen on PC or using BootcampMany if not almost all of the problems listed above can be solved running the game under Bootcamp, but thats something most Mac users are not willing to do. Its a shame having to give a bad review to this game, but Mac user should be warned of its limitation at this point; if this problems get resolved I would shurely love to get back into the game and give it another go."
,Not Recommended,396750,25584495,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Grampus,"Nice to look at, but not  fun to play. Might appeal to some, but the strange controls were really off putting."
76561197991465949,Recommended,396750,31966171,Posted: 25 May,all,Gagarin,Space always beautifull :)
,Not Recommended,396750,31582436,Posted: 6 May,all,UNIT28,"prelude to the game ""elite dangerous"" with awkward control of spaceship"
,Not Recommended,396750,28383192,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Anodyne,"Core gameplay feels cheap and unrewarding. Lacks the personality of a space game giving little immersion.Its a collection of some half decent parts but ultimately boring.:1/10Early access or not I dont see the core of this game getting 'fixed' like a bug or balance issue.NOTE: Anyone saying this is like freelancer should take one for the team. Ill say something nice at your funeral.Love it or hate it this is not even remotely comparible to freelancer. In any way except ""is in space"".Freelancer ref are horribly misleading to say the least."
76561197964165987,Not Recommended,396750,28237246,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,joschi,"I am not convinced about the concept/price... The grafics really look good. The sound is ok at this point. They got the controlls right. But it somehow feels that there is not much substance to this game, the the pricing does just not feel appropriate for the game. Maybe for 15€-20€ it would be a good price.+At first i was not convinced but i got into the controlls rly quickly+Visuals are good+PerkSystem adds some motivation+Storry+- Sound Effects are ok but not stunning+- Voice acting could be a bit better- It often feels extremly unfair when you die- doing the same thingsagain will get old prety fastKeep in mind that i wrote this review after just 1 hoer of playtime.I will see the next days if i pick it up again or return it.So right now i WOULD recommend this game for a price tag of €17 but as the current pricetag i cant recommend it. If you are a fan of grinding and space you can buy it without a doubt."
76561198170375239,Not Recommended,396750,29528629,Posted: 27 January,all,gerryarivard,"First I want to say you (so far ) you have a fun,different and chanlenging game. But after I worked so long and hard to find different materials (like for eg.)crafting a new & better weapon,it seems to me you created the game to ""take away""my newly created weapon after (let's say) I die again !!! IF you purposely designed the game to take away all our hard-work crafting our weapons all I have to say this certainly makes the game no longer fun worth playing to better your self & thus makes me unhappy enough to stop playing it. So please take this in consideration to not always take-away everything we find,complete & craft (i.e. every time we die) and fix the problem."
76561198001874639,Not Recommended,396750,34526696,Posted: 27 August,all,Werwolf,Super boring.you try to make your way to the goal and when you die you get resetted. the only thing you keep are some experience points for minimal upgrades.
76561197974471621,Not Recommended,396750,32277672,Posted: 8 June,all,Impostor_bunny,Lame! Waste of money.
76561198188848526,Not Recommended,396750,28742189,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BenjaminBluntin,"I just finished the tutorial, and was very disapointed by the flying mechanics! No physics are present in this game what-so-ever. There is no feeling of movement or velocitation in space, where you wouldn't loose momentum unless you revese direction. I hope that the developers address this soon or I will be returning..."
76561197992988822,Not Recommended,396750,31979165,Posted: 26 May,all,plooschack,"It's kind of an odd feeling when you have to put a ""bad"" review for  game that is not actually bad. It was just badly advertised and while you received decent product, it's not a product you wantd or was promised. ""Everspace' does things from ""Outsatnding!"" (graphics) to ""OK"" (combat) with tiny exception of music (which is ""Turn it off!""). But it was suppsoed to be rougelike (or at least has roguelike elements). And if I die and am asked to improve my ship, get persk.... it's WTF?! ""Roguelike"" must have really degraded these days if this is suppsoed to be it. Someone on the forum sum it nicely by saying ""It's not rogue-like, it is rogue-lite"". But rogue-lite is not what I was signing for...***Thanks for those who pointed out the typo. Review was edited accordingly, hopefully none slipped through."
,Not Recommended,396750,25543723,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,spiritofthefalcon,"I personally could not recommend this game. It's alright and I can see the appeal for some, but it just isn't what I look for in a space combat game. Nothing seemse quite right and it's very bothersome. Movement is weird, almost like a FPS with a third axis of movement rather than actually flying through space. The game seems to start of with a death grind, where you have to blow up constantly to spend your credits, slowly improving your ship. There's very little upgrading or crafting that seems innovative or compelling. After ten minutes the combat already felt boring while still being frustrating.Again, the controls might appeal to you, and if they do it's very likely you'll enjoy the game. Think FTL in 3D. It's very pretty and visually pleasing which is what got me to buy the game in the first place, however there just isn't enough to the game at the moment."
,Not Recommended,396750,25549221,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ajwme,A bit too repetitive and grindy for me.Dosent have the ethos or variety of FTL - still an early relaese so it  may be too early to judge. Also you can buy permenant upgrades before a game meaning that the only way you can get gud is to die.
,Not Recommended,396750,32978585,Posted: 29 June,all,Spacey,kinda boring
76561197999982103,Not Recommended,396750,32236459,Posted: 7 June,all,Warlander,"Good looking game, terrible game play, who wants to die just to progress ? sucks all the fun out, instant refund."
76561197960697930,Not Recommended,396750,25556016,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,nicknub,Weak controls - dogfighting was no fun. Also won't recognize my controller. Maybe it will get better?
76561198347886181,Not Recommended,396750,31983533,Posted: 26 May,all,szzagojski,controls are horrible cant fly straifght turn freezez i have top of the line pc and still having problems the game looks decent i would keep it if it only had better flying controls  eve valkyrie is way better if controls were like that i would keep
76561198033487878,Not Recommended,396750,25539649,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,WithFieryTruth,"A very promising game brought down by very awkward gamepad controls.These are the current controls:LT: AccelerateLB: BrakeRT: Primary weaponRB: Secondary weaponLeft Stick: StrafeRight Stick: AimL3: BoostA: ConfirmB: Use consumableX: Activate DeviceY: Switch camera (3rd/1st person)If gamers have been taught anything when it comes to controlling vehicles in games, it's that the right trigger and the left trigger should be used for acceleration and braking respectively, but for some reason, this isn't even an alternate control option in this game.If I could customize the control scheme, it would be like this:LT: BrakeLB: Left rollRT: AccelerateRB: Right rollLeft stick: Control ship/aimRight stick: Control cameraL3: Switch camera (3rd/1st person)A: Primary weapon (hold to Confirm)B: Secondary weaponX: BoostY: Use consumable (hold to Activate Device)In case it's unclear, I also want the strafing mechanic removed from the game and replaced by a fixed ship position.Now, as I said in the beginning, EVERSPACE shows a lot of promise, and considering it's only in Early Access so far, the controls might be changed (or additional control options added) by the time the final version finds its way to Steam. However, as it stands right now, the game's barely playable if you're using a gamepad, and hence I cannot recommend it in its current form.I will be keeping a close watch from now on to see if the control issue improves."
76561197970467072,Not Recommended,396750,30251506,Posted: 28 February,all,Fireflys,Crashes randomly and insists on running in Steam VR mode every single launch. Barely playable.
,Not Recommended,396750,25765159,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MrJake,I was disapointed in this game very much. I thought there was a goal to the game. Like fight your way to finish in a sandbox where you can develop but nope. its a endless rinse and repeat arcadish very badly balanced. I had a mega battle ship drop on me on the first level while learning the ropes.Rage quit and refunded
76561198000299797,Not Recommended,396750,32836361,Posted: 26 June,all,robert6106,WOW JUST WASTED $26 BUCKS.
,Not Recommended,396750,33447887,Posted: 10 July,all,NeverGrind,Crash... Crash... Refund.
76561197972582771,Not Recommended,396750,32057883,Posted: 30 May,all,Razor247,"This isn't a complete game. Its part of a game. Controls suck, there isn't anything to do but point and click. I just want to know how people in this day and age cannot still beat Wing Commander. This is like a demo for a game or something lol.Don't spend $30 on a combat loop."
76561197976701499,Not Recommended,396750,25541126,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Max Overload,"Lousy ship controls and deceptive promotional material. Currently, no story. One ship released, only two more even planned. There's no game to fully voice act. It looks better than a 15 year old game like Freelancer, but not by much and it plays infinitely worse.You fly with WASD and have to constantly accelerate. There is no indication of the speed you're traveling at, or if you have hit max speed, though you clearly do have a max speed. Except for regularly carroming off one of the whopping FOUR enemy types in the game, it's almost impossible to tell you're actually moving at all.Targeting system is dreadful. The reticle that helpfully shows how much you need to lead a target by doesn't work so you'll only be effective against ships within harsh language range. The game has a dreadfully low skill cap with it's imprecise controls and rapid, unavoidable deaths. You start racking up ""perks"" (upgrades that roll over from death to death) so early and often that it's impossible to see any real improvement in piloting. You seem to improve, but you're adding perks with each run making it all become easier regardless.This is a super low effort roguelite cashing in on it's shameful surface appearance of being like other, better space games (Freelancer). It's easy to make empty space look great when you only made one ship model that the players will ever see up close. The game is vastly overpriced, controls like an FPS in no-clip mode, has basically no additional features coming before they jack the price up even more."
76561198014451758,Not Recommended,396750,32733584,Posted: 24 June,all,Bluearsebaboon,Trash...Absolute money grabbing baboons. This could if been a good game but repetitive to hell. Graphics are amazing but rest of the game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥......Like boning a blood sucking female from what there is no escape. Game lures you with amazing graphics. DEV`s can take my money and wipe there♥♥♥♥♥♥with it. Advetised ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,396750,32260489,Posted: 7 June,all,MysticK,"Requires an xbox controller, which not being an xbox gamer, I find difficult and counter-intuitive.  Seems odd that you have to aim with the same hand you shoot with.   Disappointed you can't use the Vive's controllers with this.   I hope there will be some better space combat games than this."
76561198110012916,Not Recommended,396750,25589657,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,grimrist,"The team who made Galaxy On Fire I & II are doing another space-trader 3D Gmae? Oh Man, Sign Me UP!Is what I thought when I bought this game today. The reality is that the contols are poor, the framerate is jerky & it has audio problems capable of inducing epilepsy."
76561198333345381,Not Recommended,396750,26226308,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sponger,"Collect resources, sell ressources, die like a ♥♥♥♥♥, upgrade perks, rinse and repeat.Collect resources, sell ressources, die like a ♥♥♥♥♥, upgrade perks, rinse and repeatDefinitely not worth 30 bucks. Bland unfinished game."
76561198313575107,Not Recommended,396750,32549150,Posted: 18 June,all,matthewsheppard12345,didnt work
,Not Recommended,396750,25539112,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,cvekis,"Have requested refund. Gameplay way too difficult at start. Enemy spawned heavily op. Drops are next to useless when u get blown to pieces 30 seconds later. Do more damage to ship by running into objects. FOV is terrible. Manual locking on enemy is ungainly and no way to replenish missiles (which seems to be only effective method of defence) in game except to get rare drop which causes you to stop, presss ""f"" and while doing so get blown to pieces. a game of hide and go seek to find the cavern INSIDE the asteroid to find a crate all the while allowing time for enemies to smash you. Every time you hit ""c"" to scan, you immediately get smashed my enemies. Woefull save game function Very frustrating game. Not fun at all. Great concept, but you need to do a lot of work to make this game worth $30US... Have a look at rebel galaxy to see a similar concept that actually works. Im really dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,396750,25536501,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,LightPillar,Wait for full release or deep into early access.FOV is terrible as well.
76561198121066809,Not Recommended,396750,30902201,Posted: 2 April,all,horsebrackets,Didnt even get out of the tutorial before overpowered enemies showed up & repeatedly blew me out of the sky.
76561198059670126,Not Recommended,396750,33933467,Posted: 31 July,all,bigkev411,just wasn't a good game I hated it
76561197969942645,Not Recommended,396750,25566635,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,rrrocket,Not full controller support as it says.Does not support my Logitech Extreme3D joystick
76561197970953842,Not Recommended,396750,25796749,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,xarchon,I cannot get this program to runIt say's DX11 Feature 10 neededHow is it that every other game including all the latest run at High or Ultra ?Fix it or it's gone
76561198340397662,Not Recommended,396750,29890903,Posted: 12 February,all,originalcoolx,"Don't buy this game because it is simply NOT FUN, and I would get a  REFUND, if I could. You will find yourself darting around the screen, trying to find the enemy just to get off a couple of shots while the other enemies shoot and blow your ship to pieces over and over again. NOT FUN! You will find yourself reversing your ship to try to find the enemy, who is circling your ship with the greatest of ease. NOT FUN! This game tries to be too much, like useless enemy folklore, and characters that don't mean a damn to the gameplay of this (supposed) kind. NOT FUN! My only hope was to try to hyperspace out of the fray in time to not get blown-up, and try again. NOT FUN!"
76561198149372240,Not Recommended,396750,33070090,Posted: 30 June,all,BlueEnergy,hate its dumb
76561198058953493,Not Recommended,396750,30910838,Posted: 2 April,all,lennyc-58,"game sucks, can't use joystick to fly end of review."
,Not Recommended,396750,25546616,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Beugnen,"PROS- very prettyCONS- PEW PEW PEW- afterburner in space- feels like I'm in a sector smaller than X3 flying a faster ship- cliche fly-there-shoot-that- no build-up, immediate drop into cauldron of death- space sim for the uneducated"
,Not Recommended,396750,28265660,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,MFStone,Uhhhh. . . i don't get the hype.. wtf waste of money.
76561197999620683,Not Recommended,396750,26000671,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,policis,meh
76561197974675218,Not Recommended,396750,25601494,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,IdleMach,Damn! Spent too money on this half finished demo and it's too late for a refund.  And I'm peeved Steam cheated me out of an extra $10. I'd give a positive review for $30 but not for $40. There's nothing to indicate I'm being charged in USD any where with some obscene exchange rate.
,Not Recommended,396750,26499136,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,solartitans2015,"SHIPS VOICE IS NERDY..MUSIC IS HORRIBLE AND IM A MUSICIAN SO I KNOW, IT DOES NOT FIT THE GOOD GRAPHICS AND SPACE GAMEPLAY...USER INTERFACE FOR SHIP LOADOUT IS WEAK AND BORING.THE GOOD IS THE GRAPHICS.THE SOUND EFFECTS ARE GOOD.THE GAMES PLAY IS ABOVE AVERAGE! LESS ARCADE MORE SIMULATIONCOCKPIT VIEW IS WEAK AND UNECESSARY.OVERALL IF THEY AT LEAST GOT RID OF THAT NERDY COMPUTER WITH SOMETHING MORE BALLSY I COULD RECOMMEND IT AS COOL...."
76561198071963778,Not Recommended,396750,30649193,Posted: 21 March,all,$avageKiller420,needs alot of work
,Not Recommended,396750,31976644,Posted: 26 May,all,Celtic,Full Controler support?  Maybe - but not customisable!Completely counter intuitiv handling!Refund!
,Not Recommended,396750,32031410,Posted: 28 May,all,40s & Blunts,"EDIT:The response to this review has been really great. So many good comments! I just wanted to update to say that I have no refunded the game THREE times! Because I got high and thought maybe I'd give it another swing but then ho nope! Fool again I guess sorry guys.Wow just wow. That's all I've got to say about this game. I punched the refund ""button"" faster than your♥♥♥♥♥and I don't regret a second of it though I regret every second of playing this polished turd-cannon.Where do I start? is ithe beautiful graphics while some British dad talks at you like you just took your first fart? Very amatuer. It's really incredible that people can make games like this these days and that pretty much says it all.This game is so bad I actually refunded it twice. First when I got too high and bought it on early access, and then second months later when I forgot that ever happened and I got way too high and then bought it for like 40 bucks which is insane. There you have it folks. Need I say more?But seriously, this game has flashy, fast-paced shooties and all kind sof little♥♥♥♥♥♥head robots larping all over your lawn. It's completely bonkers and my dementia has really set in and I couldn't keep up with it. I want to mine some space farts of a♥♥♥♥♥♥steriod but whatever gamers like me are pretty much forgotten about theses days #gamerneglect.If you like crafting and flying around while getting shot at from lots of directions you should definitely get this game you're not going to find one much better. The game is pretty much FTL except you are playing Wing Commander instead of whatever the ♥♥♥♥ clicky-clicky garbage that game had with the little men crawling through the bowels of your ship it was really something else. This game is fast and slick and the controls feel like exploring your own body it's really an unusual experience. The locals are beautiful and the ships zip about with glee but I have to say I am let down that the devs are in bed with the SJWs -- how can you make a Sci-Fi game set in outer space and NOT HAVE SPACE BABES??? Pretty much going to boycot these PC Police appeasers.But really that pretty much says it all, and if you're one of these haters that downvote brigades all my reviews because I don't comform to what the media says reality is supposed to be, well you can step back. This game sucks no mater which way you sling it. I got a refund and that pretty much says it all.Also I got the game for free bc I sell the dev's dad weed."
,Recommended,396750,30414784,Posted: 9 March,all,Kiki162,"Beautiful, difficult and a decent amount of variety already (with ship colour customization around the corner :D ).8/10 Would die to a black hole again."
76561197972802479,Recommended,396750,30752082,Posted: 26 March,all,[SWITCH]GorosXavier,I really enjoy the game.It is challenging enough to play.It offers interesting quests at random during going through the sector.I would love to have some co-op features in the future.
76561197991148729,Recommended,396750,30964327,Posted: 5 April,all,[ChHa]Magnus,There are instances of random crashes but that's about it for bugs that I can tell so far (after ~60 hours of gametime).  The game itself is incredible.  It's almost a reimagining of X-Wing Vs Tie Fighter.  The larger battles later on against the larger capital ships are just incredible and feel intense.  I can't wait for the game to be further developed.
,Recommended,396750,26904440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a.m Kunkka-chan,"I find myself dieing a lot yet learning fast for this game. The space combat is as much skill as luck. For a Early access game, its pretty complete. if they keep the price and add a little bit more content, it would still be a good game thats worth the price. If they add even MORE content and raise the a little bit then it would be way worth it. It has elements from games i like very much,  space sim mixed with FTL and Rogue Legacy."
76561197960874555,Recommended,396750,25574411,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,cruwl,"I've got about 10 hours in already and the game is amazingly fun to play. The dog fights take some time to get use to but once you get the hang of the controls they are extreamly satisfying.looking forward to more contect eventually, but as it stands right now its still a really fun game."
76561198241939626,Recommended,396750,25705532,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,isaackershner999,"Although at first I thought it was not my style, as I played it I quickly became very attached and began to figure out how the game works. The game currently does not have the greatest amount of content but I am excited to follow it through the updates. Recently I was disappointed with the No Mans Sky game release. I have played a ton of that game but just got worn out. This however is a completely different kind of space game that I think everyone should try. Worth the 30$. Honestly thinking. To get the HTC Vive to play this game too, graphics are unreal!"
,Recommended,396750,25709745,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,DarthBayve,"Great Fun,This game is a good fun space sim.It reminds me of Freelancer, but the graphics are so much better.It would be cool if they implemented the abillity to land on planets / Spacestations and talk to people to select jobs.I guess the main point of the game is to get as far as you can without dying and so far I think i have made it to sector 4 but each time I play through I find it satisfying to destroy other starfighters and the explosions are incredible too.Will probably play this game for years to come, definately a keeper.Much easier to play with keyboard and mouse. Have tried with steam control and xbox control, I didn;t get on too well.Worth the money.Awesome game."
,Recommended,396750,25716456,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Staalby,Everspace or neverspace?Everspace. Definitely.
76561198271293993,Recommended,396750,25712428,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,themaw365,"Good old fashioned space shooter, no gimmicks just pick up and play action.  If you've played galaxy on fire its basically that but with a linear progression system...well untill you die.  Its the 'impossible game' in space.  Has been a long time since I've had a good space shooter to play, a very long time.  Enjoying every minute of it."
,Recommended,396750,25690877,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ThaTGuYZiM,What No Man's Sky should have been at half the price 10/10
,Recommended,396750,25692257,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Eumenides,画面酷炫，手感一流，优化满分。
,Recommended,396750,25581563,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dr. Png,"This game is hard, really hard. I'd describe it, as most people will, a 3D FTL. It's fun, it's cool, and it has explosions. The only bad things about it is sometimes the game will take an hour to load or just won't respond whatsoever."
76561198033854084,Recommended,396750,25717868,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Warrior118,"Probably one of the best space games I've played since Freelancer. Has some of those sand-box elements(crafting, survival, exploration) without the vastness of  an open universe. The combat gets a bit repetative, as the only real difference as you progress is the enemies get harder, but the game almost turns that into a positive because of how crafting and equipment acquistion works (the harder the area, the better loot, resources, and more credits you get). All in all a really good start. I just hope the devs can follow through on all their promises. Been a lot of grandeous space games pre/released lately that haven't fulled their promisses."
76561198181358235,Recommended,396750,25718053,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,junitog65,Great simple game.
76561197993304494,Recommended,396750,25719536,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,juraVENATOR,"After their fabulous Galaxy On Fire Series, Rockfish certainly are on the right path for the Space game I've always wanted."
,Recommended,396750,30844567,Posted: 30 March,all,Joker San,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is amazing!!
76561198018612655,Recommended,396750,29265595,Posted: 14 January,all,Scientist Man,Want a new Star Wars Rogue Squadron? This game isn't it but it's close enough that you can put on the soundtrack and pretend it is.
76561198117627031,Recommended,396750,30670741,Posted: 22 March,all,Memes?,"I had a lot of fun playing this game, great combat system, challenging game, and there is even a storyline that I was not expecting for that kind of game.The only bug I experienced was a visual glitch on my spaceship but it wasn't that bad.I would still recommend this game.Hope the developers will continue to do great job and improve the game."
76561198006561843,Recommended,396750,30685360,Posted: 23 March,all,Darkside99x,"First starfighter game ive been willing to buy in a while due to the sheer amount of almost identical games that came in waves following freelancer, this is staggeringly good in both graphics and game flow.Add mod support  to spice up whatever is required and this will really shine.All thats needed now is for someone to release a similar game with capital ships."
,Recommended,396750,31079017,Posted: 11 April,all,ashleyis,"Lots of fun, would be great to see the VR support a bit more polished"
,Recommended,396750,31119666,Posted: 13 April,all,Agentgerbil,"If you liked the combat gameplay of games like Freespace, this will be right up your alley.  Great graphics thanks to the Unreal 4 engine."
76561198016204346,Recommended,396750,31137533,Posted: 14 April,all,acemachine007,"Neat Game shows alot of potential, but needs to have fully customizable joystick support before I will continue to test it or try it in VR."
,Not Recommended,396750,25580310,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,AppleOrchardBananaCatDance8663,"Its a pretty game and has some good gameplay, but it lacks depth and seems very grindy."
76561198239620238,Recommended,396750,30161730,Posted: 25 February,all,Stille Willem,An Okkar Corvette came tumbling towards me as I entered a new location.10/10
,Recommended,396750,30172949,Posted: 25 February,all,lol?,"At the time of the review, I've only played the game for about 5 hours, so keep this in mind.As someone who has never played a game with this style of progression before, it's a really nice change to what I'm used to. Don't be buying this expecting a space trading exploration game; this is a 3rd or 1st person space shooter that is all about going as far as you can before dying.Once you die, you start at the beginning again, but get to keep your progress (ship upgrades) so next time around it's easier.This gives the game quite a lot of replayability, and its quite fun trying to go further each time.Gameplay is solid and the controls are excellent; weapon variety is great and so are the consumables you can use on your ship.Graphics are beautiful (Unreal Engine style) and the game runs super smooth at 60fps on my rig with no hitches at all.Looking forward to how the devs take the game and what they will add.The only thing I wish the game had right now was some kind of multiplayer PvP arena game mode; I understand that multiplayer can't be added in the campaign like a MMO as it would take way too much work at this stage, but making a PvP arena based area as a separate game mode would be a wise decision for the devs to make to ensure that the game lasts to the players.All in all though, excellent game and well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,396750,31188774,Posted: 16 April,all,Audi,"Everspace is something special, not necessarily because it's groundbreaking, but because what's there is being done so well. It certainly has a place among the new wave of rogue-like metaprogresion games like Crypt of the Necrodancer.I've been looking for something like this for a while. A great, snappy space combat exploration game. The dogfighting is fast and brutal and I'm in love with the control scheme. A few things I have to say stand out for this game:1) Beautifully visceral effects and sounds: The game looks great, even if some of the geometry could be better. The backgrounds and visual effects for weapons and environmental hazards is fantastic. You get a great rush during intense dogfighting or going up against larger ships.2) Difficuly progression: I rather enjoy the difficulty curve in general. It does take some time before you feel totally confidant on a run, and although you can become rather well equiped to the point that you can take on almost any challenge, you may find yourself blowing all your best consumables to survive a chance encounter. The balance of risk and reward is well done.3) Metaprogression: Currency earnd during a run can be spent on permanent upgrades that you carry forward in future runs (in addition to collectabe upgrades). I enjoy rogue-likes but I love the idea of metaprogression. It just gives you something more to plan around and gives you that sense of accomplishment along with the standard rogue-like elements.Things the game still needs:1) For an early access game the obvious one is of course content. The game itself is largely complete in terms of actual gameplay and feels great, it just needs more and more. I love where the developers are going with the game and already new content is coming out quickly. The formulae they have is fantastic, they just need more factions, more enemies, more environments, and more set pieces. It's certainly getting there, though and even after 20 hours I don't feel like I've started to tire of any of it.2) VR support and performance: I have a Rift and the game automatically tries to activate my VR. Audio is routed to the Rift unless I disable it, which is annoying. Proper VR support is coming and I'm looking forward to it. Game performance is not very good in some of the new structures added to the game.3) Music: The voice work in the game is actually really good and I rather enjoy it. However, I don't find any of the combat music very inspiring. There also doesn't seem to be much in the way of a sound track in general. May be something they're working on. The actual game sounds effects are okay.As a final note, here's a cool experience I had with the recent update (SPOILERS): Upon arriving into a cloudy system, I encountered an ancient structure. When I entered, I found a kind of floating obilisk but couldn't interact with it. After exiting I was suddenly attacked by a glowing orb that launched masses of homing projectiles. I spent some of my more powerful weapons I was saving up to destroy it, but on death it collapsed into a black hole. I was too close and started falling in. In a panick I was able to turn around and activate my enhanced boost to escape. If I didn't have that module I wouldn't have made it. Was a very cool experience and I hope a taste of what the game will offer in the future."
76561198003015044,Recommended,396750,30212320,Posted: 26 February,all,Hypernaut,"Excellent game....looks great and plays very well...the developers I bet are proud of it, as they should be !"
76561198093731118,Recommended,396750,31172858,Posted: 16 April,all,harbinsky.m.e,"Pchew! Pchew!!Yeah, it's pretty neat.Kind of like FTL, No Man's Sky, and Net Hack (damn I'm dating myself here...) all adopted a kid and reaised it as their own.I really liked this."
,Recommended,396750,31182206,Posted: 16 April,all,T3cube,"Ok, where to get started...Side Note:I will butcher spellingLets start with the beginners gameplay(and i litteraly mean ""start"", there is soo much that this game gets right for me).when you join the game you warp into a zone that has, open space (obviously), AI enimies, newtrals, destroyed ships, asteroids, space stations (you cant dock with them yet in the version im using), minable materials, cargo transports, traders, mines(both kinds, mine fields occasionaly and ore mines). in your ship you are guided by an AI on how to flying, wepons systems, special moduals, active moduals, enimies, backround of your targets on first aporach, and occasionsaly says random lines when fighting or doing other tasks. When your ship takes hull damage, your ship has a chance to have one of your vital systems get damaged. You do take collision damage(and a healthy amount at that). The ship is very resposive and turns at a hairs weight, is very manuverable, decently fast, can be uses in first person or third person. You fly arroung scavanging, mining and stealing (if you are evil) goods to get materials so you can build items, wepons...or (importantly) repair your vital systems when they become damaged.storyline:thers no storry that i can see at the moment, but the game makes it clear that one will be addedpay to win? nope. you buy the game...the rest relys on your skill and the upgrades you give your ship(s) with creditsships? only 3 at the moment. interceptor, fighter, frigate...pritty standard. i dont have a problem with that at allvisuals? unfortunately, im stuck with a GT630M(nvidea) and intel intagrated HD4000 so i get lots of lag...and about 10 fps when maxed...but they look great. vr support is just a bonus. as the ship takes damage the aperence of the ship be comes more destroyedwhere it falls short:granted, its in early access, which means i can gripe about some of the featuresplease, a warning when im at low hull, the AI does mention it, but thats not enough for me atleasti would prefer a freelancer like experience with multiple docking points, different ships, named sectors, stations etc.(im asking too much, but i'd rather throw my ideas/oppinion out there)items desplayed on your hud are blue...space(for the most part) is blue...was yellow prior to an updateno story line...ok, sure its going to be added in the futuredifficalty...i suck at shooters and make loads of poor desisions when playing games like this, its not too hard if you play it right but not easy too...good balance BUT, every run you get credits and if you dont spend them after you die you lose them. as things become more and more expencive to upgrade you must go a certain distance and obtain a certain amount of credits inorder to upgrade any further...let allone unlock one of the shipsextra fetures...autopiolet. please! target an object and go to automaticaly. enabling/disabling of the inertia dampeners, to kep moving in a constant direction and look back at ur enimies will help fighting make sinarios allot easier IMHO. speed control for keyboard users(unless i missed the setting)allow for HUD customizing, colour, things to desplay, maby even a mini map(not sure if its there already) even the arows of incoming enimies are hard to see...and they are red, but tranclucent.(unless once again i missed a setting)overall im realy happy this game exits...but untill it there becomes a good point in playing it...ill leave it be and it will be my go to offline shooter space game. keep up the good work devs."
76561198333347882,Recommended,396750,28250596,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[PCA] moonshine,its an awesome game with loads of detail but the prob with it is that u cant seem to get the controls right they either too fast or to slow an u gotta be very presice in this game cuz being hit is very bad for advancing
76561198068372045,Recommended,396750,31251498,Posted: 20 April,all,Sir Bubblybob,"Everspace is a very engaging game. It also looks great, but on my macbook air I can't really see that. This also means that it is possible to play this game on a potato, if you can live with the lowest graphics settings. Overall I am having a fun time playing this game, and it keeps expanding so there will be more places to explore and spaceships to blast apart."
76561198073138831,Recommended,396750,30367964,Posted: 6 March,all,Walrosity,"I don't typically take time out to review games, but I thought I should for this paarticular game for a couple reasons. The first being the extremely helpful support, after I purchased it I had some problems launching the game and getting it to stay running more than 2 seconds (turned out to be a hardware issue, not even the 'games fault') and the support spent quite a bit of time bringing up various forums and recommending everything they could just to fix a problme only I was having (because it was my fault). Another being that it's one of the few space games I've found to be enjoyable more than an hour or 2, the upgrade system for the end of each run adds a bit of constant replayability to see if you can keep getting further so I never really get bored of it. Another big hook is that it reminds me of a sort of real time 3-D FTL. And lastly it is just a flat out beautiful game as far as appearances go and runs very smoothly."
76561197988532231,Recommended,396750,31205224,Posted: 17 April,all,X-75,"Full controller support is a bit misleading as I feel like it needs some refinement to limit frustration as I wasn't able to find a combination of sensitivty/config settings that allowed me to have much success.Mouse+WASD seems better suited, and even then you will probably want to customize the layout yourself in regards to how you control roll/yaw and to a lesser extent your vertical thrusters."
,Recommended,396750,30338284,Posted: 5 March,all,Pthumeru,"So since the game is currently on Early Access my review is subject to be modified as the updates roll out.In any case Rockfish have to ♥♥♥♥ up in a major way for me to change this review to negative. What currently is in the game is good and with a story + some extra content this could become a fantastic game.The gameplay is fun, controls are crisp and the loot aspect gives it quite a bit of nuance, depth and replayability.The game is jaw dropping when it comes to the graphics, and runs at locked 60fps on a 970 at 1080, with everything to the max.Sound could be a lot better though, the soundtrack doesn't do it for me (laid back rock for a space game? what?), shot sounds lack low end and what little voice acting is in the game is only ok.27,99 could be a little steep if you dont enjoy space games / rougelikes though. In any case I've enjoyed the time I've spent already and plan on playing a lot more as updates arrive."
,Recommended,396750,31209778,Posted: 17 April,all,ченьО.Д.удэ101©,"Although somewhat feeling empty and kinda bland, the game has it's fun moments. The graphics are really pretty and the gameplay is meh. Would recommend to buy it while it is on sale."
,Recommended,396750,30353073,Posted: 6 March,all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,"Tough to play, but super fun and addicting and satisfying. The combat and movement are fluent, graphics are charming, and the game is well optimized. Not so many single-player games can get me playing 8 hours in a row except for this one.However it does not worth $30 at its current state, and I don't think it is going to worth $30 when it comes out. No more than 20 bucks.Doesn't really have quite a lot of potential, dispite being at v0.4 a number of the (major) features promised are already completed, the gameplay is going to be pretty much the same, though they promised a campaign with complete story but I really don't have a good feeling about this one, don't expect something like Free Lancer."
76561198045965215,Recommended,396750,30153198,Posted: 24 February,all,KroganRip24,"I do recommend getting this however I have a few things to say on it, it needs the option to change the layout of the controls for the x box controler having boost on L or R 3 which is also horizontal thrusters is not good for fine controls let alone how uncomfortable it makes it. Controles aside and given I don't fully know the story having only gotten to sector 5 before dying  after an inconsistant drop rate of things I feel like storage should be upgradeable not only for fuel but for the consumables and other limited things, raw resorces don't appear to have a limit to how much you can hold. I also feel like the scaling for the prices is a little to high for some things however that is just my opinon as someone who wants to clear the game quickly. You also can't change the name of your clone, and as far as I know there is no log for new messages for the story, they play once and you better be listening. Now all negatives aside, this is a game that has great grafics with limmited strain on your pc I am running a 650 ti boost with 8 Gb of ram and it is starting to show its' age, but this runs just fine. Everspace is very good at spending time and it makes good use of AI for the bots having a good balence of skill and unlike other space games, they are bound to the same mobillity as you, unlike other games where once they get behind you, you're dead because you can't face them again... I'm looking at you Elite: Dangerous... Everspace also is not dependent on a internet conection to an unstable server, it is run entierly on the pc with only your progress saved to the cloud if you allow it. With all the space games I have that deal with combat ( I have one I haven't played yet that being Rebel Galaxy) Everspace dose it the best. It is a little grind heavy though."
76561198017125492,Recommended,396750,32116890,Posted: 1 June,all,haykeye13,"I've owned this game for months, since the developer stated they wanted to bring it to VR. So I purchased and waited for VR support to arrive, and I'm glad I did.This game is great on the Vive with the steam controller. I recomend using the developer recomended profile and switching the analog inputs, as it can be very difficult to aim with the pad. I have also posted my reversed analog profile to make it easy.However, the text can be hard to read. To fix that I found disabling all AA while in VR and instead cranking the SS will improve visuals and text readability by a great deal.The game is grindy, you are expected to die over and over again, just like Faster than Light. I love FTL as well. This is almost the same game except you fly the ship and aim yourself while avoiding enemies who are not far behind. You use your credits to upgrade your ship and your own base stats, that are persistent between playthroughs.All in all, a great VR game."
,Recommended,396750,32102921,Posted: 1 June,all,lking226,Need Eveready batteries to power my ship. I think this game is far better than No Man's Sky. The jump gate does a excellent  job at presenting a warpspeed feel. The colonial interceptor is a wonderful basic ship to start with. The design of the ship is more streamline and sporty than the ones available for upgrade. The heavyweight ship is unappealing and it does not make me want to buy a new ship. I haven't played Elite dangerous but I'm glad I chose this. Easy mode still feels challenging as you progress sectors. The environment looks as if the studio really took their time to create. Still needs refinement but the final version is an amazing spectacle.
76561198041303513,Recommended,396750,32159175,Posted: 3 June,all,Wabbit,"Haven't played space shooters since Freelancer, usually they are too slow and clumsy for me.In this one, you get to the action VERY quickly, and the UI is simple and intuitive (although the menu controls are a bit buggy, I hope they patch that).The combat and flight controls are great and the different types of items and equipment have a lot of impact in combat and add to your own play style.Having a blast so far, recommended."
76561198015266830,Recommended,396750,32159396,Posted: 3 June,all,Mister Metroid [GER],"This is the game i was waiting for since i extensively played Sinistar: Unleashed.It is beautiful, immersive and quite difficult.It is a bliss to see, that people keep the space-genre alive.Over 10 years ago, the last great games came out. Some nice small gems kept popping up, for example FTL, Rebel Galaxy and Dark Star One.Egosoft did their share of life support for the genre, until they rammed the X series gracefully against a wall.No Man`s Sky did not do better, and Elite Dangerous is just plain boring.Now comes Everspace, and it is great fun. It is not really a simulation, more like a action-take on the FTL formula.So if you like FTL, Space, Action in Space and Space games with Space in it, go play it.10/10, would ram my great overpowered ship into a stray asteroid again."
,Recommended,396750,25516731,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,=SWF= Spartan0536,"I deleted my old review from over a year ago, this is my updated review...I bought this game when it was in very early access thanks to the brief coverage it got at E3's PC event. Initially it was bland and very repetitive with little to work for, this was because it was in version 0.3, but it was not bad at all.I uninstalled it after a few play throughts (around September of 2016) and had not downloaded it or played it again until this last week.Review as of game version 0.7This game has come very far, 2 new ships (the Gunship is my favorite), more weapons (still needs more railguns IMHO, especially a railgun turret for the gunship), and the same great gameplay as I had remembered. The perks and loadouts make you want to keep coming back to get a better run as the further you progress in the game with each ship type the more you unlock, its certainly rewarding. The cockpit view is fun, and I am quite sure with some polishing and tweaking the developers could make this into an extremely successful VR game.The best way I can explain this game is that if you took FTL and merged it with EVE Valkrie (minus the VR, seriously this game needs VR support post launch) this is what you would get. This game is done right and its going to be going places.The natural hazards in this game such as ""space lightning"", black holes, ancient space ruins, magnetic fields, solar storms, and nebulas have excellent atmosphere and black holes scare the **** out of me. Between the space pirates and the Okkar ****heads that want to brutally space you the game in general can be quite brutal just like FTL. Just when you think you are a ****ing hoss that can blow up any target with ease, in comes the Okkar with a corvette or capital ship that beats you into submission leaving you scared an scarred upon your next run.Here is what my last run in my Colonial Gunship was like...Sector 1:No shields, great, I am going to die quick... get into first fight aginst pirates, kill them with insane ease, I like this ship already... Jump to next point. Scan area, find loot, not bad not bad, more pirates, kill them again, lololololol, they die in seconds, damn this gatling turret is awesome! Jump to last point in sector.... Jump in, greeted immeadiately by Okkar, ok now this gets serious, Okkar ships do some damage but my combined firepower is just way too much for them, I make short work of the Okkar fighters and drones, I love this ship, I grab what loot I can quickly and hit the jump gate.Sector 2:Damn it, this game wants to kill me, jump into a system with space lightning and a black hole **** you game dev's you sadistic jackasses... Okkar fighters see me and naturally want to kill me, I fly through the lightning, take some minor damage and head towards the black hole, I hit the event horizon with the Okkar fighters hot on my 6 and hit my booster equipemnt I have installed, it gets me away from the black hole, and I am sweating bullets (seriously black holes in this are no joke), I watch as the Okkar fighters (all 6 of them) get crushed by the black hole, now that was a satisfying feeling. I gather what little I could in the system and jump to the next point. This point has a repair station and a trader and is filled with G&B friendies with TONS of loot, WOOT JACKPOT. I spend 15 minutes getting everything I could from that system and get some awesome upgrades in the process, I jump to the next point. Next point has some loot, I start to grab it, then the Okkar stop playing games and warp in a freaking Corvette in on my location, I nope the **** out on that a jump to the next point. Final point in this sector, mine some fuel, start grabbing some tech boxes and then the Okkar Corvette decides to jump in again, this time RIGHT ON THE ****ING JUMP GATE..... great, I smash my head against my keyboard a few times and decide to lure it to another part of the system, it works but I take more damage than I would have liked, my egnine systems got damaged as did my life support systems which my AI computer makes a joke about. I hit the jump gate and GTFO of that systemSector 3:As soon as I jump in, I repair the damage from my last jump, I just barely had enough supplies to accompish this, I got lucky. I search around for loot, find some and jump to the next point. After I jump in I scan the area for supplies, find 10 heavy missiles and add it to my other 10 (both missile slots are now filled), as soon as that happens, Mr. C*** stain Corvette decides to join the party again, I swear this Okkar punk has a hard on for me, and I am not going to drop the soap. I decide I have had enough and lure him to a large asteriod that had some tunnels in it, he takes the bait. I target his stupid shield drones, pop out from one of the caves, 1..2..3..4.. all of his dones are down but I am taking damage quickly, I deploy my combat drone, and engage the Corvette with my prototype beam lasers and gatling turret... his shields start to melt quickly, as soon as they go down I switch to my 40mm gatling cannons as my turret is still spewing out hate and I rapid launch heavy missle after heavy missile into his hull, within 15 seconds he explodes, hell yeah, take that you stalking SOB, I grab tons of loot from his wreck, feeling confident that I am now the superior force and that my current run is going to be nothing more than legendary, I gather the rest of the loot in the system and confidently jump into the next system...I am at a crossroads on the jump map, the 1st route goes to a medium sector where I may encounter another corvette, an event the I would like to avoid as I took some considerable damage last time, or I could take route 2 which is labelled as easy but it has a natural hazard, I say **** it and go route 2.Upon arriving I am greeted with sensor malfunctions but my ships AI says the Okkar can not detect me here, and there is this massive ominous looking structure in the middle of the map.... the ships AI says its some kind of ancient relic the Okkar worship, I decide to check it out. I fly near it and into it, nothing, just a bunch of nothing, as soon as I exit the structure I am greeted with some kind of turret made of light that blinds me every 10 seconds with a flashbang like effect all while shooting me with a bunch of missile like projectiles. I launch the last few heavy missiles I have left into it and it blows up, haha take that you ancient POS turret, just then the turret turns into a black hole that quickly pulls my ship in past its event horizon and kills me..... yep killed by a dead ancient turret that turned itself into a black hole, just like FTL, this game wants to brutally space you.This game is absolutely fantastic, if you like space fighting games and like a challenge and a game that can be as brutal as FTL and The binding of Isaac or Dark Souls, then get this game.This game currently gets a 9.5/10 from me, I am quite sure another year of development and this game will easily get a 10/10, this game is done right."
76561197999128769,Recommended,396750,31607063,Posted: 7 May,all,metagod,"Very fun casual space shooter.Difficult enough that you can't just rush through it (unless in easy mode) and hard enough that you are challenged along the way, not every fight can be won but its ok to retreat.Being able to upgrade after every trip gives it a rpg element that over time makes it possible to get farther and farther through the map.Controls aren't too complicated but swapping gear on the fly can be a pain."
76561198062053322,Recommended,396750,31617870,Posted: 7 May,all,DurtyKanuk,Beautiful graphics.  I play this game every few days/weeks and come across something new every time i play.
76561198095409768,Recommended,396750,31659185,Posted: 9 May,all,enpac,Rogue Legacy with spaceships.. what's not to like?
,Recommended,396750,31679763,Posted: 11 May,all,Sevicler,8/10 what Elite Dangerous should have been. 8/10 because currently only has 3 ships and few customization optionsI'll give a 10/10 when the developers introduce more ships and more customization options. also give us a way to beat those invincible Colonial Warships :P
76561198127401185,Recommended,396750,31677078,Posted: 10 May,all,Sharknado34,"im super addicted to this game, one of the best i have ever played! It seems dull at first, but as you progress it becomes really addicting and interesting story wise"
76561198040732197,Recommended,396750,31756825,Posted: 14 May,all,Wombat Whisperer,"Really immersive, great replayability"
76561198067101397,Recommended,396750,32119100,Posted: 1 June,all,Fenneca,"If you enjoy the random, replayable space gameplay of FTL, but do not like the 2D strategy gameplay itself, you will like this gameLots of content and things to put on your ship, lots of things to unlock, and everything doesnt reset when you die.The only downside, there are few playable ships, but each has unlockable load outs, comparable to FTL again."
76561197991329720,Recommended,396750,32141736,Posted: 2 June,all,Azumoth,"Different than what I expected, I thought it was going to be more like GOF2; but discovered it was rogue-like.Beautiful game, great controls, a good challenge.  Sometimes zones seem a bit repetitive but still a pretty epic game."
,Recommended,396750,32074985,Posted: 30 May,all,Jim,"I'll start by saying it looks like they have some patching to do with the VR portion and I've just played the non-VR version. That said, I haven't invested so much time into a game since... probably World of Warcraft first came out. The thing to know going into this is to be prepared to invest a little time in the beginning unlocking blueprints and perks and ships and so-on.It's a little bland in the beginning with fewer options and after doing many runs it can get a slight bit tedius doing the same stuff over and over again but that didn't detract too much from how much fun I've ended up having with it. I've never played a space shooter that felt so good. The controls are a bit arcadey but that's what I like about it. It's very responsive and fast paced.If you're going into it for the VR then perhaps wait for a patch or two, but otherwise if you love rogue-lite and space shooters then you should love this. It looks incredibly beautiful and runs quite well."
76561198018148224,Recommended,396750,32080930,Posted: 31 May,all,SoapilyProne,"This is actually one of the best games I've played. It is true, you die quite a bit in this game, but each death is it's own reward as you get to see more and more of the game. Don't get me wrong, this game is REALLY hard to start with (think FTL levels of difficulty to start off), but the sheer mechanics of the game as well as the stunning graphics really outweight the difficulty. I've played over 10 hours of this game and I still haven't reached the final sector, but every single minute of my experience has been profound and amazing."
76561198032730278,Recommended,396750,32081550,Posted: 31 May,all,Sir Rogan,"9.5/10 Action Game.Okay, I just beat the first bit of the game (won my first run). I have to say this game was intense!!I did not expect this style of play when I bought this. I expected a game more like Freelancer (2000) but what I got was very worth it!Story seems half-produced and not that important which is FINE. The game is literally all about space combat that gets more and more intense. Some people may find it boring, but I find it well rewarding to spend two hours exploring the vast galaxy to get into one giant totally EPIC heart racing battle in the end!You have never experience the feeling of ""Oh my God.... no no NO NO!"" when you jump into a sector to see a freaking Okkar Capital Ship staring you down that launches an armada of fighters at you until you play this game and get far enough. Knowing full well that every jump to hyper space could be your last as you go from sector to sector!Don't expect deep story, just expect sick dog fights with heartracing moments of terror and adreneline. Also, in the lulls, the visuals of the universe are AMAZING in this game!Very, very fun space combat game and worth the full price buy IMO!My ONE criticism of this game is that I wish there were more than three ship options. Rockfish Games, PLEASE add more ships to this game. I would like at least 5 more ships! This would make the game as close as you can get to perfect.>>>This game would be complete perfection if you added Co-Op!!!<<<"
,Recommended,396750,25582622,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TJM261,Since I made my original post the game has undergone massive improvement. I recommend the game :)
76561197984112542,Recommended,396750,26407051,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Briosh,"This is an incredibely fun game!• Very intuitive controls, 6 DOF, has EVERY thing a space shooter needs, not entirely simulation but not casual either. Perfect blend of both.• Can be easily played with a mouse ( altough I can't wait to use a joystick in a later version - not currently supported )• Very replayable, interesting loot, battles and amazingly beautiful maps.• The 'rogue-like' elements in a space shooter are very unique and well designed.• I see many Inspirations and elements from games like FTL, Strike suit zero which and others - all welcome ofcourse!A must have for any space shooter fan!"
,Recommended,396750,32137601,Posted: 2 June,all,Saviour,Wonderful game with a unique story revolving around the rogue-like nature of the game
76561198088807600,Recommended,396750,32184113,Posted: 4 June,all,Bukowski,"It's like Don't Starve in space. Not sure what the end game is and I'm still wrapping my mind around the why of what I'm doing, but it plays great and is a lot of fun. The mouse and keyboard controls work great."
,Recommended,396750,32525873,Posted: 17 June,all,Eltanin,Gorgeous-looking space combat rogue-lite game that's slightly hampered by its lack of substance.An alright experience but nothing that'll keep you playing for a very long time.
,Recommended,396750,32549123,Posted: 18 June,all,DramaticDelta,"This is an amazing game, beautiful and tons of fun. BUT: DO NOT BUY THIS FOR VR. The VR is really badly made for this game, the game is made for mouse/keyboard, and does not play well with controllers, and you CANNOT play with mouse and keyboard in vr in this game, something I simply cannot understand why.Pros:Stunning visualsWell designed shipsFun combat (the best part of the game and the reason this review is positive)Diverse playstyles across the different shipsInteresting mysterious storyWell paced enemiesAddictive: I've had fun with it all weekendCons:Can get quite repetitiveHas a lot of bullsjiet instadeath scenarios where you have no way of knowing that something would instakill you.The difficulty modes feel unbalanced, while ""easy"" is almost a little too easy making each session run an hour or more, normal is simply too punishing, even the slightest mistake will result in dammaged equipment wich is very difficult to get back from and can make the run annoying and frustrating resulting in some unenjoyable gameplay.Addictive: I had things I wanted to do this weekendTo sum up, the game is not perfect, but it is a lot of fun. Think of it as ""FTL, dogfighter eddition"". If you hate ""busywork"" this game is not for you, but if you enjoy exploring and upgrading your ship and equipment you will probably love it."
76561198191505527,Recommended,396750,32485134,Posted: 16 June,all,Hazmyat,"Though it may get a bit repetitive after a while, the space combat system is solid and can be exceedingly challenging. The visuals are very beautiful and you can lose time staring at solar rays glistening over ice asteroids. It is worth the price."
,Recommended,396750,32481999,Posted: 16 June,all,Traps Aren't Gay,i managed to finish the game on my 36th run it's 4am now and i don't know what to do with myselfgood gameif you see it on sale buy the ♥♥♥♥ out of it
,Recommended,396750,32450020,Posted: 15 June,all,noobo,"Everspace is a great game (I have no experience with the VR version).  Just make sure you know what you're getting into before buying it.It's hard for me to list pros and cons for this game as each mechanic has it's own pros and cons and I thought it would be easier listing it that way.EnvironmentsIf you like space, this game's environments are amazing, which is important because of how often you are moving from system to system.  The environments and environmental hazards are one of the reasons everything thing else feels varied enough so I can die 45 times and still continue to play this game.Rogue-like MechanicsI don't play a lot of rogue-like games and was a little worried before buying it.  I have really been enjoying the rogue-like elements in this game.StoryI wasn't very interested.  That said I did finish all of the story and it was enjoyable enough.  Also the art was great.Resource GatheringYou do this a lot.  Resources allow you to craft, but you need it for other things as well.  This is one of the main drivers of action as high value resource targets are often guarded in one form or another.  While you are often jetting off to mine something or grab floating resources, the optimization of routes and decision making creates enough variation to keep me interested.CombatA lot of combat is avoidable, depending on how you like to play the game.  Combat scales well into the mid and late game with pleasant suprises along the way.  Mostly you shoot at ships with your main weapons (lasers/guns/etc.) but you have secondary weapons and devices that keep things nicely varied.  There are also enough different enemies and options you can keep things fresh if you want to; however, you may stumble upon a build you really like and ride it till you die.AIThe AI is OK.  I feel that most of the challenge comes from quantity rather than quality.  More ships = harder fight.  I haven't been blown out of the water with crazy dogfights."
76561198156412603,Recommended,396750,32417664,Posted: 14 June,all,"Grey, I guess","I Have played this game since early access, and I am in love with it, and if you like rouge-likes here is why you should to.1.The first thing to shock many about this game is the graphics. The types of graphics and how they are used is one of the many things about this game that make it good. From the first look to the 100th run, the graphics never really get old. If you havent seen already, the game has 3 different perspectives varying from 1st to 3rd person, adding a nice little toutch to the gameplay.2.As you get farther into the game, you can quickly adjust to the mechanics and the combat system. The many different ways to fight the varying types of enemies in the game is really stunning.3. This game is a rouge-like done well. The varying ways to change your playstyle or the world around you in-game is a feature that I haven't been seeing much of, however that is just me. The difficulty is nicely balanced with the different enemy types keeping you on your toes, and even the environment seems to be out to get you.However, there are cons to this game. They are small, but some can stick out to some more than others.1. The reputation system isn't as developed as is should be. At the time of writing this, the rep. system (the rep system is basically just when you shoot neutrals they become enemies) is rathe undeveloped with only one group of A.I. being in the neutral stance out of a small 3 factions.2. If you don't like rouge-likes, you are incredibly likely not to enjoy this game.3. the story is kind of predictable, but it isn't exactly a bad one.This concludes my review of everspace, but keep in mind that this is my first review ever. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,396750,32488567,Posted: 16 June,all,mmordac,"I definitely recommend this game, although it may not be for everyone.It's most easily understood as a mix of other games:- It has the roguelike ""you will die, but each run earns you currency which can be spent on permanent upgrades before the next run"" element of, say, Rogue Legacy.- The ""strategic"" gameplay is pure FTL: pick a ship and a loadout at the start. Navigate through sectors to your ultimate goal, choosing your route and being careful to stock up on fuel.- Within sectors, it's a fairly standard -- but in my opinion, particularly well executed -- first- or third-person space combat game. Note that it permits controllers but is designed to be played with keyboard and mouse. Some have complained that the controls feel strange, and it's definitely different from most Freelancer-type games, but for me they were perfect.- On top of all that, a pretty standard crafting mechanic: you can (really, must) gather resources in each sector, ranging from mineable asteroids to floating remnants of enemies, and use these to craft new weapons, upgrades, consumables, and so on.Like most roguelikes, it does suffer from a ""samey"" feeling over time, but the graphics and sector layouts are so well done, and the enemies and natural hazards sufficiently diverse, that each run has its own unique challenges and rewards. It was enough to keep me engaged until the finish -- which took a lot longer than my displayed playtime, by the way, since I usually play offline -- and I'm sure I'll play it again.A little tip for anyone finding it difficult, by the way: Scouts with the default loadout are incredible. A super long-range sniper rifle sort of primary weapon, plus the Scout's natural speed and agility, plus the ability to cloak and escape if you get cornered drastically increase your survivability."
76561198076834193,Recommended,396750,33072373,Posted: 1 July,all,millett_man,"Hey guys! Almost dropped 100 hours in this game when writing this review, as you might've guessed, I do enjoy it! Here's my favorite and least favorite things about the game - ultimately, I recommend it.After spending time mastering the controls, I love flying in this game. I can move in any direction - spin, dodge, fly through narrow areas and asteroid caverns, harrass and outmaneuver enemies large and small; the flying freedom is great! The flying and the beauty of the digital art are my two favorite things about the game. I gravitate towards the scout class because of it's speed and agility which is great for clearing sectors quickly (which does get monotonous, but there's perks that help you clear them faster you can discover). I was hoping for a bit more ship customization and selection, but it's fine.There are lots of upgrades you can do to your ship before starting a playthrough as well as temporary weapon and ship upgrades during the play through.There's not a very wide variety of enemies - just the alien race okkar, which i've come to despise and prioritize in any multi enemy dogfight, and the outlaws. Unfortunately, the characters and factions are all pretty generic and they don't strike me as interesting or really unique.The game probably has about 15-20 interesting hours of gameplay. The reason I have near 100 is because I've replayed the game after pre-release updates and started completely fresh after the full release. After I got about 60% of the way through, I made a mistake that really annoyed me. The mistake was, while investigating a derelict ship, I was trying to salvage an Energized Boost, which is basically just a super powerful engine booster to help you escape from dangerous situations. I ended up clicking the wrong button, accidentally activating it inside the derelict ship, and smashing my ship several times into a wall until I died. I tried shutting down my computer before death to prevent it from restarting my run, but ended up just losing all my game data lol. Bad idea.In the end, would smash again - 8/10"
,Recommended,396750,33329052,Posted: 6 July,all,Cyan Lightning,"Everspace has everything. Fast paced 6-DOF combat, Roguelike playstile, space, great music and sound, and a butt-ton of difficulty. A must-have for someone who thought that Elite Dangerous was too slow paced. Fair warning, this game does not have multiplayer. It might look like it should, but it doesn't. As long as you expect that there won't be any problems."
76561197973607547,Recommended,396750,33342846,Posted: 7 July,all,Drunken Shooter,"What I liked about this game is its visuals, very well done lighting and offcourse the explosions that just make you go HOLY S%^7.... Then there are the upgrades lots and lots of upgrades.What lacks are the ship varieties, could use some more,and need bigger guns :)Overal its a nice grind/ride and the visuals are definately there. Love it :)"
76561198040568330,Recommended,396750,33306557,Posted: 6 July,all,Spacecadet Spiff,"If you're looking for a chill space-sim then steer clear of this one!However, if you're after an adrenaline fuelled romp through a fast-paced and beatifully designed universe with a penchant for kicking you square in the nuts for making a slightly risky call, or for nudging that asteroid too hard, or for not dodging at the right time to avoid that incoming missile, or for ... *breaks down and cries*Everspace is brutal, it is hard and will punish you for the sake of it but herein lies the challenge and the fun! each death gives you time to breathe and set up your ship a little bit better so hopefully you'll get further with this life ... hopefully ;)Sure the story is short, but good luck getting anywhere near the end of it for your first few hours!I admit that I'm a bit of a fanboy for games like this but it gets a solid 9/10 - would spend hours dying over and over and over again."
,Recommended,396750,33261248,Posted: 4 July,all,Hattencrap,pretty
76561197962189356,Recommended,396750,33250709,Posted: 4 July,all,RustyLouie,fun time
,Recommended,396750,33241631,Posted: 4 July,all,Ramshackle,I'm an old fogey and haven't really played space fighter sims since the days of Decent and Tie Fighter. I've tried out Elite Dangerous for a few minutes but wasn't really grabbed. All of that said the controls felt familiar to a guy who played many hours of War Thunder and even Warhawk on the PS3 which myself and I believe 12 other real live people played. All of that said this game is super fun and has sucked me in.Some fair criticism would be that while each system is procedurally generated the various things you find there get familiar quickly and I could imagine it getting old if it weren't for ever escalating customization and new ships to unlock. The increased rewards as you crank up the difficulty of each run will test you and keep you challenged.The gameplay is why you are here but the bite sized little pieces of story are just intrigueing enough to keep my mind in the univers. This game is a hidden gem! I highly reccomend it to anyone who likes space combat and can stomach the 3D motion.
,Recommended,396750,33165074,Posted: 2 July,all,Sneaky Adolf,You can draw a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on an asteroid with a lazer.
,Recommended,396750,33290598,Posted: 5 July,all,λ³☠EvilEmpireλ(NL),"Het is fantastisch game!Its really hard to find a great and normal space game with your owne Adventures.This is just a grind + and evolve game  you get beter after time you play, and also ask your statics.But there are also some downside of it,-Short story-save- back to zero ( but you get your upgrade)-it can be repetition, but (fun)So i give it 9/10Its a rare game to find."
,Recommended,396750,33391370,Posted: 8 July,all,PaybackJack,"If you miss the old days of classic space sims like Wing Commander, Descent Freespace, or Freelancer: this is a game that should interest you.The introduction of Roguelike elements into the genre is handled well storywise, but it really makes for mechanically fun gameplay, though as with all Roguelikes you can get a little bored running the same content again and again. I didn't count the number of ""set pieces"" that a zone could spawn with but there was enough that I was still interested in exploring every part of a zone after 20 hours; by 40 I was mostly just hitting the places I knew I'd get something good from and moving on. The final zone is quite different and it would have been cool to see more zones like that in earlier stages, but some of the hazard zones are very beautiful and challenging.Sound: Everything sounds like you'd expect it to sound, although I could have done with a bit more chatter from enemies in the player's language. I guess that's a personal preference from being taunted by enemies back in Wing Commander: Privateer. I really did enjoy the banter between the PC and his ship, that was quite good. One of the music tracks does mix in some sounds from the game which can be distracting, but overall the music was quite enjoyable as well.Graphics: I'm not really a graphics snob, I don't complain when things don't look like they looked in promotional material, and as long as there isn't anything glaringly low quality I'm happy. That said, the graphics could probably have been improved in some areas, but I thought they were more than servicable, particularly in certain zones that are more than just empty space orbiting a planet. Ship models were good and I liked that you could change the color scheme.Control: I played the game for 40 hours using an XBox Wireless controller and it felt completely natural after about 10 minutes. I didn't need to change any of the key bindings because all the buttons were configured intuitively. The strafing mechanics were really well done and I knew how my ship was going to move and where it was going to be so I could pull off things like pivoting around an object at high speeds or narrowly fitting myself between fuel tanks during an attack to get the enemies to blow them up for some free fuel.Gameplay: The game has a nice length to it, but runs can take well over an hour once your get into the mid to late game, when you've unlocked a lot of the perks at max level and are familiar with the game. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but for people who enjoy Roguelikes because in many a run will last 10-30 minutes because they don't have time to commit for more than an hour, this could be an issue. Took me over 40 hours to get an ending that played credits afterward so there's definitely a lot of gameplay milage. Enemies do feel a bit same-y after a while and sometimes RNG makes your life really hard. There could have been more zones and enemies but it's a very end game complaint.Story: The story is what it needs to be. It's not winning any awards but it addresses the gameplay mechanics in a way that's not ridiculous and incorporates them into the story fairly well. The cutscenes are well done and provide enough background to make it more than just pure arcade gameplay.Overall: This game was almost a nostalgia trip back to my days playing Wing Commander 1, TIE Fighter, and Wing Commander: Privateer. That feeling of being eager to load up my new toys and spend my credits to unlock new ability tiers kept me launching back into space again and again. The thrill of dogfighting and being able to take down a capital ship by the skin of my teeth was the kind of excitement that this genre is known for and this game delivers!I feel like for the price, this game is where it should be. I don't want to say that it feels like a ""tech demo"", but there are certain elements that I see people feel are shallow and could definitely be made deeper. Hopefully this game does well, and we'll see a kickstarter for Everspace 2 which will expand the game in a lot of ways; like making zones more interesting, adding more factions, making the paths through sectors more meaningful and interesting, etc. Personally I feel like I got my money's worth and will undoubtedly come back to this game and put in another 40 hours."
,Recommended,396750,33383895,Posted: 8 July,all,shogoz,What a ride! I can't really say anything more about this game that hasn't already been said but what I will say is if you buy it you won't be disappointed....someone probably said that too :P. Thank you to the developers for the experience! Will come back to this game once I have a big enough space to set up the Vive. 10/10!
76561198061934407,Recommended,396750,33385823,Posted: 8 July,all,Superking,"Not my usual type of game so it took me a little work to get the controls and combat down.  Once, I did though it became a very fun game.  Expect to die a lot in the beginning because the combat can get very fast paced and intense."
76561197990504838,Recommended,396750,33414833,Posted: 9 July,all,TheXtracktor,"Gettng into it now not bad, if you can get fligt stick to work with vr."
,Recommended,396750,29214580,Posted: 12 January,all,reconmaster135,Good game! It is the kind of game were you go until you die and spend money on upgrades that last forever.
76561197993126335,Recommended,396750,29167144,Posted: 10 January,all,le Quack,9/10 :D  Absolutley fantastic graphics and engaging combat. It's like a Freelancer baby :)
76561198074523181,Recommended,396750,29617087,Posted: 31 January,all,Shadow,"Really nice looking game and will be keeping an eye on it, but for now, I'm going to refund for two reasons.#1 - The lack of TrackIR support. While it will affect very few people playing it, the lack of support for TrackIR 5 turns what could be an amazing space flight adventure, into just a good game. Flying with TrackIR is so fluid and natural that I just instinctively move my head around to freelook in games like this and it just feels horrible rigid when it doesn't respond. Especially considering that you guys are already working on VR support, the fact that it's not even planned is just a deal breaker for me.#2 - The fact that the story is still to be added. While I have no problem with early access in concept, or when it is properly implemented into a game's design process, it really annoys me when a story based, single player game is released, with basically all the working parts accept the story. It really detracts from the overall experience and immersion, as most players will be very familiar with, if not already bored by the game before the story even releases. I am perfectly fine with an early access online survival game, as long as it gets through the early access process in time *Cough*DayZ Standalone*Cough* but with a singleplayer, story driven game, that just ruins it for me a little.TLDR - No TrackIR support and I don't like early access singleplayer games that release without a story."
,Recommended,396750,29851509,Posted: 11 February,all,Richard Nixon,"It's early access, but it feels like a finished game. Can't wait to see what else they add."
76561198076195437,Recommended,396750,29702353,Posted: 4 February,all,botcrusher,"Easily the best playing space combat game I have ever seen.If you prefer the EVE style of commanding battles tactically, this game is however not for you.This game speaks to Fighter Jockies who love zipping around dodging missiles and pulling tight maneuvers around asteroids and between stations to evade enemy fire, with excellent controls and breathtaking graphics. There are many different play styles and loadouts, with lots of surprises waiting in every sector that mostly want to try and kill you. The procedural map generation and varied tactics used by the AI make for excellent replayability.For players with lower end systems, this game still looks and plays great with good control at 30 FPS, though lowering the graphics even more is worth the buttery smooth control you get at 60.Even in the current ""unfinished"" state, this game has the feel of a finished game, with less bugs than most AAA titles."
76561198039287557,Recommended,396750,31012518,Posted: 8 April,all,Haplo1274,Looks like a great game - Dual sticks is all I humbly ask for
76561198275496820,Recommended,396750,29487169,Posted: 25 January,all,Mokiflip,"Short version:Great game definetly worth playing with enormous potential. A bit expensive for what it is at the moment but if you like this type of games get it anyway. I havent played anything better in the same style.Long version:PROs (only a few of many)- Fast paced exciting space battles- Beautiful scenery and levels you can just fly around in for pure pleasure- Fun gameplay and great dogfights in freaking space!- Lots of nice details like exploding ships and so much more- Fun progression mechanics that allow you to keep playing for a long time without getting bored- Good athmosphere also improved by voice actingCONs (more like suggestions as they are not game-breaking)- Quite difficult to pick at first, but once you get used to it its amazing- Limited selection of interesting weapons (to be expected as it is Early Access)- Some ships need balancing. The giant spawning gunships one shot you almost instantly. I understand they're meant to put you in a very bad situation but you should be able to at least give it a shot- Sometimes the targetting feels a bit glitchy. It feels like sometimes your hits don't land and all of a sudden the enemy stars taking massive damage (it's not as inconvenient as it sounds. I would cathegorise it as a minor annoyance you can learn to play with)- Could probably be optimised a bit better, framerate wise, but it's fine- Crafting: could use a bit of balancing. Some items could be cheaper to craft and others could be a bit more expensive. For example, make it cheaper to repair your broken ship's components but make it cost more nanobots to repair your ship's HP (just an example off the top of my head)- A bit pricey, but fair when you take into account how many hours of gameplay you can get from it (I've played 10 hours and I am still very far from finishing the available content).I hope these suggestions help the Developpers keep up the great work.Please continue developping this game and do not give on it's amazing potential."
,Recommended,396750,29478431,Posted: 25 January,all,JacobMars,"Really fun, but tough and rewarding. Also it looks very good and I always come back and play it a little bit before bed. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes arcady space games."
,Recommended,396750,29403832,Posted: 21 January,all,Mister Frodo,"EVERSPACE is a fast-paced, high-octane ""fly-around-and-shoot""-y type of game, not a ""space sim"". It's centered around action, graphics, and gameplay. with worldbuilding, trading and scientific accuracy taking a backseat, and this is all perfectly fine as EVERSPACE doesn't care about these things; it just wants to be a good-looking game with tight controls, which is most certainly is. It's good, simple, arcadey fun; that's all there is to it.It's worth noting that the maps are a little repetitive (arrive in asteroid field above a planet, fight baddies, mine resources, jump away before the alien cops show up, repeat), but this will likely be improved by release, as the game is in a fairly early state of development at the time of this review."
76561197993680670,Recommended,396750,29321247,Posted: 17 January,all,LordKillerChicken,"Great Game, really love it!"
,Recommended,396750,29289296,Posted: 15 January,all,Costa,"This game is awesome.I like space fighters shooting game,I had a good time with the Free Space2.but after that there isn't any attracting games.X3 didn't catch my eyes either.Then I had this,it gave me more fun than I expected.Making money to upgrade the pilot and the ship is currently my objective.And collecting blueprints.the rogue-like style is fun,reminded me an IOS game called OUT THERE,also gave me a lot of happy time.Exile,out-cast,survive,encounter the bandits,everything is so exciting.I wish the developers can finish making this game.the rogue-like part can be a game mode,wish there is a story mode,other game modes,and many blue-prints,ships,weapons,races,skill-trees,multi-player modes..........Did I ask too much?I'd like to pay for that.one more thing,the ship needs a map,it better be a holographic one,and the HUD display is hard to recognize.and there is too many war ship,too less resourse to collect.please,keep up the good work!"
76561197965025245,Recommended,396750,31048680,Posted: 9 April,all,Boab,I've not played for long but I know already I'll be sinking some amount of hours into this to see all it has to offer and better yet it's early access and has many more features to come.The game plays very smoothly on Epic settings with my high end rig and looks amazing to boot. Everything about the combat feels perfect and responsive.If you like FTL and you like real time space dog fighting then this is for you.I would say it can be quite hard at first as some mobs and events can really blindside you and get you dead pretty quick but I guess with greater game knowledge and with better upgrades as you play through the game that won't be too much of an issue.
76561198188888819,Recommended,396750,29152265,Posted: 9 January,all,Blitzkrieg,"This game is 9/10. Absolutley fantastic, beatiful graphics and engaging combat."
76561198024457426,Recommended,396750,31061822,Posted: 10 April,all,StaticSloth,Fantastic solo game. Great to pass the time and take a break from regular games. Many thrills. Many chills. Good flight mechanics. Might not seem like it at first glance but quite a lot strategy is involved. Bring your best headband to keep the sweat out your eyes.
76561197972335702,Recommended,396750,30122753,Posted: 23 February,all,Mister Roboto,"Fantastic game.  Amazing graphics and enjoyable gameplay even in tis 30% released state.  In its current state there is no real story you only know that you are moving towards some nebulus goal, theres a mining operation,pirates, an agressive alien race, a strange gooey space alien. Lots of weapons and ship upgrades keeps you playing, dieing and coming back for more.For future updates it would be great to see more ships, more weapons, potentially branching upgrades for weapons as they seem a bit linear."
,Recommended,396750,32208403,Posted: 5 June,all,A Gay Cat,"The game is gorgeous, handles well, has lots of replayability, customizations, etc. Pretty much everything is amazingly well done."
,Recommended,396750,32215657,Posted: 6 June,all,DariusGOD2007,"I got this while still in early access and instantly fell in love with the game!The overall visual, audio and gameplay presentation along with supertight controls and exciting combat left me stunned and addicted.This game is not for everyone, you will die and that is inevitable.BUT, you don't die for nothing!You save all the credits from your run to buy perks which boost your ships performance. In a couple of runs, you'll be flying a totally different beast.As with the Matrix, this game is about choice.- try to get the damn dark matter from the mouth of the singularity and risk dying or leave it alone- attack the neutral G&B faction for resources and risk having them as enemies in the next sector or leave them be- do you search the entire sector for  awesome loot risking the imminent death by Okkar forces or do you simply blaze through sectors?These, and many more choices await.The game is so damn chill when flying around. Background bluesy rock soundtrack fits perfectly with the amazing graphics and presentation of space.Combat is so SO satisfying. First time you take down a corvette, oh man :D You'll see. Give this game a chance, it deserves it!"
,Recommended,396750,32220383,Posted: 6 June,all,TigusVidiks,"Cool rogue space shooter. Amazing graphics provide breath taking vistas in every sector. In each jump you will find a new amazing scenario filled with stations(working and abandoned), asteroids(with and without caves), space stations(friendly and hostile), wrecks(large and small) and of course, lots of enemies. Among it and from it, you will get all forms of loot (weapons, materials, healing).It manages to stay interesting despite the ""start all over"" mechanic  that often causes rogues to become repetitive, by making combat really fun and fresh, with challenging foes in almost every map.Needs more player ships, 3 is not nearly enough to give it longevity. And IMO it could use a few more original/unique events in each run. Perhaps we'll be lucky to see it in the future. Or not.Price without sales seems a little steep for what it is, but there is undeniable quality in this game, and for fans of sci-fi, spaceship shooters, and rogue games, this is a most certainly welcome tittle."
,Recommended,396750,32220418,Posted: 6 June,all,Smoot,"I approve of this game. It's a twitchy FTL. I mean it feels very similar to FTL in teh way you gather resources, build stuff, upgrade stuff and trade stuff but you get to pew pew your guns so that's cool. Took a few runs to get the hang of it then it was good"
76561198257587577,Recommended,396750,32507793,Posted: 17 June,all,KronosPlayz,this game is very fun so far but i dont understand what happens to the loot i get during a run it says it turns to money but the only money i have is what i collect in credits during the run i dont get the sector bonus either it seems
76561198007652631,Recommended,396750,31265579,Posted: 20 April,all,DeepThought™,Playing since Early-Access. Awesome game!
76561198171480123,Recommended,396750,32739343,Posted: 24 June,all,b3rz,"great game, quite good looking visuals, a downside to the game is the awful controller movement. while i did start playing using it, switching to mouse+keyboard changed everything for me.on a side note, it is roguelike so expect repeating stuff and having the feeling of repetitive.only con so far is the UI(at least for 3d PoV) you have no axis reference as you roll around and the indicators for items enemies and allies on the outer edge of the hud are not strong enough, so you lose them in the middle of all the game fx"
,Recommended,396750,32637011,Posted: 22 June,all,Fayt,This game is Really fun and challenging and at the moment the best space game i've played to date. The visuals are also absolutelly stunning overall it's a 9.5/10
,Recommended,396750,32783886,Posted: 25 June,all,ChadSexington,"I haven't had this game for long but I can tell you that it is absolutely worth the buy. Smooth gameplay, smooth graphics, extremely replayable. It's just fun."
,Recommended,396750,32756712,Posted: 24 June,all,maximilianyuen,I can't get the ps4 controller to work right and already refunded. But the dev is being nice and promised to look into it.Plus i mistakenly left a negative review mistooking them for deleting my bug report post so it's only right to leave a positive review to compensate that.
,Recommended,396750,32763963,Posted: 25 June,all,Schoolboy,Great Game even without HOTAS support. bought it and gave it a thumbs up as the Devs are looking into hotas support hopefully my X55 will be part of that support.HOTAS!!!
,Recommended,396750,32907792,Posted: 27 June,all,kingdom18,"If you couldn't get into Elite Dangerous like me, because of the controls, you would probably be able to enjoy this.  Much simpler controls, but still gets a bit getting used too.  I would highly recommend using an M&K because it makes aiming much easier, but I found it also playable with a DS4/X1 controller, I just wouldn't advise using the Steam Controller unless you're able to tweak it to your liking.It takes a bit to get into the game, to the point that you really start to enjoy it, the first two or three hours were a bit of a chore getting used to everything and then dying and having to restart, but once you get acclimated to how it plays and progress to the point that you get some different load outs and blueprints so you don't have to start from scratch completely.Combat can be really fun once you get used to, as is finding new weapons and items, and finding blueprints, mining resources to build weapons etc for you ship.  Though it does feel like it could get repetitive after a while, but that's any game, isn't it?There actually is a story, not something you'd expect for most rogue-likes, it's told as you advance ""sectors"" (maps where in you jump from various tiny areas of space to another, till you get to the end to enter another sector), I found it somewhat interesting so far, only 7 hours in, it's compelling enough to add to the desire to advance.Performance seems pretty good, (i7 860, GTX 960).  I do have the occasional stuttering in certain sectors where there is more going on in the sense of a storm or something.Overall 8/10, would highly recommend."
76561197970754741,Recommended,396750,32841594,Posted: 26 June,all,Boone,"Really great game - good, simple fun.  Would love to try this in VR."
,Recommended,396750,32844672,Posted: 26 June,all,Tater Tot,(Lazy review)Yeah. Awesome. I played while it was still in Beta so my hours are small now... Oh well nobody cares. I love how this game turned out. Honestly I couldn't ask for better(Although I still wish there was some kinda thing where you could do local multiplayer...).
,Recommended,396750,32882475,Posted: 27 June,all,Revv (Lokeet),"I enjoy this game, ai are better shots than i am tho haha"
,Recommended,396750,32789767,Posted: 25 June,all,GHO5TLY,"I'll be frankly. This game is not quite me, BUT this game is a beauty. It looks amazing, plus it has alot of potential for a singeplayer space game. If this game was around 10-15€, then i think the game would be worth it (For me).This game might be great for you, but i personally do not like its playability. It's very much the same over, and over again. Don't take my word for it, but that was how i experienced it.Although, if you're looking for a beautiful game to please your eyes, or take awesome screenshots with, then this game is without doubt, the choice for you.The design and graphic is so well done, it's amazing. I'll recommend it because of the design and graphics, also because it probably has ""playability"" for you, since my taste is abit weird. I'm not much of a singleplayer guy either, but i'll recommend this game anyways."
76561198123518907,Recommended,396750,32814867,Posted: 26 June,all,MrFancyDuck,Fun Space Game runs relativly well if you like rouge likes and space games you will like this game
76561198062151824,Recommended,396750,32839935,Posted: 26 June,all,Light,"10/10 would buy again, fantastic, fun, fast paced space shooter."
76561198040949024,Recommended,396750,32807310,Posted: 26 June,all,Shazarakk,"Challenging at the right moments, great fun, all around nice to play, and a story that's interesting so far.Easily one of the most beautiful games I have ever played.Strongly recommended."
76561198001194174,Recommended,396750,32841781,Posted: 26 June,all,Balgore,"Played this game in VR exclusively, and it is a really great experience.  This was the first seated game I played that also didn't use motion controllers.  I was hesitant at first to ""nerf"" my VR experience, but honestly it's kind of nice not having to stand up and move around so much and is a good break.The graphics are fantasticThe enemies are good in variety and weapon varietyThe upgrading options between rounds is really goodI think the best factor is the abundance of weapon and item types.  Played for 6 hours and still see new stuff I haven't encountered before.Difficulty is hard, I haven't gotten very far even after 6 hours, but I'm okay with that, and do notice an improvement overtime with my skill and strategy.Also love the random map generation every time.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,396750,32304077,Posted: 9 June,all,Lud,"I like it. Good amount of challenge, controls are nicely done, and the game is well optimized. Unforgiving when you die, but you do get better in some way afterwards. Really, my only peeve with the game is when impossible situations arise (i.e. four Okkar corvettes and one Colonial capital ship out of nowhere, one corvette with a jump inhibitor, while having only starter equipment.) Luckily, from personal experience at least, these impossible situations are rare.Overall a good game, definitely has replayability. 9/10."
,Recommended,396750,32353552,Posted: 11 June,all,Zerneas,"This game is quite enjoyable, however, do expect to die a lot, and get frustrated at your lack of aiming skills. This game is difficult, and every mistake is your fault. Even being unable to hit a very weak enemy.  This game will also run on nearly any computer, including my potato. Even on my potato, the visuals are still stunning."
76561197991338229,Recommended,396750,32258954,Posted: 7 June,all,PAK-9,Excellent space combat roguelite.
76561198006672799,Recommended,396750,32247681,Posted: 7 June,all,Hyndis,"Its a bit like Descent meets a roguelite.Your ship isn't Newtonian. It starts and stops quite easily, and you can rotate around in place using controls similar to Descent. You'll spend some times in tight interior environments in your spaceship, so this level of tight maneuvering is critical. Point your guns with your mouse and maneuver your ship with WASD. You can also move up and down in addition to forwards, strafe left, strafe right, and reverse. Q and E allow you to roll your ship left or right.Guns have a small level of aim assist. Instant fire guns do not require leading your target, but if you're using weapons with any sort of travel time you do need to lead your target. Fortunately there's a target reticle indicating how far you should lead. Aim there and your guns will lock on, allowing you to hit the target but only so long as you keep pointing them at the reticle.Loot is plentiful. Most of it will end up as scrap, but scrap can be used for crafting. You can craft everything from gatling guns to missiles to consumable items to passive devices, such as ablative armor. Items can be upgraded. You'll unlock blueprints for upgrades through each playthrough, though the upgrade itself will be gone. You can always rebuild it next time around.Blueprints are persistent between deaths. Pick up a blueprint to increase weapon fire rate and you will have unlocked that permanently. Before heading out into space again you'll have the opportunity to spend any earned money on persistent perks, such as more power for your ship or being able to scout ahead on the map.Combat reminds me a lot of the old TIE Fighter and X-Wing games, which isn't a bad thing at all.The game is also gorgeous. Its straight up space scenery porn."
,Recommended,396750,32298216,Posted: 9 June,all,Cylence2Pro,"despite the fact that this is an amazing rougelike space adventure shooter, i cannot handle the constant erasing of my save files, and untill this bug is fixed, i will have to say it isnt worth the money"
,Recommended,396750,32293316,Posted: 9 June,all,TH3xR34P3R,Great game to just zone out and do some space combat in whilst you save up for the upgrades on each run and see how far you can go.
,Not Recommended,396750,25610250,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,do not touch borf,"it's not a challenging game, it's a game that sends 50 enemies after you at onceartificial difficulty/10"
,Recommended,396750,33018798,Posted: 29 June,all,Akkarin,"Easy to get the way of the gameplay, can even be a little tough sometimes but always fun.In one run you will go until sector 6 and die, then in the next you go just till the 2º and blow your ship.Each run can be unique for its scenario or the enemys there."
76561197975275390,Recommended,396750,31000855,Posted: 7 April,all,[Pepe] Busta Baxta,"Fixed the bug that started my Vive even if I didn't want to play it in VR. This game is ok, get it on sale."
,Recommended,396750,31822967,Posted: 18 May,all,HowToDude,"very fun, smooth, nice and satisfying sounds! great game!"
,Recommended,396750,31548922,Posted: 4 May,all,123,good
,Recommended,396750,31554857,Posted: 5 May,all,cosmos359,"Beautiful, smooth graphics.  Fun challenge each time out.  It's Descent in space with the added ability to gather materials and craft.  Good arcade fun with simple controls."
,Recommended,396750,25553116,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,_Error,"One of the best, if not the bes, rouge likes out there. AND ITS STILL IN BLOODY EARLY ACCESS.This could be sold as a full game and it would have more content than many of the games you see out there. Whilst the core gameplay is very similar on each run, the small random variety that the game provides has kept it interesting. No two runs are the same. Imagine the binding of isaac in space. Thats the kind of vibe this games got going for it.Also, this is hands down the single best looking game on PC right now. Even though its not photo realistic, the art style and detail in the models is unparallelled. The game is also incredibly well optimised. I am able to run on maxed out settings with no frames below 60 on a gtx 1060.TL/DR - BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!"
76561198360760533,Recommended,396750,29661326,Posted: 2 February,all,glumstruck,This game is excellent.
,Recommended,396750,33744944,Posted: 23 July,all,Cephy,"Great game!lots of collectables such as ships, perks, upgrades, blueprints, glyphs, subsystems and more. High replay value space orgeon trail game.Challenging AI:Normal mode is quite hard, hard mode is brutal but rewarding once you get your flying/evading up to par.Controller compatible:Both keyboard and gamepad controls feel very smooth and easy to get used to. Fast paced shootouts will put your skills to the test.VR compatible:I don't own VR but for those that do, enjoy!Beautiful environments:The stages are awesome, there's a few environmental hazzards as well such as solar radiation/flare blasts or singularities.  The ancient stages in my option always look the best, though there are a couple not to far behind that pick as again,this game is beautiful.Gameplay:Sometimes the containers will spawn in very confined or awkward places, nothing a decant pilot can't reach though. Some stages will have almost like little mini challenges to complete for a reward, other stages can have a quest for you as well. Traders and other things can spawn in some stages along your journey too. The AI can seem a bit over the top at first, but once you get used to zippin around and boosting turns it gets a bit easir... Until you play hard mode haha.Conclusion:9/10 Only reason I didn't give it 10/10 is because I ran cheat engine all over this game and got most of the stuff quite fast and it ruined the replay value haha. Other than that it's a great game, would highly recommend if you are into space shooter/adventure games.TL/DRGo buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥if you are into space shooters, you won't be dissapointed!"
76561198040922721,Recommended,396750,33704287,Posted: 21 July,all,Depraved_Turtle,"Have you ever played FTL:Faster Than Light and thought, ""Damn this would be ♥♥♥♥ing sweet as an arcade shooter."" Well friends that is exactly what this game is. Buckle up and prepare yourself for unlucky jumps that land you in the middle of hell as you fight you way across 4 sectors to successfully complete a run. Earn credits to upgrade your pilot and your ship.While gathering resources is pretty tedious it is an essential part of this game. The strategy you take to navigate the sectors is almost more important than the combat skills you used to kill enemies.I strongly reccomend this game and I really hope they add the 2 additional ships from the FTL Advanced Edition."
76561197981403990,Recommended,396750,33879069,Posted: 29 July,all,Kaos|Boboso,"It's pretty cool.  Like everyone else says, it's a roguelike and doesn't fly like a good sim.  Beautiful graphics but I expected better combat than simply strafing.  You can try it with a controller but it's kind of counter intuitive.  HOTAS support isn't there and that is my biggest complaint.It isn't worth more than $15 IMO.  Grab only on sale."
76561197972597676,Recommended,396750,33896606,Posted: 29 July,all,The Sisko,"Simply stated, I love this game.Im a big fan of the tie fighter/x-wing series, pilotwings, as well as Descent: Freespace and Everspace scratches the itch in the same way those games did. Great soundtrack as well, pairs very well with the aesthetic. Comes across as a blend of Bsg's Bear Mccreary and some john williams space opera stuff."
,Recommended,396750,33887673,Posted: 29 July,all,[33rd] WillE,"I usually don't write these, but this game has impressed me so much I couldn't help myself. This has been sitting in my inventory ever since I saw Captain Richard streaming the early access on steam. It took me forever to actually fire it up. Once I did I was blown away by how fun it is. It is indeed easy to pick up and play. The action is top notch and no playthrough is the same. Everything that was promised was delivered which is more than what could be said for most early access titles."
,Recommended,396750,33892264,Posted: 29 July,all,Bdav,"Great rogue light, well balanced, amazing visual."
,Recommended,396750,34085883,Posted: 7 August,all,jOrA,"You are in space and you are alone. Your only goal is to reach a secret lab and save yourself.An interesting game about space. Never ending game, you can keep going through sectors over and over again. Biggest positive is a variety of upgrades for character and ship as well as lots of weapons and equipment.The only problem with the game is that it doesn't have a lot of ships, only 3. Another small thing that it's very luck dependent. sometimes you can die straight away because of poor luck and sometimes you can reach very far just by being lucky. Although I think this makes the game interesting."
,Recommended,396750,34094020,Posted: 7 August,all,Balros (echoen),"Great fun! Great story, good gameplay. Got a little repetitive near the end but after the last mission and I flew off into the stars, I felt satisfied with my 50 hours."
76561198066147532,Recommended,396750,34114429,Posted: 8 August,all,Forgenvash,"I've only played a few hours of this, but I want to point out the big thing Everspace has over other sapce sims I've played, like Elite Dangerous: it's freaking FUN to use. There's a movement tutorial, but honestly, it's barely needed: other than  rolling, you'll figure it all out immediately, and after crashing into a rock a few times you'll get a great handle for combat maneuvering. Once you do, it's incredibly slick and responsive to use, and whether it's a ""realistic"" depiction of space flight or not, it definitely IS what you always dreamed flying through space would be like.And not only that, but it makes space feel full in a way that other games haven't done for me. You'll have dogfights in asteroid fields, navigate not just around but inside of space bases, use cover to your advantage (or disadvantage, as crashing is a very real deal in these scenarios). So not only do you have high maneuverability in all directions, but you have all sorts of ways to make use of that beyond just dogfight acrobatics.In short: if you like zooming around and making tight turns more than you like the realism of having to manually decelerate, you'll love this game."
76561198031489637,Recommended,396750,35108706,Posted: 21 September,all,YODA'sDream,"I have quickly fallen in love with EVERSPACE. I am addicted to the combat, music and survival elements of the game."
76561197997794666,Recommended,396750,35091055,Posted: 20 September,all,Tikigod,Excellent Procedural Generation Space Shooter.  Highly Recommend.  Very replayable.  Never play same designed level twice.
,Recommended,396750,32079941,Posted: 31 May,all,nick,"Great gameplay loop with some amazing graphics and solid controls.If you're buying it specifically for VR don't bother, the current implementation is not up to par. On a Nvidia 1080 it will run at 45 FPS 90% of the time."
76561198088388557,Recommended,396750,35195602,Posted: 24 September,all,Cortland00,Amazing Space Combat
76561198088862696,Recommended,396750,34969878,Posted: 15 September,all,Malformed_Thots,"It's a great game with a story that makes me want to see what's next. I love the rogue-like elements, I think they're well done. Haven't gotten far enough to know, but I hope there's a way to improve the sensors in terms of range and power. Maybe make it so that I can see items outline through objects. Performs well.Wishful thoughts~~~~~~~~~~~~~Needs to be opened up to modding on the workshop though. I'd love to see fan made ships.Mouse control isn't the greatest. Needs enemy tracking support, aim-assist if you want, like the controller has. Could go away with sensor damage?"
76561198020027165,Recommended,396750,35232864,Posted: 26 September,all,Havoc SC,"Ok- My first thought was Star Citizen's Arena commander, but Arcade. seeing how it was Star Citizen that was advertising this game. I gave it a shot.- Playing on normal settings, this game was hard at first.- I never saw a Glyph or subsytem till past my 25th attempt.- RNGesus was a real jerk. once i got 3 items the game was no longer a challenge on Normal. assuming i could find the mats to build them, this is also RNG."
76561197970906153,Recommended,396750,30319176,Posted: 4 March,all,proxythotz,"Great Game! Beautiful Graphics, Fun and easy enough to use for casual play. Difficult enough to keep you challenged.Alas, it's disappointing for the Hardcore Flight Simmer guys with joysticks that this game seems to be solely targetting console gaming because:THIS SPACE SIM GAME DOES NOT SUPPORT JOYSTICKS.Or really, any other devices for Flight sims, like; Track IR, Hotas, Rudder Pedals etc... So unless you want ot fly with your keyboard and mouse, forget mapping your controls because Everspace lacks both axis assignment options and the ability to choose what buttons do what. This means all pilots are stuck with ether using keyboard/mouse or they can choose between two Xbox/Playstation Controller schemes with pre-defined button layouts only.So if you are like me and have Joysticks, Hotas, or any other flight stick type Peripherals and want to use them, or just want to switch what a couple of the buttons on your gamepad do, Stay away from this title!If this EverChanges, I'll give EverSpace a thumbs up. until then, thumbs down.___________________________________________________________*********************UPDATE****************************************************************Everspace now supports changing your controller layouts AND has also implemented HOTAS support!Great work Guys! Prepare for some PEW PEW!!"
76561198000604605,Recommended,396750,34865551,Posted: 10 September,all,Kenshin,"Great space fighter sim in the vein of freelancer and with roguelite elements. Lots of options to customise your ships, both before and in the middle of a run - in terms of weapons reusable devices with cooldowns and further modifiers, which allows for lots of variety and replayability. The controls are responsive and the ships, while fast, handle well - which is important, as the game really punishes you for bumping into stuff. Decent enemy variety as well, once you learn the basics  they're not that much of a threat, but the rogue-like RNG will put you in some challenging situations.Overall, had a great time with this game and would recommend to anyone who would like an action packed space-sim."
,Recommended,396750,34828570,Posted: 8 September,all,Gentoo Linux,"Quick Overview:I always loved playing nethack and was super excited to see what Everspace had in store. (as well as FTL/DeadCells etc etc).Awesomeness:Beautiful gameController support for couch playSolid ReplayabiltyUnforgiving if you make a bad call, really makes you thinkIssues:Not enough reasons to keep playing after a whileFull Overview:Disclaimer: Last time I played was when it was still in Early Access, and was waiting until Linux support was out before I picked it up again, as it requires Direct X 11, which is not supported by WINEWhile I've only sunk only a little bit of hours in this game I've done about 50 runs total and reset my profile twice during that time. Just so I could enjoy the new features the devs pushed out such as story line and to hear the charismatic navigator talk about how badly I'm doing :P As I bought it while it was Early Access. Its been very fun to see the shape change.My first run was brutal, after sinking many hours into turn based console dungeon crawler, I'm a pro, I know what I'm doing. I jumped into my ship, chose the hardest difficulty and ... got obliterated within the first 10 minutes.My second run I chose normal and unlocked some blueprints, got some cash and managed to upgrade a few skills.Slowly but surely I felt like I was accomplishing something. Sometimes I'd get cocky and blow it on Sector 2. Sometimes make it to Sector 7, realise too late I never got any serious DPS weapons and end up taking on a cruiser and chump it.Other times, I'd jump into easy difficulty and end up just chilling in a sector, feeling how peaceful it is, scavenge around for some scrap, craft and enjoy the flight.The fact that they have now brought the game to Linux as well and the devs are still putting work into fixing any bugs, makes a huge difference compared to other games. You honestly feel like the devs care about their product.Issues I personally have:The fact that its rouge like also can make it tedious. I actually stopped playing because I didn't feel compelled to unlock everything. While this may have been because the story was not out yet, or just not compelling enough for me to believe in it, I'm not certain. Or the fact that I keep choosing hard mode and die on sector 6 or 7 when I get curious about what happens when you see a black hole.you die, dumbass (I rage quit on that run)After a while I didn't feel like each sector/area had enough variety. I feltlike I was doing the same run over and over again. This is something that Ihope will be fixed in future releases.Summary:Everspace brings dog-fighting space battles to VR/PC/Linux. With a stunning space landscape where I've lost at least an hour trying to take that sweet screenshot.Even with its faults I'd still rate it a solid 9/10.Probably 8.5/10 without the fanboy boggles on. But its still super fun!Lost half a point for iffy story, and not enough variety of space debris, ports, trading posts, etc."
,Recommended,396750,33678785,Posted: 20 July,all,LeChuck,"The game looks gorgeous in VR now, with colorful sharp visuals and great performance on a GTX980ti."
,Recommended,396750,35268977,Posted: 28 September,all,itburnb,"This is primarily a linear rogue-lite game, not an open world space-sim/rpg.  With that said, the graphics are great, the controls are amazing, the story is more interesting than I expected and the combat is spot on.  The main problem is that the game gets very repetitive very fast.  If you don't mind grinding a lot, then you'll love this.  I think it's a solid buy at 15$."
76561198032330358,Recommended,396750,35431093,Posted: 2 October,all,nazdoom,The first game that i play where dying get you furthur in the storyline.
