user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,396900,20985089,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fifth_Quarter,"1st race: I blew it. Stone cold last, 10th place,2nd race: Getting the feel for it, 8th place,3rd race: It all came flooding back from Rollcage. I was in the frae from the start to end, jostling for position with missiles going over head, cars driving above me, machine guns disrupting my steering, explosions blasting competitors out of the way and that unmistakable bleeping of a missile locking on to me,  it was 4 laps of my heart going as fast as my car, huge smile on my face, action packet, 400kph combat racing. This is what the game is about, ow and I got 3rd place."
,Recommended,396900,30829716,Posted: 30 March,all,King Megascience,"In the modern world of gaming, a lot of venerated video game genres have died a slow death - most notably the 90s platformer.Another genre that suffered the same fate was the combat racer.And just like the 90s platformer, the combat racer has risen from the grave with GRIP.I did not grow up in the heyday of these games - I was four years old when Rollcage was released, and the most combat-est of a racing game I played was the PS2's Rumble Racing (which was amazing).For the longest time, I have been searching for a racing game that was not an uber-realism Gran Turismo wannabe, and here it is. It saddens me when I ask someone if they enjoy racing games, and they say 'no, I don't like Forza or Project CARS'. There is so much more to the genre than having the highest polycount vehicle model.This is a racing game for people who don't usually play racing games. It's easy to learn but difficult to master. You can play it for 10 minutes, or 100. It's versatile, loud, engaging, and strikes the perfect balance of inducing righteous fury at the guy who hit you with a missile while not making you so angry you quit the game.Most importantly - it's fun to lose.For myself, who grew up with Rumble Racing, Motorstorm, Test Drive: Eve of Destruction, and Jak X, I can immediately see that the developers care about what they are doing. The music is amazing, the environments are stunning, the motion blur is excellent, the particle effects are the right mix of sensibility and EXPLOSION. Each sound and visual is tailored so that you know exactly what is happening on screen. As your vehicle gets more damaged, your HUD begins to lose integrity in a fantastically thematic way. The vehicles feel meaty and weighty, and you rarely feel like a crash was the fault of the physics engine.EDIT: Okay, not rarely. Usually. The physics engine is the devs' current main focus, and while it's come a long way, your car will still do some wacky things on occasion.It is in early access, so there are bugs. There is an excellent forum for reporting, and bugs are constantly being fixed by the dev team.We need to prove to the world that games that aren't MOBAs, arena shooters, or freemium microtransaction stores can SUCCEED. Buy this game, and invest in both the future of the game industry and the future of your procrastination time simultaneously."
76561197994827301,Recommended,396900,21356443,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Apterous,rollcage 2016
,Recommended,396900,20984336,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TransistorN,"This is a spiritual successor to the ""Rollcage"" series from the late 1990's/early 2000's, which means that if you liked Rollcage, you'll absolutely love this, and if you've never played Rollcage but like fast-paced combat racers focused on skill, you're at least certain to like this a lot. Think Trackmania mixed with Mariokart mixed with Rocket League, and you pretty much have this series of games, it's challenging, fun, addicting, and generally just really, really good. It's got online multiplayer planned, and unlike most other modern PC games, it also has splitscreen multiplayer available.I see that some people complain that the game's currently too hard, which is something I disagree with. Like most other racing games, the tracks themselves are bigger foes than your opponents. The difference being that this game, just like it's predecessors, kick this up a notch through a combination of neckbreaking speeds, tunnels, and obstacles that require skill, timing and precision to avoid in an efficient manner, but of course this becomes harder when the racers in front of you plant mines for you and the other competitors to hit, and the ones behind you fire various projectiles your way. It won't hold your hand, and nor should it. It'll be hard when you first start playing, sure, but this only ensures it being a satisfying experience once you've gained the skills required. I will admit that I find the game a bit too easy at the moment, if anything. In it's current state, the AI's pretty stupid and will do many mistakes, and the tracks themselves aren't particularly hard to master either (explained by the fact that only ""Easy"" and ""Medium"" difficulty tracks are currently available, with only one of the tracks being relatively finished). One thing to note however is that the controls currently in place adds some difficulty that wasn't present in the older games; the steering feels a bit clumsy and unresponsive, which is something I hope and think will get fixed fairly soon.It's also got a really stable technical foundation, beautiful graphics, and great performance, I've tried it on different hardware ranging from a relatively ""low-end"" gaming system with an AMD A10 7850K coupled with an Nvidia GTX 560, and a ""higher-mid-end"" system with an Intel i5 4690K coupled with an Nvidia GTX 970, and it runs really well on both, with the latter system running it with max settings in 1920x1080 with ease, making it a gem compared to most other graphically advanced early access titles.The sound design is also really good, with satisfying 3D effects and feedback, albeit it's suffering from some glitches at the moment (certain explosions and bullet impacts sounding as if they're right next to you, even though they're happening at the other side of the track), but minor quirks like that are to be expected in such an early stage of development, and the developers are working on a fix.As long as you like Drum & Base, it's also got an absolutely killer soundtrack.The developers are perfect for this game, not only because some of them worked on the previous games, but also because they listen to and interact with the player base, not only on the Steam forums, but on their own forums as well, making sure reported problems get fixed, and popular suggestions get implemented.I think most of the success about this launch is thanks to the fact that these developers work out of passion. This whole thing started out of love for the original games, and even though their kickstarter campaign failed horribly due to a lack of attention, they still fought on and got it into a working state, as opposed to quite a lot of EA developers out to make a quick buck by catering to popular genres, and then more or less abandoning the project once a satisfiable amount of money has been made.Oh, and if everything goes according to plan, which I have no doubt it will, we will also get modding tools allowing players to create their own cars and tracks.So, TL;DR:+ Fun, addicting gameplay+ Splitscreen support+ Great sound design+ Amazing soundtrack (If you like DnB)+ The rare combination of good graphics and great performance+ Awesome developers that are actually passionate about their work and release good while listening to and interacting with the community (I.E how Early Access should work)+ IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING ROLLCAGE- The AI's currently a bit too easy/stupid- The steering's currently a bit unresponsive- Some minor glitches"
76561198250544676,Recommended,396900,23983906,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,jb2097,"What is GRIP? to paraphrase the great 21st century singer Lionel Richie:""oh....what a feeling.....when you're driving on the ceiling""THE SHORT REVIEW:If you have fond memories of an old game called Rollcage then you will love this - it's pretty much the same game, by the same developers.THE LONG REVIEW:If you've never heard of Rollcage it will be tough to describe just how nuts this game is......1)   It's frighteningly fast racing2)   You can drive up walls....and on the ceiling.....3)   It doesn't matter whether your car flips over, and ends up upside down - it just keeps on driving4)   You can maneuver it in the air5)   As if dealing with defying gravity at speeds which will make your eyes bleed wasn't enough - you also have various                weapons to attack other drivers with. And they don't hesitate in using them on you......Between the sexy graphics, blistering speed, intense sound effects, pumping electronic musica and general mayhem, it's enough to leave you feeling a bit woozy.At this point that's the only downer with GRIP - as much as it's sensory overload for your brain, it's also a little bit more than the camera can keep up with at times. However that can be easily fixed as the game develops. This is otherwise pretty polished for Early Access, though considering they previously developed two Rollcage games that's hardly surprising as this is, well, Rollcage in all but name.The content is a bit small at the moment, and online play isn't implemented yet, but the early signs are very encouraging. And it's super fun......but sick bags are not included with a purchase of the game. Now, if you'll excuse me - I need to lie down, as the room is spinning......"
76561198140299850,Recommended,396900,31001580,Posted: 7 April,all,foofaraw,"[EDIT: 9/2017 - Basic race mode no longer includes weapons. A welcome change. Thank you.]Though GRIP is now more than a year old, I can recall only the vaguest memory of it before its current multiplayer iteration. And that is a great shame, since it’s quite a remarkable game. This week it’s my favorite (non-pinball) game, and that’s even including some wonderful racing/driving games. But it’s not perfect...(For this review, I consider SINGLE-PLAYER only. At least for now.)GRIP, as the Store Page indicates, is a futuristic racing game, taking place on other planets with a varied selection of technologically advanced vehicles. What really makes these “cars” stand out….they can’t land wrong! (Other than backwards.) Because of design, whatever side they land on is the bottom, and they can instantly GO!!!...reaching speeds of about 600 MPH (1,000 KPH.) Of course, at those speeds, steering requires some substantial degree of precision, and even a small bump (or impact) can send a car HUNDREDS of feet into the air........!What makes GRIP special? You don’t have to be a great driver-gamer to have fun, or even to do well. While an experienced driver will certainly have an edge (especially with “newbie buttons” turned off), unlike most racing games, any player should outright WIN some percentage of races. And there’s even a “bail-out” button; holding the “respawn” button will get you back in the race with little time or distance lost, almost no matter the situation you may be in.GRIP is hard to explain. The vehicles basically “stick” to the track, so players will often find themselves traveling at high speeds……completely upside down. And that's often not obvious until something goes wrong, and gravity instantly takes control.The GRIP tracks are beautifully designed for functionality, as well as appearance. The Store Page trailers and screenshots say more than my words can begin to express (so I won’t try, except to say that what they add to the game can’t be measured.) Most tracks offer shortcuts that may offer an advantage….. if you dare! I expect to still be discovering new nooks and crannies for quite some time.The GRIP cars offer features very specific to players’ driving styles. Fortunately, I quickly found a car that suits beginning drivers (such as myself); slower, but with maximum control (and at average speeds of 250 – 300 MPH, good to have.) None of the cars are locked (and in fact, nothing in GRIP is locked at this point.) But none of the cars can be upgraded either. Yes, their color and rims can be changed (yawn), as can the tires. But does a tire change alter performance? Hard to say, and GRIP isn’t talking (that I could find.)The GRIP game modes are pretty standard. Simple racing (yet with weapons. Strange.....), battle racing, elimination racing and best time with one player only. For beginners, I’d strongly suggest the time trials. Being on the course alone is the best way to learn the tracks. (Although just being thrown unto an unknown track with nine other racers has a certain undeniable, desperate charm as well!) There are also two Deathmatch arenas and something referred to as “Carkour” that one presumes to be a form of car parkour. I have little experience with either.While GRIP’s best features speak for themselves (and LOUDLY so!), there are some less fortunate aspects that should be noted:While the tracks available are great, there aren’t very many of them, and almost half of them are simply reversals.Almost everything about each race is GREAT! But then what? There is no type of progression (at least for single player.) Presumably, much of the reason is that there are so many variables, possibilities and options, it would be difficult to create a standardized system of progression. Yet, it takes much out of the game (in this player’s opinion) to go nowhere. For example, currently in battle races, the final scoreboard has to wait for all racers to complete to finish calculating (even if you're last), which often never happens, no matter how long one waits. But the player soon realizes; So what if there’s no final score posted? It would serve no purpose in GRIP’s current form.Pickups are basically a “learn as you go” process, as well as studying the controller settings to try to understand how to use them. There’s nothing even remotely like a tutorial, and that would be VERY helpful (at least for beginners.) Which is a weapon? Which is a tool? What do the symbols mean? How do you use them?GRIP’s battle system is weak. Some weapons have little purpose, are badly utilized by the controller, and come with no explanation. (In fact, the only difference between the regular race and battle race is the final scoring method. This seems inexcusable.) The notification of points scored is almost meaningless. (Who did what, and to whom? Green text? Red text? Which name first…or second?)Personally, I find techno music lacks the sort of heart-pounding intensity I would choose for such immersive racing, but players have the option to race to their own music as well.The cameras can behave unpredictably, especially if you happen to get turned around, or are involved in a collision. And more camera choices really need to be considered.Best scores aren't stored. What's your best time on time trials? Your best Battle race score on a certain track? Once you leave that mode, it's gone forever.While GRIP has many changes to consider (some of which will be dealbreakers for many gamers), it’s still a fun game with lots of potential at a reasonable price. If these changes are made, this could be a top tier game. Otherwise, it’s still a fun game, just not with the power to keep most players’ attention for an extended period of time. (NOT written as a criticism, simply as an observation of a VERY competitive genre I've spent a respectable amount of time in.)Thank you."
,Recommended,396900,32742777,Posted: 24 June,all,Vermithrax,"Rollcage is back. ROLLCAGE IS BAAAAAAACK!!!! If you liked the old games on the PS1, then you should enjoy this. It has its little glitches and bugs, but it isn't finished and yet it's very playable. The Soundtrack rips butt, too and the graphics are okay. I've even heard there are ex-Rollcage programmers on the dev team. If you can live with that go for it."
,Recommended,396900,26194916,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,malefic.max,"My goddess, it is the best racing game that I've played for a 10 years (or more)!+ Speed!+ Action!!+ Weapons!!!+ Wall riding!!!!+ Arena mode!!!!+ Ceiling riding!!!!!+ SplitScreen mode!!!!!!!WTF, you still did not buy it?! You need it!OK, it is still in development. It has nearly 4 unique race tracks (both ways + mirrored = much more) and two arenas. It has multiplayer testing! And in fact it seems to be technically finished in about 90% and needs more tracks and vehicles and that means it needs your money!And it needs one more thing. It's YOU, player! Go get it, play it, register in it's forum and discuss all you like and don't and I am sure, we will have a perfect racing game in a year or less!"
76561198110856494,Recommended,396900,29552640,Posted: 28 January,all,Adm,The perfect Rollcage successor.
76561198117268329,Recommended,396900,22242506,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Shiny Chariot,"Racing games have sucked lately, people seem to be focusing on realisim over actual fun. Gear switching n stuff like ugh who cares. It's about time we get a combat racer like burnout or vigilante 8.But GRIPOh gripJesus H ♥♥♥♥in Chrst GripI used to play a bit of rollcage on the PC and man was it fun. Find out that this GRIP game exists, and is made by the samedevs caught my eye.  And it's insane.I go in the game, and just FOOOM, SWOOSH, PEW PEW PEW, ALLUAH AKBAR ♥♥♥♥in ISIS WET DREAM IN DIS ♥♥♥♥♥. MAD MAX GOT♥♥♥♥♥♥ON THIS GAME. Racing even with the AI is both intense, fun, difficult and makes you want to play more. Ovbs this aint a game that you will spend your entire life on, but man is it fun.Although i do have a few comments, the steering is okay. It feels like it's a little resistant but not game breaking.Also hitting things are really painful not because you hit them, but because its a struggle to wiggle back into the race.Other than that no complaints, knowing the devotion of these people towards the project, the fairly frequent updates I have to say this is a E.A game that I was happy to put money into.If you want to fund a combat racer look no further. GRIP is one of those games that takes a simple premise and expands on it without it being too gimmicky and creating a skill curve that is fairly impressionable."
,Recommended,396900,20942858,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,dodo667418,"My review is based on the following version: Pre-Alpha Early Access v1.0.6.0I haven't played all that much of the game yet, but what I've played was fantastic! First things first: GRIP definitely has the ""Early Access feel"" to it. There currently is only one proper vehicle (though in several color variations), there are not that many tracks yet, my controller doesn't work in the menus and it's a pain to change some settings like resolution. There are also some glitches and bugs I've experienced, plus the physics and collisions don't always feel on point. Yes, this is in Early Access and very much feels like it, so those of you who want an absolutely polished, content-rich game should probably wait out.Now on to the things GRIP has in store and already makes right - it is ridiculously fun and addictive! I never played the original Roll Cage, but I quickly fell in love with the concept. It's mad fun driving on the walls and on the ceiling and makes for a very dynamic gameplay. The controls, while a little tricky at first, feel tight. Just as tricky can be the car's behaviour on ramps and during landings playing it for the first time, but it's easy to get used to the physics. The sense of speed is in full effect, though it rarely feels like actually driving 400+ km/h ;) Still a fantastic feeling to drive past all opponents when the nitrous pickup kicks in! Speaking of pickups: The current selection of pickups offers the typical variants that I expect from such a car combat game. Nitrous, mines, shields, short-range miniguns as well as chasing rockets. Each pickup can help tremendously when used right, but also be wasted when the usage is timed badly. A great feature that compliments the pickup weapons well is the function to manually activate slow-motion. You can pull off very cinematic sequences with enemies losing control because of you shooting at him, causing him to drive up a rock, spinning uncontrollably in the air - all in awesome slo-mo! The game does a good job at presenting all the action that is caused by the sly tracks, by the use of pickups and by the AI drivers. I quite like all of the three AI presets that this game has to offer. But GRIP is tense even on the easiest difficulty, as a simple screwup or a well timed hit by an enemy in the last section of a track usually results in losing several spots.Let's talk about content, that is not too shabby considering the EA state. There are three game modes available that contain different maps and tracks. Race is my favorite and currently contains three tracks. Two of those are more or less finished as far as I can tell, with the third one being in an early work in progress state - still being lots of fun already though. Players have several options to setup the action on the tracks. Along with the difficulty setting there are options to disable pickups, to configure the number of laps (2,4 or 8) and the number of combatants (6,8 or 10). On top of that, the engine power can experimentally be raised and a catch-up assist can be enabled. I really like this option for a rubberbanding AI, as it can be easy to mess up and loose the opponents. This option helps catching up on the enemies to ensure a tense race. Arena has all the same options and sees all the combatants trying to damage and eventually frag each other. Once again, there are three levels ready, with one being an experimental early build. Both Arena and Race seem to ultimately get 12 tracks each, which I would be totally fine with. I'm having so much fun on every single one of the available maps that I'm sure that the others will be equally great. Next up is the mode Playground, that has the player collect some orbs spread across a huge, you guessed it, playground and just mess around with the vehicle and lots of ramps and walls. The devs apparently want this mode to have three playgrounds, with one already available. Greyed out for now is the Time Trial mode, which I guess will pretty much be Race without the opponents. Not there yet but hinted at already is ""Grip League"". As the devs want to add online functionality with a future update, I figure this will be a competititve online league. Lastly, there already is a splitscreen mode for two players in place with the same modes and options as in solo play, minus Playground. Great fun for some couch competitiveness, with four player splitscreen already announced as well. So all in all, I wouldn't call the content sparse, though it's also not packed with lots of vehicles and tracks...yet. The content as of today is solid for EA and there are many great things in prospect.The soundtrack consists of some great Drum'n'Bass tunes that fit amazingly well to the action and always get me pumped. Graphically, it looks pretty good. Even though the early version tracks might look a little barren, the game overall looks good in motion. I'd even call it pretty on the most barebone graphical settings. It has a decent amount of settings in this department, ranging from FXAA and TXAA as Anti-Aliasing solutions to object quality, effects, shadow, post process and texture quality settings. Playing on a R9 390, I5 6600K, 8GB RAM at 1440p, I use most settings at their highest choice and get a decent performance that sits well above 60 FPS for most of the time. I feel that the higher effects settings cost a lot of performance, so I leave that on Low and it still looks really good. Performance is pretty consistent, though the game might dip when lots of opponents are on screen next to explosions. With my slightly lowered settings, I keep the dips at a small pace though. Once again, considering the EA state, I'm impressed with both the looks and the performance.I absolutely love what I've played so far and immediately wanna get back into the combat madness! The main concept is brilliant and well executed. The content is okay-ish, with much more on the horizon though. There are some smaller issues that still scream ""Early Access"", but nothing that really comes in the way of having fun. If you are even slightly interested in what you are seeing and fine with content being gradually rolled out, go for it! Now! And thank me later :)"
76561198052427493,Recommended,396900,34892320,Posted: 11 September,all,Only Mostly Here,"Rollcage was pretty much my childhood, and I think the squee when I learned this was on its way might have deafened everyone on my street.How does it look?GRIP goes for a somewhat 'realistic', gritty visual style and I'd say it pulls it off quite well. With races playing out across a wide variety of sci-fi settings, it manages to make them look pretty convincing. Though you can spot some less-than-incredible textures if you stop and scrutinise every rock or building, in motion everything looks glorious. Wheels kick up dust or snow where applicable, missiles create very satisfying fireballs and damaged cars leave a spectacularly excessive trail of flame in their wake. The car designs of course take their basis from Rollcage, with wheels taller than the body. A lot of effort has gone into making them look more believable, with most wheels actually floating off the axle - a blue glow implying some magnetic trickery going on.How does it sound?In keeping with the aim of replicating the feel of classic racers, the soundtrack is primarily made up of drum 'n' bass from contemporary artists, and it works extremely well. There's a good variety of pieces, though they're randomly selected at the start of a race - meaning they're not specifically designed for or matched to any particular ingame track or environment. Regardless, it's good listening and fits the game perfectly. Sound effects are a mixed bag. On the whole everything works, some effects are excellent - you really feel it when an assassin missile impacts for example. However, a lot of sounds - including important things like some of the cars' engines - are placeholder thanks to the game's early access nature. One car's engine is often barely audible, while the recently-added inbuilt boost sounds somewhat pathetic when activated. There are some really nice touches though, such as echo effects when passing through cave areas.How does it play?As a whole, Grip can feel quite sluggish at times. A conscious decision has been made to give the cars the feeling of a lot of weight, which is fair enough. Unfortunately that means acceleration can be painfully slow and turning tends to have a lot of understeer, leading to frustration when the car just doesn't make the turn. This is in stark contrast to its spiritual predecessor, in which the vehicles felt almost weightless. Once you come to terms with Grip's handling, though, it's not bad at all - although classic arcade-style drifting isn't really an option thanks to the understeery model, there's plenty of room for skill in taking optimal lines. The game's big gimmick, the ability to drive on walls and ceilings, works a treat, with transitions being perfectly smooth and tracks making creative use of it. The 'launch' ability allows cars to jump quite a height, and opens up even more possibilities for shenanigans - though I feel it runs the risk of being too much of an extraneous gimmick. Although the vast majority of the time the game behaves very well, there is an unfortunate and long-standing bug which can cause cars to suddenly stop or bounce violently for seemingly no reason. Hopefully this gets squashed, as it is common enough to be frustrating.The 'combat' part of the combat racer moniker comes with the wide - and still widening - array of powerups at racers' disposal. Appearing as green holograms at predetermined points on the track, pickups will grant one of many weapons and tools for either making someone else's life miserable or making your own more comfortable. Missile hits will blast cars clean off the track, while the 'Ram Raider' generates a repulsive field around your car, pushing adversaries away. The chaos that can ensue when a pack of cars is vying for position is remarkable. There is some limited interplay between powerups - the 'Raptor' machinegun can be used to destroy mines while a barrier shield can protect racers from attacks from behind. Planned for the future is destructible scenery, with the first steps towards that goal being already present on one of the tracks.Track variety is already quite good, with ten ingame spread across the four environments. There are a couple of arenas to support the deathmatch game mode and a large number of 'carkour' maps that rigorously test your control of the cars. As stated earlier, good use is made of the cars' ability to drive on any surface, especially in tracks created later in development.There are currently eight cars available across three manufacturers, each with their own visual style and performance specialties. The 'Terra' manufacturer has a bulky, armoured appearance and its cars tend to be good all-rounders. 'Cygon' looks very futuristic and features very polarised cars - they harbour the slowest and most controllable car in the game alongside the fastest and least controllable. 'Vintek' take cues from classic cars, the old rollcage games and a bit of scrapyard chic with surprisingly good agility. Cars are categorised into three groups - the agile, quick-off-the-mark 'speedsters', the balanced 'all rounders' and the fast, tough but unwieldy 'tanks'. Car balance is currently fairly good, with certain cars being favoured over others depending on the track but few situations where a choice would be completely incapable of winning.Multiplayer?Splitscreen functionality has been present for a long time and works well, but requires two controllers to work. It will not work with just a keyboard, or a keyboard and a controller at present. Online multiplayer was added recently and is very fun if you can find a race, but has been plagued with crashes, bugs and disconnects. The most recent patch addressed this to a large degree but multiplayer is still very unreliable by most accounts. Numbers online are generally very low, and it's probably best to try and organise races via the game's Discord channel which has a fair few active users.Closing thoughtsGRIP is already very, very playable. Despite being in early access with all the rough edges and issues that entails it's presented very professionally with active and receptive developers who have a lot of dedication for the game. Although there are still a lot of technical issues - some severe - in many parts of the game (most cripplingly, multiplayer) I am confident that they will be solved in the future. As it is now, racing in singleplayer works perfectly fine and multiplayer is very good fun - if it behaves itself. Though I will recommend the game, be warned that there are many frustrating issues still to be fixed that might not go away for some time."
,Recommended,396900,21029985,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,HDshotz,"So I decided to support this game and paid for the early access.Pros:-Nice grahpics-Good soundtracks-Very fast paced fun-Online multiplayer coming-Has alot of potentionalCons:-Needs alot of work! I understand its early and the developers are working on it-Very difficult to steer cars; need to implement sensitivity settings for controllers & keyboards-Hopefully they'll include car customizations/upgrades maybe unlocks but hopefully NOT pay2win-Unless you have local friend to connect; can only play with AI at the moment; get's old fastAgain, lots of potential. I just wanted to support the game and pay for the early access. I look forward to more content and an eventual polish product. The developers seem passionate about their game and that tells me alot of good future product; not just after $."
76561198008568083,Recommended,396900,30509897,Posted: 14 March,all,zzandy,"Fast combat racing with splitscreen. Runs smoothly, awesome soundtrack what not to like, except for long load times and lack of meaningful controller support."
,Recommended,396900,20983609,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dark Drakonis,ROLLCAGE IS BACK !!!! Now hit up EZ Rollers for that soundtrack !!!
,Recommended,396900,31126088,Posted: 13 April,all,Alternative (A) cup Aunt,I hate racing games. I love grip.
,Recommended,396900,30693780,Posted: 23 March,all,The Awoo One,"Im starting with: This is a good game.If you miss that rollcage times, Jack X or even Motor Storm, this is your game.Nice tracks, nice speed, good AI, some good graphics that a GT 740 2Gb can run and some epic moments that you will remember is what makes this game good. The atention to detail on the cars is high, and the effects are pretty.Some cons?-Some bugs. It's an early acces after all, but they dont bother that much.-The driving feels weird at first. You get used to it, but it is something to note.-Not so many maps at the moment. As I said, it's an early acces after all, but at this moment this is a con.-Sometimes, when on the air, the car can do weird♥♥♥♥♥♥like suddenly spin to a side. That usually happens when you crash with something.Other things to note is that they say that the multiplayer (currently at private branch) likes to crash. I played some games and i didn't had many problems, only cars shuttering sometimes.As I said, this game can be runned on a potato (a nice one, though) so don't worry if CanIRunit tells you that you can't run the game (unless if you have an Intel Graphics, wich I don't know why you do).Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: 10/10 they are still good on med-lowContent: 6.5/10Overall: 8/10PS: Im from Spain, sorry if I mess up the english sometimes."
,Recommended,396900,29755827,Posted: 6 February,all,Planter,"Remember Rollcage?This game is the successor to Rollcage, and was even made with the help of some of the original Rollcage devs.For those who never played Rollcage:GRIP is a fun arcade racer where your goal to simply go fast and win 1st place in a car similiar to those badass RC cars which could drive upside down and wish you had as a kid. In order to avoid momentum loss you can use the track itself to ROLL around (on tunnels, walls, in the air, and on map specefic contraptions), while managing to keep your tires on the ground (upside-down or vice-versa). Such a simple gimmic creats plenty of fun moments and creates a surprising difficulty curve for   those who love arcade racing."
76561198009106291,Recommended,396900,22852019,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Graveldread,This going to be huge........Rocket leauge huge.This team are building a hell of a game here.Rollcage 2- right up there in my top 5 games of the past 30 years. You young whippersnapers are in for a real treat.It's already stupidly good fun....this is going to get better and better.Kudos to the team......nailed it already:).Great music- but seriously.......let's get some heavy rock in there please- a grand theft style radio station mix would be ace.Glad I've backed this.Take my money.
76561198382848621,Recommended,396900,32033732,Posted: 28 May,all,Alex,This Needs Steam Workshop Access.
76561198034666059,Recommended,396900,21348863,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,AssKickerson,"Really awesome game. Nails the sense of speed harder than any racing game I've played since Burnout Paradise. Another unique thing about this game is its wide tracks, really makes me feel like I'm in a Mad Max game."
,Recommended,396900,30971156,Posted: 5 April,all,Adahop,"Oh my goodness. I don't know what to say! I bought this game, having entirely missed that it's in Early Access, and STILL found myself grinning ear-to-ear and laughing - with no one else around - at how tremendously silly and fun this game is! What a gem! I can't wait for it to be completed. I never played the games it's based on, either, so nostalgia is not a factor, here.As for the mechanics, the racing is glorious and smooth. If you see a smooth surface, you can drive on it...and ramp off of it, transfer to the ceiling of a tunnel, stay stuck to it somehow, come rocketing our the other end, land upside-down onm a wall, and keep going. The game also clearly tells you when a feature isn't quite ready for primetime: there's a work-in-progress map in the game, multiplayer is present but incomplete, menu navigation is limited to mouse input in parts...and I know everything is working as currently intended because the game is actually upfront with what's being worked on.On top of that there are options I don't normally expect to see in cheap racing games (or, in fact, *any* arcade racing games). The HUD has a visibility slider, you can adjust the FOV up to basically fisheye levels, you can disable certain crash effects - although honestly the crash effects on the HUD are so mental that I love them, you can toggle slow-mo in a race by hitting Select on the controller, there are several types of game modes with multiple different types of tracks and arenas to accomodate them.I'm sure there are issues, and I've only played for an hour or so, but I have been enjoying the game so much that I had to close out and give it a hearty recommendation."
,Recommended,396900,21379144,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Brock The Rock,"Rollcage was easily my favorite racing game growing up, and Grip captures that feeling 100%. I'm very excited to see where this game goes, but so far, even with only 3 tracks, I'm absolutely loving it. The controls are spot on, and the maps feel just like Rollcage. Great job! Keep making this game even better! Big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,396900,33256658,Posted: 4 July,all,⎠⎝вrυทσττi_3∂⎠⎝,"When i heard about GRIP and saw the trailer, it immediately brought the good old memories of Rollcage so there isn't much to be said.If you played Rollcage, get this game.If you haven't played Rollcage, still get it.It's amazing!"
,Recommended,396900,25076805,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Henrik,Game is awesome and devs seem to be on point as to what it needs with updates etc. Recommended!!
76561198144360609,Recommended,396900,33752396,Posted: 23 July,all,Noobie,It is RollCage what more can i say!
,Recommended,396900,31841723,Posted: 19 May,all,DoomSpawner,"Good game, BUT... The only disappointing thing is that the first place is always a disadvantage, i hope they fix it soon, because everybody keeps getting missles that tracks the 1st place players, that missles on Rollcage used to be a bit more rare, but at GRIP it's way too normal, the best way to win at this game is remain at the second place and take down the first on the last lap... Please, fix that... Then the game will be even more perfect! :D"
,Recommended,396900,21433155,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Spooky Space Ghost,"Aight so I know all the jokes surrounding games on Early Access, BUT MY GOD, if you ever were or still are a fan of combat racers, you ABSOLUTELY need to play and follow this game, cause it can bring the genre back into its former popularity. The game is only in pre-alpha (only 6 tracks currently, most of which are still under construction), but that alone is already more than just a proof of concept. The fun of GRIP is %50 competition, %50 sensory experience. I prefer to focus on the latter in this review, as I'm sure plenty others will make it a point to address performance/controls/UI (which aren't too shabby imo).So, GRIP manages to create that rush of high-octane chaos when you launch out of the finish line and you and the other racers are funneled into that first tunnel section; where the boys get sorted from the men. You truly feel the sense of speed as dilapidated sections of blast doors and support columns whip passed you. You feel the weight of your tremendous battle wagon, HAULIN' it down the track. You feel the GRIP of your monstrous tires claw at the ceiling and walls as you ride them like a damn maniac. It is all just that wondrous combination of STEEL and FIRE and GRIT, all going 10fold faster than what you ever thought possible. I hadn't felt these things in a long time, until GRIP ♥♥♥♥ING RIPPED THEM OUT OF ME.And this is just what the early access pre-alpha dishes out...So please, pick up this game on early access to support these awesome guys at Caged Element, and give them your feedback if you do, cause they're always looking for input from players on the forum regarding game mechanics, vehicle and track design, etc. We can bring combat racing back.tl;dr: WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? GET A GRIP, AND GET GRIP."
,Recommended,396900,21151721,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Cuffs,"This game is everything I loved about Rollcage.  It doesn't try to be realistic or modern in any way  and despite being currently in Alpha, it runs smoothly on my high end PC and on my average Joe laptop.  The pumping drum and bass, meaty machine guns and beefy explosions are a welcome assault on my ears, leaving the crisp (and sometimes quite trippy) graphics to take care of the visuals and turn my stomache.And you are guarunteed a few tummy lurchers.  What stood out in Rollcage, was the multi dimensional nature of the gameplay.  Sure, you can stick to the ground in an attempt to indulge in a casual Sunday drive... but why would you when you can pick up a rocket, drive 90 degrees around a banked turn, fire your rocket down on a player on the ground, jump from the vertical bank into a narrow pipe, throw up a little as you lose all sense of direction, fly out the pipe upside-down landing perfectly.As far as content is concerned, there is just enough to wet the appetite of anyone who took the plunge into the realm of early access.  I completed everything available (bar multiplayer) a couple of times in just under an hour but I'm planning to convice a few friends to pick it up to tackle the multiplayer side.Thoroughly looking forward to the development of this title!"
,Recommended,396900,29474759,Posted: 24 January,all,outlawt0rn | Twitch,"I want to like this game. It has such potential. There's a lot of things to love about this game. But I have a few fundamental problems with it1. I am stuck playing against bots. There is no online multiplayer atm. This is a massive disappointment to me.2. The physics feel off. The cars lose GRIP after hitting the tiniest inconceivable pebble in the road, and sometimes it feels quite arbitrary. The cars seem to be too light in general.3. Lack of control mid-air (like Rocket League, kind of)4. Cars drive at awesome speeds, but the handling feels slugging for such a fast paced game.----I would probably change my review to Positive if they adressed my first point only.edit: change to positive because the game has a multipålayer. The MP experience could be a lot better but it's WIP I guess"
,Recommended,396900,20960528,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,twisted,"Great game with a promising future, and for the price you pay (which warrant you a continuous stream of contents still yet to come, including multiplayer), it will probably get you busy for a little while. It's still in early access, so by any means don't expect a finished product, but what we have here is top notch. It's a fresh take on an old time favorite, (best suited for fans of fast paced arcade racers (think Wipeout, F-Zero, Dethkarz and the like)). A must-have for any Rollcage fan out there. Go pick it up before the price raise. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198023942523,Recommended,396900,21801246,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cappy,The game is in early access and it shows. But it looks very promising from the content we got. It brings back the Rollcage feeling. I highly recommend supporting this game!
76561198056342612,Recommended,396900,28974675,Posted: 3 January,all,TimboSlice,"Not only is it a great successor to the original Rollcage games, but it's a developer that actually used Early Access like it was intended! Don't see that very often."
,Recommended,396900,30220132,Posted: 27 February,all,ANGRYMAN,"Awesome fun, Would recommend to anyone"
76561198113315448,Recommended,396900,24250066,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Phate888,"This game is turning out to be awesome!!Wasn't sure about it at first with it still been in early access, but i was really suprised at how good it is and how well the devs have done with this idea.With each update it just gets better, with good tweaks to the game and new stuff added.So far its got some great fast tracks with weapons and powerups in there, plus events like deathmatches in huge areana's.Really looking forward to playing the multiplayer in the future, hoping it gets added to the game soon in the next few updates! :)"
,Recommended,396900,22802469,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Uncle Benjen,Fun game. The atmosphere and overall feel reminds me of a more realistic Jak X: Combat Racing.
,Recommended,396900,21697498,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,KobraKira,"UPDATE WAS RELEASED TODAY:http://steamcommunity.com/games/396900/announcements/detail/990036254357265305As such, i will update this review.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So far, i am loving this game despite playing it only for a few minutes. I haven't been this into a racing game in a long time!GRIP is basically a spiritual successor to the popular PS1 and PC classic ""Rollcage"" (both 1 and 2). If you don't know what Rollcage is, watch this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXfbo9JPM9UPros:+ Beautiful Graphics (Once again, Unreal Engine 4)+ Runs very well at a constant 60fps with Vsync on at max settings in 1080p (Specs are on my profile)+ It's fast, intense, engaging, and consistant. This game FLOWS like no other racer i've played before!+ Weapon Pickups (This is a combat racer after all)+ Well done track designs, which offer you some shortcuts to either get ahead, or stay ahead of the game+ Splitscreen multiplayer. Again, we need more devs to start including this in their games. NOT EVERYTHING HAS TO BE ONLINE ONLY PEOPLE!+ Playground mode, which is essentialy a free roam mode+ Time trial mode (I'm sure you know what this is by now)+ The floaty controls have been bettered in this new update. Cars drive much nicer now! As a result, i have now moved this to the pros.Cons:- Cars STILL bounce easily on even the smallest things. This can also be a bit annoying at first, but it can be funny when you manage to tumble into everyone causing them to tumble and bounce around with you XD- Still no mid-air control. You cannot steer yourself in the air like most other racers let you do, which can at times get ridiculous when you just cannot stop running into things and bouncing around everywhere- Arena mode is kinda lacking, but then again this game doesn't have too much to offer at the moment. I'm not surprised, but maybe this'll be more fun with a friend or friends. All you do in this mode is just drive around collecting weapon pickups to destroy all the enemy vehicles.If they can give us the ability to steer ourselfs mid-flight like a majestic eagle, then this game would be even better! Do i recommend this game?The answer: OH HELL YEAH! Go buy the game right now, the devs can really use the money to continue supporting and updating the game with new tracks and more!I'll update this review as i play more of it."
,Recommended,396900,21175519,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,PhonicUK,"GRIP is highly reminiscent of S.C.A.R.S. for the N64. The physics don't make sense but that's absolutely fine, it's got absolutely no pretence about being realistic and is just a pure fun arcade feeling racing game. It's early on in it's life but I think it's got the basis of a very enjoyable game in there. I can't wait to see multiplayer be available!"
,Recommended,396900,21387065,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,davisam42,It's early. But so far the game captures the spirit of the original Rollcage games!
76561198046499720,Recommended,396900,25201382,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Salazar,All speed. All chaos. Great game.
,Recommended,396900,25548742,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,stenk,rollcage is fam
,Recommended,396900,25606197,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TheJarago,"--- Early Access Review ---Updated: 9.9.2017I was just bored, searching the steam store for some new release. There was like nothing interesting, until something caught my eye. ""Wait is that new rollcage?"" My childhood game where i spent hours playing by myself and with friends. I MUST HAVE IT! - without thinking i bought this 5 minutes after finding it, not knowing almost anything about current playability. I did not regret it.And here i am, experiencing this amazing racing game greatly inspired by Rollcage series which is more than 15 years old. Racing through apocalyptic world of weaponized cars, which simply cant end up on their roof... kinda... Prepare to be competing in a fast-paced races full of adrenaline, pickups and explosions. Get your weapons ready, its time to put on your racing pants and join the world of GRIP !Game Currently Contains:- 8.. or 9 Playable maps (+mirrored for each and reverse mode for some)- Multiple (7+) Different Cars- 1 Arena Mode with 2 maps |Expected: 3 arena modes|- Carkour Mode with few maps = short obstacle courses- About 7-8 pickups (weapons & powerups)- Car customization- Custom Music Jukebox !Game Does not contain yet, but will have (almost definitely) in the future:- Single Player league mode (like in rollcage games)- Full Gamepad support - you cannot navigate with gamepad in menu yet, gamepad in race works- Unlockable car customizations- Some more tracks (race & arena)- 4 player split screen (currently just 2... read below for more info)- At least 3 new pickupsWhat to know before buying:- Some of actual rollcage devs work on this game !- Online Multiplayer is available, but not ideal, bugs are being fixed and everything is being improved slowly.- Split Screen is currently only available with 2 controllers only (Controller + Keyboard doesnt work yet)Note: You may still play this on your keyboard in single player- Developers are very open to feedback and suggestion on their official forum site.- They plan to add few more maps and vehicles, additional gamemodes, some more pick-ups and... possibly workshop and level editor in the later stage? (not confirmed but was talked about)- Updates about once a month, latest news on their official discord channel (google to find it)(Will be updating the review as the content is released)Highly recommending so far :)"
,Recommended,396900,31582388,Posted: 6 May,all,Primordial Poodle,"good ol' rollcage, just new"
,Recommended,396900,25046040,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Wabbit,"Spiritual sequel to Rollcage and Rollcage Stage 2.Review updated 6/4/17:A solid ammount of content has been added since the early days of early access to turn this into a very solid game in the Rollcage lineage. The somewhat aenemic lineup of cars and tracks has been filled out with more to come. The physics have greatly improved and the cars are far less prone to floating about when you ramp off obstacles within the circuits. Track detail is excellent and the art is great all around. Grip looks terrific with nice sound effects and a very good neurofunk style soundtrack.The price is right and the devs have been updating the game regularly, if you ever played the original Rollcage games and enjoyed them or have enjoyed more current combat racing games like Blur or Split/Second you should definitly pick it up."
76561197983263630,Recommended,396900,34400072,Posted: 21 August,all,Setharos,Sweet Rollcage stuff in new look.
,Recommended,396900,20940285,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Peter Shrub,This game drives me up the ♥♥♥♥ing wall!Welcome back Rollcage :D
76561197975664498,Recommended,396900,33920288,Posted: 30 July,all,NorWolf,Quite fun game with intense and fast gameplay.Can see this being quite fun with a group of friends.
,Recommended,396900,34892265,Posted: 11 September,all,IG | Valocity,"At first, I was a little hesitant, because I'm sure we all know how a lot of  revamps turn out these days, but I was far from disappointed with GRIP. So far, this is turning out to be exactly like the older Rollcage games. Having played both Rollcage and Rollcage Stage II, GRIP is almost like the late threquel to the series. Yes, it's still a work in progress, and seeing other reviews, lots of people apparently fail to realize that, but it IS getting better. Another thing people complain about is the steering. Well, if you played the above mentioned rollcage games, you'd soon find out that the steering was never easy to begin with, but you gotta practice. There's this wonderful thing called drifting, and it's highly involved in the rollcage series, a lot more so in this one. The old ones, well, of course physics aren't gonna be as good. That's 90's tech right there, but you'd soon find out, especially with the faster vehicles, that you have to drift quite often. All of that aside, I give this game a 5/5, and I'm very much looking forward to what the developer has in store next."
,Recommended,396900,26883738,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eve,Nostalgia is strong with this one!
,Recommended,396900,24029639,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Acierocolotl,"Not a lot of content yet, but it managed to feel an awful lot like Rollcage Stage II with what little I've played so far."
,Recommended,396900,26272776,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Chaostos,"Pre-emptive review (will be updated/changed before/on game release):- its on UE4 , looks great, sounds great. The style and atmosphere is top notch imho.- the gameplay is ..kinda insane. car combat on 400-700+ km/h (300-400+ mph)+ speeds..- ride on walls and ceilings, nothing should stop a speed demon.- very fun if you don't fear death or epilepsy. Feels like Neo Tokyo racing scene at times.- Great to play sober and not... (I consider it a bonus) Just don't expect to win at that point.- different weapon pickups aswell as boost/shield pickups and more.- Boost pads on tracks to keep your momentum going if you can handle it.- different Game modes (more Combat or Speed/final placement focused racing, Arena, Sudden Death etc.), options to choose from (Reverse track!/Mirror Track!/ CatchUp/Laps/Destructible cars etc.)- selection of planets, each containing varried tracks for racing with alternate paths to take on and master each of them.- its raw, it will neeed more development time to go and all that... and who knows what will be added/changed.- It got 4 cars at the moment each with its own character, with color/rims/tires customisation. Naturaly, all of them are insane in their own right, depends on how you like your endorphin delivered.- multiplayer is in early development/test stage. Split screen available !- hard to learn, harder to master.- begs for a steering wheel/joystick to get the maximum control of your own death...when the speed gets to 600+ km/h- You can already feel like Yuri Gagarin. We have a Lift Off.Yes I do recommend this game, I would recommend to have your eye on it (or both), await for it's release or get involved in alpha.especialy if you like 400-700+ km/h speeds, electronic music, adrenaline, hi-tech/futuristic/sci-fi/ car combat racing on jets with wheels, ..and if you can handle it and want to handle it.It took me some time to get into it, to learn the handling (the game is still changed/developed so..) but now I do enjoy coming back to it for a few races, to get my junky speed fix."
76561197996090848,Recommended,396900,33804357,Posted: 26 July,all,Geodezijus,"The game I would recommend to any arcade race gamer. And the difference between GRIP( or Rollcage) and any other arcade futuristic racing game is that you need to control the grip you have. Its hard to do it, but when you succeed you are flying at 800 kph in a few tons of jet monster and the feeling is not even comparable. The difference between the GRIP and Rollcage is that the one is currently unfinished (i am sure it will be), but already showing the signs of the best arcade racer ever built and other is simply the legend which 80s-90s kids each ""wasted"" few hundred hours on.So - get the game, experience the unforgettable feeling it provides."
,Recommended,396900,30183415,Posted: 25 February,all,NLFD3S,"Rollcage all over again :DKeep the DnB coming :DIf you like the review, give your neighbour a cookie :DAnd dont blame me for my bad spelling, im dutch :D"
76561198090044378,Recommended,396900,21269721,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Steven Daniels,"I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when I first took off down the track. This game is gonna be something special, it nails that old RC feel perfectly. Everything frm the speed and design of the cars all the way down to the tracks, lighting effects, and music is just great and the controls are solid as ♥♥♥♥. The game also looks and runs really good, even on the tracks marked as a work in progress, which was a surprise.If you love insanely high speed combat racing then you owe it to yourself to get this game. If they manage to get some decent promotion and a solid online multi-player going then this game is gonna be huge"
76561198041099788,Recommended,396900,22721004,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tathendal,"GRIP is a super speed racing game in the spirit of the Rollcage games (and the devs of it).Although the game is in early access, it feels very good gameplay-wise. Driving at 500 km/h (or up to 700 km/h!) feels awesome. Controlling the car properly gives enormous satisfaction. When you nail that curve, coming at it 500 km/h, ease off the gas a little to gain better control, dodge that mine in last second only to see that the guy coming behind you hits it, it feels pretty awesome. Or when you see and hear the guy behind you starts his gattler at you, you deploy your back shield to show a middle finger at him, then drop a mine in a tight tunnel and look back as your enemy drives right into it, exploding (then you drive against a wall because of looking back but that is beside the point).GRIP feels very good. This feeling comes from great soundtrack, gorgeous looking tracks and ofc the racing itself. Sound effects are top notch, for example everytime you fire the gattling gun it feels like it has some serious power. The low ""chuckchuckchuck"" sound of the gun, the swirling sound of the gattler ""swrrrrrr"", and the sound when it hits your metal enemy ""chingchingching"". You send your enemy veering and take the leader position. Soon after that you hear a beeb thats increasing its frequency, and realize a missile is coming to you! Quickly, you manouver to a power up hoping it would give you a shield. No shield? Tough luck. You look back and see a guy coming right after you. You let off the gas and brake just a little, to give that guy the first place. Soon after that the missile hits the guy infront (BOOM) of you sending him flying wildly all over the place, and you take the leader position again. All this while the crunchy drum and bass music plays in the backround to raise your pulse just the right amount.The driving itself is great. At first it feels like the car bounces too easily off the little bumbs etc, but you soon learn the use of braking and letting off the gas pedal dramatically increases your control. For example, you see ahead a little hill that you are going to take air from. If you go to that jump with full throttle and you are not driving 100% straight to it, you are gonna bounce wildly all over. Instead, you must ease off the gas a little, and make a little correctional driving manouvers so that you jump so that your car doesn't go all over but instead does a neat little controlled jump. Remember that you are driving 500 km/h, at that speed a little bumb or hill must be taken seriously. This makes the driving feel really good, you feel like you are in total control of your car, and if you get distracted you will be punished for that. It feels like you are on the edge all the time, even a small mistake can make you fly and spin. You cannot go full throttle and hit the walls in curves, like in some arcade racing games.Even if the game is really awesome, early access means very limited content though. Patches have been regular. I will remind you, dear reader, that if you want a full game experience with proper amount of content, wait longer. If, however, you can't wait to give these metal beast a run, enjoy awesome drum and bass music and wish to support this badass racing game, buy it now! Remember that buying the game now secures that it will come a finished product, and it already offers many hours of crazy speed driving goodness. I normally feel very sceptical about EA games, but this one I had to give a go and I am super glad I did!"
76561198077147336,Recommended,396900,25813074,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SilverFox607,"Totally bought this out of nostalgia for Rollcage Stage 2, was not disappointed.  I haven't played enough to spot any bugs yet, but I already fell in love with it in the short time I have played.  I'm looking forward to future updates and online multiplayer!Pros+Tight racing controls (once you get a feel for it)+Gorgeous environments+Sick cars and customizations+Good amount of content for early access+Fast paced+Fun and not too infuriating (Although the AI tends to place mines in the most annoying places)Cons-No online multiplayer yet-Not a lot of cars (theres 3 but the current customization makes up for that at the moment)-The options are kinda odd, took me a little while to realize X button was drift since it was labelled ""Pad Face Left""-I can only use the mouse to cycle through menus-Not many power ups-No tutorial (or at least I havent found one)If you like combat racers or the old Rollcage games from PS1 days, then you're gonna love this game."
76561198074602603,Recommended,396900,25929161,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Henrimagne,"What a fun experience!  What an awesomely spectacular game!It is fast-paced combat racing the way it should be.  Beautifully flowing tracks and intense speed.  At 400+ km/h you're almost a fighter pilot :) ... and you WILL be doing some flying.  Futuristic-looking.  Different planets with different tracks that are gravity-defying and alinear - up becomes down and down becomes up and the tracks split off to form alternative routes.  I totally love the roll-cage thing: you keep going even when the car flips over.  You have a range of weapons to keep your competitors at bay: rockets, guns, shockwaves, mines ...Even if you're not a big fan of racing games, like me, you might be surprised by this one.  I'd recommend GRIP any day.  For me it's the most fun since that old classic combat racer Re-Volt.  And it's going to keep getting better as development continues.  It most certainly gets my vote.For a visual reference, watch my GRIP showcase video:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=844398789"
,Recommended,396900,21135442,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,PR0XIDIAN,"WOW! A beautiful racing game with weapons on the unreal 4 engine? SIGN ME UP! This game is fantastic fun even in its early access stages. I jumped on board early so I could get a cheaper price after my kickstarter pledge was canceled when it failed. I want these Devs to have my money to continue adding more stuff. Let me say, this game is HARD. Even on slowest speed and easiest AI. That is part of why I'm so drawn to it.  Having a game where you can pull off some super epic stuff with an insane skill level is awesome. The splitscreen is just an added bonus. I will update my review as the game gets updated, but this review was written on the very first version, and even at this stage its worth a purchase!"
,Recommended,396900,31832622,Posted: 18 May,all,Derek aka Derek,pros-graphics are next levelsick music while playingclassic arcade racerGRAPHICScons-terrible handling in carsthe first 25% of you analog controller movement doesn't affect steering so minute changes are tough to makethe flip mechanic isn't a mechanic as much as a gimic seeing as most maps aren't built around it an only have small portions where it's used
,Recommended,396900,30949893,Posted: 4 April,all,PhenomPhear,"----Original Review at Bottom---Alright so it seems my review oddly got a small amount of attention. I'm not really a super awesome curator review person, but, since it's had some attention I'll update it to be a bit more proper using Pro's and Con'sPro's:Visuals are fantasticIMO the game feels kind of immersive due to way the screen has a visual effect at higher speedsCombat is well done without being overpowering, and if thats not your sort of thing you can disable pickups and use classic race mode where position determins a win.The maps are varried accross different planets, each with a different enviroment.The multiplayer is good and works. I don't have a lot of play time, but, I played several matches in arena and racing, and I didn't encounter any issues. Abliet the voting system did just recieve a patch.Cons:Some of the maps can be quite difficult but are still a WIP. I played the WIP Sky track map today and found it somewhat difficult to get back in 1st after getting hit by a rocket on an upside down portion of the track which leads me to my next conThe Reset mechanic. It can be a bit squarilly at times, and is best invoked yourself rather than letting it do it itself. And even then, when you are reset on an upside down portion of the track, it can be very hard to get enough speed back up to not fall again to get reset again. Try and aim for a green turbo arrow on the track right away when your reset if in this situation, if there are any.------So, thats a bit of an update to the review, yes I know it's not the best review, but, I have a huge backlog of games and ADHD so it's a bit hard at times for me to keep track of it all. If this review keeps getting attention, I'll try to update it as I play more.TLDR; It's a great remake of an older game with a pretty unique style of racing. I'd buy again.Original Review:WOW. JUST WOW! I have played only 3 races and I am BLOWN AWAY! If you have ever played Rollcage GET THIS GAME! If you have never played anything like this, GET THIS GAME! GET IT RIGHT NOW! You will not be dissapointed. I actually felt like I was screaming down the track at 400+ KPH a couple of times. It's amazing. I love this game. GET IT!"
,Recommended,396900,20916032,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Clone303,"2016 Rollcage is back for good but it still need alot of things but overall it's really good and the driving and music is just epic, feels 120% like playing Rollcage so get if you did like Rollcage and get if you like combat racing for this game is one of the best at it and really good for been in early access also i have been watting years for new Rollcage like right from Rollcage Stage II for it was really awesome racing game back there and it means i have wait 16 years for a new Rollcage"
,Recommended,396900,20924308,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,twitch.tv/cpalmtv,GRIP exceded my expectations. When I pick up an early access game I usually don't expect a very playable game. I cannot wait to see what this game adds in the future! It is a ton of fun to play.Here is a review and first impressions video I made about the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eeF7vyVuKo&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,396900,21435553,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Eevihl,"If you love crazy fast and drum and bass, played rollcage when I was younger and this takes me way back. Love it."
,Recommended,396900,30273101,Posted: 1 March,all,Unkle GREGORIJ,High speed rocket powered tanks that can drive when flipped - the game 2017
,Recommended,396900,30970473,Posted: 5 April,all,morph113,"Like the old Rollcage game but with modern graphics with the Unreal Engine 4. It does look really nice and performance is good as well. The content is still a bit lacking but there are more cars and tracks and everything planned for the full release.If you want this for multiplayer, then don't be fooled by the low playerbase. You will only be able to race with 10 people at the same time anyway and you can connect to a race which is already in progress, although you need to wait till the next round. So as long there are more than 10 players in multiplayer you won't notice any difference between 10,000 or 100 people playing it, since you will find a lobby with players right away and can't play with more than 10 anyway. Also missing players are replaced by bots to fill up the field if that is the case.Now I am not sure how many hours I will spend in this game but it is a really fun arcade futuristic racer and is basically a true Rollcare remastered version one could say. Definitely worth spending time on a few multiplayer races every other evening."
,Recommended,396900,30572976,Posted: 17 March,all,lol?,"I've only just played a few minutes of this game, but damn, does it have potential. Great concept of flippable cars, physics and car handling feel tight and responsive, and the games weapons give it an almost ""mario kart"" arcade battle racer feel.The current tracks in the game are great and well designed, looking forward to whats to come.Currently has two player splitscreen but four player splitscreen is coming, and when it does, this will be my go-to game for some intense racing with mates.Really hope to see this game through early access and I wish the devs GL on their progress. Once the game is done I'd definitely pay for DLC tracks, too.Game ran flawlessly on my rig and felt super smooth and fast. Can't wait to see where the devs take this ;)"
76561198041658962,Recommended,396900,24951612,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,GundamSlayer,AWESOME GAME MUST BUYRemind me of rollcage my childhood ps1 game
,Recommended,396900,24536767,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Bero,Great game! Since I played Rollcage Stage II back in the day I always wanted a sequel and it's safe to say that it is finally here. Maybe not direct sequel but it sure feels like it!
,Recommended,396900,32120197,Posted: 1 June,all,Ctrl.Alt.DECIMATE,My damn childhood! Back when I wasn't even in double figures back in 1999/2000 I adored Rollcage and Rollcage2 on the PSone. Playing this just made me have the biggest smile on my face for the entire time I was playing. I can't wait for a proper single player to be added.BUY! HELP THESE GUYS!
,Recommended,396900,21433566,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,DarK,"Review and Bug Report – Developers, this is for you.3 weeks into early access and I’ve picked up this game, played it for over an hour, and I’m gonna start off this review by saying that this isn’t simply a spiritual successor to the Rollcage series. It IS Rollcage 3, whether you want to call it that or not.Now, let’s get into the actual review. This is based off of playing Time Attack for almost the whole time, and should be treated as such.The sense of speed is exhilarating. I never expected to come into it and do well, and I didn’t; the case was the same with the first two games. I crashed a ton of times on every lap, span off or did a 180, drove up the side of walls, left the track boundaries, always struggling to get back on track, and losing a lot of time in the process. But it never feels cheap, nor is it frustrating. When you do screw up, you always know that it’s because that you just couldn’t quite handle the beast that is your vehicle, and that’s great, because Grip – and Rollcage as a whole – is not an easy game/series by any means – this game ishard. It takes a lot of precision and skill to master handling this four wheeled juggernaut; the smallest mistake can screw you over, but it really is rewarding when you can get it under control. And even if you do crash, drive off or spin off a bunch of times, the game never stops being fun as hell to play.***BUG REPORTING STARTS HERE***Now let’s get onto the bug reporting. As it’s only 3 weeks into early access, I can forgive the fact that the UI and everything except the core game needs a huge amount of work. Still, it needs to be addressed:Screen resolution options: The resolution sets itself every time I click the arrow to go through the available screen resolution settings. So when I go from 1280x720 to 1280x768, screen flashes to black and then sets to the new res. And this happens for as many different available settings there are: the screen flashes to black no more than a dozen times before I can reach 1080p. We need to be able to click through them all without it auto applying every time: give us an ‘Apply’ button or a dropdown menu, the current system is far too slow.Second issue – the res resets itself from 1080p (my selected res) to 720p when I alt tab out and back in, and to make matters worse, there’s no ‘Options’ menu in the Pause menu. So all that time spent clicking through every available resolution to get to the one I need, down the drain. After that I just left it at 720p out of frustration.The menus can’t be navigated without a mouse – not even the Pause menu. I don’t think the keyboard can be used either. So I can pause the game with my controller (for reference it’s an Xbone controller), but to resume I need the mouse, which requires me to get into an awkward position so that I can left click resume with my left hand while keeping my finger down on the right trigger to accelerate.That’s the next issue – upon resuming the game at the Pause menu while holding down the right trigger, it does nothing: I have to release it and press it again to accelerate.For some reason I can pause the game after I finish the race and viewing my ‘You placed 1st!’ (Hahaha, me, first…) – This should not be possible. Nor should I be able to pause the game at this point.Please auto-hide the cursor during gameplay, or when a controller is in use.The hit boxes for the menu buttons are too small to be clicked with a mouse: the hit boxes should be the same size as the menu buttons themselves.On the track Transport, on the planet Liddo 5, the frame rate gets cut in half every time I enter a tunnel, and returns to normal when I exit.The setup menu needs settings removed from it depending on the game mode currently selected. AI difficulty, number of bots, and number of laps are still included in Time Trial mode, even though there is no AI, and there are unlimited laps.****BUG REPORT ENDS****Despite all of these typical Early Access issues (as is the way with Early Access), for the love of god, buy this game, and support the developers. You won’t regret it, especially considering everything that the team has to offer in the Early Access description. I’ve been waiting for Rollcage 3 for over a decade, and well, here it is.I was gonna give this game 22/10 but then the front half of my car got stuck in the ground when I landed after being launched into the air (fix this pls), so I’m gonna take half off and say 11/10, cos the AI names sound like Transformers.…♥♥♥♥ it, one of them is a Transformer and his name is Jetfire."
76561198326023938,Recommended,396900,29474272,Posted: 24 January,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),Edited Review - oct 2017 GRIPv 1.2.6a slightly updated version of GRIP but this version of GRIP has the biggest advance the game has made so far - and that is that MULTIPLAYER is stable now and so far on this build i have had no crashes during races and the sync/netcode is excellent giving good games despite differences in ping.for those that don't know - GRIP is regarded by many fans as a successor to the old PS rollcage series - however GRIP is a different game offering a different driving experiance from Rollcage and has surpassed rollcage in eevry dept so far imo -built on unreal engine the game looks good and the gradual tweaking of the physics in the game with each build provides an exhilarating racing experiance not offered by any other game that is out there todayThe game has a few different racing modes  with toggleable features like bots/difficulty/weapons and has a good range of tracks across a few different environments and these with the good range of different vehicles with more to come in all depts this is a game well worth investing in today - you'll only pay more to join the party later .developed by a great team of devs who take the time to speak to their community to help shape the game into something that not only lives up to the expectations old schoolers have in regards to rollcage but also provides a new platform offering a nostalgic but better driving game.and they play the game too as you can see in the video below -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-eN-oy9sjkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6JyvLs5780
76561197987005983,Recommended,396900,21146719,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,fall_in2_sleep,"So glad to be able to support and play Grip!This brings back so much nostalgia from Rollcage. One vivid memory was that when I was a kid, my mum gave me and my sister $50 each to spend in The Warehouse and Rollcage was what I purchased."
,Recommended,396900,21223709,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nxsage,Holy! This is a dream come true.. Cant wait for the multiplayer modes!
76561198049713198,Recommended,396900,21234081,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Kalamity,"Usually when buying games which are still in development, they end up being frustrating - which is normal, considering the bugs and what-not - though with GRIP that isn't the case. I can honestly say that for once I'm not disappointed, it may be because I'm a big Rollcage fan though!"
,Recommended,396900,21262198,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DEEJAYSEE,"Great conccept, great potential, will be very fun when online multiplayer is patched in.   Saying that, very unfinished, very buggy, and going to take some time! I love playing it but now I must play the waiting game for a more finished and polished version.  WHAT A TEASE!"
76561198085792193,Recommended,396900,21131968,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,numan4634,"I got an e mail that says: GRIP is on early access.Without a slightest hesitation, i opened steam and literaly without even looking at the price. It was 20 somethinhg :)And you know what? It was totaly worth it. As a huge rollcage fan, i am realy hopeful for this game. Right now even the early access is looking awesome. Here are my opinions, pros and cons.I only finished 2 races in the game and tickled with settings. Design of the game is pretty straight forward and fluid.Gameplay feels like old rollcage and this is a good thing. Develoeprs should keep this unchanged.I'm sure tracks and music are gonna be realy fun and appropriate for the context.Only downside seems to be high performance graphics card requirement. My hd 6950 is having hard time running on high settings. I think this will be optimized as days go by. But the important thing about rollcage-like game like this is to be fluent and playable. This game doesn't require amazing visuals and stunning environment. This game has to keep to action and excitement up, and the gamer on toes. I'm sure we won't have time to appreciate visual details as we are strugling through obstacles and doding missiles. So YOU SHOULD NOT bother prepearing a demandind environment."
,Recommended,396900,21204446,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Robtastique,Definitely an awesome game.
,Recommended,396900,21239006,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,LORD EXPLOSION MURDER!!!,"As of writing this review there are 3 tracks - one in early development, but these tracks are very promising and the core gamplay is already solid, I cant wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,396900,21240494,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Gamer64,"Being that this game is pretty early in early access, there's not a lot of stuff to it at the moment. What it does currently have, though, absolutely reeks of futuristic racing games from the 90s(San Francisco Rush 2049, Extreme-G, Wipeout, etc.), just with a modern day coat of paint. The tracks, the music, the vehicle design, the weapons and power-ups, and the overall vibe add up pretty nicely to something that makes this quite a spiritual successor to the game Rollcage, and a kind of game that we just don't see very often. If you want more than a small handful of areas, vehicles and things like online multiplayer(it has local splitscreen for people with actual irl friends), then you may want to wait a while on buying this. Just note that the price will go up ever so much as the early access program goes on. If however you're fine with it as it is and don't mind the current lack of content, I say go ahead and buy it.""10/10 Like Wipeout with wheels"" -IGN"
76561197996945528,Recommended,396900,21258570,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,reaperke,"This is currently in great shape considering the pre-alpha state, controls ae already tight, track design is really rollcage next level, weapons systems work and their initial soundtrack is excellent there's however clearly a lot of graphical (loads of pop in)  and other optimization left and the menu system needs a lot of work but for an old-school rollcage fan like myself seeing this coming to fruition is awesome.As far as spiritual psygnosis successors go this is leaps and bounds above formula fusion at this time, hopefully the devs reconsider the xbox one version as I would so love to have this on my xbox one.Looking forward to alpha, beta and release for sure."
76561198214972641,Recommended,396900,21172824,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,forzaholland,"If you like the original Rollcage games, then GRIP certainly is a game for you. If you don't know the concept of Rollcage yet: your car can drive on walls and roofs and it can drive both on its topside and underside. This creates an unique way of racing, because you can continue driving on falls and upside-down jumps. Combine this with various powerups as mines and rockets and you'll have a lot of fun.The gameplay of GRIP is already very enjoyable in this early access version. It's combination of racing and weapony provides a high-paced and intense experience. The graphics are great and the up-tempo music really adds to the feeling of speed. With each patch, the tracks are getting better flow and many improvements are made to the physics. Besides normal racing, there are interesting game modes such as time trial, arena (deathmatch), and playground (capture powerups in a sandbox environment) . The powerups such as speed boots, shields, mines, rockets and miniguns are fun and are visually appealing. All in all, all the main elements that you would expect in a combat racer are already there.Clearly, there are still downsides that can be expected in an early access version. Multiplayer mode is yet to be implemented. The content is still rather limited with one car and three racing tracks, one of which is heavily work in progress. There is also a noticeable framerate drop when shooting a minigun in some sections. Despite these downsides, you can have a lot of fun with this early access version.As final remark, I would like to add that this game has a great development team. The developers are easy to approach and are actively adressing player feedback. This gives the feeling that you are really involved in the development."
,Recommended,396900,21171534,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Richard Simmons,"I was stoked about this game when I saw the Kickstarter, then sad when it decided to cancel the campaign, but now having the chance to get it on steam already was a plus.So far, Music is great, Graphics pretty great. the rest is still pretty much in need of work. but there is lots of potential, so I'm just hoping the devs can get the updates rolling in on a regular basis. The controls and responsiveness are pretty frustrating right now but man, the machine gun and missles are pretty satisfying and almost make up for it. Give it a shot if you like the music and type of game. wait a bit if not."
,Recommended,396900,21206931,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sr Gris,Thank you for bringing back a classic :) Really impressed
,Recommended,396900,26365299,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,"Ed, Edd, and E.D.","Provisional Review, Full review once game leaves early access.TL:DR - Alright as-is, but will it be ready in time for an end of 2016 release? Also, I wish I could give this a ""meh"".Provisional review: I got this game for $15.29 CAD, and I am personally excited for the game to be finished, but as-is, the content is severly lacking, especially less than two months before the targeted ""final"" release date.Rant Incoming, mouse over if you care.Currently, the game's features, as compared to the aimed goals, are far below the values they hoped to reach in time for the release. There are only 5/16 tracks (not counting the hallowe'en tracks) from 2/4 planets, only two-player local splitscreen (although the beta currently has online multiplayer being playtested), no mod tools, and no career mode! According to the Early Access page, the developers have stated that they expect to finish ""the ""final"" version of GRIP by the end of 2016"". Considering that more than half of the game's content is missing just 8 weeks before their deadline, I am worried that developpment may be pushed back into mid-2017. From there, who knows when/if we'll ever see a final version.End RantSorry, I just had to get that off my chest, first. Now, as for the game itself, it revives the long-lost art of ""non-Mario Kart"" combat racing: The weapons are satisfying to use, although I feel like the missle needs to lock-on and launch faster. The gameplay is fast paced, and the physics are dead-on, but I feel as though the combination of the speed of the cars and the fact that even the smallet barrel can affect the car's path, it leads to a few too many circumstances where the car flies up in the air and off course, in one case costing me the race. This combined with the fact that the controls (not sure if this is just me and my toaster of a PC) feel delayed at times, regardless of keyboard or Gamepad, and it could make races seem unfair at times, especially since the AI can be brutal on the higher speeds and difficulties.  Overall, it just makes me wish that I could pick a maybe for a recommendation. Ultimatley, I have followed this game since it was first founded, and have good faith that the developpers will do whatever they can to make the game better as time goes on.Still, if you don't have this game in your library yet, hold off for a little bit: Follow this game on steam, and once developpment gets to a point that you feel confident enough to jump in to try the game... wait a little while longer, at least for a sale. This game is slowly, but surely, getting to its final state... but will it meet its end-of-2016 deadline?"
76561198359604623,Recommended,396900,30235920,Posted: 27 February,all,Prawnzer,"I VOTE A YESS!!! YESSS YESSS!!!!! its really hard to find an arcadey type racer nowadays that isnt cheesy or polished over like track mania. i like brutal racing and moments that make my hair stand on edge. Grip does just that. Its ultra fast and chaotic plus the music is the cherry on top honestly. Drumm and bass is meant for racing and grip does a great job with the selection. Yes, its in alpha, but i was very willing to support the developers as when i saw this, i flashed back to the days when i was playing rollcage with my dad back in 1999. never thought id see a game similar to it make a come back. BUY THIIISSS. i would reccomend a controller though"
,Recommended,396900,20968897,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hatrus,Hello people.I've been a fighting/racing games fan since the crash bandicoot and after that game rollcage was an epic adventure where there were no turning back. I mean i'd play with bots for eternity... seeing this game rebooted after merely 15 years later is like an epic xmas. If you're addicted to speed and weapons this is the game for you... do not expect something easy though... its hard as hell to play but its a blast. Also the games' devs are really cool people they will consider what idea or whatever you have in mind. Or what you say about things. That is the beauty of this game so much nostalgia and speed together even if you dont know the rollcage games i'd bet you will still like this game. ITS EPIC. is my last remark ^_^
,Recommended,396900,29511116,Posted: 26 January,all,Conargle,"for a game that was released on my birthday, and considering it's essentially a reboot of one of my childhood game's, i'm a little annoyed that i've only just found out about Grip nearly a year after it's release...maybe now i can throw away my originalcopy of Rollcage?pffft nah never. This is even being made by some of the dudes who did the original. niceAnyway, IMO:-Grip looks great visually and retains the style of it's inspired original very well, not just in the levels but the cars too.-Performance wise, the only issues i've had has been while alt-tabbing... nothing new there. Otherwise it's been butter smooth for me.The controls and feel of the driving?-The speed feels great and faced paced once you get going and set up the race to use the faster engine types (a bit like mario karts 50cc/100cc/150cc etc).-The steering for keyboard users, I personally feel the steering aspect still need work, there's something about it i can't put my finger on but when going too fast or too slow, i end up losing my position in the race because i cant turn fast enough to correct a crash when im going slowly, and when im going fast i feel like its too easy to oversteer. A controller of some sorts is definately advised, as with pretty much all racing games. (or maybe i'll try and get my wheel to work...that'll be interesting)-Rolling in the air to perfect your landing is much harder than the original. it felt really slow to rotate and correct myself and by the time i'd started turning, i'd crashed awkwardly.But who knows, maybe i just need more practice since i haven't played a rollcage-esque game since 2004-6-the weapons so far are a trip down memory lanealthough missing some of the originals, but this is early access at the moment and there's more on the way so here's hoping for the time warp, wormhole and ice sheet to come back because they were my favourites:fingerscrossed:.-The music, while i'm not a fan of the genre, it definitely still suits the game very well so i don't mind listening to it since it isn't bad at all... just not to my taste to want to listen on the daily.I don't find the price to be too high either. In fact I would've probably paid a little more, since despite it's early access, it's still a great solid arcade racing game, and also because im slightly biased and loved the original.Oh it also has splitscreen so thats a great bonus. Remember the days when you'd invite a friend over to play games and not just rely on online multiplayer? good times."
76561198038392374,Recommended,396900,32609639,Posted: 20 June,all,momzemor,it's good and Chaotic
76561198254195038,Recommended,396900,32602274,Posted: 20 June,all,Rackheim,Absolutely Terrific!
,Recommended,396900,30966406,Posted: 5 April,all,caseyc (VEGAN),"GRIP has elements of F-Zero and JetMoto of the old days and REDOUT, Formula Fusion, Radial G, Roll Cage  and Quantum Rush Champions of modern days, and is a fun sci-fi racer. I think for the genre it is second only to Redout from that list. First impressions:+The tracks are well designed with several paths and short cuts+Use of walls and ceilings+Some upgrades+Fast paced+Runs smooth and good graphics+/-Adding more tracks, could use some more8.5/10 based on price point"
,Recommended,396900,21974448,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,FESTY_666,"Absolutely beautiful game honoring the old Rollcage games which I spent so many hours playing on my old pc as a kid..Then in highschool my friends used to sneak into the media room during sport hours and split-screen using the projectors.Not too much content so far but plenty to have a good time for a bunch of hours, and after online is released well that's pretty much infinite replayability right there.All the mechanics are done beautifully; nothing lame that helps you out of being completely disoriented after hitting a corner and spinning uncontrollably and then recovering and driving in the wrong direction and hating everything, which is good.My one request is they re-add those triple helix rockets from the original game because they were sick."
76561198029016436,Recommended,396900,34473134,Posted: 24 August,all,AlarmedGibbon,"I love this game! Gameplay this fun (and fantastic looking) is a bargain at $16. Back in the day, at the arcade, I would've put countless dollars into a game like this.I've only played single-player so far, and it's a complete blast. This is action racing at its finest. Why aren't there more of these types of games?I was a big Rollcage fan back in the day, and it has been resurrected here. To the dev team: Well done!!!"
,Recommended,396900,23725289,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SunnyTheYellowCreature,"When I first played I have been having a blast playing this game with my controller, I wish Josh and I could play Split-Screen someday. This game reminds me of one those old WipEout games on PlayStation... I'd wanna say 3. And I'm not too sure."
76561198219064379,Recommended,396900,34221930,Posted: 13 August,all,GazzaBoi,Game so addictive cant wait for finished project
76561198037639438,Recommended,396900,26109632,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Spaz,"In todays world of steam many, many games get stuck in early access. I feared that a few weeks after I bought this game... since this was the first early access game I bought. Though the game still remains in early access, the devs have made vast improvement to the gameplay. From the difficulty, when I first played I outsmarted the AI and consistantly won 1st place within 30 minutes of playing. Now that I've jumped back in I'm struggling to get 5th. Another improvement is the handling, before when you hit something your car would just stop, now it feels much more natural. There are also many more improbements.My point being, they are updating and making the game better... nuff said."
,Recommended,396900,28821181,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Butchi,"Yeah. I love RollCage and well, you nailed it. This is so good... cant wait for the ""final"" Version of this Game. Recommended - good Job ;-)"
76561197979160587,Recommended,396900,25206897,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kron,"Really enjoy this game. Keep up the good work. Driving under wild settings is insane. This game is coming along nicely since I first purchased, I am slowly awaiting new levels 😁"
,Recommended,396900,28922252,Posted: 1 January,all,fzeroman,"This game is a blast.Tight controls,unique enviroments and a kicking ost.And if you dont like the ost you can use your own music.Considering its in early access ill leave off harsh words but will say i wishyou had control of your rolling cause often times i find myself on my sides orin a bad way.Also its surprisingly easy to get out of bounds and tough to return."
,Recommended,396900,25175334,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sunstone,"Really wonderful game!It reminds me of the days I used to play the old, fashioned, Rollcage!If you wanna see and play a next-gen Rollcage, buy this and support developers."
76561198125843548,Recommended,396900,29825362,Posted: 10 February,all,gabornagyemail,"Hi!I'm a Rollcage fan since '99 so I was very excited about this game since I first heard about it. The game is beautiful and it definitely has that feeling that I was looking for so long but you can't find it only in a Rollcage (inspired) game. These are my first thoughts after 2 hours of gaming:1. I miss the glow in front of the car when you reach near maximum speed.2. Where's the speed boost bonus if you hit acceleration as close as possible to the GO sing on start?2. The speed boost pickup feels like a steady acceleration instead of that instant 'omg' speed boom from Rollcage3. Too many mines4. I miss the spinning non-targeted rockets and a few Rollcage pickup very much! The teleport would be fun! I think emp is replacing the time slowing one, that is great. The point is that we need more pickup types.4. The physics engine feels unfinished, keep up the good work!5. Can't wait for more maps, multiplayer, campaign, etc!"
,Recommended,396900,21999582,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,TI-84,"Great game, still needs some work to be done but hey, its early access. Cant wait for multiplayer!!!"
,Recommended,396900,21803947,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bha!,"As an Early (early) Access game, this game has a promising future. There is no such game like this since Rollcage. As long as developers can afford to keep working on the game for 1-2 years all they need to do is to keep in mind GRIP is ♥♥♥♥ loads of speed, explosions, madness and good music, they got that with the current product, now need to expand."
76561198061062321,Recommended,396900,28680672,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kingbeandip,"It has been a long time since I've had this much fun in a racing game. It is very fast-paced, the cars that flip over make racing both more forgiving and more fun, and the weapons are excellent. I don't know what to say, but GRIP is incredibly cool and great for multiplayer. Everyone I've showed this game to immediately loves it, and few racing games have had that effect.As for the early access matter, development appears to be going very well (they are adding a new car or track about every month). At present there are 7 tracks and 4 cars, and even if development magically halted right now, it would still be worth the $16 asking price. This is already an extremely fun game, and it will just get better as time goes on."
,Recommended,396900,28527538,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dickflip,"Nostalgia holds you quite well in this game - but this doesn't mean that's all that keeps you playing.It recreates everything players loved about the originals but remasters it. While everything's not quite there yet (Early access), what IS there gives you confidence in that the devs know what they want to create, and how they wish to go about it.My one gripe right now is the way the vehicles handle; everything is INCREDIBLY slippery and slight turns at high speed can REALLY screw up your drive. That and the lack of track variation right now does affect the replayability, but for so early in the EA lifespan plus Deathmatch with bots, and how well this project has progressed so far - it's almost a non-issue.And what's better than a PC game that has multiplayer splitscreen for good ol' party game fun?"
,Recommended,396900,23379350,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,AsssMaster3000,"Three tracks, two classes of car, only singular race modes and I’ve sunk 15 hours into this bad boy. Without a doubt, some of the best fun I’ve had in a racing game in a very long time. You’ll have your head tilting and body leaning into corners with these furious races.Pros:Fast & fun gameplay – jump into a race and put the peddle to the metal. Prepare to 'woo'Killer music – original soundtrack is loads of fun and really suits the vibe of the gameShort game is a good game – great for burst gameplay sessions when you have twenty min to killActual skill is involved – learning when to apply the brakes, deaccelerate and line up your jumps makes you feel like you’re becoming a better racer. Also learning how to cop a hit can save you from spinning out from a missileDifferent day, different mode – Multiple modes of play are fun. You have standard races, elimination races, battle arena mode and time trial will keep you occupiedDiverse tracks – all the tracks are very distinct and have their own unique feel. You can also reverse and mirror the tracks tooCons:Too easy – at first I struggled to take first position, but now I can snatch the trophy even when giving the AI a lap leadPhysics are inconsistent – much better than what they used to be, but the physics can get annoying when you’re airborne or collide with other racersStatic tracks – at the moment there is only one track which can have its course altered by racers. This feature is promised to be fleshed out, but for now it’s lackingPoints about early access:Updates occur about once a month, but they usually have substantial content. The physics engine is being worked on, so at the moment the car physics are a bit wonky. But I like to think that adds to the challenge. The developers are very active in the forums and chat to lowly peasants like myself. More tracks, cars, songs and modes to come.This game is incredible. Get it."
,Recommended,396900,22267103,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,bernd,First things first: The game has the Rollcage feeling i had back in the day on my PlayStation. Besides that one could say it has not enough content but for early access i am ok with the price.The game is not optimized in any way to any hardware.It heats up my system more brutal than RotTR on Ultra. My i7 4790k is up to 58°C and the Sapphire R9 390x is at 68°C after 5 minutes of gaming. Compared to RotTR on Ultra the CPU is at 41°C and the graphics card barely hits 50°C playing 30 minutes.You should keep an eye on your temperatures while gaming. Have fun.
,Recommended,396900,22205880,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,RnUk,pure nastalgia i played rollcage on pc back in the day for hours on end and to see that two of rollcages main developers helped with this i had to play it.......and was not dissapointed in the least
,Recommended,396900,30226334,Posted: 27 February,all,luna.,gOOD sTTUFS
76561197997548138,Recommended,396900,33110457,Posted: 1 July,all,Zer0,"Nice graphics and fun game, but really needs controller support in menus. The controller works fine once in a race but I have to get up and walk to my computer from across the house to start a race using keyboard & mouse. Please add full controller support!"
76561198277421918,Recommended,396900,32351021,Posted: 11 June,all,Jimmy Nailz,"I've had this a while now and really enjoy dipping in and out of it. It feels fast and intense. Yes, you can easily lose conrtol of your vehicle, but thats what makes it fun. If you think thats a negative, you need to get better at driving :-)Would love some new tracks though!"
76561198078431830,Recommended,396900,20940808,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SeejayDJ,"Really really fun. At first I thought it had a really big learning curve in skill because the speed was to fast, but then I learned that the game was set to hard mode automatically. I could plug in my controller, and despite it not working in the menu, it was flawless ingame. The game is fun and competiative and multiplayer, although has not been implemented yet, would be a fitting addition to the game. Arena mode is even more fun and competative and gives a real halo for the original xbox vibe. Overall, great game for just being released yesterday and I'm excited for the ptaches and added content to come. :D"
76561198200701363,Recommended,396900,20941237,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Realgamerforlife1,so i wasn't to sure about this game but after seeing all the positive reviews i decided to buy it and man i so glad i did everything the decription says about the game is 100 percent truth game is amazing no bugs or lags plays perfect for and early access awesome music to go with it and if you dont believe me check out my gameplay i did on it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eZIXnyCeX4
,Recommended,396900,34897938,Posted: 12 September,all,ccpkben,"Great game, nice graphics, very fast and hard to master. fun arcader. still needs alot added though, feels alittle bare bones still, not many tracks and cars. there no tournament part to the game which it really needs. Would still recommend if your in to your old school arcade racers"
76561198107416493,Recommended,396900,33706124,Posted: 21 July,all,SpieleMan,I really like this game a lot. It kinda gives me like a awesome combinetion of rocket league and a combat raceing game like mario kart. I can't wait for more updates.
,Recommended,396900,31118609,Posted: 13 April,all,Razor,"This is a review of GRIP in Early Access, one year after the unsucessful kickstater. GRIP is like Rollcage, I'am not sure if old devs are here but the gameplay and all, its Rollcage.When I found out that GRIP was being made despite the lack of interest in kickstarter (WTF?), and it was looking like this... well, just see some trailers, it brings back memories.As it stands, GRIP has around 8 tracks (plus reverse versions) and cars. Cars looks are customizable, still WiP, there are confirmed plans to add alot of parts in the future.The selling point is the chance to play Rollcage with UE4 graphics! it's perfect really!The campaign mode and more tracks will come  and the MP mode just released so get it and support this unique game."
76561198200961321,Recommended,396900,21102045,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,hermesreborn,you guys nailed it with the new update!
,Recommended,396900,21137174,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Bradlar17,"Nostalgic!This is literally the only game I've ever backed on kickstarter or any of tat jazz, simply because Rollcage stage 2 was the racing game of my childhood, when I heard that a company were remaking this I had to get involved. Within only minutes of playing I am simply thrown back to my childhood. This is the game I wanted 10 years ago, hopefully this game will be strongly developed and hope to see the implementation of the challenge courses which feature d in the original. The Playground of BSP's is a nice touch and I hope this gets expanded on too.Overall I cannot wait to see where this develops."
76561197969555320,Recommended,396900,21164691,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,totty,The XtremeG and Wipeout style racer PC is overdue for; fits the bill and then some.
76561198009810322,Recommended,396900,21201729,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sevuz,"(V.1.0.7)A blast from the past and the first Early Access game that I am happy to support.When I say blast… I MEAN BLAST. A high speed death trap with bombs, guns and missiles. No fancy sport cars here. These are death machines with enough horsepower to make other racing games look like a slow grandmother.(V. 1.1.7)Grip is getting better by each update. I can only strongly recommend people backing this game. 10 or 30 min of play, you will get a racer rush like nothing else."
76561198065777230,Recommended,396900,30967857,Posted: 5 April,all,Kirmm,"Kudos to developers for trying to preserve the Rollcage feel. You guys nailed it. The music, the controls - all there, plus insanely sexy graphics.All I want now is multiplayer improvements.This is pretty much a release, not an early access.Anyways, hope all the cash they recieve now from the sales will go into improved developement.Good luck."
76561197971541151,Recommended,396900,21181878,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,onidra,"Two days ago i was ♥♥♥♥♥ing at work how no one was doing a rollcage remake! Then i found this!sure its early access. sure its only got a few tracks at the mo.....BUT ITS ROLLCAGE! in all its high def glory, and if what iv played so far is anything to go by its gona be better than any that came befor it.one to keep and eye on! highly reccommended"
76561198193380891,Recommended,396900,29021575,Posted: 4 January,all,Shim,"Pros:- A lotta cool customisations, rims, tires, bodies, colors.- Beautiful maps, still look gorgeous at the lowest settings.- Different gamemodes to play around with.- Customisable game difficulty, other tweaks so you play whatever you are comfirtable with.Cons:- Requires a decent computer to be able to run at highest settings.- Early game, not a whole lot to choose from (updates are coming)- Could be really difficult to play when 1st launched (baby steps??)Overall:The game is totally worth bying if you like bullets, explosions, pretty landscapes, badass vehicles."
,Recommended,396900,26381382,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,siddNullus,Great gameplay.  Active developers  Timely updates.  Purchased to support future development.
76561198102067256,Recommended,396900,31239986,Posted: 19 April,all,Windows 94,"If NeuroFunk Drum N' Bass is your thing and ""Wipeout"" based futuristic racing aswell then this is your game!Originating from the Playstation ""Rollcage"" and ""Rollcage Stage II""GRIP is by far the best racing game I have come across in my 23 years of gaming.I've watched this game come from Steams Greenlight upto what it is now and although updates can be a pain to wait for...the developers make up for it with either a High Resolution bad♥♥♥♥♥Car or an Awe Inspiring HD Map that will twist and turn your brain as you race through it at break-neck speeds.Loved the original RollCage franchise and fallen in-love all over again with this beautiful HD Remake, there isn't an element left out by the devs and I can only imagine where this game will be in 1 years time.10/10 Would purchase again ;)"
76561197988100632,Recommended,396900,25707048,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Hanimeks,"I saw this a while ago and finally decided to give it a go. I can't stop playing. Graphics are fantastic and so smooth. The sound effects are great, I personally love the speed booster sound. I think the ability to use your own music is a great idea.With 'catchup' on and the AI on hard it is mayhem and so much fun.I recommend 100% thus far and can't wait for future updates."
76561198118522912,Recommended,396900,33885532,Posted: 29 July,all,xBadLucKx,"This game takes me back to Rollcage Stage II days back on Playstation. It was and still is one of my favorites that kept me coming back for more due to its intense races and intense challenges. Grip looks like it's striving to be that and more. Improvements and content being added There is a lot of potential here that would make this game fun to play for years to come.While combat racing is the heart of Grip, there are other modes including battle arena and carkour which adds variety to the gameplay.If you're in to combat racing then this is a game you'll definitely enjoy."
,Recommended,396900,26952476,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vicyo,The last bastion of combat racing.
76561197971201720,Recommended,396900,32409181,Posted: 14 June,all,Wolfbiker,Freakin awesome!
76561198331593933,Recommended,396900,33767054,Posted: 24 July,all,avoux1,nice game.I like shooting games and racing games. This is a good combination of the two.
,Recommended,396900,22078164,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,banana,"Mates and I loving this game so far playing multiplayer, excited to see its future!"
,Recommended,396900,32899380,Posted: 27 June,all,[QwertyUiop],Rollcage Stage 3 Deluxe Edition
76561198168681151,Recommended,396900,29939035,Posted: 15 February,all,biy4n,great game..when multiplayer active.??
,Recommended,396900,21816797,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,F___ING DETH,"Holy poop, this is so much fun.If you played Rollcage and liked it, you should buy this."
76561198002028615,Recommended,396900,30952967,Posted: 4 April,all,Waddles with Wolves,"Not a bad reboot of Rollcage, but this release still needs work. I'm writing this review on the first day that multiplayer came out. So far, it is a lot like the original; fast, hectic, cool music, cool ""cars, etc. What really bothers me is how unforgiving this game is. I'll go into pros and cons.Pros:+ beautiful graphics+ fast and exciting gameplay+ great art design, both with the cars and tracks+ classic Rollcage feeling+ soundtrack is perfectCons:- you will reset your car contantly from flying everywhere, reset is a necessary game mechanic- cars are flat out difficult to control... wall riding is common, despite brakes and ""drift"" (I see this with other players all the time too - refer to above con)- the camera is wonky; rather than staying behind your car, on tight turns and crashes the camera will do whatever- in multiplayer, collisions with other players are way off: you are likely to ricochet into the walls from hitting other players while they ride off unscathed- heavier cars are just betterThis game is fun and addicting, but it would be a little better if the cars were just easier to control themselves so they work better with the hectic combat, high speeds and hazard-littered racetracks. I'll still recommend, for nostalgia and early access."
76561198066138407,Recommended,396900,28667847,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheGeonaute,"Even if they stopped the developement of this game right now, it would still be totally worth for the price ; the graphics are amazing, very well optimized, a bunch of cars, of tracks, good music, and game mods, didn't experienced any bug... I thought that a next gen Rollcage was just a dream, well, it is real! I'm very excited and looking forward to the completion of the game!For the price it's just already more epic than most of the expansive disappointing blockbuster cash machines."
,Recommended,396900,22364687,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mr Tnk,"so i saw grip thought it looks great, graphically its amazing and if they was trying to capture the feel of rollcage they nailed it, even as early access i can't fault it and not encountered any bugs yet, i would highly recommend this game.brings back a lot of memories to rollcage."
,Recommended,396900,21709927,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,heartcoremitra,"You know, that sense then you was sitting there, at age of 8, for example, watching the opening cinematic and questioning yourself ""will i ever see such awesomeness like this intro..?"" and still the game as beatiful, flashing and emotive, like CTF_face, all theese futuristic constructions floating in the sky..And then like ten years later you sitting here and get that nostalgic feel, questioning yourself ""will i ever see the one of my school favorite games realised the way that it deserves to..?""And then you come across some title named ""GRIP"". And then you drop your jaw because THAT'S IT! Exactly one of the best PSX era racing games been reproduced with a proper vibe, awesome quality and great taste! That's just awesome!It's a musthave for all who seen the PSX era and just rally really good futuristic racing game, who haven't."
,Recommended,396900,30468501,Posted: 12 March,all,iuliancalin,its coolhope the developers make it so we can play online multiplayer
,Recommended,396900,22223722,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Gokai_Silver,Incredible racer. I loved Rollcage as a kid and this is a great tribute to that classic. Each update makes the game better and better.
,Recommended,396900,32728596,Posted: 24 June,all,Dinoworld112,"It's alot of fun even more so against other people but the ai are just as good and even better, could do with more maps though"
76561198123781574,Recommended,396900,32431990,Posted: 15 June,all,JSFSBR,YES!
,Recommended,396900,26188882,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Godman,first iteration of multiplayer is now here
,Recommended,396900,26166822,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Zayekk,Love it.
,Recommended,396900,35468351,Posted: 4 October,all,Olly,basically just modernised rollcage which is all you want it to be
,Recommended,396900,25860976,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Qirion,---- Early Access Game ----It's a rollcage remake that managed to be good. Really good.
76561197992816747,Recommended,396900,25377643,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,keeper,"Yes, its still a work in progress, but boy, trying that out was fun!Beforehand, I'm not the player with the most experience regarding racing games in here. My last really nice memory of a racing game was Rollcage, apart from gaming with kids with Mario Kart 8. GRIP fits well into that combination, actually.The good:Its massive fun to slam down acceleration and ram yourself through the track. Steering seems a bit assisted with regards of turning the car into the correct direction, but this could be just the better steering possible at low speeds. Anyways, its not bothering me much and adds to the flow of the game. Control of the cars is a bit rough, but ok if you step down from the gas sometimes. Rating of the tracks currently has only normal and hard a modes, I think that's accurate :) AI seems okGraphics are gorgeous! I'm trying the game on a beamer via the steam link and the steam controller and I'm blow away.The Bad:After 6 to 7 matches it gets a bit repetative. But this is due to the status of the game and I am rather sure that the finalized game will have more tracks and something like a league-mode.Nothing Ugly found so far, keep it up!"
,Recommended,396900,29762579,Posted: 7 February,all,DelegateVoid,This game is batshit crazy... in a good way!
,Recommended,396900,32490676,Posted: 16 June,all,brad67676,I forgot how to blink
,Recommended,396900,23044640,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MrAmazing79,"GRIP is definitely a great game to buy, but remember it's still in early access so not all of the features are there yet and I can't wait for the full game to be released."
,Recommended,396900,28957891,Posted: 2 January,all,PeachPaul,Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it! Its kinda cheap and so much fun!
,Recommended,396900,30948772,Posted: 4 April,all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"This is Early access.This is AwesomeThis is worth itThis is Spar.t..a...ehm... GRIP !!Yes the Graphics , Sound effect , Music it's all perfect..The controls feel smooth, the racing is well done, feels like a proper intense arcade...Ai is fun to race against, lots of options.LOVE IT TO BITS !!Would buy again and again, DEVS keep up the good work !!10/10"
76561198083908506,Recommended,396900,21968133,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,VooDoo,"Man! This game is totally awesome even now, considering it's only in pre-alpha! It brings back the old memories of my old time favourite racing game Rollcage I-II which were among the first games I ever played on PC. The developers catched the essence of the good old speed&thrill combo, and mounted it on a modern engine which looks awesome! The game sure has potential, and can be a lot of fun (not to mention the splitscreen awesomeness), so have fun with it, I do recommend!"
76561198057320112,Recommended,396900,20952889,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kabumi,Speed: TrackmaniaPhysix: NFS (Arcady)Grafix: UE4Environment: Mad MaxFun: 10/10
,Recommended,396900,27903105,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wasptube1,"If you are old enough to remember Rollcage Stage 2 on PC and PS2 you will LOVE this game and If not, you will LOVE this game all the same. Join the Future of Arcade Racing.."
,Recommended,396900,20925616,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,MrGangrene,This is straight up mario kart on crack for adults...Going 700 Km/h upside down with a rocket chasing your buthole shooting a minigun at the guy in front of you in a tunnel the size of a garden-hose pretty much sums this game up in a sentence.On top of that the game comes with a ridiculous drum & bass soundtrack.This is one of those games you do not want to miss out on.Do yourself a favor and get this one! ;)
76561198118707912,Recommended,396900,20968251,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TheBigTed,"Fast! Fun! Fantastic!Anyone who played the original Rollcage games back on the Ps1 will adore this reboot. I have waited many years for someone to remake this game and this does not disappoint. I cannot wait to see where they go with this game and it's nice to come across a good early access game that's not riddled with bugs.For the other people moaning about the physics and controls, this is what makes this game what it is, I wouldn’t have it any other way. Nice to see developers keeping to the roots of a classic. Bravo."
,Recommended,396900,20936684,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,EK2,"Its Very Fun!! Perfomance on the Asus GTX 970 Turbo is perfect.I would love to see an option to choose windowed mode or full screen windowed mode, other than that, the music playlist is fantastic, hope more is on the way :)"
,Recommended,396900,20971794,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,NomadRomeo,"AHHHHH QUE DELÍCIA DE JOGO CARAA!Rápido pra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ intenso e é divertido até quando você chega em último!Está em pré alpha mas está bem sólido, bem desenvolvido e LEVE!Tive que levar o PC pro banheiro, pois a cada jogada era uma♥♥♥♥♥♥duma gozada.TA PEGANDO FOGO BIXOOOOOOOOO!"
76561198163825593,Recommended,396900,21444158,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Head Ass Nigga,"This game is awsome. It has great graphics and gameplay, expecialy for an early access. This game will evolve to be one of the best. It reminds me of when I was 6 and 7 playing the rollcage games on my ps2."
76561198173606567,Recommended,396900,24454754,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,KeinSchiesse,"""Roads...? Where were going we don't need 'roads' ""A great futuristic racer with all of the familiar ""tropes"" from what made the original inspiring series so awesome.TLDR: Worth Buying! Great graphics, sweet electronic tunes and fluid controls.Sleek design, a unique mechanic of driving on any surface at high speeds, and the unbridled speed and chaos of launching yourself at high velocity into a wall only to barrel off and continue blazing along down the track. This stays true to its source material by including a great soundtrack with heavy electronic tunes that blast along as you continue down the track. Some cool weapon pickups (I wish the warphole weapon of the original were here still!) and great track design.If you remember the PS1 era futuristic racer (Rollcage) this has all the original trappings of that great series and more, presented with a stylish visual update. If you're a fan of futuristic racing games or racing games in general it deserves a playthrough especially if you have never experienced the series before.As far as future content goes, the tracklist is very limited as of 07/22/16 at  there are only 4 tracks and no League Mode as of yet. It appears the developers intend to include at least league mode. Hopefully some tracks similar to the levels in the original i.e. a downtown metropolis / futuristic city, a coastal area with building struts you can take out to take down buildings, a lava level, etc... Would be great to see! What matters is what content that is presented is very well done. I almost feel I could do without the playground, deathmatch, and elimination modes in favor of a more robust league / cup tournament mode and more levels.If you're a fan of the old series Rollcage it's a no-brainer purchase. If you're a fan of racing games otherwise, it's worth experiencing. If you're a fan of electronic tunes and futuristic stuff / cart esque racers with weapon pickups, you'll probably dig it. This is the best futuristic racer available on Steam as of 2016, hands-down. A great addition to a great franchise."
,Recommended,396900,31303935,Posted: 22 April,all,Scud,"Fast paced action combat racer, fun weapons with apparently more coming, a bunch of great tracks so far with only a few minor bugs, a bunch of different cars with varying strengths/weaknesses to choose from.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys arcade-style combat racing."
,Recommended,396900,31022181,Posted: 8 April,all,Empti,"The modern reincarnation of the Rollcage series. What you will find here are high speed races combined with weapons and a great high-energy soundtrack. That's all there is to it, but that's all that it needs to be. The simplicity of this game is what makes it so fun and easy to pick up. The devs have been putting out updates every couple months and seem to be here to stay, so I would recommend buying into it, even during early access."
76561198053090471,Recommended,396900,26294025,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SobeK,"REVIEW UPDATE BELOW!!!!Hey, i really like to say that i recommend this game because i loved Rollcage back on playstation. I know that GRIP is in an early state, so i hope they work on the physics and especially the behavior from the ""cars"". My personal problem is that it feels like you drive on the moon. For example, if you drive over a little stone, your car will feel like it was a ramp or something. If i drive straight ahead and like to get a little to the right, the car floats and feels not controllable. There are times were i think i have a good controll over the game , and its enjoyable, but then comes ONE little thing and it feels like your car is totally out of controll and fly around and chaos! I am not the best racing game player but i think that THIS game works better if the controlls a more ""arcade"" then phiscally TOO correct or like an simulation.SO lets make it short.Game looks awesome !Soundtrack very very cool !!!Really great ideas of gamemodes and tracks !......Controls ( Steering, behavior etc.) is NOT GOOD!!!!!......I wish they work on the Problem and i hope i am not the only one with this Problem. Also i wish that they maybe make some old rollcage courses into the new style :) !I dont know if i should give thumbs up or down now, cause its just ONE thing that isnt good on this game. But this ONE  is the most importantly thing! I choose thumbs down. But keep in mind that if they fix that one thing, it will become my new favourite of all racing games :) !!!(sorry for my bad english!)REVIEW UPDATE 25.DEC.2016WOW . This is what i call an update!! Now the game is much much better and makes more fun. It is not perfect now but you can play it and have a really good time. I now can recommend this Game to you if you like fast and futuristic racing games. Grip is not a simulation game and i like it ! its action, fast, fun, drumnbass !!! you should play it :) !!"
76561197963414540,Recommended,396900,31430699,Posted: 28 April,all,ExploitedPixels,"Fantastic! I bought it almost as soon as it was available, and to be honest there was more promise than game. It is really starting to deliver at this point. It is vary similar to Wipeout in many ways and of the same era, if you don't remember the game Rollcage. Flipping trucks instead of hovering cars."
76561198079716735,Recommended,396900,29568069,Posted: 29 January,all,Furma,"Pros:- excellent graphics (latest unreal engine) + it has 21:9 support as of recently- excellent music (Drum'n'Bass)- fun- dedicated developers that push out big patches every month- choose between several game modes (pure racing, racing with weapons, elimination, arena elimination, etc)Negs:- still plenty to do- lack of content in games current state - after 30min you will see everything this game has to offer"
76561198066231005,Recommended,396900,29489492,Posted: 25 January,all,ZITAPIS,I dont think i ever had so much fun at a game just by playing with bots. Cant wait for the online and 4 player spit screen multiplayer. I believe when this game is released it will be at a lvl of a triple A game. 16 euro is totally nothing for this much goodness. Im keeping in mind the potential of the game while writting this review though with hopes for things that need to be improved
,Recommended,396900,29572088,Posted: 29 January,all,PapaMemay (TeeJammer),"Amazing racing game! I'm hooked now, I can't stop playing 0-0. The game really gets your blood pumping and has you on the edge of your seat. I would highly recommend!"
76561198027198152,Recommended,396900,30120600,Posted: 23 February,all,Johan,"Great game! Really has that old school racing feel. A bit fast in the beginning, but after a while I got better and better. Really a lot of fun. Can't wait for multiplayer."
,Recommended,396900,30964728,Posted: 5 April,all,Riki,rollcage evolution
76561198128770969,Recommended,396900,32784417,Posted: 25 June,all,KZO,"Dont get wrong I love this game, for the first hour its amazing, but anytime after that it gets a little repetitive and extremely annoying. Id say only buy this game when its on offer."
76561198182567669,Recommended,396900,29481587,Posted: 25 January,all,the.noffke,GRIPping
76561198347217967,Recommended,396900,29598950,Posted: 30 January,all,Umbrajay,"Ok. Remember playing hot wheels when you were young?Shooting up your brothers and sisters' vehicles and learnig how to be a general douch, While occasionally pulling off stunts.  This game is Very nice and you would definitely get the same feeling from here. It's fast and the mech-like vehicles gives you a weird sense of badassery without doing really anything.The only real Items I have to pick with this is: Lack of barriers, bounce physics and machine gun.Barriers because it is amazing to get on a mountain and be able to just flip or flop off of and back to stage.(Made me think of Mass Effect), BUT! flying off  into them amidst heat is really annoying. One major flop and that race is done.(Speaking of when online was to hit).Bounce Physics. In some parts of the maps there are spots In the middle of the road where you can just flip out.Sky Track Has landing points where you will pop off of the road, and if you have played the track for a long while you notice, falling off is the easiest thing to do there.  Missile? Off you go. Machine gun> Goodbye. Random wreck because all other racers spun out due to bounce? You know the drill. Just tone down the bouncing on the road.Machine Gun. This seems to be overpowered. I know this isnt finished but just so you know. Machine Gun makes the vehicles hit bounce and swerve (of course) as long as you keep hitting them. It takes down the opponents full shield and can still kill that opponent IF you tardet only him. All in one. Maybe im wrong ther, but i'm positive I've destroyed may cars by just slowing down and letting it go.Oh, You can glitch through Sky Track. Besides these, This is just an awesome game.Lastly, I thought having to hand break just to make a small turn sometimes was a pain, but the vehicles are massive and it began to feel good.Edit: Last Last thing... Hitting barrels that are strewn about and flying because of it. Make them pause you, Not send you packing."
76561198148843622,Recommended,396900,32782991,Posted: 25 June,all,anas_alhosni,Really Fun but... lacking of full controller support. I don't see why would someone use a mouse and keyboard for a racing game. 🤦🏽‍♂️
76561198101864955,Recommended,396900,32811970,Posted: 26 June,all,Tenuki,"Nice, awesome game.I found out about this game after buying Redout (a Wipeout adaptation). Well, turns out that Grip is waaaay better. Still in beta stage but already a good game. It needs some polishing, but it's already fun.So, if you like fast arcade racing with shooting powerups, this is your game. If you're solely interested in the racing and would like to forget about powerups, Redout is the way to go."
,Recommended,396900,32856934,Posted: 27 June,all,Mateo,pure fun
76561198204070969,Recommended,396900,31105755,Posted: 12 April,all,J7ong,This game is very well done. The graphics are nice and simple.Really puts your reflexes to the test!
76561197994892339,Recommended,396900,26651244,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,should be doing my hw,"I love this game, and I'd eventually like to see this be *4 way split screen*! Also controls and physics need work, but so far, its an awesome game that's a lot of fun to play!"
,Recommended,396900,33991222,Posted: 3 August,all,G O O D B O Y,Not bad for an early access
,Recommended,396900,30952263,Posted: 4 April,all,cKy Stew,"Yep, initial impression is that this is pretty fricking cool. Very high quality for an early access title.Pros:- Multiplayer worked really well, considering  they just put it out at the time of me writing this. Easy and reliable to match up with friends.- Well optimized. FX8350/970 - everything on ultra and silky smooth.- Beatiful looking.- While strange at first, the handling of the cars is pretty decent and doesn't take long to get used to.- The banging dnb soundtrack.- Track design.- Good selection of game modes.- Devs seem very devoted to this project.- Bots are smart enough to enjoy single player thourougly.Cons:- Some cars seem OP.- Crashes can be a little too unforgiving.- No controller support in menus as of yet.- Can't think of much else here!All in all 9/10 - refreshing to play an early access game that feels this good."
,Recommended,396900,22527471,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,davesunday,"Yep, just what I expected from the guys who did rollcage. Damn good early access game here.  Shows some true potential.  If you liked rollcage at all this one is a no brainer, you gotta get this.  Very fun and flowing even in this early access stage.  Good job guys!"
76561197965608769,Recommended,396900,26610954,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,S-Domain,"I always thought rollcage was one of the coolest racing games when I was a kid.  Fortunately this game doesn't disapoint.  The graphics are very nice with the unreal 4 engine.  Split screen is very fun.  The foundation is there for a great game.  It's been in early access for almost a year now.  I feel the game just needs ""more"" at this point.  More cars, levels, pickups and a little more customization with the cars and this will be a for sure buy.  Here's to hoping this game doesn't end up in early access forever."
76561197970719813,Recommended,396900,32337600,Posted: 11 June,all,horsky,Holy smokes!!!Grip is just getting better and better with every update. So much fun and feel. I can just praise it on every level.Big thanks to the team delivering this forgotten gem and improving on it on every level.
76561197960977096,Recommended,396900,32240698,Posted: 7 June,all,RoboX,"A really fun and well made racing game.  It  has some bugs and some of the tracks need small redesigns. It's still well worth the low price tag, and the developers keep updating it and making it better all the time. Runs well on my system: AMD RX460 2GB, i7 Haswell, 8GB RAM.The only real drawback for me is that I can't play it on my Linux machine (yet?)."
,Recommended,396900,31008571,Posted: 7 April,all,Diesel Uterus,"This is awesome.Can't wait for a bit more depth but all in all, amazing game!"
76561198025607063,Recommended,396900,21037028,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,McPickle,Amazing. Could do with in air controls because as soon as you get in the air you just have to wait and pray that you land in the same direction haha. Really good game even in early access stage. Cant wait for more.
,Recommended,396900,21075287,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ノナク,Allready love it
,Recommended,396900,21085431,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Antigod,"ROLLCAGE IS BACK!!!! Ok, its not rollcage, but....well, it is. And for those that dont know what rollcage is, (shame on you!), think of it like, if Mariokart and Rocketleague, took lots of coccaine, had sex, this is the love child. If you like speed, you'll love this, its like no other racing game ever made. But more than that, its difficult in a way that when you get it right, you feel like the baddest mutha ever and everyone should bow to your greatness.The game is still in early access which means bugs, but not as many as i thought, the main ones being collisions sometimes causes cars to get stuck, if you get knocked off track it can be a pain getting back on especially if its walled. But other than that its smooooooooth. It currently has no online multiplayer but does support local split screen but if i was you, id get it now and get practicing...you will need it!10/10 would snort this s**t again!"
,Recommended,396900,21088476,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Re-Load__,THIS IS THE PINNACLE OF GAMING/10
,Recommended,396900,21116439,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mopork Hamcrusher,"This game will be ♥♥♥♥ing awesome in a few months. Worth the buy to get used to it, so you can trash people when this game gets big"
,Recommended,396900,21131406,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,daletfours,"Grip's got tons of potential.I've never played the Rollcage games (which I'm actually kinda disappinted about since I grew up with a PS1) but this game will still feel nostalgic if you've ever played any old school arcade racer. The cars do take some getting used to; like a lot of people have mentioned, I got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked to hell and back on my first race. A couple of rounds later, though, and I was consistently placing higher on the game's default difficulty settings. Hell, I even won one race. The battle arena mode is fun too, and it'll be a total blast if online multiplayer makes it into the game. The weapons that are already in the game feel good, the cars have a great sense of speed to them, the tracks are pretty well designed (although there's not a lot yet) and the sound design's great. I LOVE drum and bass, so the kickass soundtrack is a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome bonus.The one and only negative thing I can think of so far is the game's sheer lack of content. As of right now, there's: 1 car, 3 tracks, and 3 battle arenas (I haven't tried out the ""playground"" thing yet). But that's fine since the game's in early access...the devs have shown us what they plan to do and this game can only get better as they add more content and tweak what's already here. The game runs great for me; I have a 6-core AMD processor, 8 gigs of RAM, and a GTX 970 (which is still an admittedly powerful card) and so far on max settings I've never seen a single dip below 60fps. The one guy who said this game is terribly unoptimized must be running Grip on a literal toaster; for an early access game running on Unreal 4, Grip is as smooth as hot butter.Just a quick note to the devs if they ever see this: It'd be cool if cars had health meters in races; I feel like blowing up and respawning might be a little less punishing in some situations. It'd also be neat if we saw the arena mode expanded with deathmatch-style rounds or even some team gameplay. Just suggestions; don't get me wrong, the game's already a ton of fun.Final verdict: Grip's a real breath of fresh air in a racing genre currently plagued with an over-emphasis on realism. It just wants you to have fun. I suggest you buy it now before the price goes up!"
76561198039287557,Recommended,396900,31031281,Posted: 8 April,all,Haplo1274,Love it.  Great job y'all - Godspeed!
,Recommended,396900,31124512,Posted: 13 April,all,Heyer Mäister,"This is a very good game, I like it and recommend it for every ultimate racer and rollcage fans!I waited a long time to see this type of game again in this form and now here it is.So thanks to the developers, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,396900,33392864,Posted: 8 July,all,Barrel,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing fast its not even funny. This is an intense as hell gravity defying racing game that is tons and tons of fun! I just wish it had more maps and stuff!!!
76561198320246663,Recommended,396900,24886775,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Noobasaurus_rekt,"This game takes me way bak to my Playstation (1st gen) days. This is a really good homage to the Rollcage games I loved from my youth. The graphics and sound design are on point, the controls are what I remember from all those years ago and the feel of speed is very real. I thouroughly enjoy this game.There are however, two things this game is missing:1. destructable environment2. customisable controls for game padsOther than that this game is a surefire fun fest."
,Recommended,396900,25119617,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BEEFonPC,"AMAZING! It is a must buy if you love combat racing games or grew up playing Ja X ike me. Never played the first Grip but this is really only the most modern combat racing game out there, so the nostalgia is there. Highly recommned this to anyone that loves this genre, so support this title if you do. There is also a hug update coming in the next few months that overhauls the game. This is my first ealy access game so i am not sure if the price goes up once it is finished."
,Recommended,396900,25746563,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Combocookie [BE] Hail GabeN,This game is fun. But not finished (yet). It still needs multiplayer and some patching.Then it will be one of the best combat racer games!I recommend this game.
,Recommended,396900,33531956,Posted: 14 July,all,Jake the Dog,So much fun.10/10 would crash at 500km/h again!
,Recommended,396900,26754621,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,!MaškrtniK_,Childhood in 1 game :-) i play the first versions (roll cage)....its upgraded game but it have the same target....WIN it !
76561198064994337,Recommended,396900,29067244,Posted: 6 January,all,Nomad,"GRIP, a game that is aiming to return to the unique style of car combat racing games that were Rollcage & Rollcage 2.The developers vision is very apparent, they know exactly what they want this game to be, and represent. High octane driving that will literally make your head spin as you try your best to keep control of your car as you fly down the race track at 300mph+.Winning in this game isn't just about being fast, regardless of what style of race event you are entering. It's about driving on each of the beautifully designed and well crafted tracks intelligently. Using the multiple routes the tracks offer you to your advantage, using the speed boosts effectively, collecting power ups and using them to pummel your opposition into submission all the while avoiding their returning fire. The AI are intelligent and aggressive, requiring you to keep your tactics changing almost instantly on the fly throughout the race. (I can only imagine what racing against real people will be like)The game also features a stellar soundtrack, it's one of the few games in my library where instead of having my own music blasting in place of the games, I happily turn up the in-game music and enjoy it.This game is indeed a very worthy spiritual successor to Rollcage & Rollcage 2. I cannot reccomend it enough to anyone who enjoyed those games, or who enjoy a tough, yet very rewarding combat racing game. Definetly worth the asking price."
,Recommended,396900,30992013,Posted: 6 April,all,Spongus,"+Great soundtrack+Cool car designs+Intense, over the top speed+Well made maps+-Somewhat bland powerupsI'll update this once I play more."
,Recommended,396900,32914801,Posted: 27 June,all,ALiieNzZ,"child hood in a nutshell, love it."
,Recommended,396900,33235350,Posted: 4 July,all,DerBunman™,Yes! This game feels so good and tight. Would recommend without hesitation.
,Recommended,396900,25863975,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RaptorTheDragon,"Happy to see rollcage is back!!I feel like the maps from the previous game should be added onto this, would be very nostalgic."
,Recommended,396900,28813820,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,T_Eighteen,"after playing this game for 30 minutes. i was amazed by how well this game was designed, its brilliant. for a small team of 10 people, the developers of this game have done a wonderful job at creating a game based off the Rollcage game from way back in 1999 - 2000. There is still some improvements to be made to this game, but overall, the game is fantastic. For it being very new, it's very well optimised and i have no issues playing at low-medium settings with my 920m.i highly recommend this game to everyone, even if your not a fan of racing games. This game brins racing and combat to a whole new level,"
,Recommended,396900,25079690,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Diapolo 10 [FIN] [YTR],"GRIP brings back all the good Rollcage memories I have, turbocharges them and puts drugs into the engine. You can truly feel the speed when moving at speeds exceeding 700km/h while dodging your fellow racers' weaponry.For an early access game, the graphical quality is really good. The cars are a bit difficult to drive without any Rollcage experience, but the controls are intuitive enough to allow for quick adaption.I'd recommend this game to all of my friends!UPDATE (10.12.2016):Since I posted this review, a lot of things have happened. Online multiplayer is currently in public beta, there are new cars, car customisation, new tracks and a completely redesigned main menu UI. All in all, the improvements are absolutely fantastic!"
76561197999002883,Recommended,396900,28800517,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mr Keller,"A stunningly made throwback right into my childhood. They've now even included the friggin' Speedbowl!If you want an extremely fun, yet frustratingly difficult racing game, look no further.This here will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very last mind-bendingly fast turn."
,Recommended,396900,29038933,Posted: 5 January,all,Settler of Catan,"The gameplay is awesome.  The physics are awesome.  The soundtrack is awesome.  The high speed is really satisfying when you get on a role.Need to add native support for Dualshock 4, though DS4 tool isn't complicated.Please if and when a PS4 version is released, make it cross platform if at all possible.  Also it would be especially awesome if when online multiplayer is released, it is possible to use splitscreen at the same time as online.  Perhaps also increase splitscreen to a max of 4 players so I can game across 4 monitors with 3 others.I know core gameplay is the focus right now in development, but I bought a gift copy of this game for my friend who was not familiar with Rollcage, but was familiar with Drome Racers.  One thing he would have liked is some sort of introduction to the game (maybe an introduction or tutorial track).  The campaign mode is still up and coming, I know, and I assume there will be some sort of introduction there as well.  Maybe sort tracks by difficulty, also.If you guys can get this game polished out and get some marketing for it- maybe get in contact with some other influential Rollcage fans (maybe Sony), and show them how great and unique the concept is, I truly believe this game will sell millions.  Maybe you could get some more people working on it too so you can get it out earlier (hint hint wink wink)."
76561198040766804,Recommended,396900,25255004,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tenton,if This had a janis joplin soundtrack...its be the perfect car game.
,Recommended,396900,28739148,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shpatnek,"When I was younger I loved this game and it is back!!!At the beginning I was afraid to buy it because, keyboard user..., but you can get used to it.So... About controlls when you press the turn button it should react immediately but its not and when you turn ( pushing turn button to the limit ) it feels like its not enough.So my suggestion is make it immediately react when you push a button and make it more turnable? just a little bit, because in such and amazing, epic, fast phasing game you dont need to use brakes only if you feel you gonna fail a turn. Feels like you gonna lose 1-3 positions if you gonna use a brake.Another suggestion is, when you take a tool / weapon make voice speech to tell you what kind of fool / wep yoo took, it will help a lot.Shield feels a little too long... I mean if wep / tool is taken by someone and you won't get it then make shield shorter or leave as it is if everyone could take it.Another thing is game UI could be better before you launch a game, come on it's 2016! :DLater on you could add car decal ( graffity, random lines, flames, camo etc), rims.Can't wait for more weapons, tracks, car.Music is amazing."
76561198015166237,Recommended,396900,33419436,Posted: 9 July,all,Any =*=,Good old Rollcage? Nope... brand new and greater then ever!I am waiting for this more then a decade! Perfect combat racing with familiar feeling familiar handling and familiar weapons and of course awesome oldschool D'n'B soundtrack (like I was back in my 16th :D )Definately worth of any buck I spent on it. :)
76561197975026290,Recommended,396900,24892566,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Masje,"Great game guys! I hope there will be more tracks soon, and a league"
76561198326012132,Recommended,396900,25044972,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,gregorybriscoe89,"Truly amazing game, I've played Rollcage on the PS1 and this is an awesome remake. Would definately reccommend to petrol heads :D Graphics are stunningly beautiful now, alongside the good ol' extremely high speeds, just generally so much fun! Maybe bring back some of the old stuff from the PS1 games? Y'know, like the vehicles or even some tracks, that would be really awesome! Unity Genesis FTW! :3 Can't wait to see more content & tweaks, really fantastic job, guys."
76561198152336000,Recommended,396900,25308825,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,minty HITMAN  hatton,this game is mint cant wait for multiplayer BRING IT ON
76561197998066438,Recommended,396900,28986534,Posted: 3 January,all,Dr. Jones,"Awesome game; me and my brother was great fans of Rollcage and this stuff has same feel, and much better graphics! Keep up with the fabulous work guys!"
76561198244648322,Recommended,396900,31573175,Posted: 5 May,all,-Your Average Tourist-,It's LIT. Good plays and the ppl are nice.
,Recommended,396900,28987718,Posted: 3 January,all,LordDaimos,This game is great even though it could use some more levels. If you enjoyed the old Rollcage game this will be right up your alley! You'll get a ton of fun for the price and it will probably just get better with time!
,Recommended,396900,22329645,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Slappy Flapjacks,Very great concept. This game has much potential but has many problems that I and friends encountered.-Very laggy-Trouble with controller-No online multiplayer (from the 15 minutes I played)This game I hope will be amazing when it comes out of early access and then I'll totally buy it
,Recommended,396900,33266766,Posted: 5 July,all,AZERTY62130,It's a very good game but something is missing:A WORKSHOP !There are good levels but not a lot of levels and to correct this it is necessary that users creates level and after that there would be thousands of levels !
76561198040905282,Recommended,396900,29577512,Posted: 29 January,all,devilman,"This game is perfect. The level design is amazing, the cars are very well designed, the soundtrack is superb and the velocity sensation is awesome. After the latest update the game becomes even more perfect. I can`t wait to see new tracks on new other planets."
,Recommended,396900,29546967,Posted: 28 January,all,The Derpinator,"Love the effects and animations and maps, its just a very well done game! So worth it! But multiplayer is not available yet so I can't wait for that later update!! :)"
76561198105784224,Recommended,396900,29233050,Posted: 13 January,all,plusfour,Love it!
76561198059325110,Recommended,396900,21913432,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Silverviolet,Genuine happiness is:Spiralling over first place in a tunnel and then dropping a mine in his face to seal his fate.
76561198201931343,Recommended,396900,24376656,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,MACO,"Brilliant Game!Never had so much fun playing a racing gameSteering is perfectGame looks awesomeDiffrent game modes, not only racing"
76561198024270997,Recommended,396900,24455545,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,loupfu,"Early state, so, not much content, but if you like explosive futuristic races with weapons, this game might be for you.Excellent gameplay, it's simple but require skill and sang-froid. The game is very dynamic and uncompromising !Graphics are nice and the sensation of speed is well transcribed. Very good feedback, pad in hand !And, little detail, but I love the engine sounds. As if the engine was accompanied by a kind of turbine of future !I never played Rollcage, but all that I know, I really like Grip !"
,Recommended,396900,24703818,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,PlazmaNitro,"WARNING: This review was written when this game was in Early Access. If and/or when the title is fully released, I wll eventually get around to changing my review to reflect that.I may have played the original Rollcage once in my life, years ago. Whatever the case, I had one of the toys as a child and loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.I bought grip because it looked fun and I wanted combat racing without mario in it. It's been a lot of fun. The weapons are alright, the car handling is okay, and the wallriding/upside-down driving functionality works great. The missile pathing still needs some work, but the devs have been on that from the getgo, trying to get it right. The physics in the game also need some work, as hitting things can send you flying in directions and ways that don't make much sense. Don't worry too much, as the devs have tweaked the physics in every patch, and are trying very hard to get it right.Now, is the game worth the price? Eehhh.....maybe. Depends on you really. It is a ton of fun though, and you should play it for a few hours before you really drop it. And if you're having a ton of trouble flying instead of driving, try turning down the engine power in the settings."
,Recommended,396900,21220866,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[CGC] Ryan Seacrest,Accidentally slammed into a small cramped space.Car turned into an ostrich.Tried to do a jump.Car turned into an ostrich.Tried to jump again.Car fell off the map.Tried another jump.Car went haywire and caused me to fall into last position.--10/10 would slam into small spaces and make awesome jumps again.
76561198260397327,Recommended,396900,26064014,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ripmint,"Fantastic game.It does have enough tracks for now, but I hope more will come out soon. Each track has a different theme and difficulty.Graphics are very neat and physics are tight too.Cars are somewhat customizable which is always nice.Can't wait for the Multiplayer update.Few issues -I wish that cars had bit more steering physics to them.Xbox controller doesn't work in menus at the moment.Customized cars don't save?Other than that 8/10"
76561198009874533,Recommended,396900,29834412,Posted: 10 February,all,Mr Combover,"Things I liked about GRIP:The overwhelming sense of speed it gives.The huge weight of the vehicles that you can feel while driving.The awesome graphics.The powerful sound FX of the combined internal combustion and jet (rocket?) engines.The atmospheric racing circuits on several different planets.The absurd amount of practice and luck necessary to win on highest difficulty (just like it was in the Rollcage games).The community-oriented developers with their regular updates to the game.Things I did not like about GRIP (even considering it is still in Early Access):The sheer lack of tooltips/explanations for in-game settings. You have to browse the internet to know what some of them do or how they do it.On the final note: while reading some of the game forums and lurking in the GRIP community for a short while, I got the impression that the developers still cannot decide how to make GRIP appeal to the old fans of Rollcage games while at the same time being attractive to the casual gamers (you know, so that they do not rage quit before the 2 hour mark and decide to refund). I'm afraid this might not end well for anybody. Only time will tell, I passed my 2 hour mark already.The game is a little gem that needs a bit more polish. Well, actually, it needs a lot of hard work...Still, well worth the money and your (scarce) time you might want to invest in it."
,Recommended,396900,25956910,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,harmlesshamster,"I kind of liked this.What I liked:1. The weapons.2. It was fast.3. It was colorful.4. The car reset button was useful.Things I wish they would change: ""In qoutes are the developer's word""1. Objects in the road that stop us dead interupts the flow - and thus the enjoyment.""1. We will be adding destruction to the game, just need more time. We've always wanted to do this, just we haven't been able to dedicate the resources thus far :/""2.Allow use to use our computer gaming mouse to steer.3. The tracks seem just way too short. Give us a track editor? That would rock!Assessment:I have to be honest the one thing that turned me off is the stavery to the A & D turning mechanism. I cannot see myself playing this unless I can use my computer gaming mouse to move my car with precision.Look, you guys responded to a nobody gamer. You see people? We need more developers that actually RESPOND to your needs AFTER the game is put out.Chris, you are the opposite of Sean Murray. Thank you for taking my thoughts and considerations into serious account.Even if you do not implement mouse control, provide a track designer or even make the obstacles destructable, I would recommend this game for the sole fact that you LISTEN to your customers and fans.Thank you, Chris."
,Recommended,396900,29009684,Posted: 4 January,all,Barcel,"So this is supposed to be Rollcage's legacy - but I've never played it.Instead - imagine Rocket League, but without balls (and yet you need those still) and with guns, missiles, afterburners and tracks that go like: ""WOOOOAH, DUDE, WHERE'S UP?""Also looks darn good.AND FINALLY A GAME WORTHY OF HAVING SPLIT SCREEN."
,Recommended,396900,25555341,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Quad849,"Best update so far, control over the vehicle greatly improved, the new leves are beautiful and fun, the overal game have growth nicely, and yes, the new menu its amazing."
,Recommended,396900,25845604,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Casepb,Caged Element Inc. is awesome to the max for bringing back Rollcage.  21:9 support would be nice though!
,Recommended,396900,29512680,Posted: 26 January,all,usuallee76,"Whoa! You've got the makings of a good game here. Never played the original Rollcage, but futuristic racers like WipeOut, F Zero, Extreme G, etc. have always been faves. Grip along with RedOut are two great discoveries that take the genre into HD. The gameplay is very good although it is too easy to get hung up on stuff which can be frustrating. I guess I just need to play more and get better!Now we just need a deep career mode a la Redout and some more tracks. What's here is really fun. Kudos. Money well spent."
76561198213825456,Recommended,396900,32155022,Posted: 3 June,all,yuanjia13,Awesome game. Brings back the good ole days of rollcage with updated sound and graphics. Best money i have spent on a game in years.
,Recommended,396900,24816442,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,aquacharge,GRIP is truely going to be a successor to Rollcage and Rollcage Stage 2. If you have never played Rollcage before GRIP is going to feel like a huge learning curve in racing games compared to something like GRID or Dirt.
76561198196677913,Recommended,396900,25536373,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Vampirai,"Wow this game is comming along nicely,love the new car and track.Cant wait what the devs add/do next after multiplayer."
,Recommended,396900,29883140,Posted: 12 February,all,Weaponized Autizms,"So you used to play Rollcage? So you used to think you were the bee's knees. So that copper wasn't as good as he thought he was. But look now, you're here. Looking at the store page for what is quite frankly, my most anticipated game ever! I've been waiting for something like this to come along, and in the unreal engine no doubt!The devs are working hard on the game and making it from the ground up, and so far it's looking slick. If you do decide to buy this game (Which I highly reccomend) then join the Discord server, the devs are active on there and will listen to any feedback you may have.I love this game so much, and can't wait to see this through to the end!"
76561197997921425,Recommended,396900,29599604,Posted: 30 January,all,birdhouse00754,"Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game! JUST DO IT! i did not hesitate once i found this game.its a remake of a classic (in my opinion) for an old ps2 combat racing game called Rollcage!its so much fun, you will not regreat this buy!"
,Recommended,396900,25257322,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BlackSquid,"Every racing game I have ever played, I have thought to myself ""It's good, but... It's not rollcage"". But no longer!The game is amazing, and you have a LOT of fun playing it - the sense of speed is incredible. Powerups turn the tide of the race, and can easily knock someone in first place in to last if timed right. The level design is very very well made too.My only concern with this game is that it probably won't remain active online for very long. I found this game by watching some rollcage videos randomly online - it's not ""front page stuff"" at the moment.Online multiplayer will need a ""hook"" to keep people playing it - unlockable customisations like rocket league would be really cool."
,Recommended,396900,28980713,Posted: 3 January,all,W!SS,"a game like Rollcage and Mega Race for about the price of a single day meal?COUNT ME IN!!This is still in Early Access, but if you love Racing with an action twist including Missles, Machine Guns, Mines and lots of speed, Drift, crazy jumps and beautiful graphics, this game will blow you away!"
,Recommended,396900,28974013,Posted: 3 January,all,zαQeе² ム❅☁✞❃๑ﭥ,rollcage 2017
76561198263833596,Recommended,396900,34377186,Posted: 20 August,all,rockhacks,Good game! :D cant wait for it to finish so it can bring in more ppl that played the game before just new it.
76561197993360909,Recommended,396900,21091146,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Storm preparing 4 Destiny 2 pc,The last patch fixed a few thing but its stil almost imposible to be 1st the cars stil drive to bad from 10 runs on the same track 1 time 1st - 9 times last.Ewry time when u hit a wall just a bit or a car u start driving backwards ewry time your car jumps from air back on track u start driving backwards.Im a big fan of Rollcage since the 1 game but this one needs more adjustments.Recommended jes but needs more fixes
,Recommended,396900,31083776,Posted: 11 April,all,StevǾvi†scH,Workshop support and Level Editor please :)
76561198027921537,Recommended,396900,31094453,Posted: 12 April,all,Syke,Game Over - Insert coin to continue :)
,Recommended,396900,21925877,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MikeDaBasque,Pew pew & Keep running
,Recommended,396900,20919718,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ATW Tech,Looks great and preforms great.I found myself using KB/M more and more after the first time. Controls much better than a gamepad.Just go out there and have fun.
76561198141208484,Recommended,396900,30986834,Posted: 6 April,all,xXrazoneXx,this is the best game i ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,396900,29657326,Posted: 2 February,all,Dark_Lover,"As soon as Multiplayer comes to the game, it will be the best racing game of 2017!"
,Recommended,396900,34085950,Posted: 7 August,all,The Mighty Spoon,a amazing game with to much speed (in a good sence) 10/10
76561198100435257,Recommended,396900,28715296,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GeneralClayman,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥the soundtrack and the speed in this game made me go hyperspace multiple times already.10/10 soundtrack.
76561198031560299,Recommended,396900,21095915,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,shawz0311,"Haven't played a whole lot yet, but as soon as you boot this game up, it's awesomeness is evident, badass game!"
76561198092045539,Recommended,396900,23786596,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dipsy,Fun and challenging game. Not mut too it yet but its only in its early stages and looks like it could have big POtential
,Not Recommended,396900,34911433,Posted: 12 September,all,hugohectorzavala,"its a good game BUT id wait till maybe its released. the game its self is fun especially when you have someone to play with but if your playing alone, if your not going online(which i personally havent tried yet) then your gonna be pretty bored quick. you can play with bots till your hearts content but itd be nice to have a campaign mode or something, more vehicle varieties, more weapons and maybe even customization of the vehicles besides color. all in all the game feels like it could be something incredible but its missing a lot still. and yes i understand that its still in early access but for it to be out for a year it feels more like a shell of a game that need polishing and more content. so personally id wait if your looking to buy. will edit if anything changes."
76561198042294432,Recommended,396900,23023254,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,lojzikfk-CZ,Great game! Only few bugs. Internet play in testing. Totaly worth the money in Early Access!
,Recommended,396900,23127388,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Null,"Simply put, this game is fun as hell if you're into this type of racer- face paced, high octane and (potentially) competitive. It can be a blast on its own, but does become a little repetitive, at least at this stage in development. Truly, this game has a lot of potential.However, there are issues that are in needing of resolution in order for it to become a fully fleshed Rollcage homage. This is understandable due to the fact that it -is- just pre-alpha. Though even at this stage, the game is pretty fun.That and the music is sick. It really fits, y'know?I'd definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,396900,24601166,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mumblesh,"I pop back and race this once in a while, and hope to dedicate a bit more time soon. Bit of a fan of the original Rollcage, even if I did find it tricky. This game has a futuristic cool very much like Wipeout, another favourite of mine. If anything this is cooler, with its grungy electro, DnB sountrack.Since I last played, the control feels tighter, and more responsive. Although you can still easily take off and seemingly spend an age in the air. I think the vehicles could use more weight to bring them down when airborne. Also air control.... Let go of the gas and steer left or right. Ok, and what does that do? I have yet to notice it doing much at all. Once airborne you can pretty much kiss that lap goodbye in a lot of cases.I do like the fact this game rewards a more careful use of braking and acelerating than some arcade racers, and the handrake will be something I have to decide to use now and again. It is a game that rewards mastery of its precise controls. That being said, they may alienate some people looking for a more instantly pleasing racer.So in these early stages it is playable and improving, if not exacty innovating in any way. Maybe that is a gamble they don't want with this first ""Grip"", but I hope it is popular enough for a sequel which experiments with the weaponry and tracks and adds something new to the mix.. It is fun, and stylish. Maybe it could steal a few moves from Rocket League, in terms of meanouvering in the air with a fip or something. I feel more in control in that game in such a situation. All in all though, I have high hopes for this game, and it brings back fond memories of an era of gaming that has faded somewhat."
,Recommended,396900,24798865,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Raven88,"Little content now, as it is alpha, but the quality and atmosphere is great.Feels like a transformers battle on wheels.whish I could pay the dev's more, when considering the potential, and wanting it to succed becomming a full release."
,Recommended,396900,31696863,Posted: 12 May,all,DeepFriedZombie,"This game has potential to be one of the best arcade racers ever.Is lacking content as of now, but is being updated consistantly and promisingly.Its fun.The soundtrack is also incredible."
76561198033311893,Recommended,396900,20917930,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Inco,A must buy if you enjoyed Rollcage!
,Recommended,396900,20918690,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,eobet,"YES, I recommend it, but NO don't buy it yet! It's too early (access). ;)This is the spiritual sequel to Rollcage, and it seems that they are getting it absolutely crazy right. If they keep things up, this is possibly going to the best update to an old game that at least I've ever seen. The graphics are absolutely drop dead gorgeous and all the ingredients seem to be there... it just just needs to stew for a few more months.This is the most fun high speed arcade racing you can get outside of the Wipeout series of games, only this is crazier, with racing upside down and so much weapon carnage that you can go from first to last and back again within the span of a single lap.But right now, you can't control the menus with the gamepad, resolution support is rather finicky, the controls need to be tweaked and there's no online multiplayer component, which they absolutely need to nail."
,Recommended,396900,25593744,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Screwbles,"It's so good.  There are quite a few futuristic racers coming out here on Steam, Formula Fusion, and Redout to name a couple.  Having played at least one of them, Formula Fusion, I think this game is going to offer feirce competition.  It's the whole package.  It's fast, it's hectic, it's got interesting mechanics going on, the music matches well and it looks great.  Keep adding more content, tweak some minor things, and this game is golden!"
,Recommended,396900,31040543,Posted: 9 April,all,Blunder Sunder,"Great, fun arcade racer. Like a grown up Mario Kart."
,Recommended,396900,31710996,Posted: 12 May,all,Mr. Emu,"This game is actually pretty decent non-realistc racing game on Steam, in my opinion, along side with Distance. Sure this thing is in early access but this got my attention when it was on sale (well I actually got it after it was on sale at full 16 bucks, which I don't recommend with early access games, but at least I got it with Swords With Sauce Alpha and Jedi Outcast during the May 4th sale), and after doing some research on the game and watching the most updated video review of this, I got it and I kind of like it, the only buyers remorse I got from this is not getting this when it was on sale, but I've spend my 2 hours up before considering refunds. However if you just want a racing game that is decent and you can have fun with, get this on sale."
76561197986182152,Recommended,396900,26042539,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MR7,"Game is great, still limited content as it's in development. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,396900,24777855,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,BastardCake,Rollcage is back bois!!
,Recommended,396900,30789664,Posted: 28 March,all,Mune,"With Jax experience, this game is awesome. Distructions! DEATH RACE! Awesome soundtrack!"
76561198086810587,Recommended,396900,32039256,Posted: 29 May,all,art.majin,"This game is really good!! Races are so insane, the car are fast and the tracks are well designed. A very good game, in early access yet."
,Recommended,396900,29872083,Posted: 12 February,all,Titiunit,This is Rollcage 3 in anything but name.And it's great.
,Recommended,396900,31759220,Posted: 14 May,all,( ( ( COOL VIBRATIONS ) ) ),"Ever wanted a Mario Kart game that feels like youre going 1000cc all the time?Buy this game!Want AI that are all worse than Toads from the bowells of hell?Buy this game!Are you scared of the classic Rainbow Road or all Rainbow Roads?This game has Rainbow Road modelled after Satans intestines!Dont get♥♥♥♥♥♥on or slapped in the slightest, or youre never staying on the track for more than 5 seconds!Have you ever raged at getting bananad' and red shelled right after then end up in 5th?Well guess what! if you turn on damage you can get quad ""Blue shelled"" just 200m away from the finish line and end up with a fat ♥♥♥♥ing DNF! WOW!BUY THIS GAAAAAAAAAAAME!!!In all seriousness, this game is bloody amazing! Big fan of the RollCage series, and glad to see it back!10/10 - perfect, cant wait to see what they add!"
76561198078762925,Recommended,396900,31973768,Posted: 26 May,all,Dropbear,"This game brings back so many childhood memories! It's nice for a change to play a game as exciting and challenging as this. Really brings a smile to your face, I hope it can keep updating, because its on a good path right now."
,Recommended,396900,29020272,Posted: 4 January,all,Otaku,Where is Yuri?I cant find yuri!!Did he retire from racing indestructable cars up and down walls at over 700KMH?Did someone drop an ice sheet causing him to slide off a cliff at 700KPH?Is he dead?Did he get run over by a Vostok at 700KPH???Someone please help me find yuri... at 700kph
76561198136485210,Recommended,396900,25280001,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,GrouchoMarxism,The core game is there - just needs to be filled out more e.g. definitely needs more maps. Multiplayer when and how it will be implemented is key: obviously races will be fun but the deathmatch mode for multiplayer seems like it would be really fun.
76561198100835330,Recommended,396900,25584419,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,spleenshark,"Recently updated its handling model (EA) and is now fantastic. Distinct arcadey feel with huge chunky machines that feel like what you wanted toy cars to be when you were little. Characterful, believable tracks. Still waiting on a fair bit of content, but what's already in is exceptional."
76561198269027719,Recommended,396900,33576599,Posted: 15 July,all,Fireheart318,"Okay, I like this game, but I have a few GRIP(es)1 - Ironically, it feels like I have no grip; cars don't turn as quickly as they should, but the cars have ""extremely high downforce"", and should turn better. Yes, you're going several hundred miles and hour, but still2 - Powerup icons and uses are too vague in some cases. I understand the mines, the shield, and speed boost, but what about the two missiles, which are very ahrd to tell apart. Also, what does the EMP and frontal... hardlight... thing do? The orange wedge powerup3 - It's a little too hard to see. And no, I'm not changing my brightness; it works fine for everything else and I can never get it back to where I like it after changing it4 - Car... loadouts don't save. Okay, so they're not really loadouts, but they're player-made setups for cars comprised of two paint colors, a body, two rim colors, rims, and tire style. I want to save these setups for later. Please!5 - This is more of a nitpick, but alt-tabbing in and out of the game is slow6 - No unlockables"
76561198116777475,Not Recommended,396900,33109909,Posted: 1 July,all,Sonic Freak01,"I gave it as much a chance as I could, but eventually I get frustrated at the issues this game currently has. The vehicles are too light and will easily fly into the air with every bump, they handle pretty poorly and the camera can have trouble keeping up with all the ground to wall to ceiling driving. Most items work fairly well but the missiles 9/10 times will immediately plow into the ground, despite being locked on to an opponent, causing you to lose control which once again is really easy to do in this game as there isn't much vehicle control.There is ""air control"" but it's very limited and you can only adjust the sideways roll of the car, you can't adjust the forward and back flips which are  just as if not more important. It does run well on my PC, has nice graphics and music, but unless you can put up with constantly being turned around and flung off the track I can't recommend at this current point in time."
,Recommended,396900,34644182,Posted: 31 August,all,poonareff,its ♥♥♥♥in amazing
,Recommended,396900,20919665,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Gabryel,"Soo first of all its on early access soo its still incomplete no multyplayer race yet witch i really look forward to. The game still needs some better controll for the car at least when it crashes XD also i needed around 30 races to get used to the gameplay, the weapons are really fun and i'd like to see more distructible eviorment in the future..Personal rating:Graphics : 8.5Gameplay: 8Music : 8 (i love dnb e.e)Fun : 8"
,Recommended,396900,29118170,Posted: 8 January,all,Big Boss,Its kinda cheap and so much fun!
76561198049612580,Recommended,396900,23641253,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Danski,This is awesome!!! I have always played rollcage and now I have a new favorite car game!!!
76561198087085464,Recommended,396900,26880921,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Glemt,"This game is still in early access, and it shows. I recommend it because I think the game has shown enough already to warrant buying it, although it's far from extensively playable. The maps/levels that are playable are magnificent, and a perfect throw-back to the times of Rollcage 1 and 2.If you feel like a fast, hectic racer with amazing SPLIT-SCREEN multiplayer, buy it and don't look back."
,Recommended,396900,31893038,Posted: 21 May,all,Dreganius,"TANKRED VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDS THIS PURCHASE.TANKRED VERY MUCH ENJOYED THE ARCADE RACERS OF OLD SUCH AS WIPEOUT, F-ZERO, EXTREME G AND ROLLCAGE.TANKRED VERY MUCH APPRECIATES GRIP AND THE DEVELOPERS."
,Recommended,396900,25051131,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,krompircek,There is only 1 experience this game won't give you.... social life.
,Recommended,396900,21073400,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ground beef,"this game is already near perfect,just add multiplayer,more maps,refine gameplay and fix bugs and this game could reach god tier levels of awesome"
76561198070279505,Recommended,396900,20936490,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,[LUKASH],"This game has potencial+ Nice graphics+ Fun gameplay+ Game with good potencial to the future- Music- Only singleplayer, add multiplayer please- Game needs more content (Game in EA for this moment)"
76561197987536128,Recommended,396900,21799390,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Joeski,"Fast. very fast. or impossibly fast.Been playing a couple races every night after work since i bought this.The soundtrack is excellent and is a reason to play the game on its own. the music goes brilliantly with the pace and setting of the game.The tracks seem to be being made with the dual sided car in mind, so many little short cuts, spinning round in a tunnel reminiscent to the death star run. It increases the intensity and thrill of the gameplay , and i find my head pulling to the side with the car from time to time admiring the round and round physics.Initially, there were lots of bugs , lack of barriers etc leeading to getting stuck in the map edge, that kind of thing.First update I've witnessed today addressed quite a few bugs, added new car with very different handling to the first one, a nice change, new music, seems slightly smoother to play.In summary its still very early days, but having original team members from the rollcage games in play is telling, they pushed this game even when the kickstarter failed apparently ( if id heard there was a rollcage reboot kickstarter it wouldnt of failed) and im sure their passion for this project will tell, as its already looking and feeling great for an early stage game."
,Recommended,396900,29442932,Posted: 23 January,all,Ninjakonovski,Grip is fun but not really that enjoyable when the optimization isnt quite there and you have to play 720P 55% renderscaling! Looking forward to it still!
,Recommended,396900,32216287,Posted: 6 June,all,.Abvex,"Pro: Fun game, good with friends.Con: The lack of 21:9 support on the game menu can be a potential turn off.The over the shoulder camera can be too close to the vehicle during races on ultra wide screens."
,Recommended,396900,30956428,Posted: 5 April,all,Raticide,I quite like it so far.
76561198077234778,Recommended,396900,33567753,Posted: 15 July,all,NightDancer,Its Rollcage !!!Kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack !!!Still in developement so some features are missing like:- 2 players on one keyboard- some tournament / campaign mod.But the driving part of the game feels finished and the game looks very promissing.for 16eur must buy for every rollcage fan.
76561198038624428,Recommended,396900,21733032,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,[Wa2] Magge,"Nice Game, A New ""Rollcage""!. I love it ! i see forward for your future Updates. 11/10"
,Recommended,396900,22590246,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,BLKBRDSR71,"Not a bad game (so far) I just finished my first race and am ""miledly"" impressed. This game still needs work. I'll have a more detailed review once I get used to the game. If you are wondering if you should buy this game now, I would wait till they get the carrier mode up. I purchased this game to support it's development. And I've only played this game once. So far, it's OK.Update:Their are 5 modes of solo play and a two player mode. I haven't tried the 2 player mode but their is no online multiplayer mode (yet). Their are 12 cars to choose from, 6 Dominator and 6 Dreadnaught. The Dominators have more speed and less armor, wile the Dreadnaughts have more armor, less speed.Available game modes:Races:A standered racing mode, choose between two available tracks. Place 1st to win.Elimination:If your last, you loose.Deathmatch:Use weapon pick-ups to destroy the other players. (This mode realy could benifit from online multiplayer).Playground:Drive around collecting power up icons. A good place to practice handling your car.Time Trial:Beat you own time each lap. (What did you expect)What needs improving (IMO).Online Multiplayer in Races, Elimination, and Deathmatch.Use Playground as a stunt run and rack up points towards Steam goals.Hidden cars and tracks.I hope the developers are reading this. And I hope you, the Steam community, found this review helpfull. If you're looking in to buying this game now, I would only buy it to support it, otherwise, their's not that much to hold you over. For now."
76561198080452593,Recommended,396900,31103666,Posted: 12 April,all,TB Universi,It is a mastapiece-ah!
76561198219848321,Recommended,396900,31118674,Posted: 13 April,all,Desert Rat,just got it  so far nice
76561198066836932,Recommended,396900,31083066,Posted: 11 April,all,JackMaccone,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ0xBCwkg3EMy mind while playing this game
,Recommended,396900,21137305,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Fen,"TL;DR: It has incredible promise to be Rocket League on steroids.For a game that tries so hard to be a 'Distance' reskin, GRIP is an early access that may be hard to recommend. The lack of air control, and steering sens being hard to find, this game is hard to love. There is no sense of ""god damn im going fast"" other than the engine revving with a deep bass and your tailpipe flaring, but thats only when youre in the last 3 spots and have ""catch up"" turned on. The tight maps (with the exception of the wide open jungle track thats still in early alpha as of now) are hard to navigate when you do get up to speed or have other racers around you. The collision in the game is made even worse due to the lack of air control or any kind of function to knock other drivers out of the way. If youre going anything above 300mph and hit even the slightest rock or a hair on another racers tire, expect to do go in a random direction with no chance of recevery except resetting your vehicle onto the track.However...even with all of these flaws, the game has the makings of an incredible release. Since the top hitting racing (car) games are Rocket League and anything involving Grid or Dirt Rally and, as mentioned above, Distance; this brings a refreshing 'grit' to the genre. It has the octane feeling of Rocket League, the cumbersome yet tolerable controls of Grid and Dirt, and the scifi thrill of Distance. I would very highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to jump in early on a game that could potentially be a heavy hitter in the racing scene. It needs improvement, but what early access doest?"
,Recommended,396900,26356000,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MatthewRoy,"really fun, can't wait for multiplayer"
76561198259792760,Recommended,396900,21410297,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lemon Squeezy™,this may require a powerful computer beware
,Recommended,396900,30999890,Posted: 7 April,all,CJ,You can drive upside down. 10/10
,Recommended,396900,31060154,Posted: 10 April,all,LittleTron.Inc,Bings back good memories from playing rollcage back in the 90's  would love to see collapsable buildings again. look forward to future updates.
76561197996450889,Recommended,396900,31053097,Posted: 9 April,all,PoopDeckPappy,Fast. Slick. Aggresive.  It's like Rocket League meets F-Zero meets MadMax.  With an RX480 and everyting on Epic it still runs at 90ish fps at early access.  Very nice!
,Recommended,396900,31047674,Posted: 9 April,all,[420] MrNiceGuy,"AWESOME!! MUST HAVE!never bought a game this cheap that awesome.Be fast, who knows how long they sell it for 15 buks.Great work, thanks!"
,Recommended,396900,21160099,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"NEW UPDATED VIDEO! @ [1080p] [60FPS]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNG4tBgI0JMThis video features a non-biased quick look @ the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xx4THQ_-rYAThe spiritual successor to the brilliant 'Rollcage'  GRIP is bringing old-school style combat racing back with a bang. Inspired by the Rollcage games and developed by some of the original team, GRIP is a true tribute to the explosive fun had in a past gaming era. -  Recommended!"
,Recommended,396900,30955213,Posted: 4 April,all,Chepe,Crashed 4 times in my 41 minutes played. Didn't have issues in single player so maybe it's just multiplayer. Wwill repurchase when it's stable but for now REFUND
76561198014493888,Recommended,396900,23548223,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ahadihunter1,"I haven't even started yet, and I'm already impressed. No. I'm not that type of person who jumps to stupid conclusions, I can tell that when this game is finished it's going to reign down the so -called ""AAA"" industry with a bang.Amazing work guys keep it up.Another thing for the fans, if your wish is to have this game be completed, I suggest you to buy it and support these brilliant minds."
76561198108099827,Recommended,396900,24944437,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Whitesnake,"elimination mod is the funniest stuff I ever played in my gamer life, i'm not kiding ! Can't wait to deal with it in online race :DSupport GRIP it deserves definitly, best prospect on combat racing field.worth it all the way."
76561198275596939,Recommended,396900,31053320,Posted: 9 April,all,chrisryan94,"Good game, If you liked the old version on PS1 You will like this one"
,Recommended,396900,31049856,Posted: 9 April,all,Ternami,Is a brilliant remake! Thanks!
76561198012584555,Recommended,396900,23418378,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,COMMANDER,NICE  SOUNDTRACK!!!!!  :D
,Recommended,396900,30973966,Posted: 5 April,all,^ea†er^,Ohhh Yea! Kool Aid Busting through the wall G Mang Style waving his ham down the street while riding those little ol doggies. putting tha plomp in tha blomp.
,Recommended,396900,34450097,Posted: 23 August,all,R_2,"Нулевой онлайн не смотря на то, что игра выше всяких похвал. Не идеал, но и далеко не проходняк."
,Not Recommended,396900,33084721,Posted: 1 July,all,DrXtreme,"The Gameplay is good, but there are some problems or missing features:- The menu is to big when I apply the resolution 3440x1440 (which is of course my screen resolution)- PS4 gamepad not working, so I can play it only with keyboard (if usinghttp://ds4windows.com/, controller works fine)- No Controller-Support for the menu"
,Recommended,396900,22035368,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,smallgabe,RollcageROLLCAGEROLLCAGEUh i mean Grip.THIS GAME IS AMAZINGRuns fairly nice now but still far from doneAfter 18 long years its finally back and better than ever.Graphically it looks gorgeous and they have used UE4 brilliantly it sounds feels and looks every bit as good as the originals!Please buy this and support the devs
,Not Recommended,396900,23214950,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Yakumo,"So far the driving feels off. Hard suspension and small wheels on rough terrain sends the car nose up at the smallest most invisible bump. There isn't much to experience yet in the early access, one working racing track and the weapons still move weird."
,Not Recommended,396900,23600198,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DamnTheseVoices,"I was hopeful that the claim of improved handling in the latest 1.0.10.1 would finally make this game playable, but to no avail.  A beautiful game like this with horrible friction/traction/yaw issues.   The traction of all surfaces feels like driving on ice.   The whole fun of driving is completely destroyed by making the user completely involved in battling over/under corrections dreading every turn no matter how small having the potential to put you into a spin.  Any airtime usually ends in disaster, never being able to properly plant the landing without spining around.  Forget any small bumps or dips in a turn, those will spin you.   This is a big deal since it makes you drive self conciously trying purposfully not to steer at all.  SO DISAPPOINTED since the latest patch seems to tout that thie current model is what they are ""striving for"".. If that's the case, I'm not playing this frustrating game anymore, sorry."
,Not Recommended,396900,29063443,Posted: 6 January,all,★BigShot★,"My initial impressions on this one:- maps/tracks/scenery/vehicles are all artistically (graphics wise), very nice to look at- track layouts are refreshingly varied & interesting to race on but as of this writing have too many obstacles causing collisions in places and at times when things should be getting fun- very little content (maybe 2 or 3 good finished tracks to race on and a couple of lower quality work-in-progress tracks)- no progression, no content to unlock- mostly poor sound engineering... not exactly a party for your ears until a rocket flies over-head- a few wonky physics issues still to be worked out- low budget, understaffed title where progress has proven to be on the slow side- communicative devloper who often makes himself available right on the Steam forum to answer questionsOverall you can see & feel the potential here...the experience right now in-car can swing back & forth however between exhilarating/fun to confusing/frustrating. Mostly fun, however at this point in time there isn't enough content here to keep you playing.I'd say even though it's been out now for nearly a year, that this Early Access title is still  a little TOO early and probably should have started it's life as a Kickstarter instead of EA.  You might be best to wait awhile longer to see how things progress over the next 6-12 months. It's definitely worth keeping an eye on.*It's saving grace is it's currently low price tag...but you'll get what you paid for in this case, IMO.**EDITED 3 MONTHS AFTER PURCHASE - still no new maps/tracks.In a game where it's success or failure will rely 99% upon it's tracks, the only 1 or 2 GOOD tracks you are given to race on here is simply not enough for it to succeed. It's as if Instead of the author reinvesting his EA funds back into the game by hiring talented map makers he decided to just buy himself some fudge.Wasted potential, time to move on... game in it's current state needs to be FREE...and author needs to change his business model and start charging for lots of new DLC tracks. That is the only real road to success for a game like this."
,Not Recommended,396900,29918890,Posted: 14 February,all,SIMPLY AUSTIN,"**UPDATED FIRST IMPRESSIONS:**Fist let me make this clear that I writing this review based on a limited test play.  Also that my views are based on that fact that I wanted this game to be NEXT RollCage.It had such a great start a year ago when I first looked  at it.   The vehicle and driving characteristics was spot on.  The fun and the edge of the seat racing was what it was all about.  Check out my first impressions back then:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM-xEtZsmR0Then a year later I was told that this has been updated, more cars, more tracks and a huge overhaul.  I fired the puppy up and this is what I got after these major updates:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlAOTbX3PIgFrom my first impressions this has now been turned into a Mario Kart style racing game?  Gone are the edge of the seat driving physics and in most cases the fun.Its a £11.99 game and its been in early dev for a year.  Nothing bad about that.  But only a couple of new tracks, no default online multiplayer, still no menu pad controls.Again, its early access and I understand that.  But for the price this is being sold I got to judge it on what else I can get in that price range.   Looking back at some of the games released a year ago, many AAAs, some awesome Indies and at the moment this is falling well short.  Not to mention some of the great titles released cheaper and in some cases FREE?It has the promise to be so much.  To take the mantle of the best racer in this genre.  But in this latest update the handling has been nerfed, none of the promises of the Multiplayer have come, basic menu controls missing.  Its transformed everything that made Rollcage a hit and replaced it with Mario Kart.Its not a bad game, its just not the game it wanted to be right now.  But for the price and what has been done int he space of a year I cannot recommend this game :(  I hope that things do change and I can do another one of these videos.  But for now it looks like this is going to be deleted from my HDD for another year until the next ""update""*JUDGED FROM THE 15 MINUTES I GAVE IT, ITS NOT A REVIEW ITS MY FIRST IMPRESSIONS*"
76561197976765236,Not Recommended,396900,29750977,Posted: 6 February,all,Roman81,"I'll update this Review if I change my mind, but the first impression was devastating. You rarely have to take your finger off the acceleration button, only small direction-corrections are enough to stay on the track. Brakes, you don't need them, it seems. It's pretty much all about fighting your contrahents (with about 2 weapons and 2? kinds of mines and a shield).I can't believe how this game scored so well in the community. It's one of the most boring racers I've played. Looking back to the F-Zero games this can't compete at all imho. Sorry.Edit: from the comments the developer stated:""It's true, the game goes fast and you can hold the accelerator most of the time. Right now it's more about precision movements and holding the best racing line, narrowly missing objects on the track while avoiding fire from opponents.""It's a pretty accurate description, I agree with everything. The things I miss in this game are:-) having more challenging courses so that you have to brake/decelerate more often-) having a higher penalty for leaving the racing lineI guess it's best to try it first, Steam offers a refund-option if you aren't sure if it's the game for you. I took that option, maybe others won't."
76561197980218505,Not Recommended,396900,23514493,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Snapps,"The game has potential BUT the physics on the cars are off. They spin out from hitting invisible bumps on the road and have terrible grip. Not particularly like the game because of this. The menu's are also buggy, and only 3 tracks."
,Not Recommended,396900,20997812,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MalevolentMiles,"I never played Rollcage, the game this one is a spiritual successor to, but the general concept seems fun and has a lot of potential to me, which is why I decided to pick it up in Early Access. I quickly lost all desire to play after a handful of races. If you're looking into this game, it likely means that you already know what the positives are of the game currently, which is just the core idea behind it (It also looks nice, for what it's worth). Because of that, I'll only be discussing the negatives and why I don't think it's worth spending money on right now for most people.The handling feels very sensitive to me. It's possible that it's just a thing that takes some time to get used to, but in a game where you need to fit your car into tight spaces and are driving down small corridors, I feel like it screwed me up a few times. Related to that, is the camera, which can shift wildly while your car flips or turns and sometimes lingers in an awkward position, making you feel the need to tilt your head just to keep up. It's unbelievably jarring, and I found myself getting completely lost in tunnels and ending up going the wrong direction by the time I got myself oriented again. The last problem that I have with the game is that it punishes you for being in the air by making landing cleanly very difficult. Very often, your car will lose control once it hits the ground again, which seems like a really poor decision to me in a game that's so arcadey and encourages you to do crazy stuff such as jumping off of ramps.The game also seems to have some optimization issues and is missing some key features for its options menu, but I don't see these as huge negatives since it is indeed an EA game.Overall, I found this game to be pretty frustrating, and I think that would be the average gamer's impression of the game if they were to play it in it's current state, which is why it's very hard to recommend at the moment. I'll definitely be keeping an eye on this game in hopes that they make some key changes to the game so that I'll want to buy it again once it officially releases."
,Not Recommended,396900,32657696,Posted: 22 June,all,Benja_Sonne,"Im not sure what to feel...I know i dont have many hours, the games feel good, and i like the concept.BUTIf you want this game for mulitplayer, just skip it, since there is about 6-8 poeple online on daily basis. But for the sinplayer racing, the game is good.Im on the edge to get a refund, but .. yeah.."
,Not Recommended,396900,31065544,Posted: 10 April,all,FlyingSalad,Kept crashing for me! :(
,Not Recommended,396900,30997388,Posted: 7 April,all,FULL/TIME/LSD/USER,"Theres only 5 circuits and my brain felt like it was numb after 10 minutes.Lots of glitches on multiplayerluckily had an uninstall and refund option, i could use my controller to do that aswell"
,Not Recommended,396900,22329624,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CHILDPORK,"Looks pretty fun but it gets unbeleivably laggy even when all my settings are on low. i didnt understand even how to start a race between my and my friend. if you are alone and $3,000 computer then go right ahead this would be your game"
,Not Recommended,396900,33006761,Posted: 29 June,all,prop_and_veeg,"bad handling, lack of content, no unlocks, no story mode. refunded."
,Not Recommended,396900,32425170,Posted: 14 June,all,Reikaosu,"Played the game for about 50 minutes. The cars feel too big, the turning is nonexistant, and I'm sick of being blown off the track for no reason."
,Not Recommended,396900,21343745,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Warlord1981NL,"I do not recommend this game at all, this game very fast paced but the controls are atrocious. As a Rock 'n Roll Racing fan when viewing the videos I got very excited but those are clearly not actual gameplay footage as even on the lowest sensitivity you cannot in any way make the manoeuvers you see there.Shame but I'll have to ask for a refund for this game. It is completely unplayable in it's current state."
76561198106131663,Not Recommended,396900,20919065,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TheMcCown,"This game has good bones. The potential is great and I can definitely see this thing taking off... When it gets more polished. The gameplay currently is fun, fast, but also extremely different. The cars go upwards of 300mph which is awesome! But this also means that the cars tend to fly off the course very easily. It's also impossible to control yourself in midair which is something that I've grown accustomed to from plahing Rocket League. I feel like adding in an air-control feature as well as either changing the mechanics of the stages or closing them in a bit to have a more compact feel would drastically improve gameplay. I am very excited to see how this game progresses but until some of the weirdness is worked out, I would say hold off."
,Not Recommended,396900,31053775,Posted: 9 April,all,Forward Motion,"clunky and doesnt work too well, freezes at loading screens and needs a high end rig to run at 720p with lowest settings, noow imagine if you want good graphics with FHD"
,Not Recommended,396900,25610106,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Flat Chu,"Please, work on the menus, we should be able to navigate with keyboard only OR mouse only OR controller only.Good luck."
76561198248337368,Not Recommended,396900,26236470,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,j-croweman,"cars are uncontrollable and little options for steering at higher speeds, basically still a flight simulator at higher speeds."
76561197974811662,Not Recommended,396900,25233312,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,AlleyKatPr0,"Track design and game mechanics are very poor, I simply cannot recommend this game in it's current state.You can spend an entire race flying through the air and bouncing off walls - terrible."
76561198071276151,Not Recommended,396900,20952120,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Captain Hero,Save your money. I understand its early access but its juts not playable right now. Its bad when even the computer cant drive on the tracks. The controls are impossible to use and just trying to steer your car is just down right hard. I really hope this game gets a lot of updates and Im sure it will. Its been awhile since a good combat racing game came out. Excited for the potential this game has but not worth the money now.
,Not Recommended,396900,29752751,Posted: 6 February,all,PsychotropicCat,"I like how they said that multiplayer would be added ages ago, no one likes playing single player racing games in 2017."
76561197985208324,Not Recommended,396900,21571565,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Jimmy Rustler,Car too light.
76561198370934337,Not Recommended,396900,30834063,Posted: 30 March,all,marcchislett,"decent game, but lack of controller support for the menu makes me never wanna play, what a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to have to get up everytime to change up the race. also not a big fan of racing games that dont let you finish the race after the top 3 racers place."
76561197971391643,Not Recommended,396900,21140785,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,FEUD,"TERRIBLE MUSIC, Sounds like 100 monkeys throwing 100 turds at the one window. Stick in your usual random jungle sounds ""squealing"" and ""base buzzing"" and your reaching for the mute button!Game-play is just as random, 180s, loss of control with the slightest bump at speed, the vehicles have the momentum and mass of plastic toys, bad map design where you can land in a crevice or hop to another part of the track, without being told your being set back... its a bit of a confusing mess! So far its just the bog standard vehicle physics thrown into the unreal editor. Thank god its early access, there still a slight chance that this will improve... it needs to."
,Not Recommended,396900,20969171,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SpongeBong!,"Very very unoptimised, runs pretty choppy and there is no FPS limiter in the options or windowed fullscreen borderless and even with higher than recommended specs still get's to 85c almost ingame at a sloppy framerate.1.Small graphics options selection2.Unoptimised5.5/10If these issues are fixed and sorted, then I will edit my review to fit."
,Not Recommended,396900,34047275,Posted: 5 August,all,Defsquad,do bother not no where like rollcage
,Not Recommended,396900,20959380,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sideswipe,This game's handling is laughable.This game's physics are laughable.And not in a good way.The most frustrating game you'll ever play.
,Not Recommended,396900,32528173,Posted: 17 June,all,DEATHDEALER,This game does not have mouse look or steer.  Do not make the mistake I did.DO NOT buy this game.
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,396900,20916617,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Gentleman,"I would like to recomend this game, but I cant. For me it feels shallow, the car feels too big at some point, it loses controll quite soon, meh weapons, and average (low) graphics, even in ultra all. And ye, for me it needs quite a lot of work to be something interesting. Until that moment, not worth it...sadly"
,Recommended,396900,20953780,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DZimmy,Rollcage is back...my childhood is back..almost.
,Recommended,396900,20958969,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,IamtheLIQUOR,"Grip is a promising game for Rollcage fans.The game is nowhere near complete but already in this stage it's tons of fun. At this moment there's no online multiplayer and only a few maps, but more content is coming as the game gets developed.Firebugs is the only Rollcage game I've played and compered to Firebugs this game seems a lot harder. The maps have multiple routes and when you first play the game you will find yourself bumping into walls and losing even to the easiest bots, but as you play you will learn the maps and start winning races. There are no characters like in Firebugs instead there's different colored cars.Pros and ConsPros:- The map design seem fresh and the maps are BEAUTIFUL- The game works fine even on older hardware (I have a GTX 560ti and play on medium 1080p)- Controller support for racing- Lets you play unfinished maps and they work goodCons- No multiplayer YET- Very random walls that you will drive into before you learn the maps- The playground map has no textures and looks uglyI recommend this game to everyoen who thinks it looks fun because it is fun and theres very little bugs for a early acces game"
76561198164462534,Recommended,396900,20955963,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Aura-Master,This isn't a Spiritual successesor of Rollcage.... this is Rollcage made as we all imagined it in our minds....Given this is an Early access game it is remarcably well formed... There isn't much content at the moment.. but of the content that there is... woooow this game shows BIG BIG BIG promis!!Anyone who loved rollcage or wipeout you should buys this instantly... you will NOT regret it!
76561198044694443,Recommended,396900,20956111,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hasharin,"Excellent game so far in the little I've played. Just as I remember Rollcage back in the day so if you liked that, or similar fast futuristic games, you'll enjoy this"
76561198045900106,Recommended,396900,20942963,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Retroshock,I never thought my childhood would come back in HD.
,Recommended,396900,20965561,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Australian Spartan,"yes, there are bugs.yes there are map issues.but that doesn't stop this game from being quite fun.it makes you have to earn that 1st place spot.""easy to learn, hard to master"""
76561198037173360,Recommended,396900,20966252,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Foureyes,"70 Minutes in and I'm loving it so far.Runs fast and smooth on my system 2500K, gtx970.Given it's early access status I'm very impressed so far, if only all early access games were in this state when they started out.If you loved the Rollcage games then you will love this."
,Recommended,396900,20972917,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,The Shrekond Coming,"Mario Kart meets Mass Effects Mako, mixed with some mad max and rocket league for good measure.♥♥♥♥ing beautiful."
,Recommended,396900,20924999,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lucalope,"The game is great, and shows a lot of promise. My only complaint is that a game called ""GRIP"" seems to have a severe lack of such. Computer players, even on easy settings, are way too good at navigating tracks while its easy for the average racer to bumped off the map, stuck, and knocked backwards without interference from other racers."
,Recommended,396900,20921381,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,StoneGhost,Fantastic base game all it needs is some polish and more levels.
76561198001436773,Recommended,396900,20968746,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,WMD,"This is single and two player. Would be awesome with 10 local players! oh the carnage.As it is now its quite fun, it does take a bit to get used to the tracks and when to slow down because if you don't slow down you can become a pin ball and thats bad for racing, ok for arena death matches though."
76561198171417254,Recommended,396900,21038215,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aidos,Really enjoyable game and there's room for quite a lot of additions to it. Also the developers seem to be working hard on making it better (they are actually listening to the community :o)
,Recommended,396900,20980382,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,_feZ,"For the first time in a racing game, I need to put my full thought process into actively memorizing the tracks. GRIP is an excellent racing game. It's addictive, full-throttled, non-stop action. Hell, even the arena mode is awesome.The only complaint I have for the developers is actually in arena mode, as sometimes there aren't walls/rocks/obstructives where there should be, but other than that, GRIP has got me gripped, and it's not letting go."
,Recommended,396900,20980683,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jodeth,"Pretty good as an early access! Very promising stuff. Not too hard, not too easy. Nice graphics when maxed out. Good optimization (45-60 fps on GTX 660 Ti 2GB, adaptive v-sync enabled in NCP). Almost perfect 360 controller support (no mapped pause button). About 4 finished tracks to play on. Split-screen multiplayer (always welcome)! Keep it up, devs! How about sometime, down the road, add a custom music player? It's not mandatory, because there are alternatives, but it'd be cool to have. Main things this game needs is obvious... MOAR TRACKS and WEHPUNZ!"
,Recommended,396900,21360206,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Roxtaf,"Grip may very well be early work in progress to say the least. But if you have fond memories of the old Rollcage games, then this is fantastic entertainment from the get go.And if driving 400-700-ish km/h in a car the size of a small house, with with no care if you drive the car on it´s head, right side up, on the wall, ceiling or the pavement, all the while you chase down the competition with rockets, miniguns and mines to disturb them enough to overtake them. Then odds are you will enjoy the game.In any case be sure to make good use of slow motion as it will let you enjoy the scenery or make high prescission adjustments untill you get the hang of the steering"
76561198269031014,Recommended,396900,21359001,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Junior Diaz Gaming,This games is awesome. The only problem I've been having is jumping out of the track and not being able to jump back in due to an invisible wall. Other than that this game will bring joy to your day.
76561197991594919,Recommended,396900,21396537,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Acenan,"Did you enjoy Rollcage 1999 or WipEout 2097 back in the day?Then this is the game for you.Even in its early-alpha state, the game is the most awesome racing game i have played sinceWipEout 2097 on the PS1 as a kid.This game hits all the Old-school style combat racing game nails and inject it with few more million polygons.It's biggest drawback is that there is no multiplayer yet(only 2p local split screen atm), as the game is now i will rate it 8/10. with multiplayer in the future its easily 10/10 from me.PS: Using a controller is advised"
,Recommended,396900,21372086,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bagpuss,GRIP is brilliant if you remember ROLLCAGE this is the game for you...... PLEASE keep this game going DEVS such a blast from the past ........AWESOME :)
,Recommended,396900,21453738,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,val.hazard,"Good progress so far but the game still needs a lot of work. The tracks they have so far are prety unabllanced and need a lot more work. The track boundaries are not so well defined and at the speed you're going this is quite a problem as you will inevitably get stuck on random crap while going 500 kph and it will be frustrating and the weapons are also not so great yet ( not so well balaced or explained ). The game is going in a very good direction so far so I just hope that the developers conscience won't let them get a good night's sleep until all is fixed and we can get our Rollcage fix. Good job so far guys, keep doing what you're doing ... I'll keep sponsoring as best I can."
,Recommended,396900,21426620,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,DobsonatorX,"This game is fantstic. fun, fast and explosive, every i expect from the creators of rollcage1, 2 and firebugs.(all which i still play to date)I highly reccomend this game to anyone with the slightest interest in racing games, you wont be dissapointed!"
76561198001700750,Recommended,396900,22334419,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,FSNxLancer,Ton of fun.Takes some practice to get used to the handling
76561198070873098,Recommended,396900,22510666,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,TheRFSpark,I love this ♥♥♥♥ing game give me more!
76561198021652387,Recommended,396900,22646207,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jady,top cool game!! beautiful arcade racer!!
,Recommended,396900,22742822,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Alpha,"Just bought the early access to the game and had fun with it for at least an hour.Small time to judge but I think first impressions are the ones that weight the most.Being an hardcore fan of Rollcage I was super stoked to find that someone was making a game in the same racing style, I played Rollacage and Rollcage stage II till nausea, and I still have them both in original boxes, and managed to play them on win 7. Now I am on win 10.So to the game:. Graphic is stunning, UT engine is really doing his job at full force here and I played the game at maximum graphic level.. Music fits perfectly the game pace and puts you in the right mood of futuristic races, I really felt like going back to the good ol wipeout 2097 or Dethkarz (anybody here who played it? that was incredible!). Concept is really well done, I loved the different ambientations of the three tracks I could race into. This is very important because a player really need to have in mind the world where the track is located and to have a clear idea of it, I mean ""this is snow track, this is jungle track that is desert, etc etc"". Cars: that's where I would have to point something: I think it would be good to have more differentiation in cars, maybe on the aesthetics but most of all in stats. I was searching for car stats!!! (acceleration, grip, top speed, etc)More car identity please!. I couldn't really understand the difference between the two leagues, except for car being a little more ""tanky"". Playabilty: difficulty is not a problem, but car control it is. I know we are talking about a ""scrambled eggs"" race type game, but I played Rollcage a lot, in GRIP if you lose control of the car it's a bit more difficult to regain it.Except for this this is a race game I was hoping to find and I am really glad it's in the making (and it's still in Alpha!)So if you like the genre and you come from millions of hours of race with rollcage, dethkarz, wipeout like me, keep an eye on GRIP cause it really may be the present day futuristc race game we always wanted. Can't wait to play online!Played on:CPU: Intel Sandy Bridge 2550K 3,30GhzRAM: 16 gb corsair dominatorGPU: Sapphire Radeon HD 7950 Vapor-XMOBO: Asus P8Z68 ProOS: Windows 10"
,Recommended,396900,22809447,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Thwm,I love this game! it´s actually a greater version of the inspiration Rollcage.
,Recommended,396900,22573960,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ninja Shark Ultraz0r,"First of al: I love it and looking forward to the full game!Combat racing is fun! Its not the easyest game. First few tries I came in 10th or 9th but eventually you learn how the car handles and you are able to lap opponents, even on hard difficulty.I found it better with engine power set to high as the cars accelerate a lot quicker and therefor easier to recover when facing the wrong way.a tip: set engine power to max.Track design looks nice, but sometimes its (especially in the beginning or split screen) its hard to see upcoming obstacles. When you eventually know the track, you know where the are and ok to navigate around.I also found that the menu is not controller friendly. You really need the D-pad to navigate the menus. With the analog stick of an xbox 360 controller its easy to overshoot that option you want to set.The AI is is OK. If you master the game its pretty easy to get to the front and stay there. Its also nice that the AI tries to block you when you are driving slightly faster just behind them.What I would like to see is that the AI accellerates of the starting grid. Now and then they hit the trottle a bit later, seeming they don't pay attention and you eventually need to drive around or into them. When a race starts, everyone should accelerate as fast as the can!Pros- AI that tries to block you- Spit screen rules!- Grahpics look amaizing- Mediocre to learn, hard to master- Speed!- If you ♥♥♥♥ up, it's really your own fault!Cons- Recovering with low engine power is slooow- Sometimes the camera has some awkwark anges when hit by a rocket or mine- Still early access and room for improvements- Too easy when you master it- Menus are not that controller-friendly. The do navigate well with mouse."
,Recommended,396900,22987402,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,viktoraccept,"Even in early access this is really fun to play! Years ago I spent hours playing Rollcage and now GRIP totally brings that memories back to me. I can really recommend this game to everyone who likes fast paced (combat) racing, and I hope and wish the developers will lead it to successfull full release ;)"
,Recommended,396900,22666199,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ag3nt404,"Great game so far, excited for future updates.Some detail:While the menu looks like it came straight out of every 2006 Racing game ever, and the controller support is seemingly broken (at least for me, No DS4 support, doesn't work with an Xinput Wrapper, doesn't work with an Xbone controller either) and there isn't any online multiplayer; (yet, though I'm sure that's planned) The game is still fun. Gritting my teeth through the steering with the keyboard and it's not so bad. (I'd be a lot happier if I could change the default controls, but that hasn't been programmed yet either.) The racing is fast and fun, it's all I've tried so far because I love it so much. They really mastered the sense of speed. I'm not sure how I feel about the air control, since I haven't found a way to counter getting sideways in air (even letting off the acceleraction like the loading screen says.) But otherwise, it's a smooth gameplay experience with lots they could build on. The power ups are cool as hell, and I imagine they'll look even better with higher resolution models. Anywho, I'd pick it up now if you want to waste some time and to look forward to future updates, otherwise; wait until it has more features you want."
,Recommended,396900,22932430,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Spring,this is the best racing game i ever played in my life the race track and the way you can wall ride and the way you can destroy the other people are epic 10/10 :D
,Recommended,396900,22771741,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Djlaw56,"Great game I know its early access and hopefully we will see more updates with the physics and also have more music. And hopefully have hd versions of old maps of rollcage 1,2. and im still trying to figure out how to change the name from Grip to Stage Rollcage 3"
,Recommended,396900,24241256,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Stemot,"After not checking in on this game for months I've just fired it up (10th July 2016) and found the game is coming on fantastically.The devs seem to be listening to customers and have overhauled the vehicle physics and are developing new content at a frequent rate.Fast, kinetic racing action that has already topped Rollcage in its early stage of development. Also runs and looks amazing."
,Recommended,396900,24245137,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dilbert,"I just bought GRIP and played it for about two hours today. I loved Rollcage as a kid, but I was never really good at it. I'm still not good at it. In fact, this game requires a fair bit of skill just to avoid flailing about whenever you hit obstacles.Apart from that, driving around at such high speeds is so satisfying. Maps are great, music is great, and the game is well optimized and runs just fine on lower end systems."
,Recommended,396900,24203440,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,𝓥𝓸𝓵𝓽𝓪𝓰𝒆,I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING BECAUSE IT'S ALL MOVING TOO FAST BUT IT'S BEAUTIFUL
,Recommended,396900,24315670,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Fr0stP1xel,"This is a vehicular combat game with high pace racing in tracks that use your car's ability to run upside down also. Its excellent at its current stage which is pretty rare these days for an early access title! Most devs just make the game and then eventually kills it. But this game is really amazing, I love the combat system and the racing also.Just if they would add multiplayer ASAP then this would be the best one out there in its kind.Most probably they are fixing bugs before multiplayer is implemented.TL;DRBuy this game if you loved wipeout series or if you love high pace vehiculare combat.Thanks for reading the review and for the amazing game.Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,396900,20940610,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Luneric,"First impressions (as a Rollcage fan from back in the day) are very positive. The game plays well, look great, sounds great - an overall solid start. Naturally, the content in the game at the moment is limited, but the engine and gameplay are solid. I have no doubt this game will develop into a solid callback to games like Rollcage, here's hoping it can also bring some fresh new ideas to the table. (03/02/2015)"
,Recommended,396900,20917623,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Guildenstern,"A bit light on content right now, but what's there is extreamly fun! Even better if you where a fan of Rollcage in the day."
,Recommended,396900,21506231,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,私は死にたい,"Very excited for this game. Good tracks, great moments, amazing idea, and I can't wait to see the full release of this game."
,Recommended,396900,21495045,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[R] Swindahl,Stop reading the reviews.. buy it already! :D
76561198109476903,Recommended,396900,20988541,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AlexB,"Definitely heading right direction! Gameplay is fast and challenging. Graphics is sharp already and I believe it will only improve. Sound and music spot on. Only physics seems too unforgiving at the moment. In general great surprise to someone, who played Rollcage as a teenager and had unforgettable memories with it...."
,Recommended,396900,20974901,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MACHADO,nice
,Recommended,396900,23899572,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jah-Moon,First time playing this game. Im a big Rollcage II fan.  Noticed a lot of objects and corners even for a first level are quite tricky. A lot of times the car was somewhere in the level flying or on the mountians then on track. Maybe with future upgrades the car will become more stable and on track.
76561198048023456,Recommended,396900,23628505,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,KYDOS,"Rollcage is back and its better than ever.As a ""veteran"" Rollcage player I had some pretty high expectations for GRIP, especially hearing that some original devs were involved. I was not disappointed.The early access demo was almost likea modern trip back in time, impressive graphics with an amost nostalgic feeling. The level selection was diverse but limited, this can be excused by the fact that GRIP is still in it's early stages.The soundtrack is very well-suited to what is happening in game. The fast pace of Modern Drum and Bass and also a fresh taste of Old-school Jungle sounds is enough to keep you glued to your headphones. To think that there are many more tracks to come gets me even more excited to see GRIP grow.Gameplay-wise GRIP controls like it should. Your cars flip and tumble like crazy and your weapons are more destructive than ever. Sure, the movement of the cars are not as fluent as they were in Rollcage, but they are still as enjoyable as hell!For a spiritual-successor to Rollcage, GRIP does an incredible job of modernising the franchise for a newer audience. I can't wait to see the game evolve into something even better.My only complaint is the lack of Ultrawide support (as I'm running a 21:9 monitor), but apart from this, GRIP is well worth supporting."
,Recommended,396900,23765840,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Narclee,"Grip, as it is now, is very satisfying, and fills a gaming niche that I forgot even existed. However, all of this is mostly potential. Grip still has a lot of polishing that clearly needs to be done, mostly in the name of physics, responsiveness, and handling. Alas, I'm excited to see how the dev's continue to improve upon an already mind-blowing groundwork!"
76561197975010500,Recommended,396900,23116397,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kamarmikaze,THIS is AWESOME! Keep up the awesome work guys. Nostalgia blended with awesomeness = Mega super awesome!
,Recommended,396900,23271391,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kleb,"Havent played long but I can already tell this is a true successor to Rollcage in every way. As a thirty-something year old gamer the nostalgia is very much real. It just needs fleshing out more; new tracks, cars and weapons along with online multiplayer. Just buy it already."
76561198306211560,Recommended,396900,23307030,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Xycat,"So far I like it, a lot! It runs amazingly well on my far sub-optimal gaming rig with all the graphical settings maxed out at 1080 resolution and I haven't encountered any major issues; very smooth. The controls can be tuned in regards to sensitivity etc, and with my current settings I've gotten it feeling very much like the old Rollcage games, which I am also a huge fan of and which this game is very obviously tailored after (it's pretty much Rollcage TNG).The game is still in development from what I understand, but even so I haven't come across many glitches yet, just an understandible lack of content/features (tracks, modes, multiplayer support), and I do wish there were more weapon/device types, but I'm hoping many of these things will be added/implemented going forward."
,Recommended,396900,23248941,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Silberling,"If you loved Rollcage, this is the right game for you. Still in development with some flaws but if gives you the feeling of the good old game.Big recommendation!"
,Recommended,396900,30469607,Posted: 12 March,all,Ċŗª§Ħ ♀ ®,"Over a year since this game was out? This game needs more looking after!Theres still a lot missing sadly, but it's an exact replica of rollcage and i sure as hell loved that game!Amazing graphics and some nice memorable moments :D Just lacks weapons, cars and maps :)"
76561198041629661,Recommended,396900,20951505,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,YoungCurry,"Very fun even with little content as it has right now, potential is huge."
,Recommended,396900,26068247,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mayonez,Basically Rollcage which is the first game I ever played (I'm clearly not biased).
,Recommended,396900,25671931,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ChrisBalderst0n,"I'm very excited for future updates. The game environments, cars, physics, grapghics, sounds and music are all awesome in my opinion. I really dig this game so far, and really hope the devs keep it up.tldr this game is dope, but still early access and it shows this with a lack of content. But the game is ♥♥♥♥ing dope imo :D"
,Recommended,396900,22351675,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Wizzey,"This game is a 9/10 already for me, i just did my first race, it's super awesome ^^ !"
,Recommended,396900,22248136,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DH,Already a solid 9/10. I am looking forward to full release.
,Recommended,396900,22224221,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sgt Drayke TGN Partner,"A Great Arcade Knock-about game. Keep in mind its a ""Work in Progress"" game it makes a hour or two just disappear. Although i dont like to match/compare games it does feel like RollCage in Cocaine with abit of whiskey to wash down."
,Recommended,396900,28603009,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hooten,"I felt in love with this game when i saw it first time. Nostalgic feelings is the main reason ofcourse, but Grip needs a lot of work to be done about driving and general feel. I really love it though and i hope for the best because it's an awesome idea, with great atmosphere and design."
76561198052831948,Recommended,396900,20986193,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fremen-NL,"I hope this game turns out to be, Rollcage 3, and if it's a name thing, which might be owned by another company, maybe something like: GriP ""The Rollcage Experience"". And maybe ask Sony for funding and support, as for it has it's roots on the Ps1."
,Recommended,396900,28601211,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Elf,This game is inspired by RollCage game of long ago... So I played it some time ago was good. Decided after a few updates to play again and WOW.The redisigned GUI is much better the handling on the cars is much improved and overall the game is starting to get better and better. a Big round off applause to the dev team for the improvements in the game!I am glad I picked this up even for the odd race or two.  Can't wait for full implementation of multiplayer (Currently supports splitscreen)
,Recommended,396900,28493434,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Meakis,"If you loved rollcage you will love this.If you like Wipeout but want it more agressive, this is what you have been looking for.If you want a great modern arcade driving game ... Yep this is it.You are pretty much racing high speed tanks!"
76561197984895692,Recommended,396900,20924751,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Apex Azimuth,"If you're a fan of futuristic racing, combat racing, or off-road racing, then pick up this game.If your'e a fan of Rollcage, why are you even reading this? You should be playing!Grip has a very solid feel, it's absolutely beautiful, and it sounds like it's going to bass your house down.The developer, Caged Element, has been very close to the community and updates have been frequent and satisfying.Despite being in a very early build, Grip is astonishigly polished.  I think we have a legend in the making here."
76561198070671727,Recommended,396900,27732208,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lordofblocks,"This isn't just a racing game. There are enough weapons to keep it simple but effective and the tracks require different strategies. The soundtrack is amazing and will keep you playing more, trying to master each track. The patches and updates are consistently good which shows the devs are very motivated. Would love to see the future for this game!"
76561197970492045,Recommended,396900,27730488,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,granite_seven,"GRIP is shaping up to be a great combat racing game and one of the few early access games I've bought into that looks like it will actually live up to expectations.  There have been regular updates with new content, tweaks and features with much more to come. The game plays brilliantly and looks amazing, I can't wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,396900,33094921,Posted: 1 July,all,Slider,I really enjoyed playing this. That rollcage have really big potential in this to be of our times. :D
,Recommended,396900,33095500,Posted: 1 July,all,Vince,"Excellent arcade racing game ! It's a little bit like WipEout meets Mario Kart charged on steroids.It would be quite an understatement to say this game is fast, it's probably one of the fastest game I ever played.Vehicule handling is excellent, tracks are beautiful and interesting... although sometimes most unforgiving.Keep up the good work guys, your game rocks !"
,Recommended,396900,33104626,Posted: 1 July,all,HypstaMarcel,Brings back memories of Rollcage but now with awesome HD graphics <3
76561198064941325,Recommended,396900,33231038,Posted: 4 July,all,Operating Thetan,"Please put some AIR CONTROL !! it's so frustrating to be passive when the car fly randomly in the air... It happen so frequently. When you're dropping out of a tunnel, coming from the ceiling for example.Slightly, as in GTA V or even less control but clearly it would be so useful.Also the maniability is OK but it can be better.Great game anyway.THX"
,Recommended,396900,33468458,Posted: 11 July,all,InsAniTy,"As a Rollcage fan, this is amazing!! As a racing fan, this is amazing!! This game is amazing!!Negatives: Some of the map/track designs can have too many obsticlesPositives: EVERYTHING ELSE"
,Recommended,396900,31031607,Posted: 8 April,all,Keelback00,"If you like futuristic weapons racers, this game is flippin awesome......I made a pun on accident and I'm sorry."
,Recommended,396900,31077860,Posted: 11 April,all,Hotter Than Hentai™,There may not be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of people playing multiplayer but the physics are cool af it's a great game to play when you're high
76561198024340486,Recommended,396900,31172583,Posted: 16 April,all,Lejurai,"Pure rollcage bliss. Fast, beautiful, sounds like million dollars."
,Recommended,396900,31179113,Posted: 16 April,all,Colt,i have never played the original game where this one is inspired by. but i realy love this game and i do recomend that you try it
,Recommended,396900,31162190,Posted: 15 April,all,_333_,Fantastic!
,Recommended,396900,31159155,Posted: 15 April,all,the_bazZ,"My first Early Access. And I'm blown away.Every aspect of this game is amazing. Down to the impressive post-race-camera.GRIP already shows its relevance. If the devs keep it up, this will be played for a long time.Thanks for the new memories."
76561198349195867,Recommended,396900,31078134,Posted: 11 April,all,yucheng.xu,Pros- Game play is super fun. Your car can drive on the side and flip over.- UI is good.Cons- Music is generic.Only buy if you have a gaming computer.
,Recommended,396900,31149775,Posted: 14 April,all,~Z~,"As a fan of the original RollCage games, this is a godsend. It's exactly what I expect from a great RollCage successor for today. I can tell that once the campaign and additional modes are filled out, it'll be a classic. Here's hoping a ton of people will be online for multiplayer for the near future."
76561198072434709,Recommended,396900,21875214,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,SteelWalker,"Great game, very funny with great effects. fantastic support from developers!"
,Recommended,396900,31147557,Posted: 14 April,all,AceRohot,"Imagine being on a roller coaster with a loop that goes on forever, and increasingly gets faster.This what GRIP is. If you like fast-paced raicng, this game is a MUST-buy.(Also don't play this game for more than an hour straight because you will throw up it gets pretty dizzy)"
76561197997669305,Recommended,396900,31188362,Posted: 16 April,all,Vierce,"This plays exactly how I remember Roll Cage Stage II back in the day. As soon as I saw this game and that it was inspired by (read: spiritual successor to) roll cage, I immediately bought 2 copies. I can't get enough of this racing style and I've always loved the concept of roll cage, so I hope this company finishes this game and adds as many tracks and cars as they can. Til then, I'll be playing the same few tracks over and over."
,Recommended,396900,23893595,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TRUMP2020,LOVE IT! Hats off to the devs who truly captured the soul of Rollcage. I can't wait to buy it on PS4 as well.
,Recommended,396900,31390729,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr._Kebab,The true successor of Rollcage...nostalgia with today's standards
,Recommended,396900,31230788,Posted: 18 April,all,RB26DETT,The nostalgia is real i have and still have and play rollcage stage 2  this game is awesome period a revamp of a great game that they kept great. Twisted metal is also a franchise i loved back on the ps1 days 1-4 great games then they tryed to revamp it on the ps3 and personal i didnt like it they took away alot of the things that made twisted metal a great game. But these guys who made grip kudos to u m8s i raise my beer and tip my fedora to you great game and keep the content coming. (I dont own a fedora thats just a spicey meme i wanted to insert)
,Recommended,396900,20917044,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Chaotix,"I had written an earlier review of Grip, but I feel the need to come back to it. There are only a couple of early access games for me personally which have been a pleasure to watch develop over the time they've been available on Steam, and Grip is one of those games.Grip is a direct descendant of the futuristic racing genre of the 90s. It is a sublime modernization of the classic Rollcage series in Unreal Engine 4. This is not necessarily a reboot of Rollcage, it has all new tracks, locations and overall lore, however the development team behind it feature people who were involved in the original games, and the gameplay could be described as a direct evolution of the original Rollcage series.If you've not experienced Rollcage before, let me try and describe it. You have a 4 wheeled vehicle which can spin 180 degrees and operate on its roof as efficiently as it does under its starting orientation. At high speeds and against challenging foes, this mechanic bursts to life. There are weapons you pick up and use throughout each race, as well as other modes which are more combat-orientated. The whole thing runs at a blisteringly brilliant 60fps and feels genuinely faster than a lot of its competition.Throughout its early access release, the team at Caged Element have rolled out updates with satisfying regularity, which is impressive for such a small collective. They have recently launched the online multiplayer mode, and although it is still early days, the mode functions very well already and shows excellent promise for the future. I should also point out the game features an absolutely superb original soundtrack of techy drum and bass and nu-skool breaks. As a drum & bass DJ myself this is a very welcome thing to hear in a modern game, and is something you don't see all that often these days.I am massively enthusiastic about futuristic racers and have bashed the hell out of them over the past 30 years. They've had a bit of a resurgence recently with games like Distance and Redout on Steam, Fast Racing on Nintendo, as well as various others. For me, Grip is the best of this bunch, and as it continues to become a better game, there's never been a better time to jump on board."
,Recommended,396900,31305629,Posted: 22 April,all,Maix,Absolute must for drum and bass fans!
,Recommended,396900,31331769,Posted: 23 April,all,Albern,"So fast and so chaotic! Camera views can be a bit disorienting at times but can be easily fixed through updates. Some of the track design could do with more refining to remove the issue of cars getting stuck. Other than that, fantastic racing game. Can't wait for more content updates!"
,Recommended,396900,31274651,Posted: 21 April,all,[$È] Don Cornetto,In 1995......when homing Rockets target your own vehicle on launch.Fire and Forget......Missile.
,Recommended,396900,31450326,Posted: 29 April,all,Eldoro,Its the oldschool battle racer like extreme g and othere simular racers. Then theres proper Drum´n bass. So i bought it.
,Recommended,396900,24520682,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Cosmos,"One of the best game I've played in a long time, especially after the multiplayer update. Running this on a 144hz screen (previously 60hz) made a world of difference."
,Recommended,396900,33589928,Posted: 16 July,all,ThisIsBa,"Pretty good for early access. It's fun. It could use some more optimization though and controller support does not work with steam big picture and can be buggy. My PS4 controller works outside of big picture, but Grip can't register the D Pad or the right joystick."
76561198119495902,Recommended,396900,32946403,Posted: 28 June,all,The Chilled Cat,"This game is very good and has A LOT of potential. I love the fact that you can pelt around the tracks at ridiculous speeds whilst still having to thnk about avoiding certain objects. The carkour maps are so much fun too. The only thing that I feel this game needs is more maps and items that you can unlock whether that be new cars, new tracks, new features for your car and so on. It would just give the game more of an achievement feel, like you're kind of working towards something instead of just playing the same maps with the same car. I really hope the devs don't stop improving this game as I think there's room for so much more with this game."
76561198298214441,Recommended,396900,32975267,Posted: 28 June,all,ACE7F22,"Let me just say this game is EPIC!!!!  Having grown up with the old-school car and combat racing games, this is something I very much miss, and they are doing it right.  The first one isn't even finished, and I'm looking forward to GRIP 2 already.Just a few words from experience, the game has a wicked adrenaline rush, and an attitude that keeps pulling you in for more.  You get a taste of this, and you keep finding yourself wanting to get back in for more.  I hope this game grows into something massive.  The gaming world needs this for the current and future generation.NEVER LET THE HIGH SPEED BATTLES END!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,396900,25833417,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Dripping Yellow Madness,This is an absolute must-have for arcade racing fans. I sincerely hope that the game takes off when it leaves early access.
,Recommended,396900,21286769,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,donkey tron,"are you the one responsible for melting the PS1 laser assembly after one too many hours of rollcage? if so, welcome back. rollcage veterans should have little trouble adapting to controls or handling. i've been driving like it was 1999 since the third race.9/10, because grip completely reeks of fresh, hot rollcage.6/10, because grip is beginning to feel more like mario kart than rollcage. updating also requires downloading the entire game.. not really a problem until the lastest update drops less than 48 hours from the previous one."
76561198021813219,Recommended,396900,35352116,Posted: 30 September,all,spartican,"GRIP is great! it retains a very similar look and feel as the original game.There is a multiplayer feature being developed which (once it is working properly) will be excellent.However, as a single player game it has no vehicle development, or progression which means after a few hours of nostalgic explosive schenanigans... you get a bit bored.I like the game, and appreciate that it is 'Early Access' therefore I hope the developers plan on creating some kind of challenge/reason to play.I am giving this a Positive review as I love the feel of the game, and hope it continues to be developed to create a better long term gaming experience. HOWEVER, if you are expecting a complete game, wait till it has had more content added."
76561198034719886,Recommended,396900,35185240,Posted: 24 September,all,Yeti,Just great. Sure I'd seen this in my dream some time before.
,Recommended,396900,35206778,Posted: 25 September,all,Prykie1995,"Can't believe I haven't left a review on this yet!!In short, GRIP is fantastic. I've had the game from very early on when it only had three tracks and one car, and even then I could see this game was going to be great. The basic fundamentals of the game felt right, the physics, momentum, speed and looks all came together so well, though minor quirks and issues were present. Over time this experience has improved tenfold. For instance, in earlier incarnations of the game it was far too easy to go airborn from the most minute pebble and lose control, flying from barrier to barrier once launched. This has been addressed, with impacts causing less ricochet and a general smoothing out of the handling mechanics. This includes drifting of vehicles, which is now far more intuitive and less of a cloth touching exercise. The amount of content in the game has increased substantially since I first bought it too, with tons of new tracks and vehicles having been added along with multiplayer finally getting put into the mix.The graphics are amazing. It is a modern game through and through, with some great post processing effects and highly detailed vehicles. The textures for the circuits themselves are decent enough and considering the speed at which you go flying through them you will barely pick up on their finer details. The game runs smooth for me, though I have had the chance to run the game on a Fury X and 1080, so am unsure on slightly less powerful cards. However considering the flexibility of the graphics settings and the way the game is optimised already, I feel it should run well on pretty much any modern dedicated graphics hardware.The cpu difficulty is sufficient and provides a moderate challenge on it's hardest setting and it's highest speed, although this is highly dependant on your start and how well you've mastered the basic mechanics. If you manage to get away well from the start and distance the opposition, it's not overly difficult to go on and win the race. Even then, if you have a decent grasp of the physics of the game and understand where the best lines are then you usually stand a good chance of winning regardless of how well you start. I suppose this is only a minor gripe and will be polished up as the game reaches it's proper release.One of the additions I was very happy in seeing was the vehicle customisation option which was added into the game. This lets you choose the base chassis, with lots of different variants with different stats, and then decide your colour scheme for wheels and body aswell as choosing from a number of different tyre designs. It's not a huge change but it's a great addition that will likely see fleshing out in the future.This game is a great homage to arcade racers dating all the way back to F Zero. It may specifically target those fond of the rollcage games, but it easily scratches the same itch that fans of Wipeout and other similar titles play these games for. It's a riot."
76561198076354084,Recommended,396900,27560751,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MazeFrame,"You are looking for a combat racer and like Drum & Bass?Well then, here is your game."
76561198103757004,Recommended,396900,35467073,Posted: 4 October,all,Aelita con Cuacamole,"Its all i want from a futuristic racer and maybe it will be even more. Just watch it on YT. Love the design and the feel of it. Maybe some more easy tracks for a noob like me would be nice, some more Indianapolis style tracks. I dunno. I hope this game gets a lot of players. Can´t wait to play Multiplayer.  One downside might be for other players that its definetly a game for controller. Or maybe you are better with the keyboard then i am. There are just a lot of buttons to press.So far it is amazing. Keep it up , Devs."
