user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029584543,Recommended,397190,23426723,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Korean Lady Jesus,"This game is simply incredible. I had been looking for a tabletop wargaming experience in digital format for a very long time. The direct predecessor to this game, Pike and Shot, looked very viable, but I was not interested enough in the time period and aesthetic of it to gamble $40. Something about landschneckts in frilly blouses and giant feather caps wielding impossibly long pikes just doesn't do it for me (purely a personal preference).But being a lifelong fan of Japanese history, and in particular the Sengoku Jidai, when this game came out I knew I had to get it. I have no regrets. It is a near-perfect digital adaptation of tabletop wargaming.You know those feels you get when when you're playing your favorite tabletop wargame and you bait your opponent into a perfect flank charge that rolls up his entire battle line? Or when the Dice Gods answer your desperate prayers to pass an impossible morale check? Or when your ""sure thing"" charge gets bounced by an unusually motivated mob of peasants? All those feels are right here in this instant classic.The art design is also just incredible, and, if you can believe this, actually looks even better in-game. I find myself marvelling at how the battlefields look like a classic painting and a real battlefield at the same time. It's highly stylized but realistic and utilitarian all at once. I've seen a couple of complaints about things being difficult to see, but aside from the very occasional hard-to-find facing marker, I haven't had any of those problems.The mechanics of the game are very elegant. I love that the effects of attrition, fatigue, and morale are all represented by a single unit cohesion status. Units are either steady, disupted, fragmented, or routed. Other mechanics such as charge priority, evasion, and terrain effects all work as they should.Which brings me to my next point - I've seen a couple of complaints in player reviews regarding the pursuit mechanic specifically and the extent of your control over units in general. There are zero problems here. The game designer addresses the issue in a brief article entitled ""A Question of Control"" in which he cites both common-sense and historical reasons for his decisions. They make total sense. History has shown that it's pretty tough to control large masses of humans who are literally fighting for their lives and in varying states of rage, fatigue, bloodlust, and mortal terror.Turns out that historically, troops wouldn't stop chasing after men who had been trying to shove spears through their heads mere moments earlier simply because their field general asked them nicely. If you're not able to plan around this reality of human behavior, maybe commanding virtual hordes of little men on digital battlefields isn't for you.And besides, your men generally do not pursue enemies all the way off the battlefield every single time in spite of some reviewers' claims. Regardless, what you should be doing is positioning your units in such a way that pursuits of routed enemies will result in charges against other enemy units. Now that's using your noggin. Trick your bloodthirsty little computer men into doing what you want!Anyway, enough about that. I can already see that this game is one of those rare classics that I will still be playing regularly even 10 years from now. And it's also blown me away enough that I will be overlooking my contempt for flamboyant renaissance era dress to play Pike and Shot. If it's even half as good as Sengoku Jidai, I am sure I won't be disappointed.In summary: Buy this game."
76561197986370677,Recommended,397190,23087114,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Hyenaz,"SHORT SUMMARY:Overall fun and has everything you liked about ""Field of Glory:Renaissance"" and ""Pike&Shot"". The new graphic style and UI is not very clear to read though and detracts from the gameplay.All in all reccomended as an enjoyable tactical battle game.IN DEPTH EXPLANATION BELOW:THE GOOD:1. The good old Field of Glory:Renaissance system - if you like it, play the game.2. So far imho good and realistic combat results (I never played the asian armies in tabletop, so this is new for me mind you)3. Enjoyable tactical battles, just as with the previous game in this series.4. Varied armylist. NO YOU DO NOT HAVE TO BUY THE DLC TO PLAY A BATTLE AS THE MONGOLS OR JURCHEN! These are vailable freely in skirmish mode. The dlc is just for the campaigns.5. The AI is decent.THE BAD (mostly grpahics and UI):1. The UI/graphics - it looks cool on first glance, but its much less user-friendly than the one in ""Pike&Shot"". Its harder to see unit facing and the ""engaged in combat"" markers are hard to see, especially in forests. After a few battles it became easier, but the UI is still more fuzzy than in the pervious game in teh series (Pike&Shot).2. While the graphics don't have to be relaly pretty to me in a strategy games, I do want to say that my eyes felt tired after some 2 hours of gameplay. This is usually a bad sign in a strategy game. I wear glasses with anti-reflective coating and play in a well-lit room, and yet my eyes felt tired. This did not happen with Pike&Shot or with other games based on this engine.Guess someone will probably come up with a ""P&S"" style terrain and UI modpack soon.3. No multi-sided campaign, in each campaign you can choose one of 2 sides only. Come on this is Sengoku-Jidai the era of shifting alliances and numerous warring factions.I know this game engine was deisgned for 2 sides, but I think in this particular game the devs could have done more given the era flavor.4. No full-Japan campaign map, you are limited to central Japan only.5. No southeast asian armylists, nor the possibility to use European armies from P&S. Its a minor point all things considered as this is a standalone game after all. I'd be willing to buy a southeast asian DLC if the price was reasonable though.6. Was especting some more specifgic asian terrain. Instead rice paddies are just ""rough"" terrain etc. Feels more generic than it should."
76561198004628500,Recommended,397190,23119156,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zebedee,"My first time trying out a game by these guys. And for turn-based  battles it is precisely what one would hope for.The battle mechanics are fluid, make sense in a simple to learn and well explained manner, and is possibly the best turn-based system I've yet played in how it removes absolute control of units once battle is joined. You will curse your cavalry as it pursues enemies off the battlefield and then cheer on your samurai as they smash through the enemy front line and roll it up. The timer ticks down during the battle, nightfall being salvation or a missed opportunity. The music and the styling of the maps really fits the theme. The AI is useful whilst remaining an AI. This game will likely shine even more against a human opponent.The campaign mode is clearly not the focus here, and to me that's a shame. I can appreciate the design philosophy whilst wishing there were more to it. Whilst it ties together battles and their consequences, there is a sense of it being there solely to tie those battles together. Perhaps one day more could be done here. As a criticism of this game it's a very mild one because it's just wishing it were more.Would recommend this game. There's a lot of play time here even for solo players and a nice entry point into turn based strategy games (average army size has been around 10k to 15k for me - 20 or 30 units) while retaining sufficiently nuanced detail to please older grognards."
76561198109500046,Not Recommended,397190,23142065,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,hobotone,"I absolutely love Slitherine games. I've put more hours into Battle Academy than any other game I own, so every time I see a new game using the BA engine, I usually take the bait.I wanted to love Sengoku Jidai. Just like Pike & Shot, the game is aesthetically beautiful. The period artwork is gorgeous, and along with the great music, really provides an immersive experience.What killed both games for me was the pursuit mechanic. I look at turn based wargames like games of chess. I want to plan my strategy, and develop it by thinking several turns ahead. What I don't like is having control of the game ripped away from me by the game mechanics, and not the cunning tactics of the enemy. It's simply impossible to implement an overall strategy when every time a unit breaks, the victorious unit automatically chases it. You end up with units vanished off the map, with no idea when or if they'll return. Other units have rallied at random points outside of command range, and even getting them back into action is going to be a tedious chore. The only actual chance you get at strategy is in your initial deployment, because once your units make contact, you essentially lose control of them. They are locked in melee combat for multiple turns until one breaks, then the victor compulsively chases the loser around the map. I've literally spent four turns or more without issuing a single order. Once all the automation is finished, the battle has devolved into a scattered mess, and any sense strategy is lost.Until the pursuit mechanic can be toggled off in the settings menu, I'll have to look elsewhere. I'm bummed about this."
76561197970789401,Recommended,397190,23296959,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,lamarax,"Ukiyo-e: The Game. Everyone who appreciates human civilization should get this, ""grog"" or not.This is not a ""poor man's Total War"" as some reviewer below was misled (?) to think; it's a miniatures wargame ported to digital form. And what a thoughtful port it is!For me, this game does capture the very essence of what ""TW: Shogun"" -the original TW title back in 1999- was meant to feel and transpire: a tactical (not strategic) chalenge, but foremost a slice of taste of a particular era in history I was not familiar with, and became fascinated since."
,Recommended,397190,24330558,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Gorgo Primus,"Finally, a good game about the Imjin War! Great mechanics that really captures what one presumes would be the feeling of commanding a battle in 16th and 17th century East Asia."
76561198057667882,Recommended,397190,23197541,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,jeanbert71,"this is a great game. if you like Japanese history and in particulr Samurai history then this could be the game for you.  there is so much in this game that it will probably keep you going for hundred of hours. the battles are huge and complex, beautiful to behold  and quite hard. you have to plan well ahead and be prepared to react when one of you mounted untis charges off in pursuit of an enemy unit. that can be frustrating but if you study history that is what happened in many battles. so realistic? yes.  enjoyable? yes if you don't mind thinking a lot and are not  the type to go charging off at the first sight of the enemy. i have seen some say that you don't have enough control over your troops but in this kind of war few did. you told them what to do and watched as they did just that.  there is just so much in this game. for me the Mongol invasions were one of my favourite periods in history and you get the chance to play the 2nd Mongol invasion campaign or just go for a skirmish if that is what floats your boat. geez, just buy this game and be prepared to immerse yourself in a deep and satisfying tactical wargame."
76561198016880425,Recommended,397190,23156750,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Retrograde,"An enjoyable and solid tactical wargame. The art and music are evocative of the period.If you have interest in Japanese history, it’s a great choice with campaigns and skirmish mode for generating battles.The addition of forces and battles outside of japan, like Korean and Chinese units, adds to the variability of this game.No crashes, AI appears to be OK."
,Recommended,397190,23211023,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MajorReisman17,"OK first I would like to state that I did pay full price for the game plus all the DLC except for the e-manuals. I have never purchased or played Pike and Shot.  Now that is out the way onto the game.This game is so far very enjoyable. I really like the art style and I also really enjoying playing the skirmish mode (I am still learning the ropes). I also especially like the addition of generals although sometimes loosing a general feels a little weak in my opinion (e.g. not a great effect if he gets killed).Sometimes you think your plan is working finally just to get a boat load of bad results (and bad decisions sometimes - we are all human after all :-)) and suddenly you find yourself in a mess and having to come up with a new plan (which this is very rewarding to play). I know some people compare this to Total War series and even though I have played most of the series (last one funny enough was Shogun Total War 2 with all the DLC packs). I personally have always struggled with playing these and the campaign map side of things are somehwat complicated and takes alot of time to perform turns. On the other hand this game has simplier campaigns (which to me are much easier to play).The battles really have a wargaming feel to them (congrats on getting this right - I started out wargaming / playing board games approx 25 years ago).I think the biggest difference however between Total War and this game are the turn based battles. Total War series have very nice looking battles however its all realtime so if you have a large army it can be hard keeping track of everything going on (which is somewhat realisitc) and makes performing specific tactics hard. On the other hand this game really is very tactially challanging gameplay and has a good mixture of stratagy and tactics (and a little lady luck) in order to win the day.It is much easier to perform flanking manoevers and perform some very unique tactics. In Total War series it more about the two sides just running into one another and fighting it out (hoping you purchased and positioned the right troops).I really like having to use what little brain I have left to plan and implement the best possible tactics including trying to get the upper hand on the oppenent by using tactics like ambushes, flanking and charging into the rear of troops (which is devasting by the way). Your troops also have a chance of pursing which could cause you to loose your troops (sometimes only temporary) if you are too close the the map edge so you have been warned. I am looking forward to playing a lot more of this game in the weeks and months to come and look forward to future plans that this company has.Highly recommend purchasing this if you are into wargames and enjoy lots of stratagy/tactics options with a simplier campiagn. Great job developers."
76561198036504858,Not Recommended,397190,32767213,Posted: 25 June,all,versrat,"I really was prepared to like this game.  BUT, it's just impossible to play in any meaningful way.For example, My superior, general-led yari samurai charged an ashigaru unit in the flank, then they are described as DISADVANTAGED ?  They lost more casualties - how can a unit charged in flank even fight back to any extent, let alone kill more men ?My unit of ashigharu was in a villaage, gets fired on by arqubuses which inflict 50 - yes 50 - casualties (despite the cover), the unit falls back and is then charged frontally by the same matchlock-armed unit and beaten.  Really, against formed spear-armed troops ?The computer's cavalry units seem capable of charging anything and beating it - spear-armed troops, no problem !  They will then follow up any routing units by conveniently charging other units behind.  My pursuers seem to invariably stop, or be turned by the computer to face in some useless direction.I had 2 computer units virtually surrounded by about 6 of mine, and they just kept fighting, turn after turn.Oh, and the computer always makes sure that it inflicted 40% casualties on you by the end of turn 20, so that you lose.(And this is only on difficulty setting 2.)The Japanese setting also makes it impossible to mass troops for an attack.  Your CinC can't move, his command has to stay within command range, so they have to be left behind when you set out after the enemy.  Straight away you are 20% of your army down, compared with the computer.I have been playing wargames for 50 years.  I really wish that this was better,  It could be a good game - but it's not!Very disappointed.  8o("
76561198042210567,Not Recommended,397190,31081137,Posted: 11 April,all,Ninja Cat,"not worth the money. the rng is terrible- your elite cav fall into disorder charging a peasant mob whereas the computer cav will break your samurai spear wall. you'll shoot arrows and guns at peasants for 3 turns and they will be fine while your elite cav will become disordered after getting hit by one shot. it's not fun. i know it doesn't always go down like this, but it will seem like it does because you'll remember the bad more than the average.the historical battles require luck or trial and error to win. not fun. i won one the other day. it looked like it was going bad and then the rng swung in my favor and i won a couple key melees to eek out a victory. i try again this evening and it goes terribly. i tried again and did essentially the same thing and almost won. this just isn't fun. maybe if you're interested in the history of the battles it would be fun, i don't know.all the campaigns seem the same. there are like 12 if you have the dlc an idiot like me bought before playing. they all seem the same, but the your first campaign will be fun because unlike historical battles, you deploy your army. you can buy troops for your armies and choose where and when to fight. winning, if you play these games, can be expected if you plan well. it's fun, but like i said, they all seems the same.oh, and then there is the koreans and the chinese. they have mostly missile troops so battles are about as fun as chasing down horse archers that continually rout and rally. just finishing tutorial 3 was a huge chore and that was a tutorial- think of how bad a real battle is. whether you are the one doing the hearding or praying for the rally as your horses approach the board edge, you're equally frustrated. here the rng kills it again. and chasing down skirmishers by charging every turn is terribly boring too.i'm an experienced wargamer- i play GG's war in the east and lots of games like this. i play games like this on the tabletop with miniatures. this has none of the charm pike and shot had. leave this kusoge alone"
76561198020705995,Recommended,397190,29521099,Posted: 27 January,all,Vermilion,"A Great tactical turn base war game which brings to life late medieval Asian warfare. Besides from the Samurai the game also features Mongols, Koreans, Ming Chinese, Qing /Jurchens.The Japanese/Samurais are commonly represented in games where as the Chinese , Koreans, are underrepresented and that is what sets this game apart from other games set in the same era. The warfare in this era is very interesting. Gunpowder weapons have become more widespread while traditional weapons like swords, spears and bows are still in use. The different factions adopt different tactics and doctrines.Pros: exciting skirmish mode battles  which features many historically accurate armies and units types. Factions vary in fighting styles and strategies they use.  Because of this, there is plenty of replay value.  Great music. Easy to learn yet plenty of strategic depth.Cons:  I feel the campaign mode is weak, siege battles is very unrepresented in this game considering most battles in history are fought via siege battles. UI is somewhat crappy.I have played Total War games and this game got me into turn base wargames on PC and tabletop.If you are into Asian military history, and don't mind turn base  games then get it now!"
76561198069344650,Recommended,397190,30475813,Posted: 12 March,all,Yong Sang,"All in all. Sengoku Jidai is a great game about east asian culture . The Gameplay is very sophisticated and the graphic looks  great like asian art.For the future, please add more music samples and vietnamese campaign as DLC .I would appreciate that.By the way, the German translation is very good. Therefore keep going. :)"
76561198007390873,Recommended,397190,30457563,Posted: 11 March,all,MadMark56,"I must begin by saying that I like the Battle Academy system. Having said that, I recently bought  Sengoku Jidai when it was on sale. I'm happy with the game...just like BA, BA2, and all the Pike and Shot games, but have one complaint namely the graphics. I seem to recall that Pike and Shot also had to have a face-lift a number months after it's release. The units are tiny, even on highest resolution, and the terrain is bland. This is such a colorful period (literally), and you can barely make out the figures. The map could have perhaps tried to imitate the beautiful scenery depicticted on various scrolls and screen paintings from the period.  So, yes I'd recommend this game to those that like the Battle Academy system...but I wish the graphics might be improved even if a small DLC cost had to be paid. I will add that I really like the idea of allied generals (and the Duels), and wished they were added to Pike and Shot. I miss Gustavus Adolphus, Wallenstein, Pappenheim, Tilly, et al."
76561198055594728,Recommended,397190,23231112,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,dynamic_dynamite,"This game is the masterpiece of pike and shot style game with amazing music and very impressive artwork.  The ukiyo-e style is well embedded in the game. I could see the talent of these game designers. The game mechanism is also well-designed to try their best to show what the 16th century oriental war would be like.  Some of the reviewers may not like the mechanism of pursuing and think it is out of control.  However, from the game perspective, I like it since it could prolonged the manoeuvre distance. From the historical perspective, if someone studied battle of Kawanakajima, you could see wrongly pursuing could cause confusion. So using charge carefully and wisely is quite vital."
,Recommended,397190,28818110,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CorranThrn,"Pros:The core underlying game mechanics are fascinating and historically accurate.  From the unit names to the war history, the developers have researched and attempted to capture the feel of several of the wars in Asia during the second Millenium. If you can imagine the game flowing smoothly from attack to attack and moment to moment, then there is a flow that feels like a battle taking place.The difficulty is high here too.  There is a lot of depth to how you can manage each battle  To complete a perfect battle takes a lot of focus.Cons:The User interface of this game is horrid.  From menus to prompts to simply closing menus, or menus popping up more than on, there are a number of bad practices that went into the UI design.  You'll find yourself cringing frequently as another box appears which says the same thing. Much of the text is overwrought, and difficult to read and interpret.  You'll find yourself spending 1-2 hours on a single battle and not even finishing it.Mastering the game is going to continue to be difficult as many of the decisions you're making aren't clear because of the UI.  It is unclear how much AP a turn will take, or whether or not attacks take AP.  Sometimes you'll move 3 squares and be able to charge the guy at the end of the move, then suddenly you won't be able to.  Sometimes you'll have 0 AP left, but still be able to fire your guns or bows.  It is unclear why or when this happens.  I had to search through the tools menu because I found it difficult to keep track of which units had already moved.  Check the Unit List in the Tools menu (top right, weird, right?) for more info when you are unclear as to who is still needing actions.ConclusionIf you want a game that is challenging and represents history accurately, then this is a good choice.  The game is kind of pricey for the layout, but they are adding more content, so you're kind buying an engine.  Sadly, that engine has a poor UI which really interrupts the flow of the game and doesn't present information well enough for a smooth and flowing battle which this engine is capable of."
76561198023507159,Recommended,397190,25123574,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,the.grognard,This is a nice mix of DBM stand-type miniature games with a layering of build-it-yourself army development.  It's historical without being bogged down in too much minutia.If you like the Sengoku period and/or DBM like games - you'll be very happy with the gameplay.
76561198102021408,Recommended,397190,23095817,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,torrent of a goose,"a very enjoyable game, challenging,  easy to learn and looks good. the art work is excellent. i particularly like the crimson splatter mark that momentarily engulfs both melee units at the moment of impact. i don t know what artistic genius thought of that one but it certainly works for me!for those who like scores i d give sengoku jidai  an 8/10.  highly recommended."
,Recommended,397190,23097115,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,pinback,"The graphics and sounds (other than the soundtrack, which is magnificent) are not going to wow anyone, but if you have any interest in tactical wargaming, the game will.I don't know from Pike & Shot, I don't know anything about the history on display, and I barely know what I'm doing, but still it manages to be fun, accessible, and addictive as hell.And really, even if you just leave it on in the background for the music, it's still worth it.++++++++ WOULD SAMURAI AGAIN"
,Recommended,397190,25824598,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Raied,"Just like Pike & Shot, Sengoku Jidai has brilliant battle system that the best I played since Field of Glory.If you liked Pike & shot you will love this even if you are not into Japanese/ Far East history, Sengoku Jidai adds a nice system of General and C-n-C.The art work of the game is marvelous and fit well into the theme, also the music adds a lot to the atmosphere.The game has a simple campaign system just like P&S, but the game really shines with its battle system, the moral system is best I have seen so far in any melee tactical game.I want to add also, that the game has PBEM++ (Play by Email with Slitherine server) like many recent turn based strategy by Slitherine, and you must try it, here is where the replayability of the game increase drastically.The game also has tons of historic campaigns and battles, and random skirmish mode plus players made scenarios.Definitely worth the price, and it is currently on of my top games."
,Not Recommended,397190,30582834,Posted: 17 March,all,sixthecat,"This game ends up spending most of the time playing itself. Just trying to quit a game can be obnoxious, because the game is still trying to continue playing with itself.I love the feudal time period of Japan, but this game just doesn't bring it to life. The units are hard to tell the difference from on the battlefield. It shows what the units are if you highlight them, but they should be easier to discern without mousing over them.The graphics look okay, but once in action, it is quite boring. I prefer playing boardgames to this. Just does not seem worth the time investment."
76561198038466696,Recommended,397190,23089897,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Downright.,"With winter coming on here in this wrecked city it's nice to have something good to occupy oneself for the duration and ""Sengoku Jidai Shadow of the Shogun deluxe edition""has enough content to last several winters I'd reckon.But is it any good? It certainly is.It runs fine,absolutely glitch free  in the admittedly short time I've played..Looks good in a wargamey way ,S.J.has no wondeful vistas,this isn't about pretty,this is about function  and it does that well.There is a very good tutorial ,clear and easy to follow.The music is great,does not sound the slightest bit phony . Some of the battle sounds(firearms) are  good ,others (arrows,retreating units) less so.But overall they are OK.The controls are virtually the same as""Pike and Shot campaigns"".It's pretty brutal wargaming this, there are no spells or magic potions here it's just bung in yet another unit until the foe break and run or sometimes ,but not often, die where they stand.Conversely march a good unit,unsupported, straight up a bit of a hill against a fortified position held by only average troops and see  what happens.Terrain is very important,so is morale.                                                                                                                       This is a very good  bundle,  there are 6 campaigns and skirmishes galore, so it represents great value for a clever ,interesting,realistic wargame.Give it a try......"
76561198012821328,Recommended,397190,28841880,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Unfettered,"Still getting into it, but I've completed the tutorial and would like to comment on the core game design of Sengoku Jidai: Shadow of the Shogun.Best I can define it, it's the realistic tactical gameplay of the Total War series (elevation advantages, morale, fighting strength, armor, density of formation, etc)... meets grid-based board game type gameplay. You might say it's a miniatures wargame with the calculative considerations of a Total War game. You maneuver with action points on a grid, and engagements are calculated when they happen. It's handled quite well.It seemed a little vague at first, but as I played, I quickly began to understand more readily. The tutorial is well made in that it allows you to simply fight a battle, while presenting information to you as it first appears. It didn't bore me, and it told me what I needed to know.I see a lot of potential in this game. The skirmish settings are a bit abstract for what I'm used to, but other than that, I can see myself having a lot of fun with it. Recommended!"
76561198192491215,Recommended,397190,30161151,Posted: 25 February,all,bigdiao5582326,"Does anyone have the songs inside this game? I love the music!!!!!!it is a good strategic game though you may think that scale is too small compare to other strategic games, but I am interested in the war hisotry of East Asia, so personally, I do recommend this game, which  if you would like to know something about the China, Korea, Japan in the gunpowder age.there is something I am curious......why every Japanese soldier equip armor? and few Chinese and Korean warriors can have armor......Japanese in this game is just too powerful......"
76561197971692688,Recommended,397190,29262795,Posted: 14 January,all,[57th] Stilgar,"Enjoyable game.You are given details of your troops as you mouse over the individual units; same with the enemy. You then move your units in a chess-like fashion in an attempt to outmaneuver the enemy.Individual fights are based upon 5 or 6 factors, terrain, which units engaged, facing et cetera. After that it is a die roll. You are told of the outcome as your watch casualties on both sides mount.Each unit has choices such as move, charge, and turn.Simple and yet.I would easily recommend this at a somewhat lower price. As it is, wait for a sale. But the game is fun."
76561198042968596,Recommended,397190,29299012,Posted: 16 January,all,Rolan le Gargéac,"It's wonderfully detailed, full of info/knowledge, accurate nolij, and gets very tense when you relinquish control to the vagaries of fortune, topology, troop stamina, experience etc.  Make a decision based on a hurried reading of the terrain, well, poo to you ! The maos are alittle flat, but you didn't have godlike powers of observation then, and ye don' now !  Which is really good, you have to think ahead, make sure you , OK I like this game ! It's definitely a good way to lose weight without leaving the chair. You do learn a lot of swearwords, which you will have to invent cos you really, really did not mean to do that, or send your little lads there !"
76561197974770053,Recommended,397190,31856257,Posted: 20 May,all,Big Shooter,"Much like chess, Sengoku Jidai really makes you look ahead in battles to gain the decisive advantage. I highly recommend if you are looking for truly interesting tactical battles, and if you have an interest in Japanese, Chinese, and Korean themes. This game does turn-based strategy right."
,Not Recommended,397190,32859722,Posted: 27 June,all,Fuzzyballs01,this game is less skill and  tactics based and more personal luck based
76561198006756264,Recommended,397190,31231747,Posted: 18 April,all,Edgewalker,"It's great,It's great,It's great."
76561198008035775,Not Recommended,397190,23207971,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,g_shaw30,"Too basic overall. For the price, there just isn't enough content."
76561198056070798,Not Recommended,397190,23108901,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Zerig,"great if you like fighting battles where the computer controls your army 90% of the timejust get the new Nobunaga's Ambition, it's also on Steam and much more fun"
,Not Recommended,397190,23553396,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,goodpoints,"Typical James Clavell/Creative Assembly fantasy bogus. Katana-wielding ashigaru all over the place. No bibliography in the manual but I'm sure it all comes from Osprey and Stephen Turnbull books. Compared to the relative accuracy of the historical scenarios in Pike and Shot, this was a big let down."
,Not Recommended,397190,25279837,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Corrosion,"I was so excited to buy this... Man, I was disappointed.This is just so weak."
