user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,397390,22098277,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,RIX,"I decided to write a review on this game after seeing a few negative comments about the game mechanic and deck size problem. There were also people who don't like the chef who keeps cycling through the deck until you get the needed cards. That is you problem, YOU NEED TO KEEP YOUR DECK SMALL. The chef could not do anything related to his main duty when the ingredients are not found yet, that is why he has more than one skill card to destroy other cards (this might actually be his role aside from cooking). USE THEM. Keep on destroying cards and make life easier,Here is an example to maintain a small deck is via the chef skills. The chef should always destroy cards whenever he got the chance with his skill cards. He could also help other class by using his FREE SAMPLE card to steal other character's cards and destroy it himself while helping other to draw cards quickly. If you're going to do this, you should always shrink the chef deck as small as you can, destroy one of his COOK card if necessary. Use the scientist to mutate his single remaining COOK card to have at least 2 power if you want.There are also a number of non-job cards to destroy cards. Burnilizer and the Gamma Toaster for example. We just need to think one step ahead before doing anything just like in many card related games. If you have THE CLAW, use it every time you get it in your hand to grab any card destroyer in your discard and destroy cards again if you don't have anything important to do on that character's turn.This game is difficult, but I think the challenge is great to keep us away from being bored. The RNG also DOES make life a bit harder - but in my opinion, it is still reasonable and it is at a very good standard board game difficulty. I can recommend this for anyone who loves the challenge of a fun cooperative board game."
76561198002608158,Recommended,397390,22130075,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Kenji Tamada,"If you are looking for:- a deckbuilder game-a coop game-a game with asymetrical rolesthen you have found your hidden gem.If you have played ""Dominion"", ""Star Realms"" or ""Legendary"" before then you know what to expect aside from the really cool system that each player has unique class cards and class actions only he can do.The Captain:She makes you reach your destination but that is only her most obvious abiltyShe also can:-teleport players to escape trapped rooms or solve crysis events-gather new cards for you players to buy-encounter events on the star map and has to resolve them.The ScientistHis job is to research new cards for all classes.He can:-unlock class cards for every class and vastly improves their decks by doing so (he determines whether you can burn/fix/fly/research/cook etc. seldom or regulary)-empower cards to make energy management easier (especially useful to help the Engineer)-copy cards of friends to use themThe CookHe is the ... what is he? Lets call him Bob. He is the Bob you need to turn all the ingredients yu gather into a dish ready for delivery. He can also:-burn useless cards of himself and his partners (VERY IMPORTANT!)-take a card from another player and get this player a new draw-dumpster (discard) dive to use discarded ingredients for his dish.The EngineerTrust him he is an engineer. If something is broken he can fix it. Doors, research panels, draw boxes, life support system, everything just a wrench and some energy away... or in case of emergency a well placed duct tape.He also can:-recharge your shield-upgrade your ship-exterminate those annoying pests that invade your deckAnd then there are many cards avaible for all classes.tl,dr:I had a very good time and can´t wait to get my friends to play coop10/10 would buy again"
76561198072088821,Recommended,397390,22261155,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,InfamousDave,"I'm probably not the best a writing reviews but here it goes.Space Food Truck has a lovely sense of humor, as well as an enraging trick of making sure that you know your hated by it and it will do everything in its power to make your match as haphazard as possible by knowingly removing the cards that you need to use on your turn, damaging the ship when your team knows in their hearts its the worst possible time for it, and breaking draw pods on the most important characters to make sure your drowning in only the worst cards.But you will love it. You will laugh and cry at the same time, and that will bind you and your friends (Or strangers if you play online) into a closer knit group than you may experience in many other games. (My friends list has grown by 5 already)The things that i think you the reader should know.-You can play this game locally at home, i plug the PC into the tv in the living room and we pass the mouse around like any other game we would play on the table.-You have to talk to people in online and use actual teamwork. If you don't, you will miss out on opportunities that will most likely explode your ship and chalk up another win to the PC.-On medium a normal match for me runs about 1h30m to 2h30m. Depends on the team, your luck, and just how angry the game is at you.-For me local play is perfectly stable, *****online is less than perfect at the moment. This game is pretty new out there so i'm giving it the benefit of the doubt that the hiccups of online play will be ironed out (Adding a server for posting games to join would be great so people who crash or leave can return to the same group instead of hoping that the host will rehost at the same time you rejoin and land in the same server.) ********* Online play has been improved, bugs have been cleared out more, and a lobby system has been implemented.  Still not quite perfect as there is some crashing, but worlds better. :DPurchasing on steam gives people the opportunity to use the chat channels outside of the game to match up again.Overall i give this game my deepest approval because it delivers an experience that ive been wanting and i hope that you are willing to give it a chance with your friends and be patient with the online!"
76561198068982092,Not Recommended,397390,32784740,Posted: 25 June,all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"Yeah, the game is very random but it give a board game feeling to me. But there are other details that makes the game very boring to play.The characters have no diversity.The captain moves ship.The scientist researches cards.The cook makes the recipes and burns useless cards.The engeener fix stuff.And they don't do anything else.It's advertised as a coop game but it's more fun to play on your own because characters are so simple that you can handle them all with no trouble.I'd really like if this game had characters with more diverse functions OR make them able to fill eachother's role. Some rebalance of the luck and overall progress of the whole game would also be appreciated.If this was reworked into a board game with the following features I'd probably buy it. And it would be very much possible. They'd just have to rework the space map and the scientist's upgrade ability."
,Recommended,397390,19260859,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,🐧 crow,"A fun deckbuilder game. Cook food in space, build a good deck for better cook food space, also has co-operative play, if you can find someone else who owns it. Hint: you can't."
,Not Recommended,397390,28070229,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Haunted,"Space Food Truck MAY be an excellent game. I have no idea. I have not been able to play it. Not once. There is no AI for single player and there is no one playing online. Thus, if you do not have a group of four, you are out of luck. Just like I am. I tried to get into Asynchronous or Live games for about four days now. I tried so much that I cannot return the game because my ""play time"" (irony) is over 2 hours.Do yourself a favor and skip this one. I wish I had read a note like this before wasting my time and money on this mess."
76561198037222425,Recommended,397390,20552818,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lord Gek,"I'm enjoying what little I've played of the game so far BUT, everybody needs to fully realize, this is not a wannabe FTL or even really a roguelite, it is a fun sci-fi themed deck building card/board game.  It doesn't feel super deep in complexity, but a lot like the recently released Tharsis, it can often be brutally difficult keeping the ship in one piece long enough to achieve your objectives.I think I've read others point out, that although, much like Sentinels of the Multiverse, this could be played multiplayer, I think it works better as a solo game as each of the roles, on their own, I think feel kind of 2 dimensional, whereas tyring to coordinate them all as a team is fun.It might just be my own inexperiencce with the game so far, but I find the toughest part of the game is having characters meetup in a given room, especially if it is not the character's room.  I mean I think I know how to do it but being able to coordinate at meetup where both characters can meet in room x while there is always pressing class based activities (which then instantly whisks the player back to their room if they attempt to do them), screws up most of my feebly attempted meetups."
76561197993295672,Recommended,397390,22164734,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Cheesehead,"Space Food Truck is a cleverly designed deck building game. That is the first thing you need to understand. It is not like FTL (Faster Than Light). It is more like a card game called Dominion. I will therefore explain what that means so you do not get the wrong idea.Dominion and similar card games have deck mechanics designed for four players. Space Food Truck has four characters that take turns in sequence. You are not allowed to check your main deck unless you play cards that allow you to. You may check your discard pile, though. Your decks will grow in size, and there are cards that allow you to attempt to thin your deck of unwanted cards.Most of the challenge comes from trying to keep your decks from getting too congested. The other challenge is to try and keep a mental note of what may be in your current deck, or what may be in the other decks.It is not like Magic the Gathering that allows you to build your deck the way you want.Dominion has certain deck mechanics that must be followed, or it changes the game. Space Food Trucks card mechanics are very similar.Perhaps the best example of this is Blackjack in casinos. We all know that digging in the dealer's cards is not permitted there. Card games operate in a different way.If there were no deck mechanics, this game would simply be a board game with assorted pieces. Keep that in mind before you decide the mechanics aren't to your liking.Random events also keep you on your toes. You must always decide whether to stay or keep moving. Sometimes parking in a spot can lead to your downfall real fast.Keep playing, and you will get better. Space Food Truck is quite fun and a very welcome addition to my library. It is way better than the same ole copy cat games out there.A special thanks to the developers for not sticking me with another crumby zombie game. I am personally sick of zombies."
,Not Recommended,397390,24470801,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"This is the first, and hopefully last, time I've had to go back and change a review. SFT started out fun, but every game I've played since has been a bug-riddled, RNG-filled mess in which I was barely able to make any decisions and lost largely because the game deemed it so.SFT is, at its core, a decent idea. A deckbuilding FTL about delivering food to the galaxy. Where it fails is in forcing players to buy a card every turn, making the only card guaranteed to be available completely useless, and in making isextremelyeasy for that card to be all there is. Which would be one thing if you at least had time to work with, but the game dumps a RNG event on you every single turn and every time you visit a new system. These events are overwhelmingly bad and either present a false choice of ""damage or no fun this turn"" or just deal unavoidable damage right off the bat. Others simply immediately damage systems, which compound rapidly and further reduce your options for doing anything.As if that's not enough, the netcode is truly abysmal. If you play with friends, expect them to be kicked every ten or so turns and the rejoin button to never work. It does at least autosave games so you can reload from where they were kicked, but its nonetheless completely inexcusable so long after release and in such a simple game.tl;dr: RNG hell starves the game of any agency and the netcode is determined to make you play alone."
76561198080389366,Recommended,397390,19263832,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,chaney,"This game hits a space I have been searching to fill:  challenging, requiring good strategy and tactical optimization, playable at a relaxed pace, and fitting into an hour or two.Two of my favorite games are the deck builder Dominion and the classic Nethack.  Space Food Truck combines elements and feel familiar from both.  The result is a game requiring effort to manage frustration due to randomness, and yielding great satisfaction on success.Getting the basics is quick and easy, mastering the game will take a long time - there is high replayability in this one."
,Recommended,397390,23460983,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,constantcompile,"Pros:- Excellent deckbuilding and risk-reward mechanics. Every choice feels meaningful and consequential.- Presentation is very pleasing. SFX, aesthetic, character design and writing are top-notch.- Each of the characters is very distinct, from their appearance to their dialogue to their playstyle.Cons:- Hardest difficulty is practically impossible without save-scumming, due to random event pairs that inflict irreversible damage even with perfect play.- Music, while great, is limited. You will listen to the same track for 90% of your play time.- If you want to play multiplayer, you'll either need friends that own the game or need to add people from the LFG group in the forum sticky. No one is floating in the lobby.I 100%'d it in 23 hours, partly because my single-player save on the hardest difficulty could be carried over to a multiplayer game to instantly win multiplayer as well. That felt more like a feature than a bug.Highly recommended. A fun, well-made deck building game that feels original and has a distinct character to it.My main tips for new players: You will add one new card to your deck per turn. If at all possible, you should ELIMINATE at least one card per turn from your deck, as well. Place a high priority on acquiring cards that destroy other cards when used. You'll need to grab plenty of ingredients in the early game to be able to afford them."
76561198006789458,Recommended,397390,22125679,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Gnilbert,"This game is a refreshing change of pace, and if the cool game mechanics and adorable graphics aren't enough, the game has a fantastic sense of humor regarding everything from the planet names/descriptions to the cards themselves.HOWEVER, there are a few key facts you need to know before you buy this game, because its light-hearted tone and deceptively simple mechincs don't adequately prepare you for how challenging the game can be - even on the easiest setting. Let me share those with you:Expect ""Very Bad Things"" to happen to your crewevery single turn. Sometimes you get lucky, but don't count on it.Deck building isn't just aboutaddingcards. You need to aggressively use every job and item card you can to remove excess cards foreverycharacter's deck. Keep your deck small. Don't keep cards you don't want to draw often.The types of cards you want will change over the course of the game. Don't be afraid to destroy expensive cards when they're situational or you just don't use them often.Some of the expensive cards are really, really bad. That's probably intended, so you have interesting choices (instead of leftovers), but don't let them fool you into keeping them.Actively swap cards among characters. Getting rid of a card usuallyhelpsthat character - especially if the character who receives currently has a way to destroy it (think beyond the Chef as card destroyer)""Research everything"" is not necessarily a great idea. In fact, this can actually create a lot of problems.Sometimes, it's a great idea to destroy a job card.With that in mind, I guarantee you'll have a blast touring the universe in your comedy-rich food truck - especially if you have other people to play with."
,Recommended,397390,29113688,Posted: 8 January,all,Stay_Frosty75,"Fun take on a deck building game with lots of events, choices, and ridiculous crisis to keep you entertained.  If you're not into deck building card games though, this may not be for you.  Multiplayer lobby needs some rework and cleanup though."
,Recommended,397390,32838813,Posted: 26 June,all,bjfraley1217,This game is perfect for fans of tabletop gaming. It has a very good Dominion type of gameplay that relies on deck-building. Planning ahead and using resources wisely will help greatly.This is a must for anyone who like co-op board games and likes to play steam games with friends.
,Recommended,397390,22174313,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sleepy,"This game is way more fun that I expected it to be. Its a unique deck-building game with some innovative systems layered on and some FTL-like randomization and thematics. I highly recommend it to any fans of deck-building style games.The game is played like a cooperative team card game, where you must tailor the deck of 1 of 4 unique characters in order to complete various goals and eventually win the game. You can play it completely single-player (controlling all 4 characters on your own) or play online multiplayer where you control only 1 role and make the decisions for only that character's deck. The various added systems and other elements keep it interesting and are actually very fun to engage with.Rarely do I post reviews on Steam, but this game just gave me such a unique and fun experience that I felt compelled to share my positive feedback. I wish there were more creative strategy games like this being developed.  2 thumbs up from me!EDIT: I've noticed many other reviews for this game that claim the game's balance is out-of-whack and that the gameplay is simply too hard (or even impossible.) I'd like to comment on those feelings from my personal perspective.My only criticism of the game's difficulty is that there does not feel like much of a difference between the easiest and hardest settings. On the hardest setting, your ship's starting stats are worse, researching new cards costs more, and the ingredients become harder to track down... however, everything else is seemingly the same. The random aspects of the game are identical on all modes. This means that once you overcome a bit of discomfort at the start, and get your decks properly tuned, the overall difficulty feels very much the same. I could see some adjustments being made so that the easiest setting had more 'postive' random events each turn (or on discovery of a new planet) and the harder settings more negative outcomes, but it's a pretty minor gripe for an otherwise excellent game.As far as the game being 'impossible' to beat -- I have played through the game 3 times thus far, once on each difficulty setting, and I have not yet even come close to losing my ship. I think that success or failure will often come down to whether or not you really understand the game's core mechanics (or the general principles and strategies of deck-building games).Since not everyone is as familiar with the genre, I'll try to share some important tips here: First, it is important to have a goal in mind when you are buying new cards. Don't just add a card to a deck because it sounds cool, think about how it will affect the other cards you already have in that deck and what you want to accomplish with that character/role. Second, you should constantly be destroying the weakest cards in each deck whenever possible, so that each turn you draw as powerful a hand as possible. The game will force you to add new cards each turn, so try to utilize card destruction effects to keep your deck as small and focused as possible. Lastly, you want to be exploring a new planet on every turn, so that you can restock the available cards in the shop. Because the Captain role goes first, they can easily buy up the best available cards, allowing them to continously travel to new planets without much issue.That's all I can say about that. Once you understand the strategy and the systems, getting the most out of all your cards is actually a lot of fun. :)"
,Recommended,397390,22113039,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SirGlennGould,"This is an excellent deck building game. The graphics are very endearing, the setting is pretty fun and the animations are well polished. But there are two big problems: the game system is broken and the there are no players online.In medium and high difficulty you are completely at the mercy of RNG. If your pilot fails to get a ""travel"" card you'll get stuck for 4 turns and your deck gets swamped with bad cards. If you get the shield-killing event, 9 times out of 10 it's game over.   If by a miracle you get to the 3rd delivery you better prey your cook draws both the ""special"" ingredient, a cooking card, and the power to use them. If you run into pirates on your first delivery, you wont be able to recover and end the game. In short, the RNG takes agency away from the player. If you get to the end of the game it will be mostly because of luck and not because of the choices you made.If the devs take care of these balancing issues and publicize the game a bit more it'll go down a storm."
,Recommended,397390,22159861,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Cos-moS,"Graphics & sounds : 4/5, it looks and sounds really nice, the cartoonish style fits wellGameplay : 3/5, original and interesting mix (a bit of rogue-lite, with card game & deck building), not overall I find it too simple and lacks variety. Once you've learnt to deal with the RNG, the game becomes ezReplayability : 2/5, it's likely that you will see everything in one run, so I'd say it's not very interesting to replay unless you are playing with friendsConclusion: Funny little game,I'd recommend it to people who are looking for an interesting game they count to play one or two evenings solo. I havn't tested the multiplayer yet, but giving the gameplays are quite simple, I'm not sure if it will be truely fun to play."
76561197996381121,Recommended,397390,23990633,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,russellfs,"This game is about mitigating RNG, exploring, deck building/thining and wonderful! I would recomend it for experienced board and card game players. As was mentioned by others knowing concepts from Dominion is particulary useful. The idea that you need to remove as much extra junk from your deck as possible is a key element of the game but also being mindful of what you are putting in your deck.For myself playing single player has been great fun and after 4 or 5 tries I beat it on Mild. (Easy?) Thank you to the Dev's, I know I will be enjoying this one for some time."
76561198004898148,Not Recommended,397390,22075398,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Knaughts,"Like others have said, this has a LOT of potential.I was very excited when I first saw this game, since I'm a huge fan of XCOM: The Board Game (XCOM:TBG), which has the same distinct features: co-op with 4 unique roles. But after playing it for a few hours with 2 friends, I really don't think this lives up to the dream.The Engineer and the Captain seem to have no interesting choices to make: repair what you have points for, and travel whenever the store is low on cards. The Chef is a frustrating slog; you keep cycling through your hand until you happen to get the exact right 4 cards you need.In contrast to the rest, the Scientist seems pretty solid. The choice of which card to research or scout is an interesting one, and he interacts heavily with the rest of the team. In contrast, every other member of the team works in relative isolation.I was VERY surprised and disappointed that co-op turns CANNOT BE TAKEN SIMULTANEOUSLY. I know this is common in board games, but it is RARE in co-op video games, and for good reason. Heck, even the XCOM:TBG has (partially) simultaneous play.Some of this could be fixed, in later patches. By adding more interesting cards, the devs could increase the interactivity between players. But no patch is gonna fix the non-simultaneous-play problem."
,Recommended,397390,32864386,Posted: 27 June,all,DannyTurtle,"A really unique strategy game that gets hectic, you need some luck but it's a fun time."
76561198100835330,Recommended,397390,19257523,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,spleenshark,"Pretty polished even on the first day of Early Access, Space Food Truck is the game I didn't realise I wanted. Wonderful theme and colourful styling aside, the mechanics force difficult decisions early on and there's a real sense of achievement and development as you equip your crew and hunt down elusive ingredients. Great board game with screaming friends, great puzzle game solo. Don't be overwhelmed by the constant minor disasters- the trick is in deciding how much damage to accept, not avoiding it altogether."
,Recommended,397390,19324318,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,JeanH13,"This is a wickedly fun game and theme. The best way to describe it is probably as a multiplayer Diner Dash game with a space exploration theme. The game does a really great job of emulating a board game experience, as well. I heartily recommend this game for the board game crowd, and the cooperative multiplayer crowd.*As of December 14, 2015 early access play*Difficulty has been drastically changed with a recent patch, and is now a lot easier to win. A ton of deck control/management options have been added to the game, making all notes from my November review below obsolete.The developers have been showing a lot of updates and patches so far based on the forum discussions, which is always a great sign for early access games. The difficulty of the game feels a little like Castle Panic (an easy to win board game) at the moment. I am hopeful that this will get improved with multiple difficulty options upon final release (I enjoy an intense, but winnable  cooperative game)*As of November 27, 2015  early access play* [OBSOLETE]Abandon all hope at the door. This game is sadistic with the difficulty. So far, I've done 10+ matches as a 2-player game. All have been horrible failures to the point where we consider it a ""win"" if we can even get 1/3 of the cooking quests completed. The game has great potential, but a game should at least have a 50% win probability (such as Resident Evil: Deck Building game or Pandemic). Right now, the win probably is likely closer to 5%.The game describes itself as a deck-builder, which it is for the first 25-30 minutes. After that, it loses the critical feature that allows deck-building games to work: deck control. There aren't enough ways to destroy (permanently remove) cards from your character's role deck. On top of this, you are forced to always draw 1 card from the deck shop (Zmart), further diluting your deck if your only option is ""Last Resort"". Even further, the game has vermin cards (Vexyl) that pollute your deck and weaken your purchasing power, making it harder to purchase cards other than Last Resort. Your deck quickly becomes filled with trash cards, and you can now longer get the critical cards you need to play on your turn (eg repair/Trusty Wrench).You have what feels like a 80% chance of a bad event occuring every player turn. Shields down? Pray that the deck gods give your Engineer a Trusty Wrench card to repair them, otherwise you'll be facing death from either Life Support failure, Asteroids, the Chef's Dancing, the Captain's Bad Dreams, Planet Invasions, and other events just by sitting at the planet while waiting for the Engineer to hopefully draw it on their next turn. If your Captain jumps ship to dodge Planet Invasions, then there's a chance to get attacked by Pirates, have the Scientist's Accident, or if you're lucky, find a Handyman to repair the shields (really small odds with this one). Every single game we've played has been lost to Short Circuited (wipes out ALL your shields), followed by a barrage of destructive events while we wait for the damn Trusty Wrench (repair card) to show up."
,Recommended,397390,22099437,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Soribus,"Only played a few times it already is a lot of fun to play with friends and strangers.Every role ist special and different to play but not that complex, that you dont know what to do.You can teach the game in minutes, but mastering it is a different task. It doesnt matter if you win all the time.We had a blast the few times we were loosing and definetly knew what we did wrong, so we can try better next time.Full recommendation for boardgameplayer."
76561197997255318,Not Recommended,397390,22121368,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Banarok Lionrage,"in it's current state i can't recommend it, while the theme of the game is awesome several issues make it almost frustrating to play.number one is that the game freeze not too uncommonly while it might not happen to you personally that often if it happens to any of the people you play with you have to rehost, nothing will be lost but is darn annoying.there is no lobby system and you simply get tossed into a game, and while that might be fine in the sense of reducing clicks it's awful in the sense that people that want to play specific roles jump in and out of your game 20 times because they can't get their role in this game and want to find another but they keep getting tossed into yours.Also from a deck-building game perspective the card ammount is too low to have proper diversity, so the game have very little longlevity."
,Recommended,397390,19279080,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Flankus,"Fantastic fun. I liked the learning curve and the way that the second playthrough was so much deeper than the first. Bad luck can really mess up a run quickly, but a good card can save your♥♥♥♥♥ Not many games have sucked up 3 hours of my life on their first playthrough, and I have a feeling I'll be back later tonight. Good, crisp, fun graphics and sound - a well designed delight. Good job devs."
76561198184072009,Recommended,397390,22649373,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,bulldog69c,"Last order... This run was tough. The Cap's locked up, at least at the helm... Not that it matters, we didn't move for turns now. Xanus again... This is the 3rd planet in a row. I think they came after us...Well, we got all of the ingredients. In the kitchen (obv), while the rest of us partying in the workshop... Locked up. (It's a good team, no dramas... It's a good team...)I dunno about other RNG made SFTs, but ours has a thing about broken (perfectly timed, fuuuu...nny) doors. I think it's a design flaw, but I'm not an engi (he's always mumbling about some kind of an engine failure thingy)...Luckily a biggie hit us and we crashed on the 3rd order's planet. Well done. At least Xanus couldn't eat us.You think that was escalated quickly? That's how life goes here...But you know,the next run will be better....better... The next run will be better... The next run will be better... The next run will be better... The...Finally there's a lobby feature - I like that. The game's almost perfect (still not the vexys are the only bugs in the game... :P ) - more players needed for online runs (maybe a price drop could solve this problem?).Long Distance Dragon Slayer unlocked (0,2% could say that :) ) - I felt this was a bigger accomplishment then getting my masters degree... :DLOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,397390,33099105,Posted: 1 July,all,Sterph,"It has its quirks but overall this is one of my favorite online co-op games. It is an intense game that can be played casually. It saves your progress after every turn so it is fun to eat dinner and unwind to after work. Like most strategy games, it takes some time to get in the groove and you die a lot. Then, you start to get in a pattern and it becomes addicting. I like the art style and graphics, sounds are OK and easily adjusted, and the game itself typically freezes and dies and has to be restarted nearly once per game- it's pretty simple to restart so it's only a minor annoyance. Would definitely reccomend for couples and friends!"
76561198067456246,Recommended,397390,19256699,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,jkd,"Initial impressions:It's a deckbuilding game, I like it so far.  The theme and presentation are even better when you're playing the game instead of just watching the trailer.  It's confusing at first to figure out what cards you want, and the randomness might make it take awhile to find the first two ingredients for the first of three recipes.  Personally I'm just exploring the map until I'm more used to everything.  It looks like the randomness and the sudden events that can really screw you if you're not over-prepared will give this lots of replay, if you want another unique card game I can recommend it.The different characters are pretty fun.  You need to travel each turn to restock the shop, but other than that I'm building up my captain's wealth to buy high price stuff.  Same with the chef, except I'm making the chef my highest priority character and using him to filter everyone's decks.  I have the scientist and engineer ignoring wealth and focusing on using as many actions/""power"" per turn as possible.  And it's not the end of the world if as a result they end up having to take a ""last resort"" card every now and then.  The scientist is fun because you can choose between rushing for as many power cards as possible, or using ""foresight"" to get the cards you want in the long-run; and you have to adapt based on which character needs new cards first.  And if things go badly for your engineer, the ship falls apart into pieces.  Having your engineer locked out of the engine room can be awkward sometimes...On the downside, there were no rooms when I searched for multiplayer.Thank you for the Linux version!"
76561198262200366,Recommended,397390,20409657,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MightyJack,"I haven't managed to deliver all three meals yet, but I've been enjoying this game enough to keep trying to!  Except for the times where the cards and random events line up horribly and the ship is quickly destroyed.  But that's pretty rare.  The artwork, music, sound effects and humor in this game keep me coming back for more."
,Recommended,397390,19291139,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dudewonder,"Space Foot Truck is a very well crafted deck building game. As a MTG fan, I was really drawn to this title as so should you. The first hour playing might seem a bit slow or boring but once you get to understand the concepts a bit better, you really get to appreciate all of the effort put into the gameplay. You really have to think about what will go well in each of the characters deck and how to manage it so that luck plays the smaller part in it. It's the basics of any deck building game.You have to balance card power, card worth and utility in order for your deck to grow properly or you'll get stuck with crappy cards which will really hurt you once the events start getting harder to deal with.10 hours in and I've yet to deliver all 3 recipies although very close. It's the kind of game that could be expanded on very easily by adding new cards, events and objectives. 20$ is slightly overpriced for the current amount of content but I'm sure once the game is done, this will offer at least 20 hours of gameplay. That'll give it the 1$/h of entertainment which I deem is the norm nowadays.There are certainly some frustrating parts of the game like when your shields completely drain on one turn, an expiring crisis hits you for 1 damage and on the next turn you get hit by an asteroid for 2 damage killing you in 2 turns (I had 3 life remaining and full shields) just purely based on luck. The randomness adds to the replayability and fun (sorta) but I feel like that aspect needs a bit of polishing. I feel winning because you made the right decisions rather than winning because you have all of your delivery points close by and didn't get many harsh events would be better. I guess the developpers might have wanted to be a bit like FTL (lotta randomness) . Once the game has more scenarios (I'm assuming that's the goal), I guess this might improve.All in all, in the current state, as a pre-release game, I would give this a 9/10 and a must for any deck building fans."
,Recommended,397390,19331037,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WadeStar,"April 24, 2016Full disclosure, I have not played the game since last year but in that time I think a lot of things that were problems have been addressed. So with the assumption that the balancing has been tweaked, I'm going with a recommendation. This game is fundamentally fun. And the continual response of the developer to raised issues makes me feel secure that this game is easily better than before.Nov 28, 2015As it stands this game is WAY too hard. And it's not hard in a good way. Like many rogue-likes, it falls victim to arbitrary RNG. The game is really quite fun, but I have gotten to the doorstep of victory twice now and just can't win because it's one crippling event after another. And that's only when I'm lucky enough to take no hull damage early on. More and more near the end-game you'll find yourself wishing you could keep at least one card in your hand to carry over, but the game doesn't allow this. It's a brand new hand each round. Also, your ability to thin out your deck can't keep pace with how quickly it bloats beyond effectiveness. That's not necessarily a bad thing--it enforces a sort of time limit and incentivizes you to move quickly. But in tandem with the progressively brutal random events and your inability to do any sort of round-to-round hand management, the game basically takes control away from you and you're left sitting there watching the RNG hoping eventually you might have a choice to make. You feel less and less in control of your strategy or your ability to even act. Again, late game is complete chaos. This game desperately needs some kind of mechanic to make it more like a traditional table-top deck-building games. Seriously, these problems have been solved. There's no excuse for a game like this not to be aware of successful inovations in the genre.Dominioncame out like over 10 years ago, and deck-builders have progressed beyond these punishing mechanics long since.Well, it's early access, so I'm hopeful they'll fix it without simply dumbing down the difficulty of the random events. I want a challenge, just not a nigh-impossible luck based one."
,Recommended,397390,22144420,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ChasaB,"This game is hard, after over ten hours of playing we managed to beat the game once, on medium. This game has some sync issues, and there does not appear to be a ton of variety, resulting in no real need to keep playing after you win once, which is not great for a rogue like game. Overall it's  a solid $15 purchase for about ten hours worth of sorta deck building."
,Recommended,397390,22365923,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Ye Ole Popoff,"Read through some of the negative reviews and realized that 99% of them are people looking for an easy, ""please hold my hand"", ""I don't know how to deck build"" kids. This game is insanely fun and exciting while also being surprisingly relaxing.There are 4 roles, The Captain, The Chef, The Scientist and The Engineer. Contrary to really any of the negative reviews, all the classes work very well with each other and the game is not overwhelming.The Captain's main job is to move the ship and refill the ZapMart. You should expect to move the ship each turn you can, as keeping the ZapMart full and stocked is important to getting utility cards and food cards. Use your investigation cards to plot a safe route and save some events for emergancies i.e. don't travel to Handy Man planets if you have full shields!!! Another thing to remember is that while that's your main job you have a secondary ""ghost"" job which is to oversee the ship. Consider putting 3-4 Diplobots on the Captian to keep the ""Crisis"" events in check and not get out of hand.The Chef is reasonable for cooking the meals! You need to collect whatever ingredients are needed for the 3 meals. You have to cook each meal in order but you don't have to turn in any of them to continue, in fact you can cook all three and then drop them off. In the beginning, you should grab all the ingredients on the Chef, later after you get your Free Samples and Discard Dives you can afford to have others grab food that you can take later. There is a second job that is probably almost as important as the cooking and thats burning cards. Consider having the Scientist research Flambe's earlier and grab Gamma Toasters and Burnilizers whenever you can. It makes it easy to have the Chef burn all trash and grab more trash from others. THIS IS LITERALLY THE WAY YOU KEEP DECKS SMALL. Anyone who complains about the decks getting to ""big"" obviously doesn't know how to play the Chef.The Scientist on top of being one of my favorite roles, is important to unlocking more cards for other roles. It seems simple and for all reasoning it is, but its also sort of a guessing game. You start off with one ""node"" unlocked in each role and for every node unlocked the cost goes up. In the beginning you should be pumping AS MUCH power as possible in to the uncovering skill card so you can see all the nodes (this is important since they are in a random order each time). You should try to get the Chef's Flambes, Engineer's Wrenches and Duct Tapes and The Scientist's Breakthroughs and Mimic Cubes. On that point... The Mimic Cubes are AWESOME! They allow you to make a temporary copy of any card in anyone elses hand non-job related. This as allowed me to Mimic a Powerr Glove to draw two, to get a Claw to grab A Claw Of Duty from discard, to get another Mimic Cube to Mimic an Exchangetron and push him over 20 power and 15 worth in one turn... It's just crazy. It reminds a whole helluva lot of playing a simple Blue Mage from MTG. In fact, I'd surprised if the guy that worked on The Scientist wasn't a Blue Mage player :PThe Engineer is one of the most crucial jobs and yet kinda boring. It's not a bad boring, just wish he had something else to do. He really only has one job and thats to repair stuff... which breaks, a lot. You have Wrenches, Duct Tapes, Upgrade Ship and Exterminator cards. The first two give you repair points to fix shields, broken lab equipment and busted doors. The Upgrade ship allows you to iincrease the max shields and FTL drive by one point in one or the other. This becomes a relatively useless card late game when they are both maxed out and you can even burn them at that point to save space. The exterminator card allows you destroy Vexels, which are cards that get added to players decks (through a random turn event) and while they are in your hand they only give -1 Worth. 2-4 of them isn't a huge deal, but anymore then that and your average worth starts to decline and they just become annoying. The Exterminator card (theres only one) can only be gotten from the Scientist, so grab it fairly early to mid game to keep ahead of the Vexels. Other then that, make sure you put AT LEAST 4 Claws Of Duty on the engineer, as not having a Wrench or Duct Tape on a round that had a lot of damage or breakage can be quite bad and possibly make you lose.All in all, this game is super fun, can be relaxing and forces you to work AROUND the RNGesus not against him! This game can be hard and yeah, sometimes you're going to get Life Support breakage, Xanus attacking, Shields deplete or pay 4 power (which you probably won't have on that guy) and Cyber Punk all in the same round. It will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and you may lose, but just try again! I love what's in the game so far and can't wait to see what DLC they add! More cards? More Roles? Maybe Themed Galaxies with corresponding events? All that and more please!Either way, this is worth $20 and if you still are ""sold"" then wait till a sale. If this game goes to $10 and you don't get it then you never wanted it in the first place!9/10 - The Engineer could use more fluff.-YeOlePopoff"
76561198212861175,Recommended,397390,22507566,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Daithri,"Excellent game. Everyone complains about the RNG deaths, I personally found it rather easy once you figured out a valid strategy. I'm looking forward to the Dragon Hot difficulty, and any other extra gameplay you might be developping.One useful fix would be to cleanup the procedurally-generated world. The crossing paths, and paths passing above a node without stopping there, are really confusing."
,Recommended,397390,22617294,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Harzvik,"Once you get in to it, it's a really fun game! Gather up 3 friends and play as one team in this incredibly hard game! Totally recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,397390,22243177,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,perennialsorc,"I would really like to recommend this game, being a huge fan of coop board and card games in general. The asymmetric roles and decks keep everything interesting, game after game. The game mechanics are pretty intuitive and very thematic. The digitization helps with all of the countdowns that would be so difficult to keep track of in tabletop form. The RNG doesn't bother me and its use actually makes sense to me in this context - this is a card game at heart, and events should resemble pulling a random card off the top of the deck. I have played physical games with mechanics similar to this (Pandemic, Eldritch Horror) and know that Bad Stuff happens on a regular basis. This type of game is NOT supposed to be easy, and it's not for everyone. This is for the type of person who can enjoy a game without beating it, but who can also get a great sense of accomplisment on that rare, skin-of-your-teeth win.All that being said, I can't recommend this game in its current form. Not because of the game rules or any balance issues (all roles are critical to your game's success), but because of the Vexyls in the programming. Hall passes randomly cannot be cancelled, the game stops responding entirely after the Chef plays any of their role cards every once in a while, the Next Phase button sometimes decides to shift a little to the left to sit right under the trash pod and become unclickable... the list goes on. While playing online with 3 friends, we had to leave our session and be reinvited by our host no less than 20 times in a single game, so the current player could try to get their deck to work properly. It is nice that we didn't lose much progress, but this shouldn't be happening in a game that we as a group spent $80 for."
,Not Recommended,397390,31684365,Posted: 11 May,all,Nick Shogun,"I don't recommend this game in its current state. The RNG is unforgiving, even on easy mode. Each character's turn suffers a new RNG event and these events can build up into cataclysmic affairs should you and your coworkers receive a series of bad hands. I think it would be better if all four characters' turns were counted as a single round with just one RNG event, as that would be easier to bounce back from. Otherwise, offering the option to adjust the level of RNG events in the game would be a welcome addition to the menu. However, until this issue is resolved, I don't think a new player would derive much enjoyment from this game."
,Recommended,397390,22088044,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Kablooadoo,"Very fun game to play with friends or strangers, locally and online. Others have mentioned that the game is overly difficult, but most situations can be handled with just a small amount of risk management. Me and my roommates were up until 3am last night cooking food and trying not to die. Highly recommended"
76561197994408157,Recommended,397390,21737429,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DrFetid,An enjoyable mix of cooking and boardgames.
,Recommended,397390,22120709,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dragon Dai (Uey),"Great stategy game that is WAY better with friends (if for not other reason that it's more fun when there are other people to blame when everything goes wrong). Not NEARLY as hard or as RNG-based as a lot of people seem to think, but it DOES require a good bit of strategy if you want to do will without RNGesus' blessing. Basically, if you like deck builders, this is a game you should buy. If you have friends who also like deck builders, you should ALL buy this game ASAP. You'll have a great time."
76561198017338340,Recommended,397390,19274053,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Maazer,"Turn 57:  Still have not reached the first destination. Have created every food I could. All doors locked, miraculously brought my shield to max and ready to make a jump.Turn 58: Fall into electricity and all my shields deplete. GAME OVER.Game is 10/10.9/10, you begin with some sort of penalty. FTL in a food truck.1/10, I cry in the corner because the game is amazing and I will never win.EDIT: This game is way too hard... impossible to win. You can do great up until the very last turn, then have all sheilds deplete and an astroid take you out."
,Recommended,397390,22606976,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Starfallen,"First game,Spent 40 rounds fighting against RNG to save my Dominos Truck. Truck exploded. Customer gave a bad review on Yap.My career is gone."
76561198008153552,Not Recommended,397390,22475096,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,That's not a Knife!,constantly drops a player then that player cant rejoin
,Not Recommended,397390,33249036,Posted: 4 July,all,Kidbrainer,"Game is loads of fun and challenging!However, every time i play with friends, the game desync's big time- rendering the game hard to play or unplayable.During one of our last playthroughs, everyone desync'd and dropped out of the game (because we were unable to resync the game on time) except for one person (so it resulted in all of us backseat driving off of one computer, abandoning all of our shots at getting achievements unlocked, etc).We have attempted to complete a game a handful of times and each one included at least a dozen or so relaunches per person as an attempt to resync the game with everyone else (during the asycnchronized game mode, since regular game mode did not permit us enough time to perform a resync attempt). This resulted in improper readings on shields, crisis countdowns and more. It was a nightmare! We are still determined to complete a match, but are still facing the same desync issues.I have only had one match where the desync did not occur.Overall, the game is loads of fun and worth a shot if you only plan on playing single player. Things are pretty unstable and I would not recommend this to anyone looking to play this with friends (which is the reason why I purchased this game).Will update my review once this major bug is fixed.UPDATE: Now each player is getting a DIFFERENT crisis on their screen due to the sync bug. GG."
,Not Recommended,397390,22280737,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Crazy Klino,"This game has the worst community I have ever witnessed, and it is impossible to find three rude players to join you to begin with.  They make League of Legends players seem friendly in comparison.  Unless you enjoy playing a four player deckbuilding game by yourself, I highly recommend you run away from this game as fast as you can.  A huge waste of money.  I would have to be paid what this game costs per hour to play this game any more."
,Recommended,397390,23316647,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Croooow111,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is brutal.
76561197994956029,Not Recommended,397390,24252360,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rolkhar,"Not recommended at the current price. Replayability, at least for me, is very low. After 8 hours clocked on this game, I don't feel there's anything more to it. If it's on sale, it may be worth a purchase, the full price is too much in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,397390,22352371,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Aaron_PK,"Great game if you like card games, strategy and cooperation. The issue with it is that it's less about getting good cards and more about getting rid of bad cards. The game is too random and often you lose not because of your stupidity but because of bad luck. I like deck buliding games, but this one is more about removing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cards from your deck than anything. While the visuals and gameplay are good, the whole leftovers mechanic is painfully lazy and broken. I love the game and all of the potential it has, but I can't recommend it. It just has a few gameplay mechanics that aren't fun. At least in FTL you had a chance and your decisions affected your chances. No decisions in this one, no being cautious. If the devs can fix these few unfun mechanics, i would definitely come back and recommend the game. As of now, nobody wants to play it with me because it's simply broken."
,Recommended,397390,22212617,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,charliechuckleberry,"As of April 6, 2016,The game still has some serious game breaking bugs and crash issues.  Literally 100% of my Thai Hot (hardest difficulty) games have ended in a game breaking bug that prevented me from winning at the very end.  So, extremely frustraiting that I want to throw something out the window in anger.  Here's a video of my last Thai Hot run:https://youtu.be/RAxtkw-6ysIHere's a video of the Thai Hot run before that one:https://youtu.be/UYI_acPGeToTo make things worse, I have to deal with nerds on the community forums with some attitude like ""You still haven't beat Thai Hot mode, I don't want to multiplayer with you.""  or they refuse to debate with me, because not having that achievement means you are stupid or something.Anyways, it's something like 4 out of 4 Thai Hot games have crashed/bugged out in a row.  I guess 5th time is a charm?  It's a fun game, but could be frustraiting with the plethra of bugs it comes with.  Having no ability to recover from a game crash is worse.  The developers dropped the ball on this one.==================================================================================================On April 3, 2016,I find out the maximum hand size is 8 cards.My very first ever game.  I figured out how to get 9 cards in my hand and the game crashed.  Here's the video of the unrecoverable bug (skip to about the 0:45 mark to see the bug):https://youtu.be/PIH5RY1dlfYCurrently haven't finished a single game without it crashing.  I'll start over tomorrow and see if I can finish at least one game to the end.  Do you recommend this game?  I give this game 5 stars out of 10.  I'll recommend it after they fix the bugs...Just beat the game on my first ever try on easy mode.  I had about 3hp left at the end.  There is a lot of annoying randomness, but I think this works in favor of less skilled players.  The video:https://youtu.be/lQs8SXe_6qgI also finished a 2 player online multiplayer where both players controlled two characters.  That  video:https://youtu.be/uMoz1QNNoK8"
76561198025017418,Not Recommended,397390,26651128,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mr_Oso,"a four player turn based adventure in space.  with four distinct and adorable characters. you must use your wits and smarts to navigate the galaxy and establish yourself in the Food Dilivery Service industry.so what went wrong?Buggy as all get out on release and though some what fixed, some really bad session interupting ones still are there.it's a shame this causes the lobby to be underpopulated. and not alot of people own this game so that's a one two punch to what really could be a very nice and popular game.with the likes of TB putting their weight behind it it's a damn shame that it's still in a sorry state. but dont' lose hope, they'll be releaseing cross platform play on mobile divices and with it maybe some much needed fixes, even though it's sadly late."
,Recommended,397390,31515718,Posted: 2 May,all,Edrane,Play Jon Favreau as an Alien.Chef Fun.
76561197974883007,Recommended,397390,27500256,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crythorn,Stupidly fun & Frustraiting at the same time.Play with your friends for max fun!
76561197989580996,Recommended,397390,22641615,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Brentnor,A challenging and fun strategy game!This is the Best Outer Space Card Game!
,Recommended,397390,33346516,Posted: 7 July,all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/E3ikr6_fBdEEven in the future, people got to eat!  There is no better way to sever that need than to set out in a space based food truck and navigate the cosmos delivering delicious dishes across the galaxy.Designed as a deck builder, this game is really more like a deck burner.  The forced purchasing of cards after every turns quickly bloats each character's deck and proper pruning is required for success.The very tight difficulty combined with a bit too much randomness can lead to some unfair feeling losses, but it's still fun to play solo or with friends."
,Recommended,397390,23014349,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: A challenging and deep deckbuilder roguelike game that is made for (but does not require) cooperative play - where you run a food truck in space.  Charming visuals, interesting gameplay, and replayability make this a must-buy for fans of deckbuilders - but the difficulty level means its not for people who aren't fans of this kind of game.Space Food Truck's title is perhaps one of the most honest you'll see - you run a Space Food Truck.  Every game your goal is to complete three recipies and deliver them before the hazards of space send you to another line of work.  Truth in advertising.Game play involves four different members of the crew - Captain, Scientist, Chef, and Engineer - having to work together to keep the ship running, cook meals, navigate to other worlds, and find new technologies.  The game can be played cooperatively online, offline, or solo depending on your inclinations.  Each person can take one or more of the roles and work to deliver meals to the stars - or one person can play them all.The core gameplay is deckbuilding.  Each character's turn starts with some random occurence (mostly hideously painful), and then they play their cards to have various effects.  At the end of the turn they purchase more cards from a resupply (chosen by the captain, who also acts as quartermaster) - and if they can't buy anything they'll have to take the dreaded Lefrovers to be added to their deck.  As player's hands run out, their cards are reshuffled and sent back to them.Obviously the goal is to get new and better cards, get rid of bad cards, and keep moving from world to world to find new supplies and unltimately craft dishes you deliver.As characters travel, various crises occur that may require expending cards, moving around the ship to solve problems, and so on.  Very careful planning ahead is necessary to avoid being overwhelmed with crises - this is where the roguelike nature comes in - the game is perfectly happy to smash your cosmic cullinary dreams.  Cooperation is paramount.The roles of each character are also unique - and they have unique ""job"" cards they have - and can be granted - to do certain tasks.Captain - Moves the ship around, choses resupply options, and gets special command abilities to move the crew and get information.  If the captain has a bad hand you can't move, and if the captain is locked out of the bridge you're really in trouble.Scientist - Unlocks new cards for the crew.  Not only are these powerful, they also prevent their hands from becoming overloaded with bad cards.  If your scientist is incapacitated, no new cards.Chef - Not only cooks the meals, but has card-manipulation abilities.  He can take cards, use cards in discard piles, and even destroy unwanted cards.  The chef is required not just to fulfill missions but keep everyone's decks in order.Engineer - Repairs and enhances the ship.  He makes sure the ship gets better and fixes what's broken on the gastronomic POS the crew is stuck on.  If the Engineer can't do his (its?) duty the ship will fall apart.The game is tight, well-planned, challenging - and when you fail (and you will) you can usually see why - which makes you want to try again.The music and visuals are excellent, with a fun, colorful, cartoony look and appropriate music.  The presentation really brings the entire experience to life, making a deep and challenging game even more fun and enjoyable.  Space Food Truck delivers the complete package.Who's this game for?* If you like Deckbuilders, it's one you'll definitely want to try.  There's a lot to explore in this game, and some clever mechanics.* If you want a team play game (each game is probably 45-90 minutes depending on how well you do) and have friends into Deckbuilders, it's a great purchase.  This would be an incredibly fun party game.The only warning I can add is that if you don't enjoy deckbuilders, this is not for you - because it *is* a deckbuilder that just happens to have team-play and some roguelike elements.  If you're not ready to ask which cards you want in your deck and calculate odds, you probably won't enjoy it.On the other hand if you read this review and went ""Yeah!"" it's probably worth your money."
76561198072745227,Recommended,397390,19472245,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,dan.leidal,"Randomizing the research before they are uncovered (either by researching an unchecked node or using the card to check them) is not necessary.  If they are randomized when they are selected rather than on game setup the game plays as intendded.  When they are set on game setup it allows the user to try and research something.. learning what it is.. then if either the game crashes or even more simply if the user exits the game before the turn is over, when the game is resumed it will still be known when it shouldn't be.  If it is random when it is researched or when it is checked then it will still be randomized properly at this point and is identical to the intended mechanic.  There is no exploit possible and the gameplay is proper."
,Recommended,397390,19428110,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TimFortress,"It is a four player Deck Building game , or you can play 4 deck all by your hand but this will a bit mind blow so play it with friends and take part each role"
76561197979352661,Not Recommended,397390,22077690,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,system1016,"Might have just been bad luck on my first attempt, but by the time it came around to my engerineer for the first time, I already had 7 points of damage to my systems, and didn't draw a repair card.  Another time around and I'd essentially lost already.  I'm not normally one to bash hard games, I enjoyed Tharsis, but it was up front about being hard, and I could see how to play with it.  It's a shame, since the game seems like it could be fun and interesting.  Might give it another shot before my refund goes through, but the basic math seems to be against the game being playable for more than a few turns.  I know my guy will get better with time at the shop... in theory, if I have anything useful in the shop to buy, and don't just get weighed down with junk cards and actually draw repair every time...  Just seems hugely stacked against.tl;drYou take 1-2 damage a turn, and can repair 0-4 damage every 4 turns.  Do the math."
76561198006726736,Not Recommended,397390,22067591,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Magna,I like deck builders and co-ops but this one isn't fun except for the theme. Assuming you can find a group or have people to play with locally it might be fun. However on each characters turn something can break but only one of the 4 characters can repair and only on the 1/4 of his turns he draws a repair card. On the easiest difficulty with luck and blessings from the rng you can get far enough to enjoy the game and learn strategies to win maybe?. Even on the easiest difficulty you could spend hours wandering around the galaxy trying to find the cards you need with random events randomly warping you and breaking your ship. Where on the normal difficulty if you dont find what you need in the first 30 mins you lose. Unless you're a fan of the genre and want to see how hard it is for yourself skip it.
76561198051961755,Not Recommended,397390,22105667,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,nitzoplax,"Bad game mechanics, stopped being fun long before it ultimately killed my crew the third game through"
,Recommended,397390,22068559,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,meStevo,"Fun game, finally something that can be picked up and played off and on like I do with Ascension."
,Recommended,397390,22092279,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,firefly212,"Fun game, but even easy mode is anything but easy... get ready to lose a bunch."
76561198254200988,Not Recommended,397390,28878438,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Meep,There are no players actually on once they get more players maybe it could have potentiall but as of now I have played the game for A while and I coulden't actually start or join A game.
,Recommended,397390,19300363,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ScarPixel,"Loving the game so far. It's tough as nails, but super engaging."
76561197970527078,Recommended,397390,23495344,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Hus,"Space Food Truck is a brutal deck building game. On my first play through, the game felt absurdly random and frustratingly difficult. Slowly I started developing a strategy and noticing tricks that enabled me to build up to hard mode and counteract the randomness. The game functions quite well as a challenging optimization problem and it's fun to get better, although on the harder modes it can still be frustratingly random.Unfortunately, I bought the game with co-op in mind and here I think it falls down badly. If you try playing with someone who doesn't yet know the strategy of the game, you're just going to lose badly. Once you know the strategy, there's not much left to do other than crank up the difficulty and try to fine tune things. The game lacks the depth for trying out various playstyles compared to something like Civilization.I'd recommend this game for solo play to people who like developing a strategy in a brutal environment. It fails as a co-op game and it has limited depth for replayability once you know what to do."
,Recommended,397390,28649880,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kas,"Funny, light-hearted humour, colourful characters, every bit of text is peppered with media references, and the antagonist is a sadistic RNG that wants to cook you alive, where your job is to collect the ingredients. Playing solo is a good game for a low-energy day, or if you have friends, a nice lazy evening of fixing crisis after crisis while burning food and duct-taping doors... open."
76561197971030623,Recommended,397390,29203022,Posted: 12 January,all,Possum,"A great deck building boardgame-like experience.  I like how as your needs evolve you are attempting to curve your deck not only to current needs, but to remain open for late game needs. However every turn you Must buy 1 card so it's hard to keep any deck lean.Each role has a very different feel. They also interact interestingly.Great either by oneself or couch co-op."
,Not Recommended,397390,30372909,Posted: 7 March,all,Blackmage,"Kind of disappointing.I thought this would be a fun group game to play, however the game's lack of balance takes alot of the entertainment value out. I'm all for a good challenge in a game, however the rounds seem to be rigged for failure regardless of difficulty level selected. With still only one possible event draw in player favor it feels like an endless kick to the shins and a grind to grab high power cards to pay off the hazard costs and still try to make forward progres. even if a player or group is of mind and strategic they're gound to spend litteral hours grinding turns for make up for one missed repair opportunity.I have played numerous games at this point and I can honestly say that this game isn't worth the cost and you won't get your money's worth in fun. After all the time this game has been out and seen continued development I just don't think it is a good game."
76561198038240488,Recommended,397390,32184630,Posted: 4 June,all,superfastemmyfish,"First i would to say i very much enjoy the game. I have played a couple hours and i have had 5 different playthrough on the easiest setting, all if which killed me. I shudder to think of anything above mild. I really love the mechanics and i love the style but its very punishing. Almost every event is a bad one, which you would think they would tone that down on easy, but nope! Damage or something breaking every single turn. I do like the game a lot but i have trouble with that aspect. I wish there was a more casual mode i could play for fun instead of being beating down run after run. I still like it though. Also please fix the card during event glitch. I experienced it many times so far and its really annoying to have to leave and come bacl. Maybe tone down the difficulty or have a ""casual mode"" for people like me who loves the mechanics but wasnt thinking id be playing food truck dead souls."
,Not Recommended,397390,33733481,Posted: 22 July,all,CrimsOne,"I see the devs' did away with the overwhelming negative reviews. Let me help correct this; this is an amazing game in theory. The mechanics are fun and immersive, albeit the rng is brutal sometimes, it's a fantastic game. Or it could have been but most people who play this will never know why the multiplayer servers are empty and why sync games will never see an end, this is because when the game first launched into early access it was riddled with game breaking bugs, some that are still in the game. Look I love this game, but no matter how much I love it I cannot forgive these bugs that after nearly a year are still causing the game to crash. The devs' have seemed to either not listen to the complaints of bugs or have moved on but I would roccomend that to anyone who sees this review to save your money. If you want to get it get on sale for under $5, good luck finding anyone to play with."
76561198066932779,Recommended,397390,34583286,Posted: 29 August,all,[OWND] MyBalls,Rock soild and fun deck managment game. Best played with friends for complete chaos....Don´t forget to pray to RNGesus before playing.
76561198027148010,Recommended,397390,34873158,Posted: 10 September,all,larwin41,This game is challenging and fun. I can see myself playing it even after i master it. I left it running cause I like the music for a couple days. this game is hard to put down.
