user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,397950,32659109,Posted: 22 June,all,Moon,"Working as a delivery truck guy, I can confirm that this is pretty much why your packages always arrive late and damaged. Lesson of this story: Next time, order your stuff with Premium Shipping."
76561198038453139,Recommended,397950,28553337,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Attila The Fun,I'm a pro genji now
,Recommended,397950,26106494,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,The Undeleted,"You can finally play as the guy jumping car-to-car you saw in your head on long trips as a kid. With explosions, lasers, and physics."
,Recommended,397950,25800145,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Skilerper,"Fun as hellBut sadly the leaderboards are filled with hackers (and no, abilities ain't gonna make you complete a map in 00:00 secons)"
76561197962948833,Recommended,397950,27923305,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Propper Engrish,this is the type of game i dreamed of making as a small child. it invokes that feeling when your looking out a car window imagining mario jumping from fence to fence as your drive by the landscape. its just so good and raw and pure and classic but at the same time nothing really tried to it anywhere near like this before. the musics great. the controlls feel wonderfull. this game is amazing.
,Recommended,397950,29279139,Posted: 15 January,all,King of Kush George Bush,there are trucks
,Recommended,397950,25765852,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Survii Gecko,An interesting game about the migrant crisis in Calais
,Recommended,397950,26461391,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gordon Zola ♪,"Clustertruck.Simple game in all the plan.According to graphics, it's simple, linear.No story on this game, you don't know at all who you are, what you're doing here and why you're doing this.OST is some kind of electronic music, really speed, like the gamplay.The gameplay is simple. Jump!As a standart platformer, you cant fall, and this is the tricky part, you have to jump from truck to truck, which are rollin', and by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ driver.You have to take care of the physics of the game, inertia, speed of the trucks and obviously to all the traps the game is full of.Smooth gameplay,Maybe a bit expensive!"
,Recommended,397950,25775868,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Rood Boi,"This may be my favorite ""rage"" game ever. The controls are crazy responsive, everything feels smooth, and finishing a level just feels so rewarding! I've played many games like this before and usually I start feeling frustrated or irritated, and mostly it's because the game just tries to be ridiculously impossible. But when you fail here, it feels like only you're to blame, and it feels like more of a challenge to beat it rather than frustration. This game also offers incredible replayibility, since there are 100 levels. And the more you play, the more abilities you unlock, which makes it even more enjoyable going back and replaying previous levels. Definitely worth buying!https://youtu.be/wyVRU7GgmfcIf you want to see what the game is like before buying though, feel free to check out my video of it!"
,Recommended,397950,32661537,Posted: 22 June,all,CamSandwich,"Worth the cost if it's on sale, the game is fun to pick and and mess with, especially when gathered around with other people."
76561198007815897,Recommended,397950,30017359,Posted: 18 February,all,Sandpaper-Pants,"Nonstop action,No time to think,Hesitate for a fraction,And you're in the drink,Eyes wide adrenalin,Mouse shaking in hand,Jittery keyboard fingers,Where you gonna land?Riding a highwayOn the back of a truckIs anyone driving,This cluster truck?"
,Recommended,397950,25814050,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Just beat ""Clustertruck"". What an absolutely phenomenal game. I have been following it's development since alpha when it was called ""Super Highway Fight Squad"" (glad they changed the name, isn't as catchy lol). For a game that is relatively simplistic in design, run on trucks don't touch the floor, it is INCREDIBLY polished. The soundtrack is full of great peppy synth and rock ballads, the graphics are smooth and pleasant, the controls are tight, and there are a ton of levels. 80 in fact. Oh, and there is an extremely robust level creator which I am very excited to see the user created content for in the Steam workshop. If you are looking for a fun, challenging, and bonkers game look no further thanCLUSTERTRUCKEDIT:  Oh, and use abilities as little as possible.  The game is much more fun and challenging without them."
,Recommended,397950,32662554,Posted: 22 June,all,Not Felix,"Insanely fun and super addictive!Here are some things to rememeber though- It's not a game you can sit down and play for hours on end, it will get boring at some point but if you have short stretches of time for say, 10-30 minutes, this is the perfect game- It is definetly not worth the original $15 price, I purchased the game during the Summer Sale 2017 for $4.94 (plus tax) and I think that's the perfect price for a newish game with limited story but great, interactive, and relaxing gameplay"
,Recommended,397950,25740574,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Fiyah,"No real trucks were harmed in playing this game.But srsly though, I recommend this game because:- The game is easy at first, but once you get further, it gets challenging, yet still fun to beat.- Amazing level design and graphics.- The music is the best. (Especially the laser world, which I personally like.)- Different abilities to modify your truck-jumping experience.- Workshop support. Create your own custom maps.A game this good also has some cons:- Somewhat short of a game. Needs more levels.- Some few overlooked bugs present.I played the alpha version of this game before and I commend the devs for this fantastic game. I rate this game 9/10. Buy it, you'll like it!"
,Recommended,397950,29253265,Posted: 14 January,all,~SadisticKitten~,"I have just finished my first playthrough blind and pure(no abilities)... This game taught me...How to be rubbish at parkourI am the worst gamerPizza is the best comfort foodI hate lasersI don't do well underpressureI have no patience and I don't know how to control my tempter""I'm not allowed powers"" is not a valid reason for refundsMain ReviewThis is basically the floor is lava. You jump from truck to truck to reach the end goal. However, its not so simple! Terrible drivers, lasers, rockets, and many more obastacles try to stop your progress along the way! You earn style points and is the currency to buy ability points to make the game easier/interesting such as slow motion or double jump.So, I played this in the beta or alpha... I had a blast and patiently waited for its release! Bought it out sale and I don't regret buying this game.The level design is fantastic! There is also steam workshop so you can get creative with level creator! The game is short if you are just playing and unlocking abilities (aroud 4-5 hours I'd say.)Online leader boards mean you can compete with the world or your friends to try and get the best score/speed. SO much replay value in this game!Honestly, they took a basic concept and made it into a great game. I highly recommend you buy it or at least wait for a sale! 8/10"
,Recommended,397950,25825807,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,orbiter,"When threatened by their surroundings, wild trucks huddle into packs of 2 or 3 for protection."
76561198080163895,Recommended,397950,25730886,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DoomRaptor,"So after 2 hours of playing the campaign - 100 levels. It was alot of fun.Pros:- Challenging and Addicting.- Insane structured levels, ESPECIALLY THE SCI FI - World 7- Perks and abilities (Speed trucks/ slow down time)- Amazing boss battle- Decent Graphics, at least it not for beefy computers.- Workshop/Editor where you can make your own custom levels- Gravity and other obstacles fly in your way and can change the pace of the game, quickly!Cons:-Too short campaign for a $15 game. Can be finished in 2-3 hours. Need more better levels and bosses :O-Only Three modes. Campaign and Custom Maps/Editor. Besides leaderboards, there's technically no multiplayer mode.-Workshop levels don't look that good, the community needs time to develop more amazing levels.-A few bugs, such as you cant view all the achievements from shift-tab or the game not starting up.In conclusion, the game deserves a solid 8/10. The Devs did a good job on making a game extrememly fun, but the fun lasts short. More levels are needed and needs more modes for a $15 game. I do recommend getting this game but it would feel more worth it if it was on a sale. I got it during the pre-purchase sale."
76561197999498546,Recommended,397950,27883346,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SirTubesALot,"Imagine Super Mario. But without Mario and without blocks.There are Trucks, and the trucks are moving, and they’re on fire and exploding while crashing or falling down into the abyss while they’re exploding even more!You need to jump from Truck to Truck, avoid the obstacles and reach the finish line.That’s pretty much all. But it’s so much fun! Also with the time you can unlock abilities, like a double jump, air dash or slow down the time for example.There are high score lists to compare your time against your friends or the rest of the world. If you saw the trailer and think “looks kinda cool” I absolutely recommend you to try this game!"
76561198053374920,Recommended,397950,25808312,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ImAGeekNotANerd,1) play game2) realise you should take a break because your hand is cramped and your eyes are burning3) keep playing10/10 would injure my wrist again
,Recommended,397950,32974145,Posted: 28 June,all,Voltix,"Overall, this game isprettygood. There are a few flaws that I'll point out.Price; Too expensive for too little gameplayRarely UpdatedFinal boss is annoying as hellAchievement ""Pure"" puts you through hellAchievement ""Leader of the Pack"" requires a friend of yours having the game, or you friending someone random. Since this game is a small game, it's almost impossible to get this achievementGraphics are good, but are too intensive, even though every option is adjustable""Shadows distance"" takes affect atreallysmall numbers.Level 9:8 is one of the most annoying levels in the game, besides 9:10.Well thats about it. Otherwise, this game is pretty good. Fun gameplay, most of the time, with the perfect balance of rage and pain."
,Recommended,397950,25780943,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lapis,"Yeah, for those of you that want to know what this game is all aboutIt's like this y'allThis is ten percent luck, twenty percent skillFifty percent concentrated power of willFive percent pleasure, fifteen percent painAnd a hundred percent reason to go play this game"
,Recommended,397950,25804598,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,The Wal-Mart drivers training course is insane
,Recommended,397950,26098404,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,GhostkingG1,"One of the best level-based platformers in awhile.Pros:-Hilarious. As soon as you turn on this game you're left laughing at how stupid these truck drivers are, and it only gets better when you see the waterfalls of trucks (truckerfalls?)-Really fast pacing; even when you fail you restart immediately and the levels are fast and fun to try to get good times on. It's clear this game was created for those who like to do speedruns, as IIRC one of the game testers also did speedruns of it on his youtube channel-Very creative level design as the game goes on, leading to ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm a God"" moments when you succeed-Challenging, but mostly fair-Creative powerups that are fun to tinker with-User-created levels add tons of replayabilityCons:-It's not quite 100% clear where your feet are. Sometimes (level 9-2 comes to mind) it's not the easiest to know where I am going to land after a jump.-Because of the speed, turning is not the easiest to figure out and sometimes you fail because you aren't sure where you're going to land until it's too late-Some levels either require specific power-ups or absolutely Ninja like movement to beat (In World 7 I had to jump from a falling truck to another falling truck to beat it without a powerup, and that boiled down to good RNG)-Music is okay, but nothing spectacularAbsolutely worth 15$. Most faults are minor or made up for by the rest of this fun, silly platformer."
76561198167207237,Recommended,397950,25851450,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nibba,i like trucks
,Recommended,397950,29407897,Posted: 21 January,all,Jean Chretien,"Clustertruck is an addictive game that invloves running and jumping over speeding trucks and many other obstacles to get to the finish line or ""Goal"" as it is called in the game. The difficulty progresses nicely and smoothly from ""Hey this is pretty easy"" to ""Jesus Christ! Oh, the insanity!"" Even most of the really difficult levels can still be pretty enjoyable and fun. There are different worlds (desert, snow, steampunk, hell... etc.) that each contain 10 levels. There are leaderboards for best times which is personally my favorite feature. I have spent the majority of time playing this game just to beat my friends best times. I have now beaten the game and have gotten all of the achievements for it but there is not much replay value other than trying to get a better time on the leaderboards.  I recommend this game, it's very fun and can be very competitive if you have friends who play for best times."
,Recommended,397950,31634991,Posted: 8 May,all,Hektor Hernández,Took me 4 hours to beat. One entire hour being spent solely on the last level.I'm literally shaking right now from the adrenaline and excitement. I'm dead serious.One of the best and most unique 3D platformers i've ever played. Goddamn.
,Recommended,397950,25730241,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Binoculars,"After playing over 50 hours in the alpha release and beating all the levels within 10 minutes(I think that was my best)This game is what it was it was played out to be, The abilities finally work and I have to say I am really impressed. The movement is a little different than what I am used to but I really enjoy it so far.Really worth the buy and the wait time for this game.Edit: WordsEdit #2: Alpha screenshot since someone added me calling me out:http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/258218355757618484/8FA56CBE8AB1417F7667117810C0C614647CB08A/"
,Not Recommended,397950,25840196,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,CharnelToad,"Really fun game, but a bit sparse on the content for the price.  Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,397950,25873976,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Rubba,"I trucking love this game.Its casual, its fun, it has a great soundtrack, and most of all... it is trucking great.The basis of the game is to get to a certain goal point on the path the trucks are heading. there is many world sets of 10 levels each with their own theme whether it be ice, laser or even medival themed. Each section has there own unique hazards and seems very well put together. There are also abilities and utilities to help you pass levels easier and faster that you unlock with your ingame score. The game is so well put that I find myself taking a harder route to get a faster time and constantly retrying even though I havent even won the level with an easier route. It has me immersed into its toonish feel and gives me a laugh when I randomly hit a truck just right and go flying into the stratosphere.8.5/10 would trucking recommend"
76561198128490208,Recommended,397950,25844251,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,LampDoesVideoGameonYT,"This game is super fun, but FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, FIX WHATEVER IS MAKING PEOPLE BEAT THE GAME WITH NO TIME.Or ban the damn cheaters, because it makes me not even want to try to get a good time, which is the entire point of the game."
,Recommended,397950,33006143,Posted: 29 June,all,RedSteel,Such a fun game. Definetly pick it up when it is on sale! :D
,Recommended,397950,34071785,Posted: 6 August,all,Lychee,"This game really is something. It has amazing graphics that don't require a beefed up computer to display. It is essentially a platformer. You control a person that is tasked with the job of jumping from truck to truck until the magic teleportation wall appears that has ""GOAL"" plastered on it. Many fun abilities to be unlocked that adapt to whatever playstyle you choose. Many interesting places to hop on trucks in, such as a desert, a jungle, and a damn laser world. Make and play your own custom maps as well with the in-game editor."
,Recommended,397950,25769926,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mrtayylmao,Dont drink and drive
,Recommended,397950,28536801,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SkyLegendary,"TL;DR: Even at full price, this game is worth it and gives you incredible levels that make you feel like a god, awesome powerups, diverse worlds, a level editor, and frequent seasonal updates.What I've learned from this game is I am a badass. Everything in this game, from the music to the obstacles to the damn cool powerups makes you feel like you earned whatever you've accomplished. Although some worlds are challenging (♥♥♥♥ YOU STEAMPUNK WORLD), all of them are diverse with each world taking on a completely different theme from the last, and introduce some new aspect to the game, like no-gravity sections, or jump pads, or giant boulders. I also don't know what it is about this game, but I always feel encouraged to try to beat my friends in the levels, though I believe the game still suffers from hackers breaking the global scoreboard. The visuals aren't outstanding, but they don't have to be (obviously) and the whole low-poly-but-not-severely style fits the game great, and the explosions are really satisfying too. Finally, the level editor and steam workshop let you share epic levels you've created and keep you entertained between seasonal updates."
,Recommended,397950,25828772,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Deescalation,"10/10 North Carolina driving sim, although sometimes there are other types of vehicles on the road, so maybe a pick-up truck DLC? Other than that, the amount of crashes were true to life, but I felt a bit calmer and more in control of the situation in Clustertruck."
,Recommended,397950,30192742,Posted: 26 February,all,Thanadrax💜,"SERIOUSLY well done game for pure lovers of parkour and jumping.You can make your own style of gaming with abilities\utilities, or you can go full rambo and beat the game without any abilities.Awesome yet banging final is worth all the game. Trust me!"
,Recommended,397950,25774483,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lincoln Balloon,"This is one of the most wildly original games I have seen in a long time.Clustertruck's basic premise is this: you run and jump across the back of trucks that are speeding down various landscapes.  Your objective is to get to the goal by any means necessary.  But if you touch anything or bump anything that isn't a truck (well, almost anything), you fail and have to restart the level.  It sounds hard, and it is hard, but it's also crazy fun.  There's no feeling like being absolutely certain you're about to fail and then somehow turning it around into a victory.To help matters, you earn points as you play and you can use them to buy abilities.  These abilities range from things like double jump and slowing down time to making the game play like SUPERHOT.  They're all interesting and offer ridiculous new ways to tackle levels.Now some might be upset with the fact that you can pretty much see all the levels in just 2-3 hours, but the levels that are there are great.  They start off fairly tame, easing you into the game and letting you get a handle on how it all works.  But the game gradually ramps up the difficulty, adding new and crazier things as the levels go on.  You get lasers, boulders, trucks falling from the sky, trucks being shot out of cannons at you, missile launching turrets, and more.  And I found all the levels to be fun.Well, except for the final level.  I won't spoil what it is, but those who have gotten there will know what I'm talking about.Here's the thing: Clustertruck is built around speed.  It's all about getting things done as fast as you can, and the levels reflect that.  Each one can usually be completed in 10-20 seconds at most.  But then the final level comes along, and it forces you to play for at least two minutes.  And if you slip up, make a mistake, and fail?  Well you're back at the beginning.  And it quickly gets frustrating.  The concept is cool, and an interesting variation on the tradition levels, but in the end it just makes the tiny flaws in Clustertruck suddenly become all the more glaring.  The momentum can be wonky as you jump from truck to truck.  The inherent randomness in the game means that the trucks can act unpredictably.  And if that happens at the wrong time, you die because of it.  These flaws normally don't mean much because of how fast each level is, but the final level can become insanely frustrating as you continually retry it over and over just trying to get back to where you were.Despite all that, Clustertruck is a great game and I highly recommend it.  It's one of the most creative game ideas I've ever seen.  And it's only the final level that annoyed me.  The rest could be challenging, but they were still fun.  That being said, if you don't think fifteen bucks is worth only a few hours of content, then I'd wait for a sale.  Either way, it'll certainly be one of the most unique games you ever purchase.EDIT: I just found out that the developers made the final level a little shorter to alleviate some of the frustration.  Good on them.  I'm glad they listen to feedback unlike some in the industry."
,Recommended,397950,30716368,Posted: 24 March,all,Scawt,"Clustertruck is a fun little game in which you jump between trucks to get to an end goal. It's a simple premise but surprisingly fun.I finished this game quite a while ago and decided to aim for every achievement which was pretty easy to do. The only really annoying part about the game was the final level, that thing was nearly impossible to complete without abilities but after tens of hundreds of attempts I got lucky. I don't know if they fixed that level but it was still really rewarding defeating thatgiant truck satan.Other than that level (and a couple others), the game was extremely fun. Who knew that such a simple premise could be so exhilarating! Some of the levels in which you thought you would die but somehow pulled through by the skin of your teeth filled me with adrenaline. It was really hard to stop playing, although there isn't much to do once you have completed the game which can be completed in about 3-4 hours if you use abilities and aren't aiming for 100% achievements.Anyways, it was a really fun little game. I might have to give it an 7/10 JUST because of the fact that the final level was so rage inducing. Still a great game and I would recommend."
,Recommended,397950,31984230,Posted: 26 May,all,KT_Extinction,"Clustertruck is silly game about jumping from truck to truck in wacky, over the top levels. Each level has a mass of trucks heading in a direction, but hazards such as boulders, platforms, lasers, and other things I don't want to spoil make this a challenging platforming that will test your reaction time and skill. There are special abilities such as a grappling hook, bullet time, and a SUPERTRUCK modifier that changes the game completely, and I am pretty sure this game is impossible without these abilities, although according to global achievements is that special 1% subset of super humans who have miraculously beat the whole game without using abilities.... which I just can not fathom.Some of the situations you find yourself having to overcome are so ridiculous and seemingly impossible, that when you DO manage to complete them, you start to believe that nothing is impossible. Each run is less than a minute long, so this has become my new go-to quick game to play while my wife is getting ready for something. It also has workshop support and an editor, so feel free to make other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t levels that are nearly impossible to beat.To decide whether or not to purchase this, watch a gameplay trailer, as it is  accurate as to what you will be doing throughout the entire game. If you like the chaotic, goofy fun, then you will definitely get a kick out of this ridiculous concept for a video game."
,Recommended,397950,33055199,Posted: 30 June,all,Nexiu,"You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to ""Delicious"" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game."
,Recommended,397950,31209811,Posted: 17 April,all,_AGitated.png,"DO NOT GET IT IF YOU HAVE AN OLDER OR SLOWER MODEL PC/LAPTOP I REPEAT DO NOT GET IT IF YOUR DEVICE IS SLOW OR OLD IT WILL LAG AT AN UNPLAYABLE RATE AND YOUR MONEY WOULD BE WASTED!!! I made that mistake. Learn how to refund games then download just in case. i could not find any way to lower the resolution, but it stuck itself to ""fantastic"". I would recommend, it seems like a really fun game, but not to accessable. 10/10 game, 4/10 formatting.Edit: Once again stating, it did not and will not let me change the res. I don't know why, but in the options for res, i could only find the option ""fantastic"". Nothing lower or higher, so stop asking if I've trid lowering the res. I use an older hand-me-down laptop, but that shouldn't hinder my option to change my resolution."
,Recommended,397950,25730198,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DapperDelta,You remember that car scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark?Yeah. Now combine that with The Matrix.
,Recommended,397950,29449306,Posted: 23 January,all,The Daedalian,"GameplaySimple and exciting. Clustertruck is a first person game where you have a handful of useful abilities that aid you in your mission of utmost importance, passing through a goal line on the other end of a runway. Consisting of nine worlds, each with ten levels, you must start at Point A and work your way to Point B by leaping from trucks and utilizing abilities like slowing time, double jump, grappling hooks, and a plethora of other odd and nonsensical ways. Despite having superpowers and legs that are likely made of muscular jello, touching the ground or colliding with any object results in immediate death.Physics are wonderfully exaggerated and controls are easy to work with as you can guide yourself in outlandish directions between or during jumps, while also maintaining a natural balance on lopsided trucks. Propel yourself from the rear of trucks or wall-run alongside them for increased speed. Resourceful superpowered truck jumping man gives Titanfall soldiers and Faith from Mirror’s Edge a run for their money in terms of cat-like reflexes and agility.Each world offers a different atmosphere, new challenges and hurdles (sometimes literally), and new and exciting ways to mash yourself against a wall, or house, or giant stone cross falling from the stratosphere on the fiery plains of hell. The base game is shorter than I originally expected and once you get the hang of it, most levels can be beaten rather easily.Clustertruck also offers an Editor Mode that allows you to build your own maps and fine tune inner workings of trucks, objects and physics related aspects.SoundDelightful. Clustertruck offers a wonderful soundtrack of upbeat techno tunes that are prevalent through the entire experience and couldn’t be more fitting to the game itself. After playing, download the soundtrack on Spotify so that while you’re inducing panic on I-76 you have something worthwhile to listen to, you reckless freak.GraphicsOn a scale from one to ten, one being a blank screen and ten being polygons, Clustertruck gets a ten out of ten. Really though, aside from shadows, textures, and anti-aliasing there isn’t much to be fiddled with, hopefully that message was clearly relayed through screenshots and videos. It’s emphasis is on gameplay and while the simple graphics, lighting, and visual effects are charming, they aren’t the focus nor should they be.Replay ValueMissions provide slightly different approaches each restart as trucks don’t always move in a specific pattern, and a decent amount of abilities can offer new forms of playstyle. It’s arguably dependent on the player, if short yet challenging runs and climbing time trial leaderboards are your thing, you may get more hours out of it than most. If you’re like Buzz Lightyear and ‘not aiming for the truck’ is your style of play then I would argue that you’ll find Clustertruck dissatisfying sooner rather than later.Wrapping UpShorter than expected for the price but excusable for the amount of fun it’s gameplay provides. An enjoyable experience that reveals more depth and difficulty as you progress. Clustertruck is a unique interpretation of “the floor is lava” that works with very little to produce a lot of fun."
76561198080169030,Recommended,397950,25780421,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DJDiabetus,"If you complain to a dev that you can't pass a certain level because its too hard for you don't buy this game.If, however, you like playing games that are a mix of skill and pure luck then this is the game for you.The soundtrack and start to get on your nerves if your stuck on one level but other than that the game is solid ride trucks to reach the goal sign with levels getting harder the further you go."
,Recommended,397950,33158259,Posted: 2 July,all,cs188,"Hands down one of the best games to livestream since viewers will see you rage, and that *always* equals a good time.  In all seriousness though - this game is challenging and a bit unforgiving, but that doesn't make it any less fun.  It seems to be a piece of cake for some players (able to complete it in 2-4 hours) and the ultimate spawn of satan for others (10+ hours).  I'm closer to the latter half, but I worked my♥♥♥♥♥off to get the ""Pure"" achievement, so this must mean I'm addicted to the punishment!"
76561198163527582,Recommended,397950,34113809,Posted: 8 August,all,Snazzy,"Clustertruck has an amazing art style, soundtrack, and great gameplay! This is a must buy!"
,Recommended,397950,31347016,Posted: 24 April,all,Imban,"Clustertruck is basically what happens if someone takes the whole ""look how goofy and kinda broken Unity's physics engine is!"" genre, epitomized by Goat Simulator, and makes an actual game out of it. The result is a speedrun-focused platformer, with the platforms being trucks that obey wacky Unity physics.The result is expectedly fun, and most of the levels are designed well enough that they don't become frustrating even when you keep dying to the slippery controls or unusual physics, but it shares a downside with many games like this where it's quite easy to get stuck on a single level and not really have fun any more, because the game is completely linear and all levels must be successfully completed in order to unlock the next.(The ""final boss"" stage gets a special mention, however - Clustertruck mostly manages to not be frustrating despite combining slippery controls, wacky physics, and major errors requiring you to restart the run by having most stages be short. The final stage is... not, and suffers a lot from that.)I would recommend Clustertruck to most people who enjoy action games and especially to people who have subjected themselves to Unity's default physics before, as seeing it become an actual game rather than just Goat Simulator was extra funny for me. It's not a terribly long game unless you want to replay stages to improve your score, but given its single gimmick, that's to be expected."
,Recommended,397950,29214109,Posted: 12 January,all,ReFL3X,"It's like if you took Mirror's Edge, scaled it down to trucks and then made it 10x more badass. If you imagine what that would be like then you have a fairly decent representation of this game."
76561197989989921,Recommended,397950,29370584,Posted: 19 January,all,Humpiestranger,"Pros-Really fun, cheap, and chaotic game!  Nothing like hoping between exploding trucks in a last ditch effort to cross the goal.  This game is for people who enjoy platformer games that are fast and twitchy.  Music is thumpin' with nice simple eletronic songs and the visuals are nice and simplistic!  Over one hundred levels to play on, with the addition of a couple free holiday updates.  Game offers a bunch of interesting powerups to suit your game style, or just ♥♥♥♥ around and have fun...  Or you know, get gud and play with no handycap.Also features a map edit mode, where you can create and post your own maps on Steam.Cons-Although the map editor is a nice addition, most of the maps posted by fellow players are a heeping pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥  Note that it isn't a problem with the game per say, but rather a dead community that wasn't really grow into a community.There is a score board for when you finish a map, however, if you are the typle who likes the leader boards, than tough luck.  It seems that all the maps have been hacked, so the top leaderboards just say 0.00.Other than that, game is a blast.  Even though its a bit short, I still come back to it once in a while."
76561197963619517,Recommended,397950,25841330,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ahninjas,"If you can get it to run, Clustertruck is the most fun you can have on a man made vehicle without joining the mile high club."
,Not Recommended,397950,25972495,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ok!★ok!,it's funit's not $14.99 USD fun
,Recommended,397950,25773830,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hell Raven,Ever wanted a mix of Mirror's Edge and Super Meat Boy with a healthy dose of Matrix? Here's your game. The videos really do give a good idea what it's about.
,Recommended,397950,25807463,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ghostak,"Good game with simple but awesome graphics. 90 levels + Custom Workshop maps, a bunch of abilities to help you through this nightmare of trucks.Really addicting and fun !Nice price too, go for it, it's 100% worth."
76561198059791889,Recommended,397950,30886931,Posted: 1 April,all,Lordjoro,Youtube commentary gameplay footage
76561198137626866,Recommended,397950,25758137,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Oreodog300,"This game is great fun however, the campaign in quite short. However, I think the entire point of this game is to complete the levels as fast as you can and climb up the leaderboard, That is the appeal of this game. On a side note, There is a level builder function in which, you build a level, and add it to the workshop, potentially, there could be many great levels on the workshop thus making this game have an immense amount of levels. So if you're the sort of person who love speedrunning platformers, you will adore this."
,Recommended,397950,26042763,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Justananomaly,"Game: ClustertruckDeveloper: Landfall GamesPublisher: tinyBuildReleased: September 27th, 2016Review Date: October 14th, 2016Genre: Action, IndieRelease Day Price: $14.99 USDA bit of a bias going in and I thought I should clarify that I have been following the development of this game since it was called by a different name, Highway Fight Squad, and with each new teaser posted to the subreddit, I got more and more interested in playing it. One of my favorite YouTubers, Muselk, got a pre-alpha copy and I wanted it even more. Once the invite alpha was released for testing last year, I jumped right on it. I have been hooked ever since. However, I will try not to let any of that get in the way of my honest review.I have been playing the full Steam version for two weeks now, and here is my opinion on the game.So what is this Clustertruck game about? Well, it's about bouncing from truck to truck to reach the end goal without touching the ground or obstacles. There are a certain amount of trucks per level and their movements, as well as some of the state hazards, are almost entirely purely RNG. It's really just that simple. Sounds boring, right? Well, not entirely. The physics of the game are very fine-tuned, the learning curve can get quite steep while remaining fun and engaging, and the things that are thrown at you get more and crazier as you go. You also unlock abilities as you go. A lot of player feedback, my own included, went into this game, and it shows. It is much better now than in the alpha stage.It's a very engaging game from the start and holds you hand a bit at the beginning, but not for very long. The only way to continue to the next level is to well, for lack of a better phrase, git gud. The controls are very responsive and intuitive. The physics have their issues, but they're mostly predictable. Sometimes RNG can screw you, other times it can work in your favor. So how does this become fun? Well, because the game never stops being a challenge, really. Once you master one thing, you have to master a new thing, and that's how you are progressed through the game. There is no story. There is no plot. It's just you, trucks, and physics, and I love the simplicity of it. There is a final boss so to speak, but there is no expansion on it. It's just there. I don't even think it needs an explanation really.Is there replayability, you might ask? Well sort of. You can get an achievement for beating every single level of the game, final boss included, with no abilities. That sounds like it would be a cake walk but believe me; it's increasingly difficult to do. You will probably also beat the game and still have some abilities left to unlock. You can use two abilities at a time and beating the game with a different pair is also a very fun experience in experimentation. You can also race your friend’s ghosts and beat their times, which there is an achievement for as well. Additionally, there is plenty of Steam Workshop user submitted levels ranging from a 1-1 Super Mario Bros. clone, to the Big Balls stage from Wipeout, to the first Ninja Warrior course, all three are really fun to try and complete. After you beat the game and unlock all abilities there is currently nothing more to spend your hard earned points on, but hopefully that will be addressed further down the road with DLC or new ability unlocks.All of that said there are still some bugs in the game. One that lets people exploit some aspects of the physics to beat a level in around 2 seconds for instance which isn't a major issue if you are not going for a top of the leaderboard time. There is a function you can map to a button called ""sprint"" and at this time there is no auto-sprint option so you'll constantly have to hold down the sprint button if you want speed. Landfall Games is aware of both of these issues and are working on them. They're very engaging with the community and I love that about them.Is it perfect? No.Is it very original? Not really.Is it fun? Hell yes!Is it worth replaying? Very much so!Is it worth the price? Absolutely, but with Steam's Fall Sale coming up, I would hold off until then just to grab it for a bit less.I give Clustertruck an 8/10 which is a very good score from me for an indie game. I would only give it a 7/10 because of the amount of bugs, but Landfall Games is extremely engaging and talks to their communities and a lot of fixes are already in the works and they have delivered huge amounts of bug fixes already.My recommendation? Buy it!"
,Recommended,397950,33443732,Posted: 10 July,all,★TykaN | 度,Great Game! Very challenging at times but its definetely worth your money! Happy jumping lads!
,Not Recommended,397950,28923929,Posted: 1 January,all,Blaaguuu,"I'm pretty torn on this. When everything aligns just right in the game, and you have a really good run, it is incredibly fun and  exhilarating. However I think that the game is missing just a little bit of polish on the jumping/movement mechanics before I would recommend it. There were just far too many times where I felt like I did everything right and had a spectacular run going, and somehow it just completely fails to do what I expected it to - making me smack the back/side of a track and fall down rather than doing a mantle/jump or wall-run - the character just slides off the truck awkwardly - or I feel like I just barely made a jump, but I die instead.It's unfortunate, because there does seem to be a ton of potential here - my quick play session was a roller coaster of emotions, peaking back and forth between utter joy and complete frustration. In the end, it was just too frustrating, not because of some well designed difficulty, but a complete disconnect in the movement system between what I was attempting and how the physics of the game reacted."
,Recommended,397950,27720839,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kingbee,"SUCH A FUN GAME. Perfect for a few extra minutes you have between classes, or waiting on a friend. The physics make no sense, yet are perfect at the same time. I've played through the game at least 3 times and I CAN CONFIRM it IS POSSIBLE to complete every level with no abilities. Super easy to pick up and the seasonal maps are also great. WOULD RECOMMEND."
76561198274541652,Recommended,397950,29286914,Posted: 15 January,all,Boppykins,*Three Frontflips Two 360 Backflips And A 180................*   (Gets Hit By Log)10/10 WOULD RIP MY EYEBALLS OUT AGAIN
76561198081991649,Recommended,397950,25777727,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Miss Rich,"I absolutly enjoyed this price and was worth the price, I have been determined to set my own records and have gotten some great times. However the ghosts and time borad could use some work. I frequently saw ghosts shoot up in to the air and fly straight for the goal. (I am unsure if this is a ghost bug or mods for the game) I also think the game could use a time/score borad that displays times with and without upgronly downside it that the game is a bit short but it's easily worth the 15 bucksLooking forword for any future updates to this game!"
,Recommended,397950,25786367,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,trish,"Bought this game when you got Totally Accurate Battle Simulator with it, because at the time I was only interested in that game. But now that it came out I tried it out and fell in love. Amazing game, I honestly can't think of anything negative to say about it that's not small details.- Solid level design, some levels are short some levels are a bit longer but all are easily doable under one minute, except the last one.- Not too hard, but definitely not easy. Some levels were a bit easy admittedly, but overall it was a challenging game.- It felt fair, not sure how to explain this one.- There isn't anything to help you with the game except for the small tutorial at the beginning and how to use the ability you get first time you use it. Which I find nice, because I don't like being told what spacebar does when I'm at the last level for example.- Abilities felt second nature. You know how it's obvious that spacebar is jumping? It felt like that, you use the abilities without giving it much thought.- Simple idea, but very original. Can't think of any other game that's this fast-paced where you have to jump on - sometimes flying - trucks.- Going fast FELT fast. And satisfying. Especially reaching the goal at the peak of your speed, using that extra dash ability to get a few extra speed points felt very good.- Not much to say about the visuals. They were good, the best part about them was probably the particle effects. Simple style, but it works.EDIT: There was this small bug that sometimes when you enter a level the truck you spawn on flips immediately, making you fall on the ground, making you unable to get the Ace score for completing a level the first time you try it.EDIT 2: Just realized I didn't say anything about the music, but that's because there wasn't really anything wrong with it, it was decent, but not something very noteworthy. The medieval theme stood out the most for me personally, but other than that nothing to really say about it.tl;dr: Great game, pick it up when you can. Worth it for the full price, but if it's ever on sale definitely give it a try. Arbitrary rating that doesn't really mean anything: 9/10"
,Recommended,397950,31672548,Posted: 10 May,all,Gazpins,"Clustertruckis one of the greatest adventures of this era. You play as a nameless hero who must propel themselves across the roofs of trucks and through obstacles to reach the finish line of each course.It’s not quite that dramatic, butClustertruckis honestly a great time. It’s a pretty unique game that includes varied world types, fluid movement, and pure action with no filler. There’s something about fast-paced leaping from truck to truck that you can’t find in other games. Putting on some upbeat music and jumping around is pretty killer.Levels vary in length and difficulty. You may complete some in only one or two tries, but others may have you stuck for many more. Even for levels I found myself having difficulties, the challenge never felt impossible.Clustertruckis a game that you gradually improve at and as it ramps up the difficulty. Flying through a level with precision where you were previously failing within seconds is quite satisfying.There are a handful of abilities to help you if needed. The vary in price (and I’m assuming usefulness) which you earn based on level scores. I played almost exclusively using double jump as my only ability, so I can’t really comment on how much effect the others have.I think thatClustertruckis best enjoyed in shorter bursts of play. It isn’t the longest game, so doing that helps extend the life a bit. It’s definitely replayable in terms of improving your stage score or trying out new abilities, as well as just being fun enough in general to redo levels. Seasonal worlds for Halloween & Christmas have been added in free updates andClustertruckalso has Steam Workshop support.WhileClustertruckis a blast to play, and I definitely recommend it, I would still suggest picking it up on a sale just because it’s a little on the shorter side.(At the time of writing this, it’s currently available in the Humble Bundle for about ~$7.50 including other games. Definitely consider this if you’re interested!)If you found this review mildly entertaining or useful, please consider checking out my Steam group / curations. It’s chock-full of my awful sense of humour <3."
76561198100492137,Recommended,397950,34071039,Posted: 6 August,all,JulianDeSith,Game is SUUUUPER fun. Simple physics mechanics are fun!
76561198106173072,Recommended,397950,26306407,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,UltraSmurfs,"overall this game is fun as hell, warning it does get challenging at like world 5 or so... but you sould indeed buy this game!!! its a solid 9/10 BUY THIS GAME,THERES NO REASON TO NOT BUY IT!!!theres no bugs or anything, well i didnt find any...the graphics are ok.the gameplay is addictive and fun.you may rage quit later in to the game though as it gets really hard around world 8ish.overall pretty damn good game!!"
35432673875375354,Recommended,397950,25775365,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FML,"This is a very fun game tbh, I love it. It's so difficult, and so fun at the same time, it's like that perfect middleground of hard and fun. So when ya keep losing you don't get mad at the game."
76561198263710583,Recommended,397950,26347080,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Baconator,I like this game a lot. It's really easy at first but trust me it gets a LOT harder.
,Not Recommended,397950,25850552,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Monarch,"Its good, but its not worth 18 dollars. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,397950,25741655,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Unterleibsschmerzen,"I followed this game ever since the first ""this is what I'm working on right now"" post on reddit and I have to say that all promises were kept, it's an amazing game, it turned out to be just the way I personally hoped it would. Amazing work dude, enjoy your success, you really really earned it."
,Recommended,397950,25730936,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,(((McSp00ky))),"> Beats the game in 3 hours> Spends 1/3 of the game on the last level> CriesOverall, Clustertruck is a pretty good game that takes advantage of what its working worth. The levels vary, which test how skilled the player actually is at the game.The most frustrating part of the game is the last level which is completely different from the rest of the game and encourages the player to slow down while platforming.  Slowing down doesn't help when you can die on any wall and fall off due to the loose controls.Edit: Apparently they made the last level easier, so know it should only take 30 minutes."
76561198048289424,Not Recommended,397950,25734134,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DarkStateOfMind,"Many of the other negative reviews are spot on. This game has a good concept, but as others have said it is rather short. A friend and I had a lot of fun in the earlier levels. The game felt like deaths were your fault. As the game progressed, not even half way through mind you, A LOT of issue became the norm. Hit detection is abysmal. I consitantly would get fall through the hood of trucks when landing on them from a long fall (which many levels require to complete). You will find yourself having to restart regularly because something off screen ""colllided"" with you. This is made apparent when levels require you to move through very tight obsticles. This is terrible game design as you can not see yourself. You have not clue how big your hitbox is, and it is bigger than the viewport. The physics are also extremely buggy. As others have mentioned the controls will switch between being extremely tight, and being unacceptably loose, often times mid jump, making landing difficult. Jumping is also extremely varied, especially the second jump on a double jump. Sometimes jumps throw you almost straight forward, instead of up, Sometime the second jump is a large increase in height, other times you barley move at all. The way the player interacts with trucks is also buggy at best. The player can move along the side of and the back of the truck. Sometimes this will result in you being thrusted into the ground, perpendicular to your vector of motion. Other times you will rocket up the side of the truck, soaring into the air much much higher than you could ever jump (usually slinging you into a some obstacle). The trucks also seem to randomize their movements. I like this idea because you can replay levels with a different experience. This issue with its currrent implementation is that way too often all of the truck in front of you will simply drive off of the map, or create a blockade that trucks can not pass, making progress impossible. This last point would not be so bad if all of the other issues with the physics engine, collision, and inconsitent player controls also causing deaths. All of these thing create an experience that leaves you thinking, ""Good thing I got lucky, and the game didn't screw me thank time."" Which feels bad to say the least. The first 3 worlds have moments where beating a level feels like a skille victory, but they are also rather easy.In short, with the only solid feeling levels being worlds 1-3, and the game being riddled with loss causing bugs, bad hit detection, and very inconsitent controls, this game feels pretty bad a lot of the time. It is not worth the price tag until they fix these issues. This is at the end of the day a sloppy platformer. Get it on sale (or donate to the humble bundle to get it) or don't get it at all till the issues are patched."
,Recommended,397950,25775447,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Phat Cheese,This game is out of this world! Cheap and ridiculous fun. Mirrors edge and Euro Truck Sim had a baby in an arcade.
,Recommended,397950,29346138,Posted: 18 January,all,Loyalty,"This is probably one of my favorite games. I mean, it's literally just jumping around from truck to truck, but it's highly addicting.Probably because it's so fast paced, and you don't really have any time to say ""WHY DID I DIE IM GONNA SUE THE DEVELOPERS AND..."" because it just starts you right back over.Pretty hard to explain why I love this game so much, probably because of how super challenging it is. It starts off is one of the simplest games in the world, but it gets pretty hard core really quickly. Probably not quite worth the money, but I got it on sale so I can't complain. ;pAlso has a great soundtrack.9.5/10, play it! I'll cry if you don't!"
,Recommended,397950,25738865,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Cade,"I've written before about the recent dea(r)th of 3D platformers. I've bemoaned the lack of games where learning to utilize momentum and all the tools at your disposal in a three dimensional environment is rewarding and fun.Landfall Games, with Clustertruck, has hit that mark. As soon as you start up Clustertruck, you know what you're in for. You're going to be jumping from truck to truck until you hit a goal sign. For 90 levels, that is the sole goal. You will jump from white truck, to white truck, to white truck, until you pass through the area beneath the red Goal banner.While that sounds like it'd get repetitive really fast, you can summarize most games down to that level of simplicity. The thing Clustertruck masterfully understands is stripping away all the excess fat to really nail down level design, and in that area it has absolutely succeeded.From the first level the movement is fun. It's fast, you need to be accurate, and the braver and better at aiming and controlling your jumps you are, the more you get out of it. For a few levels, you could just ride the back truck for a long time until you got to the part where it's necessary to jump. But that's absolutely not the way to play Clustertruck.Clustertruck has levels that are all about trial and error, but for the most part you're going to want to go as fast as possible towards that goal sign. You'll want to leave your starter truck behind instantaneously, constantly jumping, looking for new trucks to get to. It's exhilirating the first time you play a new level because all levels start out the same: you, on a truck, moving forward. But it never stays that simple. Elevation changes. Trucks being launched. You being launched by superheated air, lasers to dodge, hugepentagramsrushing at you; there's never a time when Clustertruck is content to just keep going. Each level builds on the one before it, challenging you in new and creative ways, but always teaching you each mechanic, through gameplay, to make sure you understand it before throwing in a twist to keep you on your toes.The levels themselves are divided into worlds of ten stages each; nine worlds each with not only a different visual style, but vastly different design, gradually ramping up in difficulty. There's a brilliance here, too, because while the game gets more difficult the more worlds you progress, you'll always finish a world on a very hard level and immediately the next level, in a new world, is much calmer and easier, letting you catch your breath as it teaches you something new. It's absolutely perfect pacing, and it satisfies that just-one-more-level itch of a game that you want to keep playing for gameplay alone.Make no mistake: it's gameplayalonethat Clustertruck offers. There's no semblance of story. There's no reason for you to be on these trucks, no reason for you to be in these worlds, and aside from the very end, no real sense of a goal being accomplished in any story-based sense of the word. It's you, the powerups, the trucks, and the levels, and nothing else. Nothing but an admittedly great soundtrack that keeps going and encouraging you throughout your many, many failures, and cheering you on during your successes. There's nothing better in Clustertruck than beating a level on the first try, sailing through it as though you've done it a thousand times before, and being rewarded with a First Try bonus.That bonus system is tied to the Style Points system, the only non-level-based progression in the game. Each level you complete gives you points based on style, whether that's jumping off of flying trucks, getting air time, or completing it on your first try. Those points can then be used to unlock new movement abilities and utility powerups. Movement abilities are used with either the left mouse button (by default) or in the case of double jump, merely tapping your space bar (by default) again.These are both fun to use and very situational. In most cases, you'll want double jump because it's the most versatile. But for speedruns and getting the best time, the air-dash is key. Grappling hook can make you pull off insane maneuvers, and the blink (a nice Dishonored homage, called the Disrespected Blink) is... well, it's fun. I couldn't find a practical use for it. There's a few others I didn't really get the chance to use, but needless to say, there's replayability there, using the right tool for the right run.On the utility side, there's the most useful one: slow time. It slows time for you, the trucks, and the level, allowing you to nail a perfect landing that might've been a little too fast. There's also one that stops trucks (dangerous. I never got the hang of it), one that creates a truck under you, and my favorite, an homage to another first-person indie game. I won't spoil it, but let's just say it's both super and hot. Okay, I'll spoil it, it's superHOT. The trucks move when you move, or when you're in the air. It's more for fun than for utility, but it brought a smile to my face. Be sure to right click when you have this utility active.A level editor is included in the game from day one, with Steam workshop support. It seems pretty deep, so I can't wait to come back to Clustertruck in the months ahead to play new and exciting user-created content.There's also a leaderboards system with friends filtering, so you can keep running levels to beat your friends... or the world. There's a ghost system for trying to beat a certain score's ghost, but I didn't play around with it, so I'm not sure how well it works.Clustertruck is incredibly polished, but there are a couple issues that kept it from being perfect. The hitbox on certain wheels is hard to judge, so sometimes you'll brush them and it won't feel like it was your fault. There's also a small bit of jank with the way the climbing up the back of trucks (I call it the ""slingshot"") mechanic works, where sometimes you'll get far more momentum than it feels like you should. It's nothing game-breaking in the slightest, but it can keep runs feeling inconsistent at times.It's also not a very long game. I was finished with it at 4 hours, and there's no collectibles or anything to make you replay specific levels. I'm fine with that price : gameplay ratio, but others might not be.In addition, the very final level might frustrate some as it's got some mechanics you've never had to deal with in the main game before.Don't let any of those things stop you, though; this game is already one of my favorites of 2016, and it earns that title by gameplay alone.If you've got any interest in 3D platformers, games about speed and momentum, careful positioning, or dialogue-less humor (while the game's concept is funny enough, there's one joke level in world 8 that made me laugh out loud), you might want to give this one a shot. It's difficult, but not unfair. It gives back the more you put into it. It's got replayability and that arcade feeling of chasing that one high score that's just out of your reach.Clustertruck is a game that is unashamedly nothing but gameplay. And that's something I'll always champion... as long as your gameplay is good. Clustertruck's gameplay isn't good. It'sexcellent.4/5"
,Recommended,397950,35322511,Posted: 29 September,all,Drawoox,i have no words just 8/10 for this game...the music....wowthe gameplay.......WOWyou enjoy all the time while you play.but dont break the computer while playing this game please XD
76561198071815655,Recommended,397950,30261419,Posted: 1 March,all,Fex,"Only two problems with this game, the occasional RNG of the trucks ruining everything (which on official levels is somewhat rare), and the fact that its a first person platformer. Otherwise its a hype game with hype music that makes you feel great for beating some of the tougher levels. If you like fast platformers then this is probably the game for you.I was able to beat the main game in roughly 4 hours with a few friends ♥♥♥♥ing with me with the twitch stream events if that helps with how much playtime you may get out of it. But this doesn't include the two holiday expansions or the steam workshop levels."
,Recommended,397950,25824980,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Plumtecgames,"Lots of fun!! 100% worth the price. It may make you rage... Quite a bit too. Once you win, you'll feel THE champion!!! Until you see the leaderboard of course... Then you have to go on to the next level and rage once again lol. It's really not that difficult if you get abilities, which makes the game more fun and easier to get a better time. So, yes this game is great and I recommend it, so do a ton of other people if you look at the reviews.*These aren't really pros or cons, just details I guess**Very Fast Pased*I think you can do flips, try it lol*You can go in slow motion! Who doesn't like being in slow motion? Everything is epic*You jump onto other trucks from other trucks (If that wasn't obvious enough) in slow motion (If you get the ability)*There are several abilities you can unlock*The abilities are epic if you use them correctly*This game is just plain amazing; 10/10-Plum"
,Recommended,397950,25774857,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Leeky Burrito,"Grass will kill you, rocks will kill you, the air barely doesnt kill you but touching a good truck is better than the best Fnck."
,Recommended,397950,25784519,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pumpkim,Jumps and miracles all packed into one clusterperience
,Recommended,397950,25806730,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,urge2splurge,It has always been a life goal of mine to jump from truck to truck. I am now complete.
,Recommended,397950,25858843,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,JIGRON,Popped a blood vessel in my hand getting to rank 39 on a course. Good stuff.
,Recommended,397950,25846186,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,OBABO,Incrediable. I just beat the final level and I have to say this game is one of the best indie games I have ever played. The crashes and flying and jumping was so smooth it felt like it was scripted. The soundtrack is epic aswell.
,Recommended,397950,33667968,Posted: 20 July,all,Paul Blart,"Coming from a guy who's wasted the last of his mental stability by beating the game and all it's achievements - just buy it, but don't expect to come out sane.Kind of like Dark Souls 3, but with trucksexcept the boss is harder10/10"
,Recommended,397950,29285274,Posted: 15 January,all,Sir Bruce of House Wayne,"This game, dear god this game. The satisfaction of beating a level is so high, the frantic terror as you bounce up and down off these trucks is intense, and the happy frustration of losing.I don't really know what to compare this too, maybe super meat boy meets unreal tournament?Anyway, doesn't matter, the game is great, it runs great, it's cheap, and most importantly fun. Buy it."
76561198278212533,Recommended,397950,29553954,Posted: 28 January,all,Bible Thumper,very triggering at some parts but other than that this game is gr8 10/10
,Recommended,397950,30592035,Posted: 18 March,all,I Poop Naked,"This game is so much more fun than it seems it'd be. If you're watching the video thinking hmm yea that seems kinda fun. Stop watching and buy. One evening I was just messing around with this game waiting for friends to show up at house. They arrived one at a time crowding the PC. Each one though hmm that looks fun before I handed the controller off. By the end we had to pry ourselves from it. Very simple game and oh so much fun. Also as a side note, perfect game for quick stress relief like One Finger Death Punch. You can pick it up play it for 10-15 mins and go back to what you were doing. For me it was accounting :( So thank you Clustertruck makers for getting me through that hell haha."
76561198072847988,Recommended,397950,25834568,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jakeowar,This game is awesome fun! You can just jump on it whenever and have a ton of fun. Its just a very simple but really awesome idea that you'll have a great time on. Also its only 15$ its worth it
,Recommended,397950,25865160,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,K,"Unlike No Man's Sky, this game did not disappoint. It advertised high-speed truck-jumping fun, and that is exactly what it provided.Advertising: Spot-onThe visuals are pretty, the game runs surprisingly smooth on my cruddy computer and okayish laptop (at least with graphics settings set to performance > quality). But honestly, you're here for a cluster♥♥♥♥ of trucks, not a cluster♥♥♥♥ of particle effects.Graphics: Who cares, it's trucksThe controls are very smooth and responsive, although sometimes you can slip and slide around on trucks instead of landing and jumping off of them because the game doesn't detect you achieving a ""landing"" state on them, which can get a little annoying. But it only happens if you're going really fast and on sloped trucks.One thing to note about the physics of the controls:The game is extremely biased to forward momentum.Strafing side to side while flying between trucks is a pretty good way to kill your momentum, and holding back is literally your mid-air brake-on-a-dime. But this isn't that hard to get used to as long as you just keep this in mind, and try looking where you want to go instead of air-strafing. I can best describe it as the polar opposite of TF2's rocket jumping mechanics, if you're familiar with those.Controls: It's alright, maybe a little less butter would doThe game features 80+ levels spanning across many worlds, which is honestly pretty short for it's price point, even if I did preorder it for $12. As for the gameplay, I haven't had this much fun playing a game since Super Smash Bros 4 came out. It is extremely fun to play with, and once you get the hang of it, it's super difficult to break the habit of flipping around and jumping off the sides and backs of trucks at high speeds, especially when you nail that golden angle and complete the level in a stylish way. Makes me wish there were replays of some sort.Oh, and did I mention that the game doesn't have a Y axis lock on your camera movement? You can do frontflips, backflips, and even play a level upside down while facing the wrong way if you wanted to.Gameplay: Seems like a rage game on the outside, but on the inside it's the dynamic younger brother of Mirror's EdgeThe year is 20XX. Trucks have overrun the planet and outnumbered humanity itself. Though that shouldn't come to a surprise, seeing as you're apparently the only human left. That shouldn't come as a surprise either, seeing as not only the floor, butvirtually everything except a truck is lava,and the reason you're the last living human left is because because apparently you were the one human that was standing on top of a truck at the time of the Atruckalypse.Story: I made that up, there isn't a storyThe music is ungodly. I can't stress that enough.Music: Yes + Yup = I love itAll in all, Clustertruck is an excellent game. It falls a bit short (literally), but I had an absolute blast playing it. Which I can't say for a lot of games. Devs, you keep doing the good. I'll keep doing the truckour. For our peoples. I mean trucks. For our trucks."
,Recommended,397950,25729397,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mika Csgoatse.com,"ive now played this game for 1.2 hours and i love it! there is so much you can do and the abillities ar amazing! i see a great future in this game! keep it up, develepors!"
,Recommended,397950,33348835,Posted: 7 July,all,I'm eating starburst jellybeans,this is a good video game
,Recommended,397950,33244045,Posted: 4 July,all,W/W,I like the part when you're on the truck
,Recommended,397950,33159975,Posted: 2 July,all,ุ,Cluster FUCC  xd
,Recommended,397950,26966003,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GhostEnder98,"A really Interesting and Challengeing Game, A must have for every single Gamer."
,Recommended,397950,25732556,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[Z]<EMP>Matte_axe,"great game, fast paced with alot of timing skills. fun game to play even after completing the levels"
,Recommended,397950,28579403,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Forman,"A cheap, fun and challenging game."
,Recommended,397950,25832551,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Daware,This is literally the most fun I have ever had streaming a game. I couldn't stop playing it. Super addicitng. I actaully streamed the whole thing in one sitting. Can't recommend enough.
,Recommended,397950,25865173,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,gRape,yuo jump trock too trock naht realism 5/7
,Recommended,397950,25739147,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Stefanonimo,This is how people drive in my country (Italy).Pretty accurate 10/10
,Recommended,397950,29952383,Posted: 15 February,all,3ddavies,Very enjoyable. Could be frustrating for some though.
76561198015318645,Not Recommended,397950,34110391,Posted: 8 August,all,SGT.Bjarne,"I love the consept, but i was looking for a very skill-based game. It might be my own expectations that ruined the game for me. The movement feels inconsistent and rather slow, you can't do extreme manouvers in the air like you can in the surfmodes in the counterstrike series. As a game that empethises on movement in the air, i find it weird that the airmovement is so limited. If you want to drasticly change your direction you have to say goodbye to whatever momentum you have build up. You seem to be able to change pace quite hastely forward and backwards, but not sideways.But my biggest problem with the inconsistancy is when you jump from a truck. Sometimes you jump high, sometimes you jump low and far. if you ride the side of a truck you can fly to space. This is probably not impossible to master, but what makes movement-based games great is simplicity that can be perfected. Also the trucks interact in different ways each time you play a round, can't expect physics to work the same each time, but man is it frustrating.Pros:Great leveldesignsGreat conseptFun to playCon:Non-intuitive movementNon-intuitive interactions with trucksFrustrating at times, mostly because of the reasons mentioned aboveMany levels are quite simularWhen you manage a hard map it feels like luck, not skill"
,Recommended,397950,25741529,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Doctor Fudge,"Flippin' 'eck this is a good 'un.Everything in this game is set up to make you feel like some kind of hyper truck ninja. The jumping is heavy and feels good, the abilities are all fancy and fun, the levels are great, the music is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Everything is geared towards getting the adrenaline going, putting a smirk on your face, and materializing badass shades over your eyes as you jump and fling yourself over insane terrain and exploding trucks towards the inexplicably floating ribbon at the end of the road.10/10 best truck jumping game I've ever played."
,Recommended,397950,33025169,Posted: 29 June,all,crazythepotato,"i cant 100% achievement this because i have no friends T_TEdit: take that back, just complete a level when none of your friends have completed (i.e. self-made level) and check friend leaderboards"
,Not Recommended,397950,29911415,Posted: 13 February,all,Banana Bread,"Imagine the hitbox from Superhot, but in a fast-paced, first-person, somewhat random precision platformer. Might be worth a few hours of your time at a reduced price, but it's a novelty game imo."
,Not Recommended,397950,28692041,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheEndIsNigh,"I feel as though I can describe my experience with Clustertruck by saying it feels like one of those games that you have more fun watching than playing, sort of like Goat Simulator once the gag has worn out its welcome within 10 seconds and this could be no different with Clustertruck. Watching Youtubers react to the broken leaderboards to swearing at the screen is more fun than playing it yourself.Much of my frustrations with this game comes from battling the physics engine rather than me being at fault for misplacing a jump or being too fast / rushing through the level. Instead, the physics of the trucks themselves are random, one moment they can go on a straight line, the next the could go all over the place with maybe only one truck escaping the hectic mess that you died in a mile away.The overall premise is interesting, if not weird, but I feel as though the execution was completely different."
,Not Recommended,397950,28652102,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Firetiger,"This is one of those games with such a brilliant concept that you kick yourself for not thinking of it first.  I'll spare you the details as I assume you can read the store page for yourself.  I played the first hour and got through about 75% of the main content.  Most of the time you're at the mercy of whatever the physics feels like doing, and while that might seem like a knock against the game, the unpredictability is really the entire basis for the game and its ""charm"", right up to its title.  Personally I found the early content to be ridiculously easy, and it's goofy and pretty fun at first.  I think the right mindset is important here, and I wouldn't go into it with serious expectations and look for some ultra-hardcore challenge.But my second hour consisted of increasing frustration, and not the ""good"" kind.  Don't get me wrong, I tend to enjoy masochistic games that are impossibly hard, but when you fail in this game, it's more of the ""that was unfair"" kind of hard rather than the ""I goofed up, let me try again!"" hard.  I really don't like the way this game handles.  Let me outline the two major failings that I think hold this game back:1)  You have very limited control over your jumps.  You can alter your direction and speed just slightly, but not enough to really react or course-correct.  I get it, in a platform game you probably want players to make calculated jumps rather than flying by the seat of their pants.  But isn't that what this game is all about?  The chaotic nature of it kind of necessitates having more ability to control where you land and be able to respond when things go crazy.  This starts to become a problem when the game has you making longer jumps where you're in the air for a while, only to have the truck beneath you suddenly swerve away at the last second.  Sometimes you have to make blind jumps at odd angles and land on trucks in motion which are also prone to veering off or getting pushed off course.  It's tough to get it right, and when you do it often feels like dumb luck more than anything.2) There's some funny business with the truck friction.  They're slippery.  Most of the time you'll stay in place, but sometimes the truck you're on will get knocked and you'll slide off.  Sometimes you'll be falling through the air lined up for a perfect landing and it doesn't stick.  If you instinctively jump to try and stay with it, you'll usually get thrown at some odd angle and because you have no control in the air, it's over.Ultimately in the more difficult levels you just feel cheated, and because I don't think this is the sort of game to take seriously, I just stopped.  It doesn't feel rewarding when you push through it because the game doesn't really give you the tools to overcome the challenge.  It's not a bad game by any means, but I think it's probably not worth the price."
76561197973017445,Recommended,397950,25744263,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,windscale,"Delivers 1000% on ingeniously stupid premise.Also appears to have been sprayed with that ""just one more go"" chemical.10/10 would get crushed again"
,Recommended,397950,25733435,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shy Guy,"Honestly, I really enjoyed this game, and for some reason, I felt compelled to write a review about it. Hopefully I can inform everyone about what this game really is, what to expect from it, and if it's worth the price.ControlsDisclaimer: I played this game with an Xbox 360 controllerI have to address this aspect of Clustertruck first, because it is undoubtedly the make-or-break aspect of the game. On controller, you have constantly move your right thumb between the right stick and the A button, which takes an insane amount of getting used to. It feels awkward and clunky at first, but once you get used to it, you can do great. You just have to stick with it and get used to the control scheme of your choice.GameplayCurrently, I have beaten every level in the game except for the last one, which I'll talk about later. However, that aside, I played through the entire campaign in one, under two-hour long session.I want to start by saying that there is a reason we don't see many first-person platformers; it's insanely hard to see where you are supposed to go. Having to move the camera around to see where you need to land and also be able to jump is nearly impossible, and it makes the game frustrating. Add to this that the platforms are moving trucks, and you get an experience where it is very hard to pass a level on the first go. Now, as someone who enjoys a challenge, this was great for me, and I thoroughly enjoyed needing to figure out where a truck would be at a given time to use it as a jump. However, if you often get frustrated by losing a lot, this game may not be for you.However, there is one glaring issue in the gameplay that stuck out to me; the abilities. Once you get to a certain point, you can purchase abilities with ""skill points"" you earn in the game for beating levels and doing cool stunts. There are two, insanely over-powered abilities: the double jump, and the time slowdown. In Clustertruck, momentum works in a very interesting way, and because of this, the double jump does not give you much height, but can give you a great boost in distance that you cover in a jump. The time slowdown, on the other hand, makes landing on trucks a lot easier. Several times throughout the game, I thought to myself ""Could I have beaten that level without those abilites?"", the answer usually being probably not. These abilities are essential, and make the plethora of other abilities irrelevant. Not to say that you shouldn't play with them though! There are some really fun abilities (grapple hook, jet pack, a SUPERHOT-esque mode, and a handful more that you could easily say ""I'm gonna do the whole campaign again, but with these power-ups"".) The replayability here is really in the hands of the player, but I know I'll be sinking many more hours into this game (only ~2.5 at the time of this review), both with the abilities, and the steam workshop support.The spoiler text below is going to talk about the last level, so skip this if you don't want it spoiled, skip thisAlright, so the last level has me left very confused. The entire campaign is about flying from truck to truck, dodging through moving obstacles, etc. A final level, or final boss, is supposed to be a culmination of all of that. However, the last level of Clustertruck does away with all of that and gives you a level where, primarily, the trucks don't move, and it's pure platforming. This would be fine, except your character is made to move, jump, and turn fast, in order to fly from moving truck to moving truck. These physics, applied to still platforms, make for a very frustrating experience. Take that and add it to the fact that the level is VERY long, and if you lose you have to start all over, and you get a final level that is a disservice to an otherwise stellar game in terms of designVisualsNot much to say here honestly. Anything you've seen of the game is what you get. I had to turn everything but bloom off in order to get a smooth 60 fps, and I didn't feel like I was losing that much in terms of quality. So in terms of graphics, nothing too mind blowing. But, I do have to give a round of applause to the art style here. The colors chosen, the polygon-esque appearance of everything, it's all very minimalistic and it fits this game perfectly. Each world has its own disntinct artistic theme, and it's very nice to cruise through some levels, and then get a whole new theme that is pleasing to look at, but not over the top.AudioOy. Let me preface by saying, I LOVE video game music. I listen to it almost exclusively. That said, I am not a fan of how there is only one song per world in Clustertruck. Especially since you will be stuck on some levels for a while, hearing the same loop over and over gets old really fast, and I found that playing the game with the sound off is more enjoyable. Sound effects, on the other hand, are incredibly well done, and they match the game perfectly.VerdictThough I have been mostly complaining about stuff in this game, I do still recommend it, if you know that you like this kind of game. As someone with ~650 hours in The Binding of Isaac, and who enjoys games like Trials and Action Henk, these games are right up my alley. Is it worth $15? Debatable. It took me under two hours to do everything but the final level. However, I did poke around in the workshop levels, but it doesn't seem like there are any notable levels yet. I highly anticipate great levels made from the community, but right now, there isn't much to do. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with it, and don't regret the money I spent on it. However, if you're on the fence, I would say give it a whirl, or wait till it's on sale. But if you're even remotely interested in this game, pick it up. It's a really good time, and a really fun challenge. I have really high hopes both for what the devs will do with this game going forward, and what the community will do with the level creator.Also, I do have to throw in here that there is some excellent humor in here. It is rare that games can make me laugh, but Clustertruck did it a solid two times. Some of the humor in here is just plain stupid, which makes it excellent.I would give this game a solid 8/10.Hope this review was helpful!"
76561198140284667,Recommended,397950,26004798,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Scorpia888,I love the game and I think the dev's did a great job. The low polys were great and I would definatly recomend it to a friend.
,Recommended,397950,28581097,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,buddy,R.I.P. my left hand
,Recommended,397950,25941705,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Aduric,Loved the game!Playing the alpha showed how much potential the game has and it 100% delivered! Support this amazing game company and have hours of fun!
76561198027267470,Recommended,397950,25994707,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Nip Into Natrad,TRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCKTRUCK
76561198010403050,Recommended,397950,32741526,Posted: 24 June,all,Spike Kintarin,"Fun, addictive, and maddeningly frustrating as you go.You start out basic -- jumping from truck to truck, avoiding obstacles.Then it gets increasingly more intense with each stage/level.Definitely a fun purchase -- even more fun to watch someone else retry the same levels 50+ times to finally give up for the night and come right back to it the next day."
,Recommended,397950,28184049,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Pigrickton,There's no need for a Halloween event. This game is already a nightmare.
,Recommended,397950,32838016,Posted: 26 June,all,yerem2004,"i've watched many youtubers start to finish play this game, now it was my turn! and it was the best one. this game is very unforgiving and unpredictable, but thats what makes this game crazy and fun! but when you start the playing the game, go to the settings and turn off TAA... you will thank me later"
76561197994438039,Recommended,397950,32885954,Posted: 27 June,all,RonanTheRed,It's good
,Recommended,397950,33051823,Posted: 30 June,all,gleekonme,10/10
,Recommended,397950,27671859,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pineaholic,Best. Game. For a time waster. Could cost a little less cause of the very minimal amount of campaign worlds. But still a very good game! :_:
,Recommended,397950,29085138,Posted: 7 January,all,Captain Tree,"[★★★★★]The point system is superbly implemented, allowing you to unlock abilities with the points you gain from completing levels and doing tricks. You are (luckily) unable to activate all abilities at once, which would make this game awfully easy, but nontheless I found fun in the variety of available abilities and effects.The high-score system (at the time of writing the review) allows you to only show your Steam friends as an option, which I feel is a nice touch.Also, as a sidenote, you feel really cool when playing this game, and not only on the ice levels."
,Recommended,397950,26079828,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Warnerrr,"If you ever played ""The floor is hot lava"" and that weird ""pretend there is a guy running along the power lines while you're driving in the car"" games as a kid, this is the perfect combination of those 2 things. I won't go into crazy details, because I have to get back to the game, but do yourself a favour and get this game if you enjoy fast paced, hectic games where your reflexes are all that are keeping you alive."
,Recommended,397950,33964422,Posted: 1 August,all,succy succy 10 buccy,u jump on truck it fun :)
76561197999864550,Recommended,397950,33055694,Posted: 30 June,all,[ZPR] Jase,If high octane truck to truck platforming doesn't sound super rad to you then you either aren't grasping the concept or you're fundamentally broken.It takes a while to get to grips with the physics but it's very worth it.
,Recommended,397950,25731096,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Brian O'Conner,"Definitely buy it, it's worth it. Doesn't look too amazing on pictures but when you play it, it's like a different game!"
,Recommended,397950,25962596,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Reverend Revenant,"This game gave me carpal tunnel.And a helluva adrenaline high.The devs also ♥♥♥♥ with people streaming, which is nice.My only gripes are with the ♥♥♥♥heads who see fit to hack in order to get impossibly low times and the people who say the game isn't worth the price. You're all spoiled."
,Recommended,397950,33481006,Posted: 12 July,all,Spooky Doggo,A parkour game in which you jump on self-destructing trucks.10/10
,Recommended,397950,33566906,Posted: 15 July,all,Bubble_Dude,such an awesome game and its totally worth the money
,Recommended,397950,33014865,Posted: 29 June,all,DaBoamb,same day shipping simulator
76561198099742411,Recommended,397950,27773686,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NXG | mxchapz,This game is a defnite buy. It is fast paced and can make you rage but it is extremely fun!
,Recommended,397950,29696507,Posted: 4 February,all,Crash bandicoot man,"You jump from truck to truck, gaining more momentum in really weird ways but its super satisfying and fun. It has a level editor too, were you don't even need fokin trucks."
,Recommended,397950,34136325,Posted: 9 August,all,Wub,Clustertruck is b-hopping on steroids and sometimes lsd.
,Recommended,397950,28640827,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Alberny,Perfect mix between fun and frustration!I am loving it!
,Not Recommended,397950,25912050,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dr Dan,Just finished it. Was pretty fun but for the price it was quite short. I tried a few community made maps but they weren't exactly stellar. I'd say pick it up in a sale.
76561198106039767,Recommended,397950,25733870,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bucket o' Salt,Extreme Frogger.
,Recommended,397950,32878685,Posted: 27 June,all,CryogenicCabbage,Really fun and simple game!Perfects the balance between fun and challenging.
,Recommended,397950,28935156,Posted: 2 January,all,Hellkor,the best game in the truck platforming genre
,Recommended,397950,29576058,Posted: 29 January,all,Kelton312,"This game looks dumb, but is actually amazing. 10/10"
76561198081161043,Not Recommended,397950,25830233,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TheEmeraldDE,"The lack of content in this game is the main reason why you shouldn't buy it at full price. It's fun but I would only get it for a maximum of $5. This'll go on sale pretty quickly, so if you really want it, just wait a month or two. There will be even more content on the Workshop after that and you'll save some money. You aren't missing anything super special during that time anyways, as the game is fun, but not fun enough to warrant a buy at his point."
76561198066187260,Not Recommended,397950,28227646,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,tjmarshall1616,"SO, I spent full price on this game and I regret it. The in air controls are a joke, the momentum of your character is random at best. Some times you fly forever and other times there is no power whatsoever. Close calls often fall to death. It is a rough game charging too much for what you get in the campaign. Online levels make it better but DO NOT spend full price on this, wait for a sale or be prepaired for frusteratingly bad movement mechanics."
,Not Recommended,397950,26443693,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Quicksilvir,"Clustertruck is a game I loved for a period, but by the end various issues had soured my experience. The things the game does well it does really well. However, the faults the game has are equally crippling.Starting with what's to likeThe jumping action and soaring through the air is wonderful, and the way game lets you jump of the sides and back of trucks is great for pinballing you way through levels and saving yourself from the brink.The upgrades are all meaningful and each has their own uses. Some levels I found air dashing my best option, others I used levitation or double-jumps.Some levels are great excercises in jumping from truck to truck at a frantic and enjoyable pace.Time slow is a great crutch to give you time to aim and think and is useful throughout.But here are the glaring issuesThe movement of various obstacles and the way trucks bump off each other appear to be random. It doesn't seem an issue at first but sometimes upgrades seem almost mandatory when massive gaps in trucks appear and sometimes your path disappears altogether.Certain levels seem to have a timer in which a second set of trucks start moving after the timer expires. Until you try a jump and find that the trucks have already left you, you won't know to rush through the level like a madman. The halloween levels have some rough examples of this starting at level 4.The upgrade unlocking system works well for the first hour or two. But later on as you wish to try to unlock other items to see if they could help with a rough level you find yourself resorting to grinding or exploits in order to get enough points to expand your options.Finally, the biggest flaw is some atrociusly difficult levels. I spent almost an hour on 8-8, and half that time getting through 8-9 and 8-10. By the end of it I wasn't enthused to finish a level, I was relieved, and they stood in start contrast the easier levels throughout stage nine. Similar roadblocks happened at the end of world 4 and level three of the halloween levels. Clustertruck has a Super Meat Boy esqe respawn system where you get right back in the action, but it just leads to frustraction when you collide with a wall two inches off from a truck for the 20th time.I had some fun in the final world, but by the time I reached the final level, I just wanted to finish the game.  This is where the bad design comes in again, where you need to do a difficult ascent after a long ride twice and a single screwup sends you back 1-2 minutes to try again and again and again. The iffy physics for jumping off the side of trucks strike their worst here. It was so frustrating that I spent 45 minutes dying dozens of times trying a speedrun trick rather than beat the level the normal way. Even now I'm not sure if I want to bother finishing this game.Final verdict:4-6 hours of fun and challenge with some horrifyingly frustrating bits at the end. Buy if you want a short, fun action game and don't mind the challenge, don't buy if you hate repeating the same level over and over again trying to perfect it or get a lucky break."
,Not Recommended,397950,25958020,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Bboy9451,"REALLY overpriced, the game can be completed in 2.4 hours, and $15 is WAY too much for that.It's a really good game though (Besides the last level), but I recommend getting it on a really cheap sale."
76561198054774339,Not Recommended,397950,28621248,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SHOTGUN-v-WILLIE,"The absurdity of this game is truly fantastic! However, the main reason is because I feel the absurdity of the game takes precedence over its actual gameplay.  The trucks have a somewhat set path, but physics piloting the trucks means that they start in the same place, and go one direction leaving everthing else to random.  I also don't understand why pressing the forward key will propel you forward twice as fast as moving in any other direction.  There are just too many random aspects so recommend this game for someone who wants to figure out the level.  Different trucks hitting different things each try makes it a bit difficult, and on top of that there are times where a truck will crash, block the road, and prevent trucks from moving forward so I suddenly jump into the eternal emptiness because someone cant drive!  I just cannot recommend it because I would like my platformers have decent challenge and consistent gameplay.  The whole gimick of this game just ends up taking away from the actual gameplay and in the end, the clustertrucks are just a hinderence than a fun game."
,Not Recommended,397950,33967531,Posted: 2 August,all,sw_ifty I csgogem.com,"I do not recommend this game for lower end pc's. I tried everything to make it run well, but beyong the 3rd or 4th level, it is unplayable.  I enjoy the game and its concept but I wish the devs would expand the graphics settings more so that we low spec gamers can enjoy this fun game :)."
76561198199087647,Recommended,397950,30048399,Posted: 19 February,all,mrjjskate22,"OMG, this game is amazing. I have played a lot and just love everything about it. It has a perfect level of entertainment where you can't burn yourself out playing it, but you don't get bored quickly. I couldn't recommend this game more you have to get it."
,Recommended,397950,25769572,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DeadeyeDave,Basically the best scene in The Matrix Reloaded only more of it and with better CGI (HYOOOOOOOO)My only complaint is that if there was ever a game that should have been in VR it is this one.
,Recommended,397950,26938492,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,moist ointment✅,damn dude
,Recommended,397950,25892720,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Alandrus Sun,"Priced fairly well at $15. You jump on trucks and clear various obstacles that increase in difficulty for 100 levels. It can feel to end a bit short since the difficulty scales pretty well and once you feel like you've mastered the game, it ends. But, there is an editor for those that want to expand the game and add levels of their own. And an Epic Truck difficulty to replay the game on. The game has a perk system but the game doesn't relay on it. Everything can be beaten with or without abilities enabled. I forgot about abilities completely until I was on the last level but even then I didn't find myself relaying on them.It's a solid game. You buy what you see."
,Recommended,397950,25758025,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,lexsayshi,"Its a game about jumping on moving trucks, sometimes in midair, while boulders and lasers are flying at you.I played some of the beta, and I loved it. I love the idea of a physics based first person parkour game with moving platforms.  The game revolves around chaos. Who doesnt love chaos?"
,Recommended,397950,28242747,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Pixl Glitch,HARDCORE PARKOUR
,Recommended,397950,27016725,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tinyeagie,"i recommend buying this on sale, just becuase it can be fairly fast if your a person who likes to only do one playthourgh.pros:.fun.challagnging for all.creative.multiple ways of playingcons:.can be taxing on frames if not on beffy computor"
,Recommended,397950,28681769,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Clockwork Corgi,Harder than Dark Souls
,Recommended,397950,25732532,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,eEnderz,"The most Fast pace platformer, I have ever playedEDIT:After beating this game I can say this was even more fast pace then I originally thought.The final boss ""Truck Satan"" (Thats not the offical name for it but it's what I'm using), would easily be put on my Top 10 most fun bosses to play against.9/10, needs more levels and abilities.DLC would also do very well"
,Recommended,397950,28797470,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Isaacalb31,"A very fun game however the optimisation of this game is very bad on lowest graphic settings my computer can run all level before level 8.4 to an ok standard but half way through level 8.4 the frame rate dies cause in game time to slow to a crawl, it will then start back up again and you will then die, its a shame I cannot get any further as I was really enjoying this. would still recommend as levels before 8.4 make it worth it anyway.(the specs of my computer are over the minimum required)"
76561198288569080,Recommended,397950,29983898,Posted: 17 February,all,ıllıllı ECHO ıllıllı,This is a simple game that is really fun but does get a little hard later on but you get to play to a beast soundtrack.
76561198164358386,Recommended,397950,29954551,Posted: 15 February,all,GENDER UNKNOWN,WORTH. EVERY. ♥♥♥♥ING. PENNY.
,Recommended,397950,30416592,Posted: 9 March,all,Dildozer,"A high speed wacky puzzle with lasers, boulders, hammers, axes, and trucksOne of few games to make me scream out loud at it, an absolute riot from start to finish"
,Recommended,397950,26462743,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sammo™,Fun little challenging game. Pick it up in a sale or something
,Recommended,397950,25776434,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,AWildCantaloupe,Ok I used to like trucks. This game DESTROYED that love. Tore it apart.It's a great game though.
,Recommended,397950,28671497,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,-».•´ xFøøty `•.«-,This game was fun to playit was a great game simple but very nise
76561198283498865,Recommended,397950,27187152,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tartersaucexx,"The gameplay is fun, the graphics are simple, and Its great how many ways there are to complete a level using abilities."
76561198148461261,Recommended,397950,26319982,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CancerBoy,This game is really good and fun to play anytime.
76561198106819697,Recommended,397950,26371493,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Lucky,"Game: 'Maybe go a bit slower, it's easier that way'Me: 'Nah, I'm fine'Game: 'You died over 100 times on this level, would it help if we installed a ''Skip Level'' button?'Me: 'Nah, I'm fine'Game: 'You're trying this level for over 30 minutes now, are you sure you don't want the ''Skip Level'' button?'Me: 'YES, I'M FINE!'10/10 Best Parkour Game I've played so far"
76561198121308184,Recommended,397950,25744847,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,5katz,"""STOP SHOOTING TRUCKS AT ME!"" - meclustertruck is a really good indie-jump and run game, but it's short, i got through it in 6 hours, 2 of them  were the (ULTRA HARDCORE) bossfight (OF DOOM)but still, this game is worth the 15 dollars/euros"
,Recommended,397950,25792610,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,FreakyFrog,"I played Clustertruck Alpha and enjoyed that, so much improvement has been made since though. Some awesome features that I didn't see in Alpha such as the abilities and editor were implemented very well into the steam released game. I beat the game without abilities for the achievement and can't wait to try out all of the different ones now. Ready to replay for speedruns.Last 10 levels are hell, but this is a great game."
,Recommended,397950,26959520,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ColonelSanders21,Simple concept makes for a great game.
76561198311430466,Recommended,397950,26618218,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Meta Knight 0785,good game
76561198197971134,Recommended,397950,25965875,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CONNER2444,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198178490194,Recommended,397950,27556256,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,iamcrzzy,"the game is great, but my computer cant run it very well sadly :( but i reccommend it!"
76561198164507028,Recommended,397950,26191623,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,RoboNarples2929,Words cannot describe the pure awesomeness that is this game.
,Recommended,397950,26263402,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,CrazyBirdMan59,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game. When it's good, it's EPIC, but when it's bad...Oh my, it's bad.Now, if you're like me, Steam achievements are alluring, sprakling pieces of gold, and a 'perfect game (all achievements)' is like a dragon's den - full of treasure of indescribable beauty.So, if you're like me, you'll try to complete this game without any abilities.On your first playthrough.So, if you're like me, you'll spend the first half of this game laughing and cheering yourself on as you pull epic Michael Bay stunts. And then you'll spend the next half raging, complaining, swearing (oh my how you will swear!), crying and glaring at this game as it mocks you from your library, mouse hovering over the play button.""Do I really want to do this to myself?"" You will ask.If you are like me.But if you are like me, the answer will be yes.And when you play, you will tear your hair out knowing that you could buy an ability at any time - god, even a few seconds of slow-mo would make this a million times easier!But if you are like me, you are stubborn. You will tell yourself you've come this far; it's too late to turn back.And if you are like me, you will buy this game. You will play this game. You will enjoy this game. You will hate this game. And when you beat the final level (after dozens of tries), if you are like me, you will scream and throw your arms towards the heavens, letting the whole world know of your joy.And then, if you are like me, you will never play this game again, because the memories are too painful. And because while it was hell (literally at times) to get through, you did it, and no amount of Michael Bay stunts can ever hope to contend with the feeling of success and accomplishment when you got that achievement... 'Pure'. That rush of excitement when your plans pull off without a hitch... you'll never get that rush again.TLDR: Overall, I have very neutral feelings towards this game, however, I enjoyed it enough to give it a thumbs up, because that sense of accomplishment, it makes me feel like I have a life outside my computer. I completed all the (current) levels in five hours but, let me tell you, it will feel like a LOT more than that...And at time of writing, only 1.4% of players have the 'Pure' achievement. So...I AM THE ONE PERCENT *$&$%&*(%^&s!!!!"
,Recommended,397950,26617908,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Roeebya,good game
76561198340046407,Recommended,397950,26380560,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[DS] I ShadowSkiz,SO AWSOME THX I KNOW T.A.B.S WILL BE AWSOME LANDFALL
76561198271105938,Recommended,397950,26371012,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Unluckymonster,Jump from truck roof to next truck roof.It is just crazy and fun as it sounds. I have 95% time I play this game smile on my face.
,Recommended,397950,26347667,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,RevisedPlayer8,"Cluster Truck! - Quick Review!This has to be one of the best games to buy and have fun with!! :) This game is very basic but i love it! And i hope you guys like it as much as i do, the editor is a awesome feature, and they are coming out with new maps and items! This is a game where you can rage, But in a fun way! Meaning you can Get angry with the game but you still have fun!!! Personally I love this game sooo much! I hope you guys have as much fun as i have been!! =) Enjoy!"
,Recommended,397950,29210689,Posted: 12 January,all,Lemon Weezy 🍋,incredible.
,Recommended,397950,28884155,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,EleGiggle,It's like surfing from TF2 but with trucks. Amazing game.
,Recommended,397950,28789668,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Danny Dorito,"""Oh god! Theres lazers now??"""
,Recommended,397950,27580279,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Skyloper,"It's a fast and simple game but tons of fun.Perfect for a quick play when you don't have too much time on your hands.Runs smoothly and is graphically lovely.The best thing about the game is the fast respawns and randomization of the trucks.The randomness also means that you can't memorize a sequence of jumps so keep that in mind.If it's on sale, it's a must buy for sure!"
,Recommended,397950,27630771,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RebelliousUno,So good.  Run Jump TRUCKS
,Recommended,397950,29200086,Posted: 12 January,all,Noah,"Its crazy how fun this game is! You buy it thinking ""oh a fun little game to play when I'm just chilling"" but once you get into the gmae and the music starts hitting you, it becomes one of the funnest games ever. Buy it"
,Recommended,397950,27361513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,猫さん,"This is a very simple game that can have some amazing moments in it.Might be a bit difficult to get down at first, especially once the levels start to get challenging (at least, for me it was), but once you've gotten used to it you can pull off some crazy moves.Lots of fun and a good amount of levels. Wish there were a bit more though. I assume more will come out as time goes on (hopefully). The variety in abilities you get though can mix the levels up a bit too.Definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,397950,28786456,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ЯΞMSTUЯ,I found this game to be a great adrendline rush. Good game with some nice♥♥♥♥♥♥to it.One thing I wouldn't recommend doing is playing this game on a bad PC or laptop. As I couldn't play this game for more thne 30 minutes without it crashing my computer.
76561198085655846,Recommended,397950,28671947,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Neutrino,"Clustertruck is a fun and original game. It can get chalangeing and is a great expirience. Although you shouldn't take it too serious. My only problem is the Price. I finished the main campain in about 2 hours, and did all the Achievements with 11 or less maybie. If you ignore the community made content, the gamehan't got so many levels. yeah 100 is much but if you play them over and over it can get boring. But if you like speedrunning it can be lots of fun for far more than 30 hours or even more.Conclusin:Great game but the price tag is a litte big (in my Opinion)."
76561198100035737,Recommended,397950,25772835,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,lol what a gay,T R U C K S A T A NRUCKSATANand the jumping was cool too
76561198168956213,Recommended,397950,25732916,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,LilyoftheVa1ley,"Heard about this game from reddit, and when i saw it i was instantly on board. This game knows what it is and that is PURE FUN. Its all about the gameplay, and its amazing. The action all looks so epic when its happening with trucks flying, exploding, flipping over all around you. Its insanely fast paced, challenging, and chaotic. Whats great is that there is a level editor as well so you can create your own awesome levels and then share them in the community. This means youll never run out of content! If you love fast paced and challenging but fun games, this is absolutely the game for you"
,Recommended,397950,25891724,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Key Bookman,Very good
76561198111068619,Recommended,397950,29073132,Posted: 6 January,all,ronald reagan,"if you like clusters and trucking then boy, do i got a game for you"
,Recommended,397950,26310893,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Matchesia,"0.1/10 IGN, to much trucks"
,Recommended,397950,27248597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KanIneN csgobig.com,You get to jump on trucks... 10/10
,Recommended,397950,28753701,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,🥗,"If you're on the fence, BUY THIS GAME.I bought this game the day it came out, and beat it in the next 3 days. It's so much fun. With simple enough gameplay, Clustertruck gives you challenging levels that will leave you in rage. Starting off easy, this game quickly gains traction into the challenging, fast-paced platformer that I like so much. It may seem easy, and at times, it is, but trust me, the levels get hard. And if it wasn't hard enough, go and play some fan-made levels.If you weren't sold on the game by the other reviews, let me mention the level editor. Once you're done with all the levels (and the holiday levels that they frequently add to updates), you can still play the game more. The level editor allows you to create your own levels, whether easy yet innovative, or extremely difficult.TL;DR: If you love hectic, fast paced games, or just like platformers, you will most likely love this game."
76561198142036349,Recommended,397950,28755563,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TH0T_D3STR0Y3R,"Addictive, easy to run, amazing sense of speed and good support. I think the full price is quite steep for the amount of content without Workshop ( with Workshop is endless content) so i would heavily recommend waiting for a sale. I also recommend switching the control scheme to something you prefer because the default is quite straining on your hands after a while. Overall, A great, fast physics title. 9.5/10-A8"
76561197988646118,Recommended,397950,25954556,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Jack G,"Very fun, but not much content, beat in around 4.5 hours. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,397950,28567614,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sartor Resartus,"This game is actually a subtle commentary on the abuse of stimulants by many of America's truck drivers and the horrible effects it has on their lives, as well as the risks to those around them.The truckers in Clustetruck are an exaggerated analogy used to communicate this idea, as they are clearly hopped-up on some sort of cocktail of amphetamines that has driven them into a hideous murder-rage which consumes all of their thoughts. Their sole purpose, their entire function in existence, their raison d'être is to drive as fast as possible, towards the ambiguous ""goal"", while competing with other truckers - most often by killing them. At their drugged state, the only way they can feel anything is to enter into this terrifying world of diesel-soaked mayhem and Lynyrd Skynyrd mixtapes. Forever chasing their objective, doing terrible things to fellow truckers they once called friends, all for the sweet release from the daily hell of motorized labor, but almost always failing to reach it as their lives are more often consumed in a conflagration of exploding semis and laser beams.Compounding this social tragedy is the part of the player, who must traverse the trailers of these homicidal road warriors in an attempt to survive and reach your own goal. This is a representation of how the average American consumer relies on truckers as a vast majority of foodstuffs arrive at American grocers and markets via trailer - making the plight of truckers even more relevant.The soundtrack is pretty great but if you want to enhance your experience, throw down on a bunch of pre-workout and listen to Slayer while you play. Riveting."
,Recommended,397950,25870317,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TurtlesOnFleek,"Ho-ly... I pre-purchased this game for TABS, to be honest. I had played the pre-alpha and didn't enjoy it much, and then the full release, you guessed it, released. I then downloaded the game, with not much excitement. I then loaded up the game.And I was... surprised.Amazed.Blown away.This game is frickin' amazing. Worth every penny. It's a very difficult game and there are certain levels which pretty much stab you up the butt as soon as you've started doing well, but that's what's special about it. It's just.... good! I think this game deserves so much more, but the only downside is that there's only 90 levels, so LandFall, please add more."
76561198133739859,Recommended,397950,28786937,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ko,very fun game.very hard to play if you play kz.kill me now.
76561198058504791,Recommended,397950,28828015,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,무과금현질러,라인하르트로 이런거 할수있으면 얼마나 좋을까
76561198042749828,Recommended,397950,28577961,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,world's worst laptop,I have completed the campaign and I only need to get rid of the cramps in my hand about 70 times.
,Recommended,397950,25771263,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Scratch,Cool game with cool gameplay. 5/5Note: WR's from alpha is unbeatable
76561197972637605,Recommended,397950,25775329,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sleep0,Clustertruck is the most innovative trucker I've played in years!
,Recommended,397950,25785089,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ds6,"If there was a Maybe option for reviews, this would be it. I only recommend this when it's on sale.Clustertruck is a fun, simple game based on jumping on trucks, and is executed well enough to not suffer from its simplicity. It has good music and a sharp, aesthetically pleasing visual style. However, it suffers from a number of critical issues as of launch:Short campaign, easily beatable in a few hours. One of the most interesting levels in the game is the very last one, mostly because it uses mechanics seen nowhere else in the campaign; the other levels would have benefited from having similar mechanics included.Poor performance on mid-tier and specific high-tier computers; my FPS will either be a smooth 60 or a stuttering 40-50, sometimes dipping as low as 20. This also impacts the control of the game and makes it hard to line up some jumps.Very floaty, spongy physics with weird inertia that feels awkward and unmanageable until you get used to it. Once you get used to it, the controls usually work pretty well.Some upgrades allow for easy completion of the campaign levels in likely unintentional ways, which results in large gaps in time on the leaderboards;I managed to get first place on 7:3 using one of them, and the other legitimate top scores also made use of similar techniques as seen with their ghosts.Speaking of the leaderboards, there's already exploited and cheated times on the leaderboards, with one specific user getting a blazing fast record of 0:00:00 in every campaign level (as seen in the above link).It tries to be a game about speedrunning with a leaderboard, but you can't make strats because everything is based on finnicky, widely varying physics and you can easily get lucky or abuse the physics to beat someone's time. It tries to be a fun party game that you can pick up, play, and laugh at, but there's no multiplayer and there's not enough campaign levels for it to last longer than a few hours unless you play user-created levels.Again, the game is solid aside from these points and is still pretty fun, but the problems it has really holds it back from its full potential. I would recommend it on sale, maybe $5 or so, but certainly not $15."
76561198043734340,Recommended,397950,25792274,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,PowderedH20,cool
,Recommended,397950,25729609,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,BlackSquid,The best trucking game in the world.
,Recommended,397950,25733710,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,OwO What's this?,"This game is frustrating.Not ""♥♥♥♥ this stupid game"" frustrating. but get♥♥♥♥♥♥done frustrating."
,Recommended,397950,25740320,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Flo4President,"Clustertruck has everything I ever wanted: Slow motion, a grappling hook and steam workshop support."
,Recommended,397950,25792439,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,bye,"a novel premise accented with bare-bones controls that, with some practice, can pull off some of the most intricate and fun acrobatics i've experienced in a long time."
76561198048193675,Recommended,397950,26013393,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,martijn,an amazing game with great map design 10/10
,Recommended,397950,25943283,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,kaino,i like it a lot
76561198056338749,Recommended,397950,26366641,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Captain_Krone,Great Game 10/10Can play for Hours!
,Recommended,397950,25895300,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,adieu,"Awesome game! Really fun and smooth gameplay, easy to get into and pretty straightforward. You can get some really awesome runs in without any knowledge of how tf you did it, but ""alright, i'll take it."" I was able to finish the game campaign within two hours and mind you, I screwed up... a lot. I do wish that more content, in terms of campaign missions will come out in coming updates. I think the level layout of the final mission was a great idea and wished there were more like it throughout the game. All in all, 10/10 would play again for faster times with epic mode."
,Recommended,397950,26362590,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Echonian,"Clustertruck is a platforming game with very simple mechanics. You can sprint and jump by default, and your goal is to hop between trucks while avoiding pretty much everything else - making a dash for the goal on each stage.There are 90 stages currently in the game, plus 10 stages for the Halloween update (for 100 total). There are 10 stages each divided into 9 worlds in the base game, plus 1 world for the Halloween update.Each world has its own theme and its own set of obstacles to overcome, such as lasers in the ""laser world,"" or various swinging hammers and such in the ""medieval"" world. They are fairly well varied, and make good use of the concept of jumping between trucks. Each world also has its own unique soundtrack, which in my opinion makes it very easy to get lost in playing this.There are also a number of ""Abilities"" you can unlock, and you can equip two at any given point.Examples of these abilities are a temporary time-stop that freezes everything around you while holding down the right mouse button (by default), or a dash that lets you jump a little bit further forward to close a gap (left mouse button by default). You unlock these abilities with points gained by simply doing the levels, and I've already unlocked about half of them as of this writing. They are fun to use, though for those who prefer to avoid them, you can get an achievement for beating the game without using any abilities (I am in the process of aiming for this myself).You can aim for a high score by performing tricks (such as having high air-time, or jumping between trucks that are in mid-air). Or you can aim for a fast time. There are leaderboards, which you can filter by friends and such to compete if you so desire. Though the ""world high scores"" have the typical hackers at the top, with names such as ""end me"" or ""ban,"" a problem that seems to plague this sort of game.All in all, it is a very fun game, and the platforming mechanics work very well.They take time to get used to however, and for those without the patience to endlessly repeat a stage until you finish it, it may not be the game for you.That, and the fact that the game can be beaten in less than 3 hours (took me just about 3 hours exactly to beat every stage, including an infuriating final boss that requires a lot of trial and error to figure out the mechanics to), make this game really for those who love the idea of fast-paced platforming games.To compare to other games I have played, this game reminds me of Super Meat Boy primarily - a platforming game where you will die a lot, but you always can restart the stage immediately, so the frustration at losing can always be quickly forgotten by simply trying again.I'm still expecting to get a few hours of enjoyment out of this game, so it was worth the price to me. Mileage will depend on the individual of course, but this sort of game is right up my alley for quick fun when I'm not feeling like doing anything too mentally taxing.I recommend this game to anyone who loves fast-paced adrenaline-filled platformers."
,Recommended,397950,26372888,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Ted Jong Un | cs.money,"Cluster Trucks. Wow, ive got to say this game is fun. it's a fast paced truck jumping fun little game that you can play when you are bored. It also has a variety of power ups to spice up the game, and make it even better. Oh and dont forget the soundtrack! Every World has an awesome song, which gets you pumped for the level. The first few levels might seem easy but as the game progresses it gets more challenging and challenging. And it does not end there, since you can play from a variety of Workshop MAPS! I personally recomend this game, completely, I think the price is worth it and its one of the funnest games i've personally played. Plus the creators update the game often! and there are several levels to play.9/10"
,Recommended,397950,26392496,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Stanky Wang,"Crazy stupid fun. When i was 8 i would use my fingers and jump from car to car in my head but now i can finally do it. Cluster♥♥♥♥ is an amazing game, Loads of replayability and sillyness. This game is great! Good job LandFall"
76561198031581832,Recommended,397950,25904327,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,James666,So much fun but I would not expect more then about 8 hours out of the game tops. With that being said it not a lot of $$$
,Recommended,397950,25758911,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CTech,"Great game!It's worth it, buy it now, read the review laterOverview:Clustertruck is a game about jumping your way across trucks with hideous AI to reach a goal.The good:- Price is worth it- Unique concept- Levels aren't overly repetitive- Level editor- Devs listen to the community- Devs fix bugs- Range of abilities- Soundtrack is niceThe bad:- Sometimes the AI is a bit too stupidOverall, a solid 9/10. I really recommend you buy this game. As I already said, it is well worth the $15"
,Recommended,397950,25759432,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,wampXs,"Beautiful minimalistic graphics, Addicting gameplay, Amazing Level Design and diversity, but mainlyHilarious and Badass moments.You just can't go wrong with this game. I played the Alpha v. months ago and i was excited for it already! The full game is even more amazing with 70 new levels, totalling 90 levels of pure parkour and truck insanity, not to mention the purchaseable abilities and the competitive leaderboard. The developers are wonderful people, interacting with the fans in the subreddit and teasing us with new content all the way through the release.Truly a delightful platforming game, and one of the best indies out this year! Don't miss this amazing game!"
76561198043840880,Recommended,397950,25729183,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bipolar Fish,Trucks and parkour.
76561198025352519,Recommended,397950,25804971,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Romble,"i've played for only 30 minutes so far and the amount of silly giggles, yelps, odd facial expressions, and grunts I've let out has been near constant.If you want to know what kind of embarrassing sounds and faces humans make while having sex, play this game for a bit."
,Recommended,397950,25728791,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Jibril,Accurate Massachusetts driving simulator.10/10
,Recommended,397950,25729095,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SuckCumOutGirlsAssLikeABongRip,goes to show what traffic would realistically look like if there were no turn signals.10 / 10 would live in a city of people who only drive BMW's.
,Recommended,397950,25730734,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sonara,THIS GAME IS 100% AMAZING. once you get into it you can barely stop playing
76561198053365406,Recommended,397950,25731760,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Olive Froot,This game is more frustrating than being held at gunpoint.
76561198155289284,Recommended,397950,25734800,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Frenchiest Fry,A smooth fast pace platformer where you parkour on a cluster of trucks. What more do you need?
76561198062509384,Recommended,397950,25735414,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,PaTrickOrTreat,"I've been following this game back when it was called Highway Fight Squad. If you're like me and saw plenty of cool speedruns of levels and neat tricks used in them, be warned: it's harder than it looks! I made the mistake of underestimating the difficulty as a beginner and found there is at least a bit of a learning curve. Don't worry though, you'll get the hang of it pretty quick!From what I've played so far (up to World 7), this game is looking great! It's definitely a bit frustrating at times when you just can't maneuver yourself through a level just right, but it's also so very rewarding when you are able to get through one on your first try! The movement along with the many different abilities adds a bit of a challenge in itself in the sense that it takes a bit of getting used to, but when you get the hang of each one you can do plenty of great tricks. I  also really enjoy being able to mix-and-match different abilities as it adds an extra amount of depth of the gameplay.Protip: never be afraid of thinking outside of the box to get to the goal of each level if you're stuck with it. Not all levels are just a straight-shot ;)"
,Recommended,397950,25736556,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,RodneyBeales,Love it! The ending was fun as well. Finished the game in 2 hours yet theres more you can do. You can create your own levels and play with all the abilities.
76561198020551698,Recommended,397950,25787051,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Margoul Getron,Russian road simulator
,Recommended,397950,25773189,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,せいうん | The Liberator,"I recommend this game if you have a computer better than mine.I would like it if there were more things to disable in order to make the game look better or increase the performance by quite a bit, but I'm pretty amazed that it can even run on my laptop."
,Recommended,397950,25787253,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,MinimumEntropy,"I've been tracking this game's development on r/unity3d and I've been waiting for a while to check it out. It met every expectation and more! My review is below:A funny concept but a great game. The controls are responsive, the game is fun, the progression system is pretty good, the powerups are great, and most of all the level design is spectacular!An overall great game! Definitely worth the price. Not any masterpiece, but a great way to have a lot of fun!8.3/10Side note: If the videos look good to you, buy it!"
,Recommended,397950,25729464,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ProNub,"Amazing game! Very exciting and has hours of fun (unless you are a pro speedrunner on every game e.e). This game has great potential and can be very unexpected - everything that happens in a level is randomised, so there is no 'perfect run'. Abilities allow you you have different playstyles. Currently the only movement abilities are: Double Jump, Air Dash, Grappling Hook, Disrespected Blink (teleport), Truck Flip (this can be very useful if used correctly), Levitate, Jetpack, and Truck Boost. The utilities are: Trucksolute Zero, Portable Truck, Time Slow, Epic Mode, SUPERTRUCK (anyone played SUPERHOT?) and Back Truck.There are many abilities and many combinations of these abilities to help you work your way through the exciting 90 levels Clustertruck has in this version. I am sure in future more levels and more abilities will be added!Thanks for reading,-ProNub"
,Recommended,397950,25927373,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Imperator Impoxo,"Honestly, dont blame the drivers. Blame their psyche. I mean, seriously, if you were driving an invincible supertruck that can absolutely annihilate stone with ease, but then cant destroy wood at atleast 70 kph, ON TOP of having some secret agent or something on the top of your car, wouldnt you be afraid and cuddle into groups of 3 trucks? WOULDNT YOU?!?! Told ya!"
,Recommended,397950,26167397,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Lilo Tihena,most fun ive had in a while.also most suicidal ive been in a while but thats beside the point
,Recommended,397950,25734684,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Red_Eye_Gaming,10/10 would truck again
,Recommended,397950,27361304,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KreePz-,"Clustertruck is the most fun i've had in an arcade game in a while. Its got a nice cartoon feel with a subject silly enough that  it just makes you want to keep playing.Some of the Pros include:Simple controlsMany levelsDon't need to complete a stage to move onInsanely fun.Now, do I think its worth $15?Yes and no. It really depends what type of person you are and if you appreciate the idea of a man parkouring from truck to truck.However, if you do have the money and you have seen gameplay i would highly suggest buying Clustertruck. & if you don't have the money then wait till' its on sale.Cons:May get frustrated$15 PricetagLacks certain simple physicsOverall, i've had alot of fun in the hour i've played this game and i would overally reccomend it!Happy Jumping!"
,Recommended,397950,25954777,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,RaduPhantom,"Clustertruck is exactly what it’s aiming to be. It’s fun, fast, and fluid, letting you lose hours trying and trying to jump just right, to move just fast enough. The custom maps that the community has already made and sent out into the world are sure to provide plenty of replayability, complementing the great levels that come with the game."
,Recommended,397950,32881118,Posted: 27 June,all,T_mex,Crazy awesome fun!
,Recommended,397950,32894556,Posted: 27 June,all,Poki Draco,Nice game
76561198337605024,Recommended,397950,32952263,Posted: 28 June,all,Stockey2_0,its fun
76561198343915645,Recommended,397950,33015411,Posted: 29 June,all,boo,"This game is extremely rage inducing to say the least, very fun though!"
76561198276542105,Recommended,397950,33046614,Posted: 30 June,all,smart2move_2009,its pretty goddamm cool
76561198129616849,Recommended,397950,33048863,Posted: 30 June,all,Flailing Squid,"Move fast, jump high, ♥♥♥♥ the people who cheat to get to the top of leaderboard."
,Recommended,397950,33019459,Posted: 29 June,all,Azure,Awesomely simple gameplay.
76561197993056878,Recommended,397950,33011575,Posted: 29 June,all,Turtman,Great game. Runs great. Plays great. Challenge is great. Length is great. Great great great!
,Recommended,397950,28031374,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Obi_WanKanBlowMe,i came here for the movie links
,Recommended,397950,27517723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LeLennart,Jumping on moving platforms that can turn and explode. What can go wrong?
76561197990006052,Recommended,397950,27357662,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grevdor,"Probably the hardest first-person arcade semi-truck platformer that I have played in recent memory and I value it with every bit of cash I dropped on it.Oh, it's also ballstastically fun and has a great soundtrack.33 Sifakas out of 10"
76561198126729208,Recommended,397950,25731191,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Swaggolla,"Very unique, very hard, and very fun! The custom levels and abilities add a lot of flavor to an already perfect dish."
,Recommended,397950,33105658,Posted: 1 July,all,Berry Smoothie,"Very fun and sometimes frustrating game. I did find something odd though, while on the menu screen, the frame rate would drop to 5-7fps, and then would resume to a normal, consistent framerate while in game.Could be my crappy computer though.EDIT: Jesoos christ this game nearly brings me to tears. Some levels are so god damn hard."
,Recommended,397950,25744850,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,chelitopower,"A ♥♥♥♥♥on of Trucks are almost late for the Same-Day Shipping Service.You are some parkour enthusiast News Reporter who hops from truck to truck, doing sick♥♥♥♥♥tricks until you reach the goal.That's not actually trueReally, there's nothing else to say. Hope you the best of clusterluck."
,Recommended,397950,33733698,Posted: 22 July,all,Andem,"It's a good game, but I wish there was more of it. I think 5 bucks is the perfect price, since you'll probably beat everything in about 2 hours.I really enjoyed it, though. Very fast paced, really simple concept. I don't think all abilities were created equal, but maybe I am bias. I feel like the Air Dash move is just amazing, but maybe it varies from person to person what you'll prefer. I am not sure if the game would be possible without timeslow allowing you to change your movement in mid air perfectly.My only real complaint, other then wishing there was more, would be the sprint button. I wish it was just a toggle. There's kind of no reason to ever NOT sprint in this game, and since its a first person game, you're gonna be using mouse and keyboard for better controls. Soooo your shift holding pinkie is probably not going to be feeling too great, and I think it's a bit unecessary to have to hold it the whole time.There IS a level editor for this game, and I was pretty excited to say get more cool levels!! But uhhh.... there's just really not that much amazing stuff in the workshop. The Workshop itself is also a mess to deal with and doesn't really allow you to find said good levels. and then it's just kind of do one level at a time. It kind of bogs the game down and there isn't really much of anything of worth there sadly (no offense, there are some good levels, sure, but its hard to find and then said good levels are over in about 30 seconds.)It was fun to come back and replay a year or two later again though. When you really get the hang of this, you feel like a god. I'd recommend it to fast 3D platformer fans at 5 dollar price tag. Don't rely on the level editor to save the game though"
,Recommended,397950,33223655,Posted: 4 July,all,Timothy Teakettle,heck
,Recommended,397950,25789089,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,Top Notch
76561198125787648,Recommended,397950,27683042,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mickipicki,super fun fast paste action
,Recommended,397950,27368915,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mineblozer,"To put it simply: trucks.After 5 minutes I realized this game is surprisingly similar to Super Meat Boy.What they both have in common:1. Awesome soundtrack2. Squishy meat splatter death sound3. Parkour4. One is 3D, one isn'tThis game is as fun as heck. If not, even more fun.Trying to refrain from making bad puns.10/10 would try irl again"
,Recommended,397950,33854955,Posted: 28 July,all,✘DANG3R✘,If you want to play a quick fun game then you should get this. I would personally wait until a sale to get this but either way I enjoyed playing this game.
76561198113338970,Recommended,397950,25964772,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,BIG MEATY CLAWS,"I just pre-ordered for TABSTABS is great but buggy as all hell, It is in pre-alpha thoughThis game is meh imo but try it out and if you like it then keep it, if you don't just refund"
,Recommended,397950,31775125,Posted: 15 May,all,Steve,fun and goodyou literally just jump from truck to truck (not much to do) but a good time-waster
,Recommended,397950,25738937,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MK,The first 7 worlds are amazing fun. But after it turns into a festival of random events that screw you over and things that don't make a lot of sense. It's still fun but it's extremely frustrating. Just leaving a tiny but of salt here after I've been cheesed out by the game in world 9-10 over and over again.
,Recommended,397950,28835669,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[B8R] Vincent Vega,"The reason I failed my English GCSEs, thanks lads."
,Recommended,397950,25848445,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,CHARIBARF,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198012610173,Recommended,397950,33352415,Posted: 7 July,all,Genoscythe,"Actually I would give this game a neutral, but as steam only has yes/no I'll just say get it, but only when it's on sale.What really makes this game a frustrating and annoying slog at times is the complete randomness of the physics and the inability of reacting to it. Controls are just not precise enough to quickly react to a truck that get's torn away 2 meter below your feet, especially the later levels are more luck than skill. Other than that the game is really fun, you can also make your own levels so it's up to what you want. I had fun times, but some levels really frustrate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, really destroying the good impression."
,Recommended,397950,25760623,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ran,"Do you remember going on road trips as a little kid, looking out the window, and imagining yourself jumping from roof to roof of passing traffic? Well now you can.+bonus for custom content support, always a commendable feature"
,Recommended,397950,30435310,Posted: 10 March,all,WASD-247,"Fun game, but inconsistent and janky physics make the game frustrating at times, such as pushing S in mid-air will slow you down, but releasing will make you continue to accelerate forward as if S was never pressed, makes you miss a truck frequently.The last campaign level is also just the worst, I just don't want to even try it any more. It turns the game on it's head and just punishes you rather than make you want to try and try again."
,Recommended,397950,33447703,Posted: 10 July,all,BornIdiotic,Its like the running of the bulls.If you ran on top of the bulls....and the bulls were trucks.
,Recommended,397950,25738524,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,sh00p 웃,"It took me around 3 hours to complete the whole game and the last level was pretty much a forth of the time, but it's still a game that I would recommend that you should buy!There is few cons here and there:The game is shortIt costs a lot for how long the game isReally hard Boss levelBut so many more pros:It's extremly fun for such a simple conceptIt has a lot of abilites that are fun to use (my favorites that I used through the whole game is double jump and slow-mo)There's a lot of creative levelsBoss level is challenging and fun, but much harder then any other level (The Boss Level is both a con and a pro)The levels are really diffrent when you change worlds (In the Steampunk world 8 has trucks flying at you. A lot of trucks)So in short I love this game and I recommend anyone that have the money to buy the game and play it!!"
,Recommended,397950,28418823,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Onemario1234,It's the most innovative platformer I've played in years!(Reference to SUPERHOT in there.)
,Recommended,397950,25848603,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,@MARCELOUS,8.6/10
,Recommended,397950,28881708,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,rekt,great my fingers now have muscles
76561198149511559,Recommended,397950,28843952,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Melon | Hellcase.com,Really fun jumping from truck to truck.  Some of the player created levels are wonky and fun.
,Recommended,397950,26344296,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Selpix,The feeling of doing mad♥♥♥♥♥flips while jumping over anti-gravity trucks with ghost bouncing like pads while there is pumpkins around you and lazers everywhere could that get any better? 8.9/10
,Recommended,397950,25913188,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Justin,"Bought the game, beat it in an hour and a half, refuned the game. Dankerino 11/8"
,Recommended,397950,32726922,Posted: 24 June,all,howarthgamer123,Great game highly recommended
,Recommended,397950,34336961,Posted: 18 August,all,pogran_,"What a crazy game :) You'll love it, it's unique, fast, easy to learn, but extremely hard to master. However, it's a one-time game, you play it, have fun and then forget about it. Though it's worth trying it. Although I don't want to play it anymore, I recommend it."
,Recommended,397950,26001492,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,mariothedog,Completed the game in 11/12 hoursreally good game but it gets REALLY! hard on the world 9 ( hell ) levels
,Recommended,397950,34625136,Posted: 30 August,all,Pussy Aint Lesbian,Great game fun to play particulary when you're bored!
76561198143461003,Recommended,397950,28678315,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Aleks 5.0,Rage inducing border crossing simulator 10/10 devs know how to make a great game
76561198123205914,Recommended,397950,25764179,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mr. Pompous Kiwi,Cluster truck is an amazing game were you jump from truck to truck to get to the finish line but you cant touch the ground.... sounds simple right?WRONG!!! it is VERRY hard but adicting with all the upgrades and if you pre-ordered it you get T.A.B.S so yay10/10 would fall of a floating truck again
,Recommended,397950,29987811,Posted: 17 February,all,Dani40,So.Cluster Truck is a great game.Why?Because:-It's simple and fun-It's easy to control-Abilities-Several worlds-Every world is different and in every world are different obstacles-The maps are beautiful (except for the steam punk one. the steam punk one gave me aids)-It's skill basedSo yeah.definitely worth buying!
,Recommended,397950,34720161,Posted: 3 September,all,Double0seven,"What a beautfully designed game. Great for newcomers to the platformer scene and challenging enough for veterans.Want added difficulty? Beat the game without using abilities, it's great fun. Only complaint is that it's kind of short however  this game is worth a playthough at the price. Hopefully this developer comes out with a second one, because I'm eagerly anticipating one.10/10 extremly well done!"
,Recommended,397950,34697726,Posted: 2 September,all,RandomSeagull,"Good game design, mechanics, sounds and gameplay. 10/10"
,Recommended,397950,25761571,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mechfruit,"This is probably the most fun i've had with a game in a long time.The concept behind the game seems simple enough, and playing the game is an absolute blast. The combination of abilities allows you to fly through levels at ridiculous speeds while frantically hopping about trying to find a nearby truck to land on, or placing your own if you need to. It's a quick race to the goal, and the game doesn't care how you get there, leaving quite a few options to get some very fast clear times (winter world in particular). The mix of the game's simplicity, music, excellent level design, and the absolute chaos that engulfs some of the later stages hooks you in and makes it hard to stop playing. To top it all off there's an in-game level editor, meaning the community is going to be putting out some gems in no time. I honestly can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,397950,25769026,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Çrookz N Çastlez,"This is the most frustrating, simplest, complicated game I've played thus far, and I'm loving every minute of it.10/10 Will jump on random flying trucks again."
,Recommended,397950,34953229,Posted: 14 September,all,dapper delinquent ☆VG☆,"Great game physics and very fun. Gets your adrenaline going. Cheap, fun and simple."
,Recommended,397950,35141645,Posted: 22 September,all,yey...,"THIS IS EPICCCKurimer said: POSTED: 23 SEPTEMBER. it is aimed at your destination and jumping on the convoy of unregulated trucks like the congestion zone EUROTRAC Simulator 2 multiplayer action game. There is no element or whatever attack. Rules are simple, and crashing into the ground or obstacles (walls) and the game is over. The stage is redone from scratch. No savepoints in the length of the stage every much longer remains intact and not interrupted by strange, conversely, do not resume, the exhilaration so good is not what I thought. Possible to move freely, usability is good, I think. General discussion of obstacles while snap from track to track, switch to play was thrilling and exciting NG. For persons that auxiliary abilities have no choice of difficulty and skill comes out on top, so I'm game from the second half of May is a little spicy. Contents stage look also works in various try scored in the first ""thing. It's never been easier! ""That sometimes it is not puzzle elements, or even that goal is easy to find monotonous without either until the end. Corresponds to the workshop, and there is also the scalability, I noticed that this game is tired from the exhilarating feeling of stage was clear. Also, because it can unlock a Player ability up to two can play the point with grabbing hook and double jump, front-line truck summoned something in a new strategy, aiming at the higher score after playing may be better. I think that in a good way simple and exhilarating game.Batsovald said: POSTED: 22 SEPTEMBER this game in some phases can be extremely difficult but you can't stop play because the game is fun. The problem is in the last stages to lose a little creativity and it's easy and tiresome in worth buying."
76561198142011295,Recommended,397950,35168401,Posted: 23 September,all,Zinico,Super fun time. Unique and flowing.
,Recommended,397950,35166449,Posted: 23 September,all,A Random Fan (Errorname404),"Amazing, just, a masterpiece.It's worth the price, but I wish this game had a little bit more effort into it."
,Recommended,397950,27037972,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Michael Jackson,It has been 4 weeks since the release of this game. My attempts at becoming a truck acrobat have gone horribly wrong. Play at your own risk.10/10 -- I've never been trucked this hard before.
,Recommended,397950,35261439,Posted: 28 September,all,AlwaysRCrafter,Crazy and cool :3.
76561198076603646,Recommended,397950,33237453,Posted: 4 July,all,Dad,"When I get Sweaty hands, I'm happy."
,Recommended,397950,34964732,Posted: 14 September,all,sirtanner,Rush Hour Traffic: The Video Game.
,Recommended,397950,35037628,Posted: 17 September,all,Frappe le garcon,This is an awesomely fun game. Every level is a new challanging adventure that is rewarding to beat. Even the first level manages to keep you rewarded the first time you play. I would easily recommend this game.
,Recommended,397950,34995265,Posted: 16 September,all,FlamingX21,"Simple and fun, what more can you ask..."
,Recommended,397950,28668697,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Yung_Meme | Daffy Duckler,Euro Truck Simulator 2016(I bet someone already used that joke x dee)
,Recommended,397950,25734370,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,drazi,-Runs on sides of trucks-Sits on moving tires-Uses a jetpack to fly above a 50 car pileup--8/8 m8 no h8 it is gr8
,Recommended,397950,25806011,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,dogegamer97,"THIS GAME IS SO GOOD! so far i have not seen any bugs, and its so unique and satisfying to play. it is hours of fun. and a bit< ahem alot a bit crazy"
76561198149961730,Recommended,397950,29953321,Posted: 15 February,all,Dex,A great time waster!
76561198345167780,Recommended,397950,30314861,Posted: 4 March,all,elementalnoob22,Really fun and enjoyable GET IT!
,Recommended,397950,33041575,Posted: 30 June,all,FalleN,Thee most frustrating game I've ever played
,Not Recommended,397950,32689474,Posted: 23 June,all,nougat,"meh its sorta fun but gets kinda repetative at one point, and there is some replay value, but it just never seemed that fun to me"
,Recommended,397950,32231619,Posted: 6 June,all,|Z2| n0Oo0o0ao0ao,"Super Meat Boy x10Super frustrating and satisfying when you win, has a good replay balue with custom maps"
,Recommended,397950,29687841,Posted: 4 February,all,✯gallipol✯,I give it an 8/9Because ♥♥♥♥ that levelEdit: Make that a 9/10
,Recommended,397950,32898544,Posted: 27 June,all,nomand,"Awesome fps platformer. Frantic gameplay, always be moving with some smart first person controls. You're not just jumping on top of trucks, you can also wallrun fling yourself on the sides or do a high jump off of the rear edge or duck obstacles on the bonnet - everything else is lava. Great variety with powerups like grappling hooks, time manipulation and more.Very simple and very polished with a great soundtrack. Quick gameplay and instant restarts keep you moving at all times, very satisfying if you're into spacial quickfire decisions."
,Recommended,397950,28787870,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Comedy,what a cluster♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,397950,28608460,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,gnzo3e,"After plying with this game, I know now why my son love it."
76561198180713906,Recommended,397950,25773326,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[_],Love the game I just got triggered and almost ate my mouse on the final Hell lvl no spoilers but you'll get cancer
76561198122867779,Recommended,397950,25763689,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Fungal Infection,I used to be addicted to crystal meth.Now I have cluster truck. 11/10 was worth the extra kidney.
,Recommended,397950,29921051,Posted: 14 February,all,ValSugar,"This game is:Oh, many trucks, okey.........WOOOOOOOOOOOOWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AAAAAAAAAAAAAA, IT'S A ROCK!FUUUUUUUCK HOW MANY LASERS!WATAFUUUUUUCK!!!!!"
,Recommended,397950,29223693,Posted: 13 January,all,Cringiana Jones,"the concept is awesome, a really well thought out parkour game 10/10"
,Recommended,397950,26043427,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,JoJonium,"Makes me mad as hell but it's fun.One con is that it's pretty pricey for how much you can do with it, but it's still fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,397950,27698983,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,the mem suprem,gr8 m8
,Recommended,397950,27695628,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Insane Katrina,"Gotta go mothertrucking fast!A lot of people describe this as a simple concept with an astoundingly solid gameplay. It's fast, its chaotic, and its absolute madness.Your sole objective is to jump from one truck onto another and avoid falling onto the ground or hitting a wall in a painful way all to reach the goal in the fastest way possible. Now that may sound easy the first few levels in, but later on it gets even more hectic.The game features a leaderboard system which allows you to compete with other players and friends to see who is the better speedrunner (or glitcher/map breaker), just don't try to become the #1 in a level though, the leaderboards are filled with people who hacked the game to beat the level in 0 seconds just to have their shameful names written over it.Oh, and the sountrack? The soundtrack is kickass! Suits every world level very well and its catchy enough that you might end up banging your head back forth to the beat. I would from the bottom of my heart recommend buying the soundtrack DLC, its that good, really!Now the cons of the game... well, the speedrunning is fine and all, but its just that because of the chaotic physics that come in with the game make it so much more luck based, sure if you got the right skills and power-ups you could avoid those, but there is just so many times the physics went haywire and launched me at random directions only that god knows how it happened. Not this is not that big of an issue, the game is purely physics based when it comes to trucks, and really adds a surprise factor all over, and may even generate some intense and pretty sick moments where you jump onto a flying truck and to another, trying to desperately reach the goal without falling to your death.But overall, the game is really fun to play and would totally recommend buying it when its on sale. And even the soundtrack, just do it!And remember, stay fast, stay safe, and don't try this at home."
,Recommended,397950,29912132,Posted: 13 February,all,VOKZEL,"One of my most favorite games ever made.Pros:- Most unique style of gameplay I have ever seen. No one (at least of what I heard) has ever created a physics based game where you jump on other physics based objects crashing and exploding while going over 100 mph on an intense obstacle course.- Creative obstacles. Jumping through a giant cogwheel and having to jump across tiny parts of the cogwheel while it is spinning is pretty difficult and creative. There are many more obstacles that are new, like a cannon that shoots trucks out of it and you have to jump across the trucks while they are zooming in the air, over 200 mph.-Bravo on creating World 7.Getting shot up in the air never so much fun. Also,Level 7:10 was the most difficult and amazing part of the game for me.- Abilities are pretty innovative and unique.- Best soundtrack.Ever. The soundtrack is an absolute must buy.- Very difficult and challenging. Above the seventh arena is where the difficulty really starts to kick in.- Steam workshop support. Any one can create a level easily and share it with their friends without telling them to go to some sketchy website.- Feel like live streaming? Well this is the game for you! Clustertruck has a feature where people who watch the stream can vote on how to screw up your game and make it even more insane!- Landfall (the devs) has this secret thing where they can go into your livestream and messeverythingup and type messages during your stream.Watch this video to see exactly what I am talking about.Really good customer support.- In-game level editor. No one has to download the Unity engine, learn how to use it, download the assets, etc. (Sadly, Turbo Dismount requires this)- Very unique art style.- Replay support to watch your epic backflips and insane jumps.- Impressive work for the Unity engine, where you normally see rip offs and garbage content.- Online leaderboards to compete for the top.Cons (I can't think of much because this game is awesome.)- The only major one is that it gets boring fast. At least for me. Once you beat the main campaign and beat the boss, there is almost nothing else to do. You can get all the abilities. You can try the workshop levels,but most of them are the same, and they are usually boring and easy.I am not saying they are all bad, because that is a complete lie. There are some good levels out there, but with the good comes the bad.- Some levels can be a bit too hard. I think it was level 8:8 where I got stuck for about 2 hours trying to pass it. The last set of cars went away too fast and I could never reach. The only way I won it was that a truck somehow flew up in the air and I had huge air time to just fly to the victory.- I guess there could be more levels, but I am not really complaining, because there is plenty already.Great game, Landfall. I am pretty pumped for TABS. My favorite development team ever."
76561198147869668,Recommended,397950,25772348,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,JekReySr,I love this game nothing bad about this game
,Recommended,397950,25797680,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TheP3ff,"highly enjoyed this game! i love challenging speed run style games like this, they really test your patience as a gamer but you can't help but ache to finish the level! Highly recommend!Watch the video of me playing this game! :)"
,Recommended,397950,25730962,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Frosty,Yes.
76561198084697240,Recommended,397950,25761116,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Brendan,The last boss is Dark Souls worthy.
76561198243093518,Recommended,397950,25740715,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Terrycorn,iza really gud
76561198138555647,Recommended,397950,25740687,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,batmon,Best indie game of 2016.
76561198038430621,Recommended,397950,26112935,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Niaraeth,I love this game when being drunk with a third bottle of whiskey.Start with level one to determine your drunkness.Fail at level 5 = seriously drunk. Concluded.
76561198081323993,Recommended,397950,29913039,Posted: 13 February,all,MechaBambi,Super Meat Boy + Parkour + FPS + an ADRENALINE SHOT TO THE CHEST = this game.10/10
76561198101160174,Recommended,397950,29272181,Posted: 15 January,all,[TME] Gibberdyflibbert,Why?A game about jumping on trucks.Why?WHY?WHY GOD?WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?Great driving and Mike Powell on speed.Great game.
,Recommended,397950,30361868,Posted: 6 March,all,E3kHatena,"ClusterTruck was my pick for Game of the Year 2016, its that good."
,Recommended,397950,26238524,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Lange,"Speedrunning simulator, aside from hackers taking the top leaderboard spot.Best 15 bucks ever spent."
76561197997548202,Recommended,397950,25762487,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Roboute Guilliman,"What a fun game!Like many great game, easy to learn, hard to master.Great gameplay, art style is strong, music is dope. What more to say?CDN$ 16.99 might be a little too much, but I gotta say, for me, it was worth every penny."
76561198106900838,Recommended,397950,25763052,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,NumNum,This is exactly what I wanted
,Recommended,397950,25769370,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,JazzyJaz,"Great game, 0 regrets!"
,Recommended,397950,25734744,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,boog,"Clustertruck is an alright game.It's short, for 15 dollars, but it's a novel concept, and will probably entertain you. (real review under pros and cons)PROS:Jumping, and MovingVery Good MusicNice Visual StyleCONS:Clipping, weird surfacesShallow GameplayNo Timer, Par Times, Hard to tell if you are beating a level 'fast', or motivation to beat a level 'fast', for that matterBoring AbilitiesNo Real 'Progression'The problem with this game, is that the developers came up with the idea ""you jump on trucks that are moving forward through a dangerous (usually straight) course"", and it seems like they didnt know where to go from there.There is no timer in the game, no ""par time"" for each level, and the 'speed bonus' youcanget at the end of levels (most levels do not give you a bonus at all, nor is there any way of telling your time, so you'll never know if you will get the speed bonus at all!!!) is a tiny currency bonus and doesnt really help you tell if you beat the level ""fast"". As consequence of this, there is no real reason or motivation for you to try to get through the levels quickly, you caneasilyjust jump on the front of a truck and ride it to the end of the level in most cases, as there is no time to beat, no acknowledgement for going fast other than a very small currency bonus, sometimes. The only recognition you get for going 'fast' on a level is a leaderboard, which you will probably never be able to make a dent in because of the game's sloppy mechanics.The abilities that you get from 'Style Points' (the game's currency that you get from beating levels  which they do not give you enough of (which means you're going to need togrindlevels for style points if you want to get all the abilities)) all feel broken. There is no progression to the order in which you get these, rather than them being things you gain on the 'campaign' to make a more involved puzzely sort of game, so you might have just bought a piece of shït ability that has no real use other than a silly gimmick (more than half of the abilities near-useless gimmicks that don't really do much, and there's no reason to use anything outside of Jetpack and Time Slow, which you (can) get very early on.You don't clip very well with the trucks in this game, which is something really bad considering they are (supposed to be) the only things you can stand on in the game. If you stand on the 'hood' of a truck, you will most of the time just randomly be sucked in front of the truck to (usually) die immediately by hitting the floor. There is no reason for this, and some levels require you to stand on the hood, which is just great. Jumping on the sides and backs of trucks is very inconsistent and feels pretty bad to do unless you've got Time Slow, which makes it easier. Some background objects will kill you upon touching them, where some others (such as giant swinging hammers and the 'catapults' that they are attatched to) won't. The things that will kill you though, are ceilings and sides of decorative buildings on the sides of levels, making the Grappling Hook ability near useless, as you can't do a ""Worms"" like 'Ninja Rope' swing off of them, as just touching any part of anything that isn't a truck kills you instantly.Clustertruck just feels weird to play, like it isnt finished."
,Recommended,397950,33753917,Posted: 23 July,all,Mr. Meeseeks ▄︻芫≡══一,░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▌█
76561198117060803,Recommended,397950,25740994,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Im hello,last lv was hard but all in all a fun game and worth a pick up
,Recommended,397950,29908769,Posted: 13 February,all,Fiji,"A neat time killer if you have no idea what to do in your spare time. The singleplayer missions are cool and you are able to make your own missions and upload these to the workshop. In my opinion, well optimised. It's an awesome game to stream, not only because of the cool user interaction where your stream decides your challenge but also I've seen some videos of Landfall Games developers messing with people on stream which is pretty funny. I would say that I'm proud for beating this game with no skills, but I sucked at the last mission so hard they literally gave me the win. Thanks, Landfall Games..."
,Recommended,397950,29922691,Posted: 14 February,all,Keyvias,Best platformer I've ever played.Recommendation for extended replayability-Play through complete game once-Play through against trying to beat Steam friends time's (unfortunately there are some glitched people that you will never beat)-Play through the game completely without powers-Play through again ttrying to beat your own time.
76561198102932676,Recommended,397950,34966259,Posted: 15 September,all,Heywire,"________________|Clustertruck is an ok  ||l “”|””\__,_|______________|||__|__|__|](@)@)*********(@)(@)**(@)      (@)"
,Recommended,397950,25771562,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Rick Harrison,"This game is amazing! Starts out easy, but gets increasingly harder as it progresses. Great learning curve. Great soundtrack, highly reccomend buying the OST. And, on top of all that, there's workshop support, so you can make levels and publish them! only problem is that it's relatively short. 3-5 hours, depending on how good your reflexes are/how good you are. Out of 10, a solid 9."
,Recommended,397950,29137318,Posted: 9 January,all,Major Armstrong,Jump JUMP JUUUUUUUUMMMPPPPP!!!
76561198112313932,Recommended,397950,29913204,Posted: 13 February,all,Multimob,Jesus took the wheel a little too much.
76561198121621781,Recommended,397950,26167517,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,dontmakelemonade,SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK
,Recommended,397950,27703822,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Matroska,My dreams came true with this game
76561198267975767,Recommended,397950,25797640,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sephrii,Poor trucks
76561198215832015,Not Recommended,397950,27931324,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Apple pie,Love the game but the price is just to much. I suggest everyone wats for a sale to get it.
,Recommended,397950,26149057,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Jake Paul,"This game is a really unique expirince its a must buy ,its a experimental revolutienery tital i cant describe how awesome it is!!"
,Recommended,397950,25835996,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Bob Benson,Good swedish creativity.
,Recommended,397950,29906848,Posted: 13 February,all,ItsTheMr.C,MENTAL GAME FOR MENTAL PEOPLE WHO LOVE A CHALLENGE WOULD RECCOMEND FOR ALL PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198099657977,Recommended,397950,25747009,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,A Specimen,Probly the stupidest review but could somehow you devs make the quality of the game have options like fantastic good ok and all that please?! yes i do rate this 10/10 but i still want to complain about that so is there anyway you could get do that if you read this  i should say? :|
,Recommended,397950,29950447,Posted: 15 February,all,Jed,"BEST GAME EVER, PERIOD."
,Recommended,397950,25763456,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,meddlingKid,This game is good but its missing something. I want the devs of this game to go back and blaze like 10 pounds of weed and remake it for that extra f*cking minecraft hardcore letsplay feel.
,Recommended,397950,29949529,Posted: 15 February,all,QTpop,"If you gave this a thumbs down, you really dont get it.The gameplay, Solid. Mechanics, Solid. Twitch interaction? Solid.Yes theres some RNG, Yes theres alt routes, yes theres all kinds of weird stuff that lets you skip content, speed run, etc. But thats kinda the whole point. Get to the goal, Fast as possible, by any means possible. Hell Ive had moments where twitch votes basically prevented me from doing anything thanks to how the map starts (Bouncy trucks + the wood in uhhh world 3? or whatever? I forget). But you just laugh that crap off. If you take this game seriously, or games in general too seriously, just skip it and dont bother voting it down.This games not for raging whiners. For real.Great game. Looking forward to updates and more maps to blast through."
,Recommended,397950,25732703,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,PipeHELIX,"I´ve followed this game long ago, when the levels where mixed up, even before, and I belived that the devs could so something better, that it had so much potencial....And they did bring moreSummary:-Singleplayer camping is kinda short,but exciting, by world 6 is where things get more awesome. It gives adrenaline on every second and makes the finish a relief for the action.-Powers/Abilities are pretty well made as far as I got and they really get hard to achive-Workshop is just out, but as every other level editor games, we just wait for to be amazedThis is a very good concept for a game that made it´s fame even for an indie game before it´s releas adn made people to love it even when it was super hyped. I really recomend this game, you should try it for yourself.If the devs are out there looking at this, thank you for doing this, from all the people who enjoys this."
76561198193927226,Recommended,397950,25732795,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ｄｒｏｏｇｌｅ,"These trucks get clustered. This is quite a high price for a game that can be completed in around 3 hours, but the community will destroy the competition and make more levels. I got this on sale when I first pre-purhased it -$11.99- with Cluster Truck and a taste of LandFalls new game, Totally Accurate Battle Simulator. It would be great to make a bundle that could include both games. Buy it on sale if you could or just screw it and buy the game. Either way, this game is intense  and satisfying to see trucks around you get pummeled to their doom and explode right as you fall into another cluster of trucks. No regrets.8.5/10Would jump trucks again"
,Recommended,397950,25732814,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yukon,"An extremely fast-paced parkour game about hopping across from truck to truck to the goal. How hard could it get?*Smashes keyboard in half*After playing the alpha for hours and hours, I found myself extremely delighted by all the new levels and the new feel of the game. A must play for anyone who loves stupidly fast-paced action!"
76561197997332099,Recommended,397950,30690659,Posted: 23 March,all,villmann,"There's an crash report where it says: The crash report folder named ""2017-03-23_192348"" next to game executable.Can you fix it?, I'd loved if you would do that, cheers.Also great game <3"
76561198207881300,Recommended,397950,31046162,Posted: 9 April,all,Un5taBle cs.money,its good
76561198295981240,Recommended,397950,31011295,Posted: 7 April,all,DoodlePenguin,"I STRONGLY recomend this game. The graphics are beautiful and it even runs on a computer that cant play games without dieing. I dont know why but i nearly jumped out of my seat while soaring through the air.... all i have to say is that you, yes you reading this, should buy the game.wow you read this far? well done"
76561198296216815,Recommended,397950,29456136,Posted: 23 January,all,vVFlameboyVv,Its a Nice game
,Recommended,397950,27136891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LᴇxGᴀʟ | Trade.TF,"~The Floor is Lava ~~~~~▄▌▄▄██▌████████▀❍▀▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀~~~~▄▌▄▄██▌████████▀❍▀▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀~~~~▄▌▄▄██▌████████▀❍▀▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀~~~~▄▌▄▄██▌████████▀❍▀▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀VROOM! VROOM! VROOM! VROOM! VROOM! I'M IN ME MUM'S TRUCKYOU’VE BEEN HIT BY THE|^^^^^^^^^^^^](ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧|KAWAII TRUCK | ‘|”“”;.., ___.|_…_…______===|= _|__|…, ] |............”(@ )’(@ )”“”“*|(@ )(@ )*****(@♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ONCE U BEEN HIT, U HAVE TO HIT 8 ♥♥♥♥ING KAWAII♥♥♥♥♥PEOPLE. IF YOU GET HIT AGAIN YOU’LL KNOW YOUR REALLY SO ♥♥♥♥ING KAWAII IT'S SO ♥♥♥♥ING SUGOI PEOPLE WILL♥♥♥♥♥♥THEIR PANTS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥BRICKS AND YOU WILL BE THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING LORD OF THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING KAWAII! IF YOU BRAKE DIS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING CHAIN, YOULL BEE CURSED WITH UN*KAWAIINESS AND SHITINESS FOR 9000 YEARS SO PAS EET; HIT WHO EVER YOU THINK IS KAWAII"
,Recommended,397950,25732623,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Derk,Like Dark Souls with Trucks!!! Just beat the game and it's a must buy for those looking for a fun challenge. 8/10
,Recommended,397950,25842796,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,PupperoniPizza,Oh oh oooh ohOh oh ohI'm fallingso i'm taking my time on myRiAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
,Recommended,397950,25771596,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Marshadow770,"Cluster♥♥♥♥ is a game which is a spot on simulation on what hell is like. You're a trucker who has been sentenced to hell, however he has found a way out, but satan found out about his plan early on and sent a truckload of trucks after him, and he must use the trucks in his favor to get out, because satan also made the floor lava and he can't touch it. Along the way, he gathers ""skill points"" (which are actually souls) and can use them to buy certain equipment to help him on his way out. The game's realistic graphics make it feel as if you're actually in the spot of the trucker, and you're trying to escape hell. (SPOILERS) At the end of the game, you escape hell, only to find out that your family has been killed in a truck accident. Then, you grow a hatred for trucks and the game fades to black, leaving you to decide what's next. Will he destroy every truck? Will he let it go? It's all up to your imagination.Overall, I give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,397950,25744955,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,I get bored quickly,"I DID NOT RECIEVE THIS PRODUCT FOR FREE, MY MISTAKE01001101 01101111 01110100 01101000 01100101 01110010 00100000 01010100 01110010 01110101 01100011 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01000001 01110111 01100101 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101"
76561198074152518,Recommended,397950,28450264,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SpEd Boi,"I think this is the first time a I have genuinly left a review just because I like the game so much, The music is great the physics are awesome and funny as ♥♥♥♥ at times, although the last level is a bit frustrating i had so much fun with this game 10/10"
,Recommended,397950,25773191,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Memebender,I was told Dark Souls was the hardest game.They were wrong.
,Recommended,397950,25782340,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,MartianTale,"Are you good at Genji in Overwatch? If you answered yes, you'll probably be MLG pro status at this game."
,Recommended,397950,25728930,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,drWoof,> Jumped on some trucks in the middle of the nowhere> Almost died> Came house> Played ClustertruckThe game is pretty good.
,Recommended,397950,25775762,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[LiS]iforgotwho⑨,"Trucks honk, sometimes honk honk. I like honks. Honk.Sometimes meeps but no one cares about those.Oh yeah, the gameplay is good too."
76561198320161913,Recommended,397950,28971631,Posted: 3 January,all,Atlas,cool xd
,Recommended,397950,29943692,Posted: 15 February,all,Warrior_G,"If you like rocket jumping in TF2, this is the game for you!!!(notice how it rhymes)"
,Recommended,397950,28847454,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cameron,ｆｕｃｋｉｎｇ        ｒａｄｉｃａｌ
,Recommended,397950,29908110,Posted: 13 February,all,doggerino,it's pretty funyou jump on trucksgo fastuse abilities (or not i don't really care)yeah it's good
,Recommended,397950,31151421,Posted: 15 April,all,BluishGreen,10/10Pros:you can jump on trucksAnti-gravity ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tCons:Doesn't line up with my personal beliefs
,Recommended,397950,26516800,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,cloudy,"Has anyone ever wondered when whatching a pyrocynical video, Damn that looks like a fun game i gotta get it.in all seriousness though its really ♥♥♥♥ing fun and fustrating9/10 1 off because- if a truck is tilted slightly on its side you can slide on it and go super fast and lose controlandyou can sorta clutch onto the back of a truck and do a mega jump by holding space and w when doing so, which makes it very hard to land acurately.Acutally 9.5/10 cus those ^ can be the clutch moments that win you the level"
,Recommended,397950,28645827,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jayva,Most stressful game I've ever played.
,Recommended,397950,31372999,Posted: 26 April,all,TeleportaL,"Really fun game, kinda short for it's price if you're good at it though. Beat it in 100 minutes but had a lot of fun."
,Recommended,397950,31189598,Posted: 16 April,all,cola,"Budget Mirror's Edge, but only flying trucks landing on top of each other instead of buildings. Also better than Mirror's Edge."
,Recommended,397950,31655790,Posted: 9 May,all,MulletDGAF,"Clustertruck is fun, easy to play, and frustrating (in a good way). Above all else: its realistic. Like super realistic. Especially Level 3.8. This game is cool."
76561198041189100,Recommended,397950,31228257,Posted: 18 April,all,Fat black kid with ebola,good ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,397950,31514860,Posted: 2 May,all,Skiggerbog,"This is a great game, but if your computer is really bad like mine, don't get it. If you have a nice computer, I would highly reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,397950,25833457,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,RunawayDanish,"Clustertruck is a fantastic idea on paper. You scoot around at incredible speed and jump from the backs of one truck onto the next truck. The Trucks behave somewhat randomly, and explosions and truck crashes happen.However, I found the gameplay loop to be predominately about repeating mundane jumps over and over again hoping that the truck RNG allows one to be positioned somewhere you can go. Even in the earlier levels trucks randomly swerving sideways without warning (while you're droping onto them), sudden truck pileups on even the slightest obsticals, and my personal favorite of the player's momentum not working quite properly as they slide right off of the truck they tried to land on, all contribute to a solid MEH experience.Frustration is based almost entirely on two factors: 1. not being omnipotent about the level design coming ahead (leading inevitably to a repeat) and 2. The RNG stranding you on a truck that is driving off map into the far distance or directly into a game ending obstical.The platforming is floaty but rewarding at first, and the difficulty creeps upwards at a modest pace. However, the RNG is what determines a good run vs a bad run, and you're going to have levels where you repeatedly end up playing again and again and again. Sliding around, falling in gaps, and hitting questionably sized hitboxes on obsticals leads to many repeats and it starts wearing out the game's intial charm very quickly.There is an Upgrade system, however you'd need to play enough of the game at a decent technical proficiency and with good RNG to successfully get any of the upgrades within your playtime. Also, the Double Jump is just pathetic. Aside from that, it appears that the online leaderboards are jacked up- or I didn't get far enough to unlock the ability to have a clear time of literally 00:00:00.000.In short: Floaty platformer with indie charm that relies too heavily on RNG to make its rudimentary platforming interesting. Upgrades contribute to some continued enjoyment, but the game itself is mostly cute rather than serious about keeping its playerbase. If rated on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being nonfunctional garbage and 10 being some kind of gaming revolution, I'd give it about a 4. It's not offensive, but just doesn't seem to work that well for anything beyond the charm of RNG-AI Truck Based Platforming."
,Recommended,397950,29909252,Posted: 13 February,all,Rose,Final boss is the best thing I have ever seen.
,Recommended,397950,29730643,Posted: 5 February,all,dap2002,When I first saw gameplay of this game I thought it was ridiculous. It is. But it is unlike any other game I've played before and is very fun to play.
,Recommended,397950,29909884,Posted: 13 February,all,Half a Pint,Memeulous sent me
76561198045457942,Not Recommended,397950,33866794,Posted: 28 July,all,Chris10023,"Clustertruck is a physics based platformer where you jump from truck to truck as fast as you can without hitting the floor, that is, until the final level where the game changes pace for absolutely no reason at all by adding in a boss fight that didn't need to be in the game at all, the game goes from fast paced jumping acrobatics to pin point standing jumps. Some Dark Souls Bosses are easier to beat than this boss is. Can't recommend this game for the random boss at the end of a game I would have recommended had it not have been added to the game to begin with."
,Not Recommended,397950,25829625,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Wolf,"The game is a lot of fun, but it gets repetitive very quickly and it is NOT worth the $15 price tag."
,Recommended,397950,34751759,Posted: 5 September,all,shronk,g̲͈̯̫͕̦̺̬̬̤̺̼͔͕̙̦̻̰̬̗͚͖̹̖͓̗̝̰̯̟̜̯̰̳͍̦̠̰̮̩̰̫̫̘̳̙̣̟̬͚͔͔̠̦̙̻̫̪̭̫͍̰̼̼̳͈͓̱͚̙͖̯̭̪ͅͅo͈͎̳͈͙͚̗͉̘̖̹̖̘̫̘̠̩͇̲̫͖͕̮͇̮̱̙̺̖̰̖̺̗̥͉͙͎͚̱̦̠̰̠̩̼̖̭̥̤͚͈͈̭̼͙͕̰̻̟͕̟͚̘͈̫̙͔͍̙̩̝͎͙o̩̬͎͉̠͉̣̗͖̘̦͕͍̳̮̜̱͇̜͙̙͔͉̻̪̰̺̩͖͓̠̼͕̝̳̺̦̘͖̳̥̮̝̺̙͕̣͔̱͍̯̻̯̺̤͇̹̬̬͙̰̭͖̩͓̺͙̝̦ͅd̼̪̻̪̩̰̤͚͖̠̗̰̬̳̯̘̥̫̳̯̲̮̗͈͈̪͓͎̠̜̹͍̭͇̣͔̤̳̻̦̬͙͕̤͚̞̠͍̻̰͕̥̲̱̜̰̹̙̻͙̖͚͖͚͙̰͖̟̳̟̯̰̩̣͍̪̬̫͓̘͕̱͙͇̬̪͉͉̗͉̗ͅͅͅ ͎̩̤͇̭̖̫̞͎̲͙̖g͍̬̠̟͉̭̳̫̦̘͕̠̩͔͕̦̜a̼͕̹̭̠̻̥̙̞̠̭̫͚͇̗̠̝̤͖̹̞̩͍̙̮̯͉̫̰̙̗͈͓̩̙̳̭͇̝̣͉̩̲͖̜͓̭̖͎͙m͔͕̗̜̝͖̟̘̜̤̼̜̟̳̝͚̯̞̱͈̠̩͖͎̮̙̝̞̱̞͎̼̻̯̳͍̦̥̰̦̙̦͙͓̻͙̱͙͍̭̯͇͍̪̲͉͖̰͇͙̫̞̜ͅͅḙ̳̮̜̲̗̥̖͉̠̤̭̝̩̺͇̮̯̬̠̠͈͈̝̜̥̝̣̰̜͔͙̼͍̯̖̞̩̟̜͖̱̹̹̣̥̣̬͚̯̖̼̦͔̳̪̘̤̝͔͇̲͇ͅ ̺̖͎̲̳̯̗̙̣̜͓͖̭̩̩͙̞̣͚̩̝͎͇̜̳͔̤͎̘͚̳͍̻͚̣͎̭̠̝̯̖̠̰̟̯̪͖̫͓͉͓̫̻̠̼̹̲̘̮̟͈̳̱͚͕͈̩̣͈̥̭̪̜̼̰͚̱̤͚͕ͅͅi̱͖͖͙͈͕͔̞̪̦̻͎͙̫̘̠̤͉͓̘ ̭͉̹̞̖͓̬͕̱̘͔̙̫̟r̠̲̻̰̮̺̞̠̯̞͎͓͔͈͉̱̯̝̬̰͖̘͖͈͕̬͙̣͖̜̬̮̖͖̱̟̫̱̟̝̙̳̝̲̩̻̝̦̥̦̲ͅa͇͔̼̫̙͉͙̜͚͕̻̦̘̜̺̳̝̪̝̖̦̳̣̝͔̺̤̻͎̮̙̬͚̖̞̖͖̟͕͇̭̱̝͉̺̰̖̟͈̣̟̺̜̗͙͉̟̱̺̠̘̦̺̳̣̰͈̲̮̙̱̺̠̣͇̱̮̠̠͖̰̝ͅͅͅͅt̩̫͔̺̩͍͎͎̬͕̘̤̫̜͉̣̭̞̳̭̹͈͍̫̱̙͖͙̝̙͔̰̬͕̯̹̦̱̭͚̩̰̬̱̦̰͙̬͔̰̲̥̻̞̜̜̫͖͚͎̪͈͖͓̲̫͙̠͈̣̣e̱͖̰͖̲͎̪̯̰̭̟̼͓͕̤̝̞̪͔͈̤̤̤͈͎̻̤̬̱͍̬̼̻̣̩̜͖̳̥̼̭͈̩͇̩ͅͅ ̹̤͉͖̺̗̠̠̼̰̫͕9͕͙̟̰̥͚̤̜͖̙̫̩̮̤̹̦̳͚͎̬̫̰̳̯͕̭͕̝̼̝̭̤̟̫̫͚̩͕̗̦̖̪̥̯͕͍͇̣͚̟̼͙̼̦̭̺͔̥̥͓̺̙̻̪̝̱͚͕̜̖͕̥̰͉̜͕̰̗̙ͅ ̯̥̣̘̩̤̻͕̤̹̻͕̱̘͔̺͈͓̩͓̝̪̞̳̫̮̯̥̺͚̫̘͖͙͍̣̖͓̥̘̥̩̥͔͚̬͎̰̺͔̻̤͙̖̠͚̪͈͍̯͓̯͖̠͓̱̝͕̱͚̺͖͎̭̪̳̣̭̫͎̦͍̜̰̲͎̦͉̖̗͇͔̼͖ͅͅo͇͔̹̙̙̬̹̝̳̹̮̹͚̲̦͉̭̮̭u̮͍̯̥̠̳̞̥̗̪̗͕̠̹̜̲̤̻̯̗̗̮̱̜̘̹̞̣͕͖̖̭̫̝̳̣̻̦̖͉͇͉̜̝͔͕͙̜͕̗̯̠̗̟̣̩̳͇̟̦̙̩̬̲͎͓͓̪̬̼͎͚̰͕̣̲̹̺̜ͅͅͅt̮̗̫ ̭͔͔̭͕̬͍̙o͈͔͓̠̮̼̝̲̬̫̻̘͓̝̺̦͖̱̳̰͕f̼̼̙̳̻̩͖̙̻͕̩̱̣͔̙͈͚̗͈̱̮͚̰̣͖͍̯͈͎̖̱̮̙͕̻͔͕̜̠͙̳̩̼͙ ̼̩̫̯̠̯͖͇̘̣̜̖̝̤̫̲̫̜̤̲̣̦͖̘̼̣̘̟͓͎͎̠̦̥̮̤͈̦̫̻̳̺̣̳̰͖͓̙̜̤̳̪̺͓͈̣ͅͅ1͇̟̹̺̱̰͙̝̯̮̝̪̤̹̙̫̬̝1͚͇̼̝̤͖̟̟͙̣̯͎̜͎̣̤̜̲̥̬̺̺͍̝̳͙͚̖̺̦͖̹͓̝͇͔͚͇̬͚͚̳͕͎̺̜͙̤̘͍͖̺̰̬͎̹̺͉̫̩̦͈̖̝̠͔͔͎͉̞̥͙̹̤̼̰̮͔̼̻͍͙̱̙̬͖̖̼̙̦͍̩͙̟ͅͅͅ
76561198121658472,Recommended,397950,32206339,Posted: 5 June,all,destroyer kittenz,ADDICTING SO ADDICTING
,Recommended,397950,25805686,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SaNTa,Very fun and challenging game! Easy controls and overall good graphics!
,Recommended,397950,25731027,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SluttyEwok,makes me mad. 10/10
,Not Recommended,397950,25956345,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Reggie,"If you own a macintosh, do NOT go to 1080p. Nothing will load, you are pretty much screwed."
76561198013292214,Recommended,397950,25734399,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rally Flag,"I can only assume that I keep playing this game for one of two reasons:1. I hate myself2. I won't let this game beat meBut when you finally beat that level that you've been stuck on for so long, it all feels worth it. Recommended!"
,Recommended,397950,25829573,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kryptical,"Fun game, quite addictive.However, I have just filed for a refund.I completed the game with no abilities in under an hour and a half.Not enough content for £11"
,Recommended,397950,29301318,Posted: 16 January,all,ERROR_X2™,"Really fun , good time waster."
,Not Recommended,397950,30066395,Posted: 20 February,all,Eisenmonoxid,"This would be a fun game if it wasn't such a chore to play. It is so random that you often lose because of stuff you can't even influence. For example: You loose because the trucks get pushed away by some spikey hammer thingy. Next time, same conditions, the trucks somehow manage to be faster and so they don't get pushed away. You can't really ""learn"" the levels, because almost every time you play it something is different. If you like this concept, this is the perfect game for you. For me, it wasn't.Also, it runs on Unity Engine, which manages to ♥♥♥♥ up your framepacing no matter how good your hardware is."
,Recommended,397950,25742981,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Arctic,Beautiful.
,Recommended,397950,26256349,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Frosted Waffle,This game is a must buy for 15 dollars
,Recommended,397950,25740888,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MrMeatballGuy,"THIS GAME IS GREAT!!!my only problem is that, all the white in this game makes me slowly loose my eyesight when i play it for too long."
,Recommended,397950,25761125,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ronald_D_D,SUPERTRUCK IS THE MOST INNOVATIVE FIRST PERSON TRUCK JUMPER I'VE PLAYED IN YEARS!
76561198084075176,Recommended,397950,25742964,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Need Boost!,"i played through  this game twice during the alpha, and it was a blast! now i feel like its the same game, but with a LOT more content and a LOT of polsih! LOVE IT! best game of the year so far.HIGHLY recomend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,397950,25777398,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Maltress,"Very nice, i like to jump on trucks."
76561198063656012,Recommended,397950,28942921,Posted: 2 January,all,Happy,This should get an award for how oringinal it is.
,Recommended,397950,30643902,Posted: 20 March,all,Yumslum,"you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
76561198236515742,Recommended,397950,26225834,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,MADD Gamer,Really fun game that adds challange to any collection of parkour games. 10/10
,Recommended,397950,30318688,Posted: 4 March,all,SelfNeglect,literally hellbut in a good wayuntil you get to actual hell
,Recommended,397950,30354451,Posted: 6 March,all,Pikachu,"(Bug) Title of bug-purple screen (message) .Hello I found a bug/glitch that makes the game unplayable. When the game starts it shows a purple screen that makes it unplayable. To the developers: Can you get rid of the bug? It would really help me and be appreciated! :D thanks!.  As a note, I do really enjoy this game. It is very exciting and the levels progress well throughout the game. I bought this game whilst it was on sale. I am not sure I would have paid regular price for it but at half price it was certainly worth a shot."
,Recommended,397950,25867715,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,FNaTiKFanTiS,"HI love the game. honestly my faveroute game this year on pc and mac but just 1 problem. Every time i exit the game i loose all my upgrades except the ones ive got, if anyone has tips or fix pls reply"
,Recommended,397950,29427160,Posted: 22 January,all,icarus,"Good amount of content, leaderboards, and about 10 x 2 abilities to experiment with. Has Steam Workshop integration to play when you  beat the normal game and want more! also has easy to use Level Editor."
,Recommended,397950,34723995,Posted: 3 September,all,Angelika,I've complete every level except the very last level (the 'boss' level) and I can say with confidence that the last level is about 69x harder ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) than the rest.
,Recommended,397950,25801473,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,fuzzyshade02,"I have watched so many people play this game and it seemed like it would be the most fun thing to play, but when I bought and tried to play the game myself, it lagged to such a point I had to shut it down with the task manager."
,Not Recommended,397950,29261985,Posted: 14 January,all,Saobie,"The problem is its TOO chaotic and unpredictable. You cant learn a strategy to beat a level, it more or less falls down to luck and in the moment thinking.Apperantly i lack both, because im not very good at this game. Its a wonderful concept, but not for everyone. Youll rage a lot if your not totally ok with losing to utterly random circumstance a lot. And im not.I do recommend it to anyone who likes the random and chaotic factors, so long as you keep in mind that its so random infact, that replaying a level is never going to be the same and the same path or timing will not always work. Its just too random---Going to add to this after playing a bit more---Its not entirely that the game is too chaotic, its that the player isnt given enough control over movement to respond to the chaos. You move SO much faster forward than any other direction, giving you virtually no control on anything except speed. Which is odd, because while you get extra points for doing it fast, the game tries very hard to force you to adhere to specified timings. Like in the Laser world with the one with the walls on th right and the laser walls moving. You simply cant force your way through, you HAVE to adhere to a timing schedule, at least with low tier abilities.Then theres that the timing isnt always consistant. The same trap might not activat at the time it did last time. Infact, in 5-10, with the 4 pushers, it seems to be random which of the 4 activate. For the longest time it was the first on the left, so i adjusted and started going for the right. As soon as i did that, it was the pusher on the right that would activate. And then id ither stop trying to go so fast or go faster and its as if the traps respond accordinly as to always conflict me in some way. Just no way around it. And that WOULD be fine, if we had more control over movementThen theres those times, albeit rare, where th friction seems... cheaty? Like youll jump and mak a solid landing, on the middle of the truck, and then slip off the back or somthing. Its like the trucks are made of glass and you just slide.So yea. Lack of movement, odd inconsistant timing on traps, nothing really stays the same. No real learning curve, sorta just leave it to luck and try your best i guess.Wonderful concept and not an awful game. Just needs to be polished more and not seem like im being cheated sometimes"
,Recommended,397950,34798601,Posted: 7 September,all,Flying Panda,"Worth every cent, can play both 'seriously' to get a good ranking and casually at the same time."
76561198157250645,Recommended,397950,34838379,Posted: 9 September,all,Lukahart hellcase.com,"Great game , fun to play when in queue for other games ."
,Recommended,397950,31651841,Posted: 9 May,all,LittleKasai,Well I am one of the top players in the world at ClusterTrucks and the amount of hackers in the top 10s to 20s makes it really impossible to showcase just how good you are on every map I have a top 100 score and I absolutely love this game. Please add more levels.
,Recommended,397950,25740192,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Theory Of Madness,Best anti-drunk driving commercial I have ever seen.
,Recommended,397950,34849113,Posted: 9 September,all,PizzaLovingNerd,"This game is pretty fun.10/10,Would recommend to anyone who likes singleplayer games."
76561198164145463,Not Recommended,397950,30105081,Posted: 22 February,all,Aaronamourius,"This game simply doesn't get harder, it gets easier then harder then a level you will 100% beat on the first try and sometimes level you will die in at least once because something happens you can't know is coming, not fun and the controls aren't that good either."
,Recommended,397950,25864545,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Cool Cat,It filled the truck-platforming hole in my heart. An excellent challenge with a lot of fun mechanics.10/10
76561198351601226,Recommended,397950,34082732,Posted: 7 August,all,Lfcluket123,all you really need to know is DURV plays it...... enjoy!!!!
76561198135902741,Recommended,397950,25728718,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,TheSchumpie,very good game..but in the main menu everything runs at 2 fps so maybe a fix for that?but its still ♥♥♥♥ing awsome
76561198071616690,Recommended,397950,33005031,Posted: 29 June,all,Prognoz,"I think the standard price is a bit steep but if you're willing to pay up or get it when it's on sale, you won't regret it. Simple yet so addicting plus i see a lot of replay value in this."
,Not Recommended,397950,31325817,Posted: 23 April,all,>--> RANGED,"This game is fun. Sadly it's very very badly executed.The game is very unstable, crashes very often (especially at start up), terribly optimized, power-ups glitch out often. The game is fun to play, if you select some fun power-ups (or none is possible too) to make it a bit harder... If your power-ups work ofcourse... This game is the most unstable, buggiest, and laggiest game that I've every played. Music is terrible too.Do I recommand this game?No, atleast, not for the full price. The game is just too unstable and laggy. If it's on discount and you like parkour, just buy it, but otherwhise I don't recommand buying it."
,Recommended,397950,25922575,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,henzo800,Buy It9/10Good gameFunMemorable levelsChallenging
76561198225630484,Not Recommended,397950,34151546,Posted: 10 August,all,jbednarz2007,ive tried everything and it wont even take me off a white screen
,Recommended,397950,28501184,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sir Gander,"If you've wanted to feel the feels of jumping from car to car like superhero/anime character, I implore you to play this game. Every attempt is a truly a haiku. It's not a super involved game either, great way to spend 30 minutes if you don't know what to play."
,Recommended,397950,28992278,Posted: 3 January,all,SKANKSPANKER,this game makes me hard as truck
,Recommended,397950,25780582,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Totally Not a Spy™,Spent more time on the final level than on the first 5 worlds combined.10/10 Would die toSatanagain.
76561197972364092,Not Recommended,397950,33380603,Posted: 8 July,all,Lockey,"While I love the idea, the execution of this game leaves me quite dissatisfied. The main problem for me is just how random this game is. You will die many cheap deaths until the dice roll just the right way. Sometimes levels even turn unwinnable as trucks get stuck and there is literally no way to get to the finish. Sure, you can get through by trying over and over and over, but I don't feel like I'm actually getting better through practice or that the game is teaching me how to play it better.Plenty of people seem to like the game as it is, and I don't want to say this is a bad game. On the other hand I didn't enjoy my time playing Clustertruck and would rather play something else."
,Recommended,397950,26015989,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mzn,"A game focused on parkour and catering to speedrunning, and it's extremely fun. Will keep playing it and practicing to become faster, I really enjoy trying to get top 100 on all the levels. Plan on eventually doing full game speedruns.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv7tD5oSmn4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEiTVDTFvak"
,Recommended,397950,25733914,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Chump,"Havent even completed my first hour of this game and its already sucked me in. loving it to bits and couldnt ask for more so far, just got me some ablities and they are awesome. Love the work, keep it up"
,Recommended,397950,28132945,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[LoG] WordSlice,YEAAAAAAH This game rocks. +100000 points for Twitch integration.
,Not Recommended,397950,25952917,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,RecklessDwark,"Beat the game twice, not worth the money for the amount of game there is, wait until it is on sale for $5 or less"
76561198100435257,Not Recommended,397950,32949778,Posted: 28 June,all,GeneralClayman,"I am keeping this short because my playtime is also short.I dont recommend this game to people who want to play a hard game and think it is hard because it is made that way or because of some levels seem to be incredibly hard to beat [I said hard way too many times in 1 sentence].When I played this I did enjoy it However the problem with the game being challenging is that it isn't hard because the levels are hard to beat, it is hard because the trucks are incredibly unpredictable.You are only able to beat the levels if the trucks below you are at the place you expect them to be. I beat 2 worlds and was playing a few levels for the 3rd and the only reason I died over and over in a level was because of a truck randomly increasing its speed 10x fater, braking right before I landed ontop of it, going sharp left or right before being able to stand on it. In my opinion the trucks are too random to play with, even after obtaining the grappling hook this problem still occures.If you don't have a problem with becomming salty as hell because of dying on the same spot 34 times by a truck doing something a truck would do ignore this review and buy the game."
,Not Recommended,397950,29666456,Posted: 3 February,all,Fakka ॐ,"I wanted to like this game so badly, but I just cant.I get frustrated so much by the incoherent and completely batshit decisions the dev took in the design.Why make a laser world where you can literally have an optimal path everytime, next to worlds where sometimes the whole frontline of trucks gets wiped out. Why the competetive stance with the HUGE RNG Elements. Am I ment to have fun or to be fast, in most levels I dont feel like either is the case.There are multiple levels that just punish you for being fast, theres alot of hitboxed that are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, most of this just does not make sense. Its not one game, its 2 1/2 different games that happen to be aligned in the same title.Also what the ♥♥♥♥ is the gate in the medieval world, come on.If you are a filthy casul there is nothing that speaks against this game. If you wanna try to see how crazy fast you can go, I dont think you will have a good time. On the next one, pick a philosophy and stick with it. Its nice to have different locations, its not nice to go from competetive to rng-fun to competetive. Why put the really boring laser world next to the medival ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fest, I cant even."
,Recommended,397950,29913766,Posted: 13 February,all,Rat,Bought this game thinking it was eurotruck simulator.
,Recommended,397950,25818531,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,quirky bird,no mans sky done right
,Not Recommended,397950,33631885,Posted: 18 July,all,The Son Of A Man,getting totally random lag on evga geforce gtx 980 classified
,Not Recommended,397950,25870257,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SUPER SCARY Pinicio,"tl;dr: Clustertruck is a 5/10, it’s okay, it’s not good or bad. Levels are mostly RNG-Focused, which isn’t good for a Platformer such as this. It’s also way overpriced at 15 dollars, 10 or less would be far more worth it. Wait until Sale.Gameplay: Clustertruck is a 3D Physics Platformer where you jump from truck-to-truck while avoiding obstacles. The levels get harder and harder as you go advance through each world that has it's own gimmick, such as lasers, cannons, flamethrowers, etc~Music: The soundtrack is mostly synthpop with light electronic sounds mixed in, it fits well as background music. But that’s really all it’s worth for.Art and Design: The design for Clustertruck is very minimal and basic. Levels lack colour in order to not distract the player. However the majority of them are very white, which strain the eyes sometimes and can be distracting if you have gunk on your screen.Negatives: RNG… Yep.Random Number Generation. That’s how Clustertruck works. Each truck is completely random with where it’s going to go most of the time. Most of the traps and obstacles are random too, activating whenever they want. This is aBIG NO-NOfor a Platformer that requires tight movements. The game punishes you for things that you can’t help, such as randomness. This would be okay if onlySOMElevels were dedicated to Randomness. However, the majority of the levels are completely random, which is just annoying trying to learn a pattern for a level just to have your timing ruined by something random going on.Collisions. There’s a few very bothersome collision issues with the trucks and some levels. It’s very common during the Medieval World where the buildings hitbox is bigger than it appears to be. That and it’s also possible for you to get lodged inside the bonnet (That’s the front of the truck for Americans) if you jump as the truck moves over a small bump.Music. The soundtrack, while good background music, is nothing too impressive. It’s not repetitive, which is nice. Although I don’t see myself listening to it casually while not playing the game. But that’s just me. If you enjoy it, more power to you.Positives: Streamer and Youtuber galore!Watching others play this game is sooo exciting and fun. It’s hilarious how popular Youtubers and Streamers react. Even more hilarious when the developers butt in and personally mess with the game while the Streamer tries to figure out what’s going on.The game also has Twitch-Intergration that allows viewers on Twitch to vote for different abilities for each level. Which means that if you’re watching a stream, you can directly affect the Streamer’s game. That’s awesome.The developers are also some of the coolest indie devs out there right now. They're a great bunch of people who know when to joke and how to take criticism from what I've seen. Good on you guys, if you're reading this.The idea of Clustertruck is also a pretty good one. Jumping from truck-to-truck while dodging insane traps, pretty neat!"
,Recommended,397950,30481869,Posted: 12 March,all,Count Cuckula,"Alright game. I'm not really a speed-running fanatic, but I guess most of the levels were like moving puzzles in a way which I'm ok with. What really put me off a bit was that once you start jumping you can almost never stop yourself or much less go backwards. Truck rng is also annoying (trucks veering off-course randomly, giant gaps in-between trucks randomly, etc.). Cool soundtrack."
76561198060517447,Not Recommended,397950,28807483,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MrWowzer,"I'm simply not a fan of this game. Every run is different because trucks do what they want to do and this adds a level of difficulty that is just plain frustrating imo.And if you planned on using a controller in this game, it's rather difficult as you can't move your camera and jump at the same time with default controls or normal hand posture. You definitely need to switch to a bumper jumper type control scheme. Even then, this game is better played on mouse/keyboard.I would not recommend unless you enjoy getting frustrated or people enjoywatching youget frustrated (aka - you're a streamer)."
,Recommended,397950,29022853,Posted: 4 January,all,SuperCarrot555,"SO MUCH FUN!! Super tricky, but you get the hang of it after a while. Loads of great campaign levels, and if you beat those (Or just ragequit them), you can play holiday/halloween/custom levels!10/10 Would Jump On A Moving Vehicle Again."
76561197999647773,Recommended,397950,29936384,Posted: 14 February,all,ErsatzDragon,SUPERTRUCKSUPERTRUCKSUPERTRUCKSUPERTRUCKSUPERTRUCK
76561198287045973,Not Recommended,397950,33434919,Posted: 10 July,all,YRN TakeOff,"2017 game, still can be played with max 60 fps, still shaking images when jumping. they did absolutely nothing while creating this game. no quality graphics; just white trucks, some green areas, you don't even see your body and the end. it also becomes boring after playing half an hour."
,Recommended,397950,25892528,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,XxWestKillzXx,Pros:- Has Trucks- Has Clustering- Randomness- Funky Music- EnergeticCons:- Rage inducing- Minor bugs when starting levels- Leaderboards currently full of cheaters.Overall: THIS GAME IS SO TRUCKING GOOD!!!Beat it in two hours on a livestream. So fun!
,Recommended,397950,25813622,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"""I believe God put me on this planet for a reason, and that reason is Clustertruck™"""
76561198170689503,Recommended,397950,28212373,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mr. Memes,Good game.
,Recommended,397950,33209312,Posted: 3 July,all,baconprison,still better driving than most people in L.A9/10
76561198271979233,Recommended,397950,31107348,Posted: 12 April,all,Icecold,Also knows as Cluster♥♥♥♥
76561198042951795,Recommended,397950,25733168,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,I sat on me mams boner,Game of the year 2012
,Recommended,397950,25967198,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TheDuckMan,"Amazing, I love this game. The campaign may be short but there is a lot of Steam workshop levels."
76561198055563632,Recommended,397950,25841052,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Iskallt,Not recommended for people with ADHD or Asperger. Just saying.Otherwise its a good game
,Recommended,397950,29918708,Posted: 14 February,all,Zapp3r,gyt gyt gyt
,Recommended,397950,29911826,Posted: 13 February,all,Mr. Hippo,"Great Idea, And Game, But Just Gets Me Raging after zone 37/10"
,Recommended,397950,28644293,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Johnny,"I am a truck driver, and I find it pretty close to the real life. Like."
,Recommended,397950,33021312,Posted: 29 June,all,safe,GREAT
,Recommended,397950,26153580,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,bottomless beep boop,>buys shadow warrior 2>30 minutes to get it to work>looks awful and stutters>crashes my pc>refunds and buys clustertruck instead>works instantly
,Not Recommended,397950,29210048,Posted: 12 January,all,lookitslaurs,"No. I can't do it anymore. This sucks so bad.I wanted to give this a good review, I really did. But the crashing isn't worth it. I've tried it to two very different up-to-date computers. A mac with the latest OS and a 32-bit Windows 10. It's very whimsy. One day it works at 40 fps, the next it goes 20fps with some lag, and then it keeps crashing for days on end. And it won't even go above 20fps on my Windows.I don't have a ton of crap on these computers, either. No heavy files on the Mac and the computer hasn't been used to it's full potential. Got a good amount of Ram, nice cpu (for its price anyways). And yet, even with all the other programs I can close closed, IT STILL WON'T OPEN.This game is decent and fun. But the amount of joy I get from it is no where near how annoyed I get about it. Look, it's okay if you made it to work on 64-bit computers. But maybe, just maybe, you want to put that down in the system requirements?I don't care if it's just me. I know it's crashing for other people on all platforms, it's a known bug. It's just more fun to watch someone else play it. Maybe I'll come back to it, so i won't get a refund. But for a finished game I can't get past this bug.But if you can get it to work, then I would say you should buy it... on sale."
76561198129722085,Not Recommended,397950,33663804,Posted: 19 July,all,Mudders,"Great game but too little content, I found myself beating the game in about 2 hours. Also kinda expensive for whats in it."
76561198286778488,Recommended,397950,34318667,Posted: 17 August,all,RAW SAUCE=NO KETCHUP,‍
,Recommended,397950,28634326,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fairy,This game is fun as truck
,Recommended,397950,25739129,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Worato,"Fast, high and crazy!!! what more u need?"
,Recommended,397950,31613235,Posted: 7 May,all,Solid Snek,"The devs bought a physics engine, than made a truck model and went ""thats it, thats the game"". 8/10"
,Recommended,397950,34536381,Posted: 27 August,all,Kachoski🔥🔥💯💯,dank
76561198074286871,Recommended,397950,25731797,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Don Corleone,I like trucks.10/10
,Recommended,397950,30262288,Posted: 1 March,all,Bacon Overlord,You people know a lot about trucks-Doland Trump
,Recommended,397950,26073474,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Deppig,"♥♥♥♥ING BEEEEEEEEST GAEM BATT PLS LOW PRICE PLSPLSPLSPLSPLSPLSPLSPLSPL ..._„„„„¸_...…………………………._¸„„„„_./'.……¯'*~--„…….…………...„--~*'¯…….'\Ì'ì\,.…_¸„--~~-„)…………… („-~~--„¸_….,/ì'Ì...'\¯""¯-¸: : : : : ¯""^-„¸….¸„-^""¯ : : : : :¸-¯""¯/'...…""-,„„¸/' : : : : : : : ¸„„-^""¯ : : : : : : : '\¸„„,-""......**¯¯¯'^^~-„„„----~^*'""¯ : : : : : : : : : :¸-""...........:.:.:.:.„-^"" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :„-"" ""^-„.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : ¸„-^¯:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : ¸„„-^¯ : : : : .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::.:.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;¸„„-~""¯~-„„¸; : : : : : : : \' : : '.::.:.:: :""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯. . . . . . . . ¯'¸ì'*\***""""„-"": ::.:.::.': : : : :""-„ : : :""\ . .Brothers. . /"": : : „-"": : : : :'.:.:.:.: : : : :"" : : : : \, . . .In . . . ,/ : : : : "": : : : :.:.:.: : : : : : :, : : : : :/ . . Arms. . . \: : : : : :,: : : : : :"
76561198148086787,Recommended,397950,33000100,Posted: 29 June,all,MUTE,only playd it cus of pyro
76561198146578643,Recommended,397950,25779715,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,GreatOldOnes,ADDICTIVE
76561198035997588,Recommended,397950,33189120,Posted: 3 July,all,Zwaffeldin,"What's up everyone!I bought this game a couple days ago and i really enjoy it!parkouring using trucks from start till finish, in a ""the floor is lava"" idea.I recorded my gameplay , here is the link :https://youtu.be/UbAGeOYWrxMHope you enjoy the video (and the game if you buy/bought it)Wish you all a awesome day,-Zwaffeldin"
76561198090847415,Recommended,397950,25758047,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Dirty Lil Twerp [Farmskins.com],This game is fun
,Recommended,397950,26153436,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Swanks,wheres totally accurate battle simulator? i was told it came with this game
76561198129393464,Recommended,397950,29129992,Posted: 8 January,all,The Jodran,Im now a pro at mashing the living hell out of my space bar 7/11 to many trucks -IGN
76561198132873808,Recommended,397950,26327207,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,oof ouch owie,Why isnt this game in your cart yet?
76561198093214633,Recommended,397950,25758065,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,King Porter Stomp,Ice Road Truckers on steriods.
76561198048291708,Recommended,397950,29811733,Posted: 9 February,all,tyfufu,one of the best games ive ever played
76561197962320291,Recommended,397950,25758125,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Iverson Snuffer,SUPER MEAT TRUCK BOY
,Not Recommended,397950,25848125,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Matt Xav,"It's an amazing game, but until they fix the last boss battle, i.e. not make it so tedious and difficult, I dont reccommend"
76561198140630148,Recommended,397950,25731761,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Agent K,Fun game but lags a lot.I was just wondering if in a later update could you please have an option for a lower quality rather than just fantastic as some computers can't handle it the lag is reslly bad. Thankyou
,Recommended,397950,30937256,Posted: 3 April,all,ZDanielHallG,Definitley try to play without abilites makes you feel super acomplished.
76561198354218300,Recommended,397950,30863376,Posted: 31 March,all,cerealocelot,"OK, OK, OK, I have to admit... Clustertruck sucks....(almost) APRIL FOOLS!!!!!!!!! I love Clustertruck so much. It is one of my favorite games I've played next to Undertale and Pokemon Sun. It gets you super hyper, so if you're a youtuber, like me, this is the perfect game to play for prep OR on camera! Clustertruck ROCKS!!!!! =D"
76561197991160243,Not Recommended,397950,33274057,Posted: 5 July,all,Cake. Mud,"Great concept, art, and sound - but dodgy performance and physics, and heavy RNG let this game down.Too many levels can easily reach an unwinnable state too easily. Often found myself thown in a different direction just as I jump, or jump over/through an obstacle only to find myself with no trucks to land on (touch anything but a truck and you lose).Upgrades are also overpriced, as they require grinding the same short levels over and over.So much about this game is great, but the above issues ruin it."
,Recommended,397950,30399642,Posted: 8 March,all,ZSS Potato Kun,"Took me 9 hours to complete the Whole game (including the holiday seasons and halloween) and got all of the achievements, 10/10 izipizi winz, but seriously if u like games like these that are challenging then go buy it, if ur gonna rage every waking minute of every waking second and get so furious at the game that u want to fully complete it like me, just save ur money, cuz ur gonna end up completing the game then the achievements and be left wondering if u could of used that time more productivly"
,Recommended,397950,25759384,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,UltimusNexus,This game is a very a very good 10/10 IGN
76561198055535282,Recommended,397950,25833497,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Skeleton Fellow,Yes. What are you looking here for! GO JUMP ON SOME TRUCKS
,Recommended,397950,33621847,Posted: 17 July,all,Speedy:D,"Cluster (you know the rest) Good game btw, it makes you rage till you want to die, but thats whats fun about it."
,Recommended,397950,33600453,Posted: 16 July,all,✩abyss watchers✩,this game cured my depression
76561198271719392,Recommended,397950,27577003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mechazebraking,I am angry I got this game and it doesn't work all the pictures are black and white blocks and Its a couple weeks since I bought it and can't return it I think. I would like my money back in exchange for the game.People check if your computer can run it first so you dont waste money.otherwise nice game! just please steam allow me a refund.
,Recommended,397950,30469480,Posted: 12 March,all,ninjaganon,AMAZING OMG
,Recommended,397950,31086560,Posted: 11 April,all,Non-Stop-Disco,Remember when you went on roadtrips with your parents and you had fantasies of running across the tops of semi trucks? that fantasy is this game on MDMA.
76561198267009851,Recommended,397950,28927012,Posted: 1 January,all,Willmat02,If i could play it i bet it would be fun but i can't play it it will not work for me so i don't recommend this game if you have a bad P.C
,Recommended,397950,25854498,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Bigg Boi,this game is just pure fun. Its not to hard or easy and just works so well and also jacksepticeye played it and its Fu*****BOSS
,Recommended,397950,29704272,Posted: 4 February,all,Porpe,family feud is a family friendly boadcast in which 2 families will compete to name the most objects in a certain category before their time runs out.
,Recommended,397950,30072949,Posted: 20 February,all,Joraffe,Yo they made jumping on trucks fun.
76561198079310843,Recommended,397950,28896379,Posted: 1 January,all,Unknown629︻┳テ=一,Good
,Recommended,397950,28801683,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,AJ,"Screw Mirrors Edge, this just might be the best parkour game of all time."
,Recommended,397950,26143976,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,rockpalmer1,*Watches 3 trucks huddle togetherStill a better love story than twilight
,Recommended,397950,28962998,Posted: 2 January,all,Sparta,Fun but the difficulty of the last stage is quite hellish
76561198303699110,Not Recommended,397950,27593602,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zombiepeepers,"i saw Jacksepticeye play this and it looked really fun, but once i got the game, i recieved the opposite of what i wanted to play. sure the idea of the game and the trailer looked promising, but it is really hard to understand what the settings are, and the graphics are not ""fantastic"". when i launched the game, it was super laggy. also instead of text, i recieved little white boxes so now i dont know what i am actually doing. the controls are hard to use, and overall i am just really disappointed in it."
,Recommended,397950,25792402,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,buildbanner,"This game is ran by the BEST DEVS EVER! They raid your game rick roll you while you try to play its hilarious!! Buy this game! There has never been a single dev like this ever before, DAMN!!!"
,Recommended,397950,26057140,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LittlePerson,Played T.A.B.S alpha then refunded 10/10
,Recommended,397950,28643249,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Send Nudes,"Awesome casual game, u dont need play all the days its CASUAL!, many ways to complete the lvls, and each lvl its more hard than the previous, are u pro or just lucky?"
,Recommended,397950,26963837,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BaconEh?,"This game is amazing! It may get frustrating at some points but eventually, with luck, determination and skill, you will make it through to see and pass under that glorious ""goal"" sign"
76561198308402839,Not Recommended,397950,29976701,Posted: 16 February,all,The_Masked_Apple,"Cluster truck is to laggy for me. There needs to be more graphic options/settings other than ""Fantastic"". Please make more graphic options so some people like me can actually enjoy the game."
,Recommended,397950,28181106,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,im a bubble,lags alot and alooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot
76561198049205062,Recommended,397950,26407479,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Santasleftnut,Amazingly fun game! Video herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gll-Dmq9_DcSome of the most fun I have had in a while. ^^^^^Watch the video^^^^^
,Recommended,397950,28805186,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,water bottle,Trucks.
,Recommended,397950,28888368,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kim Possible,Trucking addictive.
76561198297905777,Recommended,397950,25891620,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Surge,How do I open Totally Accurate Battle Simulator?
,Recommended,397950,25757873,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Game Domain,Watch my review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjWLpzWtlsY
,Recommended,397950,25745427,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Haddock,vroom
76561198107340370,Recommended,397950,25746100,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,dogeM,"Clustertruck is the first of its kind, and it does a great job at doing that.Its a firstperson platformer, so it may seem a bit confusing for a second.The good thing about this is that since you can change where you are looking, it gives the player more options than just ""Oh ill just jump here.""Its a game that definetly different, but is possibly one of the most influental platformers.Not only can you find different options, sometimes the trucks act differently each time, which makes stradegizing important.Do I recommend this game? Yes! Its a great mix that adds alot of fun into the genre of platformers.Overall, I think this game deserves a 9.5/10If not that, then it should be Indie Game of the Year."
76561198318199224,Recommended,397950,30062292,Posted: 20 February,all,Iisgoodatmostgames,Just started playing this game and I love it10/10
76561198090525615,Recommended,397950,30064505,Posted: 20 February,all,MADHEM,"This game portrays the most accurate, lifelike AI for cars in any game to date"
76561198156837568,Not Recommended,397950,26100683,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Darth Anus,"having serious problem whit lag, please fix"
76561198217444871,Recommended,397950,25728890,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,jsbaasi,1. Booted up2. BSOD3. Complained like a little ♥♥♥♥♥4. Found the solution5. Started it up again6. Played 10 levels7. Got rank 1000+ for time taken on all of 'em10/10 would fail again
,Recommended,397950,25729320,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Zennrick,"Extremely well made game!! Really fun to play!My only problem about the game is every now and then there may be a few frame drops, and I'm running this game on a GTX 970, even when I run the game on low settings it still has bad FPS. And the more I play the frame rate becomes worse and worse.But other than that, the game turned out very well and is definately one of the best games of 2016 so far (In my opinion)."
76561198081156656,Recommended,397950,25731135,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,kapperino,neat game
,Recommended,397950,25745385,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,иυɢɢεт,"9/10pls add a ""[save replay]"" button <3.Buy it!"
76561198051618296,Recommended,397950,25745576,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jeff (Formerly Chuck's),bretty gud
,Recommended,397950,25759993,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ryne,"9/10, great mindless speedrunning. It would be 10/10, but the music is cancer to your ears."
,Recommended,397950,27869940,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wSpitfire,SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK SUPER TRUCK
,Recommended,397950,28623100,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Giraffe.exe,"This is a truly awesome game. It made me press the keys on my keyboard 300% harder, the soundtrack is good, and the art style is very fitting. 10/10 would recommend. Please add more levels to the campaign!"
,Recommended,397950,29704333,Posted: 4 February,all,thenintendoletsplayer,It's a cluster of trucks... need i say more?
76561198334266707,Recommended,397950,26001437,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,KurSe211,the hardest most awesome game ever in the 21st century
76561198109691591,Recommended,397950,29302091,Posted: 16 January,all,Go Ahead,dis a cluster♥♥♥♥
76561198254815227,Recommended,397950,29941302,Posted: 15 February,all,PillowMage,"This game made turned me into a flipping super sayain. It turned me into a mentally damaged super sayain who decides to jump on trucks until he finds the one that is Optimus Prime... but still a super sayain, so GG.7/11 would kamehameha again"
76561198060229806,Recommended,397950,25810416,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,seearainbow90,Dope as♥♥♥♥♥♥ That is all. You'll want to steal your mom's credit card for this one.
,Recommended,397950,26048873,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Berdo Snurpo,gg ez
76561198097450993,Recommended,397950,26048008,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,somecallhimalex,I love this game!!! I love the launcher where you can change your resolusion.
76561198084549664,Recommended,397950,25738031,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SomeBerg,"For now There is not enough Content to Buy this Game so dont buy it now, do it when there is more Content.[The Endboss is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,397950,30431864,Posted: 10 March,all,nyah,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa♥♥♥♥RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa♥♥♥♥RRepeat
,Recommended,397950,25791741,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Mono the Cat,Yes.
,Recommended,397950,32875706,Posted: 27 June,all,vulctttt,good
,Recommended,397950,27845337,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kasper,"It's great fun, but I beat the main levels and the seasonal levels in 3 hours. I WANT MORE!"
,Recommended,397950,34516371,Posted: 26 August,all,Slam the Pam,barcelona
,Recommended,397950,25731383,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Qtaffy,A great game for a great price.
,Recommended,397950,34442824,Posted: 23 August,all,S3P1W,"There is an ""abuse"" in world 7 level 8 with the last boost before the Goal where you can gather points with the time slowing.  Just boosting and then slowing time will get you to gather points forever if you feel like it."
76561198338211773,Recommended,397950,34435650,Posted: 23 August,all,Belldawn,"Dont complain if your Amazon or FedEx package comes messy and outdated. If this is the sh*thole that delivery drivers have to go through, then I give them respect for it."
,Recommended,397950,28679030,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SirCoquenballs,Killed Truck Satan. 10/10
76561198187059765,Recommended,397950,25784066,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,zombies32,its am amazing game but i cant play because lag
,Recommended,397950,29267551,Posted: 15 January,all,Eh,aye thats pretty good
76561198191477657,Recommended,397950,29931007,Posted: 14 February,all,NeoRobot,Fun stuff
,Recommended,397950,33167058,Posted: 2 July,all,Dabeth Upon Thy Haters,The game is called ClustertruckBut it's meant to read Cluster♥♥♥♥The devs put a TR on the F in ♥♥♥♥ to make it appear to say Clustertruck instead of Cluster♥♥♥♥The devs did this as a way to be clever with their wordplayThe game is a Cluster♥♥♥♥ but since it has a lot of trucks the devs thought it should be ClustertruckIf the game was actually called Cluster♥♥♥♥ it would be taken off of the steam storeSo no more ClustertruckNaturally the devs changed it to Clustertruck in order to avoid this from happeningSo now the game is called Clustertruck instead of Cluster♥♥♥♥ due to these reasonsIn Clustertruck you have a Cluster♥♥♥♥ of trucksYou hop around on the trucks in the Cluster♥♥♥♥ in the game ClustertruckThe Cluster♥♥♥♥ of trucks in Clustertruck are easy to maneuver at first but later becomes difficultThe game later turns into quite a Cluster♥♥♥♥ when the trucks have obstacles in their path that you must avoidThat is why the game is called Clustertruck
76561198055384417,Recommended,397950,33063849,Posted: 30 June,all,THE TOASTER,"you jump, you sprint, on trucks...  plus a ton of other neato abilities."
76561198310759578,Recommended,397950,34278703,Posted: 16 August,all,CuzImBatman,dis game gud it no have much content but game gud buy now for 1499.99$ and 1 cents plz it supoort make a wish foundation plz? k thanx.
,Recommended,397950,33302538,Posted: 5 July,all,Lewez,"This is very good. It starts off quite easy, allowing you to settle into the controls and then ramps up the difficulty. It takes time to work out and you will struggle to do levels on the first time unless you are very good."
,Recommended,397950,28822209,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Maccredin,"This game is an excellent time killer, and if you want a good challenge it is for youYou will die, a lotBut beating the level that takes forever is very satisfying"
76561198169502185,Recommended,397950,34330721,Posted: 18 August,all,nick crompton csoffer.me,ok
76561198348375210,Recommended,397950,33916094,Posted: 30 July,all,FishFace,Simple but effective.
76561197993781094,Not Recommended,397950,28981548,Posted: 3 January,all,Fontanbleau,"The game isn't worth it at full price. Maybet at half price it is a decently fun game, although the formula becomes stale after a little while."
76561198149430556,Recommended,397950,33693062,Posted: 21 July,all,A Spooky Dead Meme,How much truck can you truck truck truck while trucks truck truck truck doing map trucking truck truck truck truck
,Recommended,397950,26252702,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Nik :D,"♥♥♥♥ing fun. I played the alpha of this game for houuurs, and the full game is at least twice as good. can't wait to learn full-game speedruns :D"
76561198304432330,Recommended,397950,26558013,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Shadopi,Fun Game
76561198001412737,Recommended,397950,25743549,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,august_hhhhhhhhhhh,Awesome!
,Recommended,397950,26176331,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,lol,if you want to get mad this game is for you 10/10 would break my monitor again
76561198263439704,Recommended,397950,26566675,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cheesetouch8,cluster truck is all black and white and i dont know whats happening so for me the game is unplayable
76561198295202966,Recommended,397950,26564467,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Skippycaticus_DaGamer,I heard somewhere that you could get T.A.B.S. if you but this game . . . i bought it and nothing happened. . what do you have to do?
,Recommended,397950,26589813,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Jason todd ( Robin ),This Game is good but it does make me mad somtimes And what im say is its a good game i just get mad somtimes so im rating yes
,Not Recommended,397950,26066124,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,RipperLordUK,"Worked well, but then updated to 64-bit (i did support 32-bit) and it doesn't work anymore."
76561198001054897,Recommended,397950,26211498,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Scott Sterling!,Too much for my blood pressure to handle.
76561198335446776,Recommended,397950,26206759,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,lelandd05,For Soem reason sense the update the texture on my game is broken and veerything looks really strange. I would still recomend it but game develpopers please fix that problem
,Recommended,397950,26229428,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Scanlon,"im trying to get the achievment ""so pure"", u get it by completing the game with no abilities......i using it as an excuse to play the game agin :D"
76561198012714746,Recommended,397950,30363543,Posted: 6 March,all,Overlord Byron,"The universal children's game of make-believe played on car rides, expressed in video game form."
76561198280349205,Recommended,397950,26209691,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Зеленые мальчики,"I recomend this game, not just because it's fun, but to train your reflexes in other w,a,s,d games."
,Recommended,397950,30381006,Posted: 7 March,all,Thunder Katz440,"Super fun and exciting game. It might drive you a little crazy at times, since each run is different, and there are some super meat boy like moments where you have to nail a jump, but such a great buy."
,Recommended,397950,26204244,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,England is my RAINBOWGANG,fun :)
76561198271149650,Recommended,397950,26207682,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Cosmic Chicken,i bought this game when the DLC was on sale so it was $15 in total.  But it did not come with the DLC.  it was a good game though
76561198000943866,Recommended,397950,30271899,Posted: 1 March,all,KingOfNouns,"Super fun, satisfying platformer. If you enjoy fast paced, fluid, movement mechanics in games, buy this."
76561198019299449,Recommended,397950,30325538,Posted: 4 March,all,Skull,"Honestly, a game totatlly worf it. 15 Bucks and i play it all the time. For every1 who loves a good and creative jump and run, this is the right thing. Its so fkn clever trust me. 100 Level full of surprises and the last level damn (no spoilers) JUST BUY IT, its worf it"
76561198348410057,Recommended,397950,30383178,Posted: 7 March,all,EdenKaliva,hi
,Recommended,397950,29910040,Posted: 13 February,all,sean,"Extremely fun game, not much playtime but what you're getting is certainly worth the price."
,Recommended,397950,29926323,Posted: 14 February,all,Sad Owl,This game is really cool.
,Recommended,397950,29908473,Posted: 13 February,all,BlinK.Dotes,musta ♥♥♥♥
76561198137304252,Recommended,397950,29912800,Posted: 13 February,all,ImTheOdd1,"I think this game is vary good I think it is pricey But Its worth about 10 bucks find it on a deal and it would be worth it Its really good in my opion,get it cheep then Thats a bonus"
,Recommended,397950,34746723,Posted: 4 September,all,Chess,This game makes me smile. Out of madness. Well played.
,Recommended,397950,25874092,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SortOfDan,"A fantastic game in terms of gameplay and addictive ""one more go"" sessions... but a bit rough around the edges.I have found a lot of screen tearing and general presentation is a bit basic, but the core of the game is hectic fun platforming, so all in all definitely worth a look!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlW_H4Zt5tY"
76561198292074603,Recommended,397950,25874624,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Alan Zhou,GOOD GAME! 24/7 WHY YOU HATE ME!
,Recommended,397950,25876397,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,qenten05,i recommend this game to gamers who like 3D platforming and parkour its a fun and addicting game it also makes you rage...
,Recommended,397950,25801304,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,尿尿黑鬼,It is Honestly one of the most fun games ever 10/10 Would recommend Again
,Recommended,397950,25800009,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ɢαмвιт,"This mother♥♥♥♥ing game tilts me more than Hearthstone, CS GO and Super Meat Boy combined.....I like it"
76561198314307985,Recommended,397950,29912028,Posted: 13 February,all,bossachewbee,"Dude, this game!!!  It's so fun!  Even though I've just started playing it, I know I'll spend many on it.  At least a 9/10 in my book."
,Recommended,397950,30022297,Posted: 18 February,all,SquidHead123,"Cluster Truck is full of replayablity... It is either irritating, exciting, fun, or disappointing. If you are at all considering buying this game do it :) Cluster Truck is what you make it."
76561198279098091,Recommended,397950,26041525,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mr_ying,"my system is 32 bit but cluster truck is 64 bit ,l am angry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,397950,28691479,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PlayerGrounds and Unknown Battle,"basically bunny hopping with trucks, and a whole lot of fun"
76561198093143619,Recommended,397950,28700606,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Monomon The Teacher,Its loud and painful  Just like the love of my life. 10/10
76561198101565816,Recommended,397950,28701004,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Turnt Bagel,This is a great game for wasting time and raging at. 9/10
76561198295900149,Recommended,397950,28695941,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Thundershock70,Gret game. Its one of my favourites on steam
,Recommended,397950,28698259,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cartolio,Amazing fast paced gameplay. lots of fun 10/10
76561198014647522,Recommended,397950,29614564,Posted: 31 January,all,Chazman401,Pretty lit8/10
,Recommended,397950,25862471,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,no bully,It's the most innovative truck jumper I've played in years.
76561198259440037,Recommended,397950,30340248,Posted: 5 March,all,BritishBacon,Great game that puts you on the edge of your seat!
,Recommended,397950,25729433,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Niggaz be chikkin',"Dank afJump on trucks, be sanic, watch trucks fight other trucks and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Loads of levels and loads of abilities to try in combination.Only problem I can find is that air strafing is different to in CS:GO so I ♥♥♥♥ up a lot.Buy this game right now."
,Recommended,397950,25811692,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,dcuk,when bae says she's homealone
76561198103446629,Recommended,397950,25872736,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Goldin,This game worth every single penny if you like games that just make time fly by..AWESOME!
,Recommended,397950,26740586,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,King Slimload,This is what happens when you don't let Jesus take the wheel.
,Recommended,397950,25731785,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,FlexCloud,"Let me sum up this game in a few sentences.""AHH!""""I WAS ALMOST THERE!""""WHAT?!!?!?!? THERE IS MORE?!?!?!""""WHY DID YOU CRASH?!""'WHY IS THIS SO DIFFICULT?!"">exits game""That was pretty fun."""
,Recommended,397950,25731823,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Fried Chicken Tramp,Words can not describe how much i love this game.
,Recommended,397950,26689052,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sam,This is a fun game...Only issue though.It can get boring after a few hours as there isn't a huge campain (not small though) but this can be solved by playing with friends and going against each other to see who can get the best times.
,Recommended,397950,28618641,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kana,"It's quite much fun, but if you're in the least bit competitive, the randomness of the trucks and some of the stage hazards will start to get really, really grating quite quickly."
76561198223929092,Recommended,397950,28481595,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Delta X,"It's just a great game overall, I've only pored a bit over an hour into it, and I already know I'll be playing a lot more. Laggy as ♥♥♥♥ though, and I can't change the graphics from fantastic so I'm forced to play at 480p."
,Recommended,397950,34565705,Posted: 28 August,all,bonjorno7,probably the best game I've ever played
,Recommended,397950,32794714,Posted: 25 June,all,Zataru,"7/10Really fun First-Person-Jumper. Looking forward to this in VR. Amazing upbeat Soundtrack, not sure how fast it becomes stale though. There is a strong sense of speed and flight in this Game. You can either move on unlocking more difficult courses or try to get a personal best on your favorite one.If you like flying in Half Life 2 or Rocket-jumping in Quake, this is the Game for you.Also there is upgrades to make the harder courses more accessible.There are no loading times & if you die you instantly can respawn by pressing any key (as in Super Meat Boy).Hard to get frustrated, due to the fact that the courses are short."
76561198094581772,Recommended,397950,25759108,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,JustLangford (moe),its really fun
76561198021734854,Recommended,397950,25758879,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Schlepian,Just lots of trucks. and jumping.Perfect.
,Recommended,397950,25770412,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,✦Mr.Pie✦,BUY THIS GAME!!!its really fun and its one of my favourite parkour games everand it isnt laggy for me you just need a good computerbut the bossfight at the end is pretty hard
,Recommended,397950,25758900,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FastCrab,"Played it, on controller. Inverted controls don't work.Then I played it for hours with M&KB and when I finally stop, the game updates with small bugfixes and improvements and also fixes the inverted controls.I had a blast!"
,Recommended,397950,33293694,Posted: 5 July,all,xd,"Great game, probably not worth the value though (I got it for $4 on summer sale)."
,Recommended,397950,25732857,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,oniya,Good game! waiting for it for a long time!!!
,Not Recommended,397950,35501892,Posted: 5 October,all,ESL™ | JackWillis | Driver,I got a refund today because it was lagging all yesterday. I have min and reccomend ram so. Yeah!
,Not Recommended,397950,27641193,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,oof,"This has to be the worst game i've ever played. It crashes, is repetitive and boring, and stupidly overpriced. Dont buy."
,Not Recommended,397950,26310289,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sausagetalk,"It's fun, but far too little content for the asking price."
76561198129409071,Recommended,397950,25728881,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MrBombsti,"This game is the best game ive played in a while, its ridicoulusly fun to just jump around use slowmo to get close jumps and still make it or grapple onto a flying truck to jump from that truck to the next truck into the finish line9/10 i fogort to breathe"
76561198023959298,Not Recommended,397950,29257712,Posted: 14 January,all,Dart Rasen,Awesome game completely ruined by the worst las level I have ever seen. Completely unjustified difficulty spike while adding several new mechanics including a boss fight which was completely unnecessary. The last level was bad enough that I will personally never be playing another thing that these guys make.
,Recommended,397950,25732766,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Prinz Kasper,Pro-Tip: Jump off the sides of trucks for extra height and to keep your speed.
76561198062994737,Not Recommended,397950,25758795,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SnailsAttack,"While clustertruck is an amazing game in itself, it has a huge flaw in one of it's features, that being the level editor.When I found out that this game had a built-in level editor, I was so excited to buy it and start making awesome levels like the ones ingame.However, it was a colossal letdown.The level editor is extremely finicky, buggy, limited, and overall very frusterating and unsatisfying to use. First of all, you can not edit the terrain's shape in any way. You are stuck with either an empty void or a completely flat plane, which you can choose to have one of five colors. (only five?)There are only 4 traps, being the ones from the medieval world and then some sort of tesla coil trap which doesn't actually do anything unless you set it up to perform an action. (however i can't get it to work)However, while clustertruck does fail at most points of the level editor, it IS fairly user-friendly and surprsingly customizable.While I don't dislike this game, I really wish that the level editor was much, much better than it currently is, as I feel that it is one of the most important parts of making the game replayable."
,Recommended,397950,25932073,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Zarnmboi,zarnmboi
,Recommended,397950,25741740,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nebulea,Amazing
,Not Recommended,397950,25918341,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,god,"This game was very enjoyable and fun to play, but certain levels (about half of them) do not fall inbetween fun and challenging, but more like incredibly hard.I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants trying so hard to beat the levels Clustertruck provided me. The game was fun until the levels became impossible. The game lacks variety for a pricetag of $17 CD.Conclusion: How do I download the OST."
,Recommended,397950,25732746,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,soondot,Wow! This game is so fun. Makes you feel likea ninja jumping from truck to truck. So glad I pre-ordered it.
76561198101848008,Recommended,397950,25728663,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,justformagic,"It's simple: You see trucks, you jump on trucks. If you miss said trucks, you rage and try again10/10"
,Recommended,397950,25738406,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hallberg,BONKERS 10/10
,Not Recommended,397950,34138093,Posted: 9 August,all,CarryMePlsThnks,なぜ私は日本人ではないのですか？
76561198294682617,Not Recommended,397950,34636668,Posted: 31 August,all,Mangoose776,"This game is a cool and unique concept and different from many other indie titles, and i like that. what I dont like is the controls.  You are forced to sprint which helps you clear jumps easier, but even when not sprinting the controls are a little too sensative. There is a sensitivity adjustment in the settings, but even at its lowest setting it is still too sensative. I found myself getting tired of it after the second level and unmotivated to play more. the fps is also low so you die. a lot. It is still not a terrible game but for $15 I expect more."
76561198189604122,Recommended,397950,25762995,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Concentration Camp Kenny,best game ever but not that long
76561198244724652,Not Recommended,397950,28621803,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,orangepeel127,the god damn game started and I couldnt see anything so i am ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ probably just my computer but still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198272075592,Not Recommended,397950,26138837,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ClaspingWolf,this makes me mad I have the requirements to play and on world 8 level 4 it lags so bad i cant beat the level i want them to fix this other than that its a great game i would recomend it if it actually worked and didnt lag some levels
76561198033599071,Not Recommended,397950,25882924,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,2akm,*MAC USERS ATTENTION*please we the mac users need lower graphics because we all know macs cant handle much but we got fantastic quality which you can't change and i got almost 6 frames per second in the menu if i was lucky that the game would start in the first place .
,Recommended,397950,30102695,Posted: 22 February,all,Sandwich Jones,"GOTY 2016. No Joke, no doubt. love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,397950,28738830,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,♡ ۜS и å ρ ۜє ۣۜF я ö ѕ тۜY,"The game is very unforgiving.basically if you fail it's either your fault or you suck.and if you do it in a long sesion then you'll have a cramp in you hand like I did.But it's a good game for what it has.it have good graphics many levels,and holiday level and special level.But is it really for it's price?all this for a cramped hand,unforgiveing gameplay,good graphics,very hard levels that need practice,and levels that will be confusing for many people who either don't look it up,or don't look around very much.To answer the question no it's not a game for this price.But if you do like unforgiveing gameplay and have a gosh darn f***ing hell play gameplay.Then go ahead and buy it but I didn't like it as much"
,Recommended,397950,30077304,Posted: 21 February,all,MarlboroMan,SUPERTRUCK! SUPERTRUCK! SUPERTRUCK!
76561198267578664,Recommended,397950,26168410,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Crippling Depression,"Saw the dev post it on 9gag a long time ago looked awesome and its is awesome to play.the controlls are good, takes a while to het used to the momentum, kinda weird in my opinion but thats good.would give it a 9/11 points rating, its fun to play, not too dificult, although i havent played the very last chapter, im gonna record it tho so it'll be fun.really liked see the trolling going on, on twitch, was great a solid 5/8...nah it was good 10/10and the game is fun so i do recomend to get it, worth the price.I do not have a potato but here is a letter to stare atoZe end.MOM'S SPAGETTI"
76561198311499427,Recommended,397950,25763534,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,nigbeur,"I love this game been following it since it was announced on reddit. Found that it was on steam, had to buy it. Not regretting my decision at all."
76561198205560865,Recommended,397950,28927919,Posted: 1 January,all,ThePoopFloop,its gr8 m8 best game of 2016 even tho its 2017 now...
,Not Recommended,397950,32325696,Posted: 10 June,all,Beans On Butter,"The final level is too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g hard I'm never gonna be able to beat it because the game's too much of a b i t c h all the time , satan's a d i c k even with all the abilities I can't get past that level , so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your game."
76561198141043487,Recommended,397950,29099090,Posted: 7 January,all,johnnydino3,Fun... if you have a fast computer. i have an OLD HP laptop and i had troubles playing. would not reccomend without fast computer
76561198217580412,Recommended,397950,33124899,Posted: 2 July,all,Facedampoule,lol xd boi
76561198321903664,Not Recommended,397950,33273037,Posted: 5 July,all,know.way.jose1,i installed it and uninstalled it twice and it still would not work!!!
76561198055465585,Recommended,397950,25813979,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,M A N U   S Q U A D,"ALL RIGHT YOU LITTLE SLIME ♥♥♥♥ERS? THIS IS BOOT CAMP, AND THIS IS NOT GOING TO BE ♥♥♥♥IGN EASY!THIS RIGHT HERE IS NOT A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME FOR♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ OR YOUR GRANDMA WHO WANTS HER HAND HELD AS SHE PLAYS THE NEWEST ♥♥♥♥ING CALL OF DUTY!THIS HERE IS THE HARDEST THING YOU WILL EVER DO YOU LITTLE PISSANT, NOW DROP AND GIVE ME 50!THIS IS A GAME OF SKILL, TIMING, REPETETION AND PAIN!10/10 most painful 10 hours of my life."
,Recommended,397950,28537952,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lil Ass Boi,Don't try this at home.
,Recommended,397950,25728615,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Lexington Steele,THE BEST GAME
,Recommended,397950,29639342,Posted: 1 February,all,BadAimSam,pretty good game id say. could use a bit more content
76561198175630443,Recommended,397950,26147944,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,CRW,A good game but unfortunately my computer is unable to run it lag free so im still on level 1WHY????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
76561198102525444,Recommended,397950,29923739,Posted: 14 February,all,run boy run,"Chaotic, in a good way."
76561198196269977,Recommended,397950,25819694,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DEATHBOW,I JUST LOST EVERY ABILITY IT WANTS ME TO REBUY THEMHELP
76561198336384475,Not Recommended,397950,29968044,Posted: 16 February,all,tangowarrior,if you don`t like parcore games then trust me you wont like this game however you will love this game if you like free runing games like mirrors edge also the gameplay gets reppitive and frustrating
,Recommended,397950,28840308,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Felitero | tipofthehats.org,Great game.Only problem is that the hitboxes and physics are kind of buggy sometimes.This game makes you feel like a badass when you launch yourself up super high into the air.
76561198050063382,Recommended,397950,32823598,Posted: 26 June,all,[IFN] Jazzy [TM],it wont work for mePLZ HELP
,Not Recommended,397950,25849620,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DudelRok,"Had trouble getting a smooth and streamlined experience, and I was not sure if this was due to how the game actually functioned or my computer deciding that this very low spec game was really resource heavy for no reason.I have to admit that I was very excited to play this game, and the first few levels were great fun, but things quickly deteriorated from there. Trucks that collided with obstacles would sometimes stop outright and not follow any kind of physics while others around it would going just fine. The inability to know where I am going started as a learning curve, and then became a matter of either getting lucky or pretty gross trial and error.Controls were strange, too, sometimes working properly (tightly) and being super responsive while other times feeling like I had minimal control over movement and landing.Clustertrucks is in this really weird space where I had fun with it but could not, for the life of me, fully enjoy it for more than about an hour. I hope, in the future, some things get worked out with it's engine, because I would really like to enjoy this game to it's fullest."
,Not Recommended,397950,25776078,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ace,"there is a glitch only on this game when you are trying to start up the game it keeps removing and reopening the ""preparing Cluuster Truck"" steam pop up"
,Recommended,397950,25814208,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,White Guy,Very fun
76561198158123719,Recommended,397950,26434205,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,seifsafety,Rage simulator
,Recommended,397950,29708550,Posted: 4 February,all,Jamez.EXE,f***ing trucks 10/10
,Recommended,397950,26273519,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,telakan paskahuoneessa,Its a very nice game. It sure is fun until you run out of levels to play. I dont play this game constantly anymore but sometimes I come back to play this because its a very nice game as I said.
76561198055015611,Recommended,397950,29923964,Posted: 14 February,all,DOMON *the clenched fist*,The trucks get clustered and you get ♥♥♥♥ed.10/10 - would cluster with trucks again.
76561198325450143,Recommended,397950,25728705,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,GHOSTLYSNIPER09,yassssssss
,Recommended,397950,29913098,Posted: 13 February,all,over-easy eggs,Fun on a bun ^^
76561198142098936,Recommended,397950,34790528,Posted: 7 September,all,| Spicy Rice |,lol worth
,Recommended,397950,32737799,Posted: 24 June,all,Gamer,"Didn't take me long to complete but it is a neat little game.I usually play triple A titles but thought I'd give this one a go and I'm pleased to say it's quite amazing. The unique art-style mixed with the fast-paced action makes for a simply but brilliant game, whenever you ace a level you get a rush and just keep on going.Some of the levels are a bit stressful and feel a bit unfair but overall a make for a rewarding experience.8/10, definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,397950,25868544,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Agent Orange,"Great game! Fun to play, thats all that needs to be said."
,Recommended,397950,25728585,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,K4Rt1k,"I was waiting to play this..and MAAAAAAAANNN its awesome..DAMMMMNNN! Its fun to see people play, but its even more fun to play it. Recommended. 10/10 would jump on trucks again."
76561198164289673,Recommended,397950,32989960,Posted: 29 June,all,Karl Marx,"GREAT ARTSTYLE. GREAT IDEA, UNIQUE. HARD BUT NOT IMPOSSIBLE TO IMPROVE AND PROGRESS. GET THIS GAMEEEEEE!!!!"
76561198529124469,Recommended,397950,28994981,Posted: 3 January,all,jacobtj,hib
76561198011241691,Recommended,397950,29891685,Posted: 12 February,all,Calpurnius777,Equally frustrating as it is fantastic
,Recommended,397950,29846642,Posted: 11 February,all,Mad Vapor,A MUST buy on sale
,Recommended,397950,29460252,Posted: 24 January,all,HairyNippleLover,Under an hour worth of play timeAlready set world record didnt IIt was in a custom mapBut still:)Check my profile screen shots to see what map it was on
76561198084935483,Recommended,397950,25728542,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"As simple as it may seem, jumping over trucks - it  is ridiculously fun. Why?Probably because at the same time it's hard as f*ck and frustrating. Pulling your hair out and at the same time jumping in the air because you went through that magical ""Goal"" sign.Reply value is there because they implement timers/speed runs which is awesome - so there is replay value on each map if you want to beat someone else's time. The map decor is nicely done, deserts, icy tundras, futuristic looking areas.For 14.99$ it's hard to say if it is the BEST price for what it is - I think 9.99 would have been a closer price for this game.I give it a 10/10 - if you want simple, fast, and fun - then get this game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2_s5m1ljVo"
76561197980186686,Recommended,397950,28520536,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TrueChicken,Awesome game! Last level was very weird but i was able to do it haha
,Recommended,397950,28481414,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,"""Lawyer"" Morty",Ever wanted to jump on trucks. This your game.
,Recommended,397950,33219346,Posted: 4 July,all,David-,Only fun when ur baked. but is worth it
,Recommended,397950,25728774,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Message man,"Do you like clusters? Do you like trucks? Then this is the game for you!For real, I recommend this to anyone with a functioning brain and two hands."
,Recommended,397950,26253109,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lolicon Supreme,A hell of a blast to play. Simple yet incredibly complex. The devs are also incredible people and if you haven't seen it already go look up some recordings of streams where the devs invade and take over the stream. For 15 dollars you're getting a hell of a deal and I can already tell this is gonna be one of those games I go back to any time I want to just have good old pure fun with no string attached.
,Recommended,397950,25800594,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TheK9Master,ITS AWESOME AND First?
,Not Recommended,397950,25770214,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tek,"It's great. It's fun. But once you played all the levels, and unlocked 3-4 of the most fun abilities...Well, let's just say the game gets old BEFORE the refund timer is up. I personally don't think I'll refund, because I feel like I got my bang for the buck, but still. Replay value? Not a lot. Otherwise, it'd be a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,397950,34804761,Posted: 7 September,all,Hourseman [Mp],its not worth 17 buackorooooosss
,Not Recommended,397950,25810884,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Spooky Man,"The gameplay is great. However, is not done yet.Its extremely buggy with lots of glitches that let you beat the level cheatingly, and on top of that idiots are exploiting the leaderboard making their time 0:00!And the editor, ugh, the editor. Trucks constantly jitter and dont go where you want them to go, it is limited and just bad in general.Overall game is good but isn't done yet."
,Not Recommended,397950,32785118,Posted: 25 June,all,gotvet,"The concept is really good but the movement still needs a lot of work and the biggest problem of this game is the rng element. In some maps you can just get ♥♥♥♥ed by rng and it is impossible to do the level, which is a gigantic flaw in the map. The makers of the game need to tweak a lot of maps before this game can be taken seriously.It is kinda fun but sometimes infuriating/abnoxious because of rng. So you should wait to buy this game till the developers fix it."
,Not Recommended,397950,28046379,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sam-pie,"pros: nice twitch integrationcons: buggy, gets repetitive pretty fast, lots of levels can be completed by standing on one truck, many levels are based on rng."
76561198062711789,Not Recommended,397950,28689744,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nazara,"well i dont do this a lot but im going to have to say dont buy this game. not that it is a bad idea and heck it's even kinda cool but it isn't executed well, think of this: you are playing Mario and you have to do it as fast as you can but, all the blocks, pipes, goombas, and koopas are in the same area but just move diffrently every life so you have to acount for that aswell as avoiding bowsers fire balls, so in short every time you fail a level something is just a bit different so you really cant speedrun it but if you are slow you are also punished and why i make this comparison because its just random, trucks move at different speeds and directions each attempt your jump hight and speed differs each jump so you cant ever know whats going to happen next, and maybe to some that is a cool thing but to me it is not very good i'd say save your money for a cool game like battle toads ;)"
,Not Recommended,397950,29239138,Posted: 13 January,all,Lazy Joker,"This game is purely made to make me mad and waste money, wouldn't buy this unless 80%, it's fun for the first 2 worlds"
,Recommended,397950,27622586,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kunai with Chain,#LandFallOnTwitch2016
,Not Recommended,397950,29599602,Posted: 30 January,all,[VCR] Saliva,"Good for a few hours of gameplay. Here are some complaints:Controls are honestly horrendous. Movement is highly unpredictable due to the randomness of the movement of vehicles and the existence of momentum and such. Makes strafing side to side a very bad idea sometimes because the speed of your strafe is hard to predict. Jumping seems to be random, sometimes launching you 500 feet, sometimes launching you 50 feet, with no real way of telling how far the next jump is gonna take you.Abilities like the truck capsule are so useless I question why it exists in the game at all. First of all, the truck is completely stationary (landing stationary is something you probably never want to do due to time constraints on the majority of the maps). Second of all, the capsule is a projectile that doesn't spawn anything until it hits ground. Since the truck is always used in a moment of panic, this means you're gonna flick your wrist down and throw it. Except because of how movement works, you are never gonna land straight down. So now in that moment of panic, you have to predict your trajectory and aim accordingly. I can probably count the number of times I have landed on the spawned truck on one hand. I've never seen anyone on a stream successfully land on a spawned truck.So yeah. Movement is unpredictable and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Lots of the abilities have questionable usefulness.But decent for a few hours of play."
76561198309558749,Not Recommended,397950,26107463,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,obsessedgamer101,mine is glichy and it say its 1.09 as the version service can you fix this bug please and i would end up recommending the game for others cause i payed 14 dollars for the game and i cant get past the frist level  cause of glich
,Not Recommended,397950,33156538,Posted: 2 July,all,"Hi, My name is _______",LEVEL 8-8/8-9. NUFF SAID
76561198202646835,Not Recommended,397950,29972944,Posted: 16 February,all,jdchance07,cant play the game at all because it wont play and it is all dark cant see the truks and the words are blocks
76561198132292790,Recommended,397950,25729615,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JohannesTboss,SUPER                                      TRUCK!SUPER                                      TRUCK!SUPER                                      TRUCK!
76561198193921731,Recommended,397950,25864832,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,NoHacksJustSalty,"If you're looking for a positive review, then you're in the wrong place, HOWEVER, if you're here for a tremendous chicken Stir Fry recipe, THEN LOOK NO FURTHER!- Serves 4- 10 mins to prepare and 10 mins to cook- 325 calories / serving- HealthyINGREDIENTS:- 1 orange, zested and juiced- 2tbsp soy sauce- 2tbsp sesame oil- 250g (8oz) tender stem broccoli- 5cm (2in) piece root ginger- 1tbsp sunflower oil- 1 garlic clove, finely sliced- 1 red pepper, deseeded and thinly sliced- 150g Straight To Wok Noodles- 400g (13oz) chicken fillet, cut into thin slicesMETHODStep 1 - Mix together the orange zest and juice, soy sauce and sesame oil and set aside.Step 2 - Blanch the broccoli in boiling water for 2 minutes, then drain well and set aside.Step 3 - Finely shred the ginger. Then heat a large frying pan or wok, add the sunflower oil, heat it until sizzling, and fry the ginger till it's crisp.Step 4 - When it's done, remove with a slotted spoon. Add the chicken and garlic, and stir-fry until just browned. Remove the meat using a slotted spoon and set aside.Step 5 - Add the red pepper and broccoli and stir-fry for around 2-3 minutes until it's just tender. Add the soy sauce mixture, bring it to the boil then return the chicken to the pan and heat through. Serve with noodles."
76561198283735275,Not Recommended,397950,32601319,Posted: 20 June,all,Parlty Penguin,When ever I try to launch the game it always says not responding.
,Not Recommended,397950,30125600,Posted: 23 February,all,claytron5000,"I played for 15 minutes, I doubt I'll do it again. Got it on the cheap, though I might've had more fun at anarcade for the same amount."
,Recommended,397950,25746533,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,KnowledgeMan,"I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door."
76561198280083324,Recommended,397950,26121813,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,TheBigGeek,"Whelp, thats a wate of 14 bucks... the game itself is fun judging by the videos but it didn't start up on my computer..."
,Recommended,397950,25737500,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BOBBYALOPLOP,buy it
,Not Recommended,397950,27266028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jon Arbuckle's Son,the immense amount of lag and start up issues make this game unplayable
76561198133736641,Recommended,397950,25728235,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,mike' rowave,i pre orderd it and played 6 seconds once it came out and it is super fun to play you should btw im the first person to write a review
,Not Recommended,397950,28719182,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CoCo-Nuts,boring
,Not Recommended,397950,28716950,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lordminer27,Its an ok game but its definetely not worth the price
,Recommended,397950,32754283,Posted: 24 June,all,≈BTBgames≈,"okay so I got this game a day before the Steam summer sale, so I bought it for $15 and now its $4.94 if you dont bother to do the math I COULD have saved 10.05 WITCH I could of spent one more games that I really want like South Park Stick of Truth, and being a kid dosent mean I have a source of reliable income I CAN'T get any games because I bought this BUT it was all worth it because this game is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo awesome and it has one of the most random concepts but it is still awesome"
,Recommended,397950,31569252,Posted: 5 May,all,Magmacream187,hgngbgbnhnnnmnmn
76561198264388012,Recommended,397950,26196279,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,noticedscarf829,very good best game of the universe well done landfall games and tinybuild
76561198126406864,Recommended,397950,27316129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MoogicMaster,Buy it!
76561198350000497,Not Recommended,397950,29412785,Posted: 21 January,all,HankDaTank25,It Crashes A Lot
76561198247949502,Recommended,397950,28470784,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Bob the Simple Blob,Send help.Please.
,Not Recommended,397950,28691214,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Crimson Chinchilla,"This game is super frustrating. And not in a good ""Super Meat Boy"" kinda way, more like a ""These Controls are Garbage"" kinda way. I use a controller, but still, not good."
76561198016839749,Not Recommended,397950,28629926,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[SN] Pompilho,"I played it ONE TIME but now every ♥♥♥♥ing time I try to launch the game, It freezes."
,Not Recommended,397950,26033174,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Wolfcro,wait for a deal its not worth £10 their is not much level to get 5 hours at most out off
,Not Recommended,397950,26079539,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,RampagingRice,"Clustertruck is annoyingly hard. It's one of those games that you have to keep your index finger on the R key to restart. Because the amount of times you have to restart, whether at the very beginning or just before the end is not fun. Clustertruck, even if it's not meant to be, is a rage game. If you don't play a lot or have a lot of experience with rage games or trial and error heavy games, you won't enjoy clustertruck. Most reviews state that when you finally beat that one level you've been struggling at, you feel immense joy. That is not true. While I'm glad the level's dickery is over, when I go to the next level I realize there's 2x more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Pros:-Cool music-Awesome concept-Cool devs-Nice design-Controller support-Twitch config settings (I'm not a streamer, and I hate streams anyway, but if you're into that sort of thing, it's there)-Workshop-Leaderboards (Cool! I ranked 5th!)Cons:-Not very fun-Rage filled-$17 (CAD, I heard it was $15 USD)-Explosions and dust usually block out your view-You have to farm for points to get the upgrades and pass levels quite often-You may be subject to desk and chair slamming (and screaming)-Trial and error/rage game format-Leaderboards (♥♥♥♥. I ranked 453th.)In conclusion, I did not enjoy my 40 minutes of ClusterTruck. You will get the same amount of joy by watching somebody else play it rather than playing it yourself. If you still feel you are going to buy and play ClusterTruck, I think you should wait for a sale. The game's charge is quite high for the amount of fun you will get in return.""GIT GUD LOL XDDDDD"""
,Recommended,397950,25738604,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Spooky Osama,Step 1: Start playingStep 2: RAGEStep 3: Tell everyone to play this amazing game so you can laugh at their failiuresStep 4: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,397950,25732124,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sapper ☯,Like No Man's Sky with Trucks! 11/10 -IGN!
,Not Recommended,397950,32351124,Posted: 11 June,all,Boxtrot,level 2 on area 6 is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t so ♥♥♥♥ you game developers fix the timing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i have tried over 100 times.
76561198071589186,Not Recommended,397950,32799483,Posted: 25 June,all,ScrubbngBubbles,"While I barely played this game this review is going to be based on the fact that I couldn't play on it. Checking my laptop's ability to play the game I bought it, installed it, and then before the game even started up the problem came. The game's launcher asked what I wanted my graphics to be on and it said fantastic and nothing else. Why in the world would you make your game run on one graphics setting? This makes it impossible to play due to huge amounts of lag, a low fps, and parts where my character moves but the game doesn't (what's that about?)."
76561198148453225,Not Recommended,397950,31946369,Posted: 24 May,all,Gayden Gailey,1/10 Blatant rip off of Super Mega Neo Pug. Disappointing...
,Not Recommended,397950,33102495,Posted: 1 July,all,Athena1,I CAN'T GET ON IT MUCH LESS PLAY IT!!!!!!!!!!1
76561197999860003,Not Recommended,397950,29389845,Posted: 20 January,all,The Science Cat,"This game is pretty much broken on my rig, Keybindings for controllers don't work and the game won't boot most of the time.  What a disappointment, this game is a complete mess....."
76561198201937017,Recommended,397950,25925327,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Scoldrus,get this game DO IT!░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█▒▒▐▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒█▒░▒▒▀▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▌▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▒░▒▄█▄█▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▌▒▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒█▌▌▌▌▌█▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▀███▀▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▀▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▒▒▀▄▒▀▄▀▀▀▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▀▄▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
76561198319281768,Recommended,397950,29923935,Posted: 14 February,all,,:)
76561198292689229,Recommended,397950,29924384,Posted: 14 February,all,Minimegasuperman,GOOD GAME! :)
76561198155388324,Not Recommended,397950,31297358,Posted: 22 April,all,Phoenix Wright,The game is pretty much impossible the motion blur is awful and its glitchy as heck I almost made it to the goal of 2-1 and i glitched through a truck and then i started to spawn die its just 2/10 too glitchy motion blur awful powerups are useless (almost)
,Not Recommended,397950,25848498,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Wubs,"Literally unplayable. Not even a ♥♥♥♥ing meme. 81 trucks on the level. 0 trucks make it past the halfway point, 27 times in a row. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ RNG seeding."
,Not Recommended,397950,28723956,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Baddie™,Cant bind all mouse controls. rip. refund.
,Recommended,397950,32986099,Posted: 29 June,all,orirori8,I love trucks
,Recommended,397950,25764322,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Universals ^◡^,C almingL earningU nitingS eriousT ruckingE xperienceR eallyT ruelyR eallyU ltraC oolK ...now buy it
,Not Recommended,397950,25809394,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dripping Yellow Madness,"This game has one massive flaw.  Why, oh WHY, DOES IT NEED RPG ELEMENTS?!  Why do I need to upgrade my character in a game like this?It has a really cool ghost feature where you can race against the ghost of your friends, yourself, or the world record, but that feature is ruined by the upgrade system.  I don't know what upgrades that world record guy had.  Competing with friends would be unsatisfying unless you had the exact same upgrades.  And you don't need to ""get gud"" to beat your own times, you just need to buy upgrades, which ruins the satisfaction of it.I really wish this game could just be about your skill.  I hate how games need to be pseudo RPGs these days.If you don't care about that, then you'll probably really like this game.  Really cool concept."
,Not Recommended,397950,25760836,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,GLaDOS,"As fun and exhilarating the game is, it's too short. It can be completed in only a couple hours and in my opinion it's unfortunately just not worth the money at CDN$16.99. Better left until a sale or a humble bundle. On the other hand, if users are interested in user-created levels this game does come integrated with Steam Workshop. Which is cool, but it's not my thing."
,Recommended,397950,25809242,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,102ndROF_Col_Tycode,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Not Recommended,397950,29585950,Posted: 30 January,all,The Jaxster,"I watched Muselk play this game on his channel, and I loved the look of it.  I got the game and for me it got boring pretty fast.  I really wanted to like this game, unfortunately I couldn't, and returned it for a full refund (Thanks Valve!)"
,Recommended,397950,25728059,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[LST] Fighter5810,Truck jumping simulator. Its awesome!Just buy it and see for yourself
76561198140254485,Not Recommended,397950,26012426,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,I'M A HACKER HEHE...,this gfame is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198325829374,Not Recommended,397950,29773601,Posted: 7 February,all,UnknownNames,"It's worked once.Never worked again. It keeps crashing, over and over. That sucks. The first time I played it, it was fun and worked great.Now, I can't even get it running."
,Not Recommended,397950,28245739,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Clammyfever,"I think that it's an ok game, but it is SO graphically taxing on my computer, I do have a potato comuter, but a game that constists of some trucks driving around terrain and lazers, it shouldn't be that bad. AND THERES NO GRAPHICS SLIDER ANYWHERE LIKE, WHY?!?!??!"
76561198012889457,Not Recommended,397950,28675738,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Revolution,Clunky controls make later levels feel like you are not in control. Starts to get boring really really fast aswell.
,Recommended,397950,28537209,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ear-Raping Ethan!,This game is a huge Clustertruck
76561198358396221,Not Recommended,397950,32420377,Posted: 14 June,all,back2class,i got this game and it did not work :c
,Not Recommended,397950,26098268,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ALonleyPotato,Its really bad!!!
,Not Recommended,397950,28555031,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,that_random_ant,"Doesn't work, screen goes black after launching the game. Reinstalling doesn't work. Still waiting to get a reply from the devs. You might have better luck than me."
,Not Recommended,397950,28719204,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,A Very Sad Mark 2 Bow Robot,"Preordered for TABS, not in the closed beta..."
76561198181493321,Recommended,397950,29910546,Posted: 13 February,all,ShunnedElephant,Fun
76561198116523727,Recommended,397950,34064095,Posted: 6 August,all,Commander Narwhal,I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game I hate this game.
76561198173359098,Not Recommended,397950,30345815,Posted: 5 March,all,rmbaaa lft,save youre self this game drives you crazy
76561198329394301,Recommended,397950,28495345,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mazen800Op,lol
,Not Recommended,397950,34855402,Posted: 10 September,all,Jebediah Hambone,Glare simulator. Couldn't see♥♥♥♥♥♥♥It just wasn't fun.
76561198024597235,Not Recommended,397950,29164140,Posted: 10 January,all,ThatRandomCube,why did i buy this?
,Not Recommended,397950,29933493,Posted: 14 February,all,JustWusky,Kinda Fun....But combines the frustrating aspects of first person platforming (not knowing where your feet are) with the frustrating aspects of random platforms that have a mind of their own. Eh.
76561198272043755,Not Recommended,397950,28889793,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JACO3,"I downloaded this game because it looks like a genuine game, but when I load it, it just shows a blank white screen, the when I click, it says ""clustertruck is not responding"" can someone please help"
,Not Recommended,397950,28573144,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Brazilian Blindsnake,"Terrible game because you can't rebind the controls on a gamepad. Jump is the A button on an xbox controller but you need to use the right stick to turn your character. It makes the game unplayable with a gamepad since you really can't turn at all because you need to be constantly hitting jump at a precise time so you're basically just limited to jumping in a straight line with a little bit of lateral movement because of strafing with the left stick.Seriously, I don't understand how the devs 1) Didn't realize that a default control scheme where jump was on a shoulder button or trigger would be infinitely better and 2) DON'T JUST MAKE THE CONTROLS REBINDABLE. How hard can this be? I don't think it's asking too much. It's like no one on the dev team even tried to play it with a gamepad because 2 minutes into the game I realized it just doesn't work how it's setup.There was a steam discussion thread with people asking for rebindable controls for gamepads and the devs only response was something along the lines of ""Well what kind of control scheme would you like to be using?"" like they would just create an alternative scheme instead of, ya know, MAKING THEM REBINDABLE so you can just make it how you would like it. Even then, the thread was old and it seems they chose to do nothing anyways.Would probably be a fun game otherwise but it's unplayable with a gamepad in it's current state.PS - You shouldn't need third party software because of lazy devs."
76561198097661703,Recommended,397950,28546096,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dat Sheep,Makes me TRIGGERED
,Not Recommended,397950,25936138,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,[TZS]SyKo bAmBi,"Played the alpha and enjoyed it, figured $15 dollars wouldnt be bad price for it. Then the trucks are random so it might screw you to not being able to pass a level so you retry and it does it again. Then there are some levels so frustrating that no matter how many times you try you cant beat it. I know im not that great at games that require fine finger control, but how can a game be made thats only enjoyable if your REALLY good? This game can now rot in my inventory."
76561198090651726,Not Recommended,397950,26454404,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GhostlyCat2005,it was good.... INTILL I LAUNCHED WITH A PURPLE SCREEN
,Not Recommended,397950,32680073,Posted: 23 June,all,African Bob,crash crash crash crash crash what a load of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198292126615,Not Recommended,397950,29950786,Posted: 15 February,all,nelson42004,It was a terrible wast of money
,Not Recommended,397950,28837204,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sRA,Buy it only if its discounted. The control is annoying and acting weird sometimes.
,Not Recommended,397950,26421592,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lucy Briggs,"I found the game to be a little too hypey and a little too fast for my kind, if I played it with a controller I'd prolly have a better chance at perfecting the jumps and I had a glitch on it for weeks, but for now, its a no."
76561198106460742,Not Recommended,397950,25759118,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ZincGoblin,"I'd say this is a good game, just not the game for me.I'm not all too sure really. I had fun for the first twenty minutes, got irritated by a level, got some abilities and had fun, then got even more irritated around the laser levels.It was fun, it really was. It just wasn't fun when levels literally kept me from completing them for a solid amount of time because trucks would just fail to actually work.The trucks, which are the only things you can touch in this game, will randomly turn or crash into things so it's never predictable what they will do. It's fun at times, and irritating at other times.What the trailors fail to show you is that the trucks will sometimes crash so much that there's no way you can complete levels and it can happen often.If you like chaotic messes you can't control and can fail levels at any moment because of the game and not you, this is for you. Me? I had fourty minutes of fun and a whole lot of irritation and frustration."
,Not Recommended,397950,25896573,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kasti,"I got 10 000 style points in one level, but didn't get the achievement...And the last level is not fun at all... Way too long for a game without checkpoints..."
,Not Recommended,397950,25910767,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Slammus,"You have the weight of a brick house and the traction of an autistic kid covered in jelly.trucks run away from you, and are coated in butter.The game punishes you for trying to jump. Choose a truck and ride it, hoping that it is the one that will make it."
,Not Recommended,397950,34201132,Posted: 12 August,all,oph,if you are expecting good player physics look no furtherbecause it has nonethere are no physicsgoodbye
76561198263390197,Not Recommended,397950,34514548,Posted: 26 August,all,killerb_nats_28,"I was told by a friend to get this game, i had high expectations for the game watching the game run so smoothly on his Windows 7 laptop. I have Windows 10, thinking that it would run just as smooth. when i first launched the game i had a 3fps rate. the second I opend the first level, it crashed. i have tried multiple times to play the game but it always crashes and runs so poorly. DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU USE WINDOWS 10!"
,Recommended,397950,25906548,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,💗Vaxi is back~!💗,"This game is the pinnacle of simplicity: Jump from truck to truck and get to the finish line without dying, as fast and as fanciful as possible. Sounds easy right?WRONGThis game is intense, fast paced, and just plain fun. The developers really cranked out a diamond with this one, and it's no wonder popular Lets Players such as Jacksepticeye and Markiplier have done numerous BETA playthroughs of this game prior to its official release on the 27th of last month.Gameplay:As mentioned above, the basic point of the game is to jump around on trucks and getting to the finish line in one piece. the game offers a considerable arsenal of unlockable abilities which make this slightly easier, from double jumps, to dashes, to truck spawners, to teleportation. These are ridiculously difficult to get, however.There's also a sub-objective involved, which is there to help you boost your points: Tricks.Back flips, spins, hanging from the side of a truck while it flies through the air, jumping across trucks falling through the air etc. are all considered tricks which will give you a decent boost to your overall 'style' points, which is pretty much your score that carries over into future levels and work as a 'grand total' after completing the game.Graphics:Obviously the graphics are not the selling point here, and that's one of the beautiful things about Clustertruck. The point isn't to take on the scenery, trust me, you'll be way too busy making sure your next jump culminates on the roof of a truck. I would be extremely surprised if most every modern PC with even a hint of graphics capability would be incapable of running it at least on the lowest settings with little to no complication.Sound:Sound is, obviously, also rather primitive, but the music changes with every world, and there are explosions and sound effects for the different traps, so even if the sound is not drop dead awesome, it 'is' present, and is very adequate/appropriate for the game's style.Verdict: Overall, Clustertruck is one of those games you need to either know beforehand to love, or take a leap of faith and just hope it'll be good and buy it despite not really knowing for sure. The best part about it? You won't be disappointed, the game is absolutely AMAZING fun. Definitely recommended to casual gamers with a less dedicated rig and wants a game they can sit down, play, and get up from, in the span of five minutes without losing progress or potentially getting banned for having to AFK cause life throws curve balls like that (YES, Riot, I'm looking at you, you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,397950,28674163,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Keybirb,"Game is a repeated horrible trend. After playing for nearly 100 hours it's clear the developers do not care for this game.At first 100 levels were promised90campaign levels have been delivered with 15 extra and workshop levelsGood job thereHow long can you play the game?96 hours I played. Not worth it really. Although that is quite long, for a price tag of ClusterTrucks one, I would expect better quality than what was offered. It's just doing the same thingOverAndOverANDOVERJust in different scenarios.Jumping on trucks thorough danger sounds good on paper, but was done so poorly that the game is just a terrible miscarriageIt's very clear some levels had 1 person making them and some had 10 people making them, meaning the holiday extras were better than the whole games campaignAchievements are completely broken and its very obvious by viewing global achievements some people can't even launch the bloody game.Achievements can be randomly gotten by loading up the game just before a new update. Before the 5 Christmas levels if you booted up the game you got the achievementOverall terribly Done. Editor is the worst thing since NMSBuy at -75% off"
76561197975258329,Recommended,397950,25728706,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,squingeelee,FedEx Simulator 201610/10
76561198113190940,Not Recommended,397950,26276156,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,CyberDemon101,"IF MAC USER DO NOT BUY, i got this game and i literally had to put all settings on the lowest setting to get the game to run slowley. it may just be my mac but my other friends say it happens the them. IF MAC USER DO NOT BUY."
76561198161240435,Not Recommended,397950,30018956,Posted: 18 February,all,rodent,"Jetpack is garbage. Doesnt even send me up in the air, just makes me hover. Level 9:10 is full of bugs. Get off your lazy asses and fix it instead of rushing your ♥♥♥♥♥♥, money wasting game."
,Not Recommended,397950,33162964,Posted: 2 July,all,Juli.exe,This game is fun don't get me wrong!!!The first 10 minutes...After that you will most likely will want to finish the game for satisfaction and it's pretty much the same thing...Run from truck to truck and try to get to the end line.
76561198107119622,Not Recommended,397950,30460624,Posted: 11 March,all,kyazz,Just ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ last level cancer.
76561197968984819,Not Recommended,397950,30252763,Posted: 28 February,all,xX-DarkVoid-Xx,I Hated it. The levels are way too hard in difficulty that i cant get any speed points. At least make the levels a little more easy and also make your powerups more attainable.
76561198359116996,Recommended,397950,29911712,Posted: 13 February,all,revivemeihavetheraygun,really lagy on my computer
,Recommended,397950,34799480,Posted: 7 September,all,Dubthachian,Follow my social media--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bryan's Twitter:https://twitter.com/DubthachianAnonBryan's Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/BryanZdinakxBryan's Twitch:https://www.twitch.tv/DubthachianXFan Curse:https://invite.twitch.tv/GZHollBryan's YouTube:www.youtube.com/c/BryanDoesVlogsRoadTo10SubsBryan's Discord:https://discord.gg/Gbdfk8BZender's Twitter:https://twitter.com/Izender22Zender's Twitch:www.twitch.tv/Izender22Zender's Discord: Zender#0654Zender's YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj0TRKhoAv6p7buTpVW_Msw--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
,Not Recommended,397950,25866811,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,logic,Meh...only fun for a few minutes
,Recommended,397950,28638198,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The Antichrist Apparently,"Yeah, I checked and there are like 2 people in the first like 5 reviews who said this but i think its worth saying again. When I started it opens it but it doesnt bring me into it and when I click it it will open just a black screen but when i click anywhere it crashes and turns white but if I don't click it it stays black for like 13.7 seconds trust me i used a timer yes, i am sad. But anyway after a while music starts playing but the screen is black and it goes on for like minutes and nothing changes. Also, when any steam notifications pop up like the 'check steam things in game with tab shift and stuff.' and the thing is black and the letters have black around them and then PLOT TWIST!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU JUST NEED TO TAKE IT OUT OF FULLSCREEN AND ITS FIXED!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198032734581,Not Recommended,397950,34861594,Posted: 10 September,all,Milk_Shaykh,"this game is one of those games. sometimes we think ""how did this even get on steam? you see develpos try to get they game published on steam, and then theres this game..."" extremely  repetitive game. like its the same every time. yes they will add saws and stuff but really disapointed not worth the price dont get it!"
76561198103357409,Not Recommended,397950,25788633,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,"Dylan, Your Uber Driver",fun at first but gets boring very quick
,Not Recommended,397950,26701621,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,PhaseBlade,"I watches Jacksepticeye playing the game, and was super looking forward to the experience. It would be totally worth the $15 bucks, except that it is unplayable. My PC meets and in some parts exceeds the reccomended hardware, but I consistently get 5-8 FPS, rendering all of the critical timing totally unachievable. If only the settings could be something besides ""fantastic,"" I would be playing the game right now. (Also, I tried all of the other settings in the launch window and within the game, also with no luck in achieving a better framerate.)I BEG OF THE DEVELOPERS TO FIX THIS DEVASTATING GRAPHICS ISSUE. Without said fix, I will sadly have to refund the game like many other disappointed custmers.With regret, I am marking this game as ""Not Reccomended."""
,Not Recommended,397950,28552044,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,PeterTheSkeeter,"Pros:-Great graphics-Good SoundtrackCons:-Already went across a few bugs where I would get stuck in the trucks itself and fall through the maps-Very, very repetitive levels. I got to the third world in like 12 minutes-Way to expensive for what it had to offer. Even on a darn steam salePLEASE NOTE: Only get this game if you know your computer can handle it(Mine is garbage) and buy it if you got money to kill. The game is great but only for a short amount of time and only get the game on a steam sale."
,Not Recommended,397950,26392499,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,LostReaction,I can think of countless games that are far more enjoyable for your $15. Get the game on sale for $4.99. I can't recommend the game for this price.
,Not Recommended,397950,29727508,Posted: 5 February,all,Pirate Pilots,i have play the same level over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over.  you get the point. anyways the game is broken i was sliping off the trucks and if thats part of the game then please just please dont make trucks intersect other trucks
76561198327605172,Not Recommended,397950,29239709,Posted: 13 January,all,robert kulakevich,did not like it
,Not Recommended,397950,28212989,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Lorde,No progress in achievements.
76561198093336856,Not Recommended,397950,29349506,Posted: 18 January,all,Muppet of a Man,"welcome to my humble review!im not recommending this because the MAXIMUM ammount of time you will squeeze out of this game is around 5 hours.don't get me wrong, its a great game and i frankly love playing it. however if you want to spend 15 dollars for 5 hours of gameplay then i just can't recommend it. there are plenty of other reviews saying the pros of it so im not gonna cover it.have a pleasant day"
76561198372475437,Not Recommended,397950,33107639,Posted: 1 July,all,Mr.gamesalot,bad dosent even work I DEMAND A REFUND TOO WY ACCOUNT OK THATS ALL IM ASKING.
,Not Recommended,397950,28892859,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,King Mukla,"Do you also like playing the first 5 seconds over and over and over? Well, I don't."
76561198236212818,Not Recommended,397950,26095643,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,heli71823,this game wont launch and its super bad crashes all the time it just straight up sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198079655373,Not Recommended,397950,25793901,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,VecTron5,"I'd probably love this game if it had a decent framerate on my pc. It dipped down to below 15 fps at times.graphical options are minimal. If you can't get it to run well at at least 60 fps, you're screwed."
76561198263618683,Not Recommended,397950,30205820,Posted: 26 February,all,✪D4NG3R,Laggy depending on the computer the person has
,Not Recommended,397950,25810078,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,conrrr,"doesnt run on system requiremens, i was quite happy that i met them put i lowered evrything to it's minumum and on most levels i still get severe lag... can't play it"
76561198162553859,Not Recommended,397950,29373192,Posted: 20 January,all,ot12red,WARNING: DO NOT INSTALL GAME IF YOU HAVE LOW FPS SPEED
76561198207416041,Not Recommended,397950,25830663,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,9291Sam,"I was expecting a lot mroe from this game. I live the idea but with a gtx 1070 and a i7 4790k why do the menus run at 14 fps and the game runs at 30 fps. also the controls and very bad and you can look ANY where, you can look backwardsI love the concept of the game but very poorly executedDO not buy untill fixed!"
76561198349404621,Not Recommended,397950,30176515,Posted: 25 February,all,Sublimecape63,this game wont even lunch
76561197977685858,Not Recommended,397950,26425916,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wiggle Jiggle,"good, if yu have a fast computer"
,Not Recommended,397950,29675876,Posted: 3 February,all,chad,the game was great but has low frame rate
76561198368583930,Not Recommended,397950,33598133,Posted: 16 July,all,hunted beast gaming,bad graphics
76561198355687526,Not Recommended,397950,30562483,Posted: 16 March,all,HappyMan2259,i ask for a refund beacuse one is super lagey and the controls is not good at all it is so difficult this is a terrible game.it is a good game to others but not me.
76561198331948685,Not Recommended,397950,30215193,Posted: 27 February,all,☠ EzBuckz ☠ Csgogem.com,Its the worst game ever it sucks u cant play it (program is not responding) ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥in game i bought 15 euro on it
76561198273402755,Not Recommended,397950,30149686,Posted: 24 February,all,Harvey Edwards,I WANT A REFUND
,Not Recommended,397950,25730028,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Serenity J.,"Where do I begin.I bought this game because I watched JackSepticEye play it on youtube, and like many games youtubers play, it seemed extremely fun. What I didn't expect, was the numerous issues I had. First and foremost, the game seems to not have a solid understanding of what resolution is. I have a 1080x1024 screen resolution, and when I selected that option, I got a bizarre, left and right sides of the game cut off view, with two giant black boxes on either side of gameplay. In order to have it stretch itself to my screen, I had to pick an absurdly low res, that didnt do the game justice. After getting in and playing the first few levels, I immediately noticed that the Bloom was absurd. I couldn't see, at all, which resulted in a lot of missed jumps. I disabled bloom in the options menu, and on loading back into the level, found that my screen was now permanently blurred by the spawn-in effect, and wouldnt go away. After disabling every other graphical option and restarting, it finally worked, even though it looked fairly shoddy(which I know the game looks better, so don't take that comment as me saying its not just on my end).The issues really begin as soon as the game starts ramping up. I use a keyboard and mouse for it as opposed to a game pad, and I'm unsure if that's what my issue is, or if the game really is as luck based as I experienced. Constantly I jumped, and would have a truck veer out from under me at the last possible second, with no realy way to correct myself in the air. Or they would alternate speeds just enough to slam me into the back of the truck, and I would get flung into the air after jumping, going extremely slow, and wouldnt be able to land on something below me. The game's not bad. But if you're hoping to have a platformer that plays the way you want it to, this isnt the game for you. I didn't play it very long. But I'd put it right up there with They Bleed Pixels on the ""Why wont you just work the way I want you to"" scale of platforming."
76561198552940138,Not Recommended,397950,32506007,Posted: 17 June,all,hi 1234,Many of the coumputers cannot handle this game along with the laptop I'm using. Also the game is extremly laggy. They could impprve the game by making the game work for easier processer.P.S This game sucks.
76561198142581769,Not Recommended,397950,25741073,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,killysunt,I dont know if anyone else is experiencing crashing on launch and on level select but if that gets fixed i would adore this game
,Not Recommended,397950,25737244,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Kozmiic,15 dollar3 hoursnot worth a buy if you looking for value for moneybut if you have the money the game is fun but it will not last longthis game will be forgotten in a matter of days
76561198119570524,Not Recommended,397950,25855609,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,IceTea MiniBeast,"Nice game, but the controlls are a little bit sticky, for me."
,Not Recommended,397950,25758506,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,meLTY,awfully optimized for a game that requires good reflexes
,Not Recommended,397950,28645274,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,iMintyGreen,I do not recommend this. I play on a toshiba and when i load it it either instantly crashes or goes completely black and i cant see anything
76561198105621334,Not Recommended,397950,25841454,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,early bread,too short
,Not Recommended,397950,33017669,Posted: 29 June,all,vote yes!,I don't recommend this game as it is far too expensive for what you get. It also seems fairly overhyped.
,Not Recommended,397950,25792004,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ciphered Entity,"Would be a good game, but It's poorly made. It doesn't run very well and has a lot of technical issues. I would hold off for updates to see if things get better.Some Examples:- The game takes about 20 seconds from the time I click play in the launcher to actually start.- The game has disconnected my mouse from camera movement on five separate occasions. I could still use my mouse to navigate menus however I could not move the camera with it. Requires restarting to fix.- The game has constant audio stuttering whenever you restart a level. (which is like every 10 or less seconds)Hopefully it gets better in the future for those of you willing to stick around, I'm currently hoping for a refund."
,Not Recommended,397950,29070029,Posted: 6 January,all,alfieX1999,Not inpressed!!!!!!!!! Car things don't bep and don't xplode like it dos on PS4. And it lag with requrerd speks. CID black op 3 better vid graphics better.
,Not Recommended,397950,29937020,Posted: 14 February,all,Kryptic,The game is way too short. I completed half the levels in 40 min so if you want you can buy the game finish it within the 2 hours and refund it.
,Not Recommended,397950,30470020,Posted: 12 March,all,pixelated sun bear,"its just the same thing over nd over. its like ""oh hey you like trucks? heres more trucks. you like our game? lets make it have lots of trucks because they like trucks! im sure theyll still like trucks. oh youre bored of trucks? heres some swingy things! more swingy things! MORE SWINGYTHINGS!"""
76561198315625379,Not Recommended,397950,30514919,Posted: 14 March,all,crickettodamax,it is not fun
,Not Recommended,397950,26145520,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,WarriorWriga,"I beg all of you, please do not buy clustertruck. Anyone who doesn't have a massive gaming pc, your computer will not be able to handle this game. I got a new computer less than a week ago, with 8GB of RAM and I simply cannot play half the levels because i am getting about 3 fps. Please, dont waste £11 on a game you wont be able to play."
,Not Recommended,397950,29916281,Posted: 14 February,all,Laen,"Game has weird frame stuttering even on low settings, makes it unplayable. Specs are i7-6700k, GTX 770 2gb, 16gb ram, m2 sata drive."
76561198306150430,Not Recommended,397950,31218457,Posted: 18 April,all,Hank310,"I do not like this game.  It takes a long time to load, it is hard, the motion blur is horrible, and I can't find how to refund it"
76561198238845640,Not Recommended,397950,26058580,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ReaperTheCreeper,WHY IS YOUR GAME SUCKING @$$ IT WILL NOT LOAD AND HE SCREEN IS YELLOW SO BAD THUMBS DOWN HORRIBLE GAME!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,397950,25766443,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,gagi,♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,397950,25805897,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,lil'bob,PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DOESN'T EVEN WORK WASTE OF MONEY TOO MANY BUGS TO BE RELEASED NEEDED MORE TESTING SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUT IT LATER WHEN IT ACTUALLY WORKS
,Recommended,397950,26452937,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},"Clustertruck is a 3-D Raging Simulator in my eyes. In real life, it is a 3-D HardCore Platforming game. Not the Hardcore, like losing EVERYTHING (Even worlds) Hardcore, just losing the level progress and starting from the beginning. This game is arranged in worlds and levels. Like 1:1 is the start and 9:10 is the Boss level. I know right, this game has a BOSS LEVEL which is almost impossible to some people. This game is one of the best of all platformers. If you're considering SEUM or 'A story about my uncle',  i would advise you to buy this game.I run a crap computer.RAM: 4GBProcessor: 1.5GHzGraphics Card: Intel Intergated CardAlthough i run a crap computer, i run this game on 250fps except for World 9 (Level: 3,5,7,8,9) on low settings. People vote this game unrecommended because, well, they run bad on it on low settings. That means you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer that no one likes. Which is bad and you should have not bought this game, idiots. This game has potential and you rate bad due to your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer. Why are you even existing?This game has 9 worlds. All from easy to hard. You may rage but is it worth it? I raged mainly on the laser, steampunk and hell. And jeez, i made it to the boss battle. I have not finished it when you are reading this as i find it extremely difficult. The seasonal updates are amazing and i love games when they make new models just for a season. I finished from Halloween:1 - Halloween:10 . It was a difficult update. The level editior is easy and you can make awesome levels. I made my first level which is on the steam workshophttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=793794286This is a minigame and should last less than one minute. You have to race the opposite team and see which truck gets the goal first. After, you can just go through the goal and get some points. Choose your team!Now i am going to list my pros and cons.ProsFun GameplayVery AddictiveChallengingWorking level editor // Easy to useSeasonal Models, Levels and Main MenuFantastic music // I bought the soundtrackAwesome LevelsFantastic Models and TexturesRuns good on low end pcConsDifficult Boss BattleAchievements dont always show up so i need to contact tinyBuild all the time.People dislike the game.Overall, as this game was AMAZING, i will rate it 10/10.I was supplied with a gift copy off a friend and the developers asked me to review it. This did not change my decision of the game."
76561198108645825,Not Recommended,397950,26236162,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Some Nerd 13,(salt level 100%.)I just gave up on the game while trying to beat the final levelalso i could've give my $20 to charity...but no...i wasted my money on this crap
76561198048658364,Not Recommended,397950,25759051,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Alpacalypse,"A precision platformer that is not only limited to first person with a max FOV of 140(Restricting your field of view by 200 is going to do nothing but make you less precise. It's like cutting out one of your eyes before you do brain surgery on someone.), but also lacks air strafeing. Because of this, you cannot see properly and can't move accurately.So, a precision platformer that plays imprecisely. Sorry, the tedium isn't worth 15 bucks. Get it if it's 75% off or something.EDIT: A bit of a postscript for people new to the review system: If you find a game that a lot of people like and give it a negative review, it'll get downvoted to hell. People don't like it when you criticize games they like. Review quality is seldom represented by the ""Is this review helpful"" question; this is why you rarely see a highly rated review that isn't either spam or someone whining about the framerate."
76561198092490293,Not Recommended,397950,25764703,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,esengie,"I can't feel the character when I'm jumping, so it's basically CS or half-life like feel + you can jump further - not really good in a game where you have to jump accurately and rapidly.Even then I guess you could theoretically play it if the game had a good controller support. The xbox-360 controller is used the same way as wasd, but more confusingly - only the direction is detected, meaning you can't control the speed of the character - it's basically on or off"
76561198193385718,Not Recommended,397950,25827097,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Greekgodlover,"Laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ poor quality, and u have to have a GREAT computer to run this game."
76561198335854153,Not Recommended,397950,28636816,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,benjaminecsedy,Does not work. Only black screen and music. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,397950,25973422,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Blue Vegito,Hate it Way To Freaking Laggy When I Have An alian whare which those are very good
76561198097796565,Not Recommended,397950,28677613,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dancraftnerdz13,THIS GAME IS AWFUL!DO NOT BUY IT!
76561198367568149,Not Recommended,397950,35230655,Posted: 26 September,all,John Stamos,Jumps like in Fuller House Full house John Stahmus doesn;t lieka ddoesnt get jong hstams seal of approvval so mada not eavan checkign you can't asgfell joh  a nfger
76561198277452769,Not Recommended,397950,30825644,Posted: 29 March,all,eatsquidbiscuits,sucks
,Not Recommended,397950,25735991,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lyca,"Glitches, crashes, runs poorly, and the controls are't consistant at all. Hopefully it will be better in the future, but for now, it's nowhere near worth 15 dollars."
,Not Recommended,397950,25841852,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mister Oxy,"★★★☆☆Game's great,but level 9-10"
,Not Recommended,397950,27227249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,REENBOLA,too hard to play
,Not Recommended,397950,25803378,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,KKK Grand Wizard,this games release was a clustertruck
,Not Recommended,397950,29918175,Posted: 14 February,all,Lel,pros1. good soundtrack2. nice graphiccons1. too random & chaotic2. motion sickness
,Not Recommended,397950,26609665,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Deflatable,this was the biggest waste of my money it literally makes u hold forward when jumping its so dumb
76561198079457088,Not Recommended,397950,25734042,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,cpt zilla,so laggy its terrible
,Not Recommended,397950,25734270,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,brye,"This game seems fun but when I select ""invert"" in the options menu, the y axis does not invert for me. This makes it unplayable as I can only play inverted"
76561198384168102,Not Recommended,397950,31494501,Posted: 1 May,all,matharumax,Lags way too much cant evan compleat first level
,Not Recommended,397950,25737617,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,deszz,"Great game. No, seriously, its fun and addictive and the concept is very interesting. I really tried to enjoy it but JESUS CHRIST ITS ♥♥♥♥ING LAGGY AS HELL! Completely unplayable on integrated graphics card. I really don't know how you guys did this, but with literally few hundreds polygon on scene game is running under 10-15 fps. Even Battlefield 3 is running at ~30-40 fps on my laptop. Hope there will be patches for perfomance issues in future. Can't recommed this game for now."
76561198035654888,Recommended,397950,28523832,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hunter-617,⊂_ヽ＼＼ ＿＼(　•_•) F<　⌒ヽ A/ 　 へ＼ B/　　/　＼＼ Uﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ L/　/ O/　/    U(　(ヽ S|　|、＼.| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　Lﾉ__(／___﻿
,Not Recommended,397950,25731174,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,inaneHELLRAISER,"This game has so much potential to be great. Its a game with a great premise that is poorly implemented by a sub par dev team. Random deaths while standing on a truck, bad hit detection on obsticles (is my head the size of a beach ball?) and controlls that switch from floaty to tight with no warning. Very frustrating to fail over and over due the problems that the devs should have ironed out. Wait for more updates post launch because it is just to sloppy right now."
,Not Recommended,397950,25746542,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The Spooky Cat Wizard,"This game is advertised as something it's not. A ""fast paced platformer FPS"" is not a correct title. It's trial-and-error gameplay for majority of the time. Failing a level about 8 times before you even get a hint of what to do is common later on in the game. Not to mention, they made sure that that section didn't come until about 2 hours into the game so that way you couldn't refund the damn garbage. Don't buy it, you'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at how dull and boring playing a level 50 times before even finishing it is."
,Not Recommended,397950,30107351,Posted: 22 February,all,eye gaye,"it has trucks, its bad"
76561198165509249,Not Recommended,397950,26592283,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ethanerics,Trash.
,Not Recommended,397950,25740597,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,mors flatbrød,DO NOT BUY NOT as good as the youtubers filming
76561198335903605,Not Recommended,397950,31637560,Posted: 8 May,all,Metal Bandanaッ,It is way to hard and is honestly a VERY bad game. I do not reccomend this whatsoever. I hope this dies and burns. It somply is unenjoyable and is ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198232170216,Not Recommended,397950,25822700,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ragemyname,this game is so lagy
,Not Recommended,397950,25728851,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Androsida,"The game starts 1 time on 3, it lags and freeze even with gtx 1080. Dont buy this game unti this problems are solved"
,Not Recommended,397950,25728510,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,BaD3lAv,"At this games current state, really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off because it gets repetitive really fast. It is the same thing over and over again jumping on trucks. Yea you can get abilities, but the starter abilities suck too. The double jump bearly even helps you, and just adds to my stress i get from this. I also hate the physics of the game because you can try to aim for a truck, but go completely off trail without meaning to be. The developers need to step this up or im never buying this game again. This game would be worth 5 bucks at most, dont waste your money until further notice. But i do see a future in this game, by realizing it only just game out, it has so much potential to be a good game, and they can add so many things to the game, but all i can do it wait and see."
,Not Recommended,397950,29910732,Posted: 13 February,all,David Schwimmer,no it not good
76561198173254101,Not Recommended,397950,26169821,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ThescatesWay[    ],terrible do not buy
76561198009870879,Not Recommended,397950,25789347,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Retard  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),giving it a negative review because i was promised a TABS pre alpha build if i bought it. never got the build. clustertruck itself is fine thought
76561198124063232,Not Recommended,397950,29922898,Posted: 14 February,all,Little Rocket Man,i completed the game before 2 hours hour mark and refunded it bcuz im poor hehe xd KappaPride
76561198170145362,Not Recommended,397950,25841997,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mk Dons Are The Real Dons,"A game that gets boring within the first 10 minutes...Don't buy this, download it for free somewhere, it feels like it should be a free-to-play game anyway..."
,Not Recommended,397950,28526809,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lord Bubble Shark :3,Half of the game is so broken half of all the game is impossable to play.I dont recommendHowever the game is still fun but the controlls are a jokeStill dont recommend
,Not Recommended,397950,25728203,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,greendra,ClusterTruckClusterTrucClusterTruClusterTrClusterTClusterClusterFClusterFuClusterFucCluster♥♥♥♥That just sums this game up. Way to much motion blur and distortion and neither of these features can be turned off.
,Not Recommended,397950,25745736,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hitoshi,The WORST physics that I have ever seen. Worse than Tetris
76561198065198788,Not Recommended,397950,25728565,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JonnyJaap,"Way to hard... And it is very fustrating to ""die"" again and again on the same way.."
76561198218960783,Not Recommended,397950,28546910,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Demon of Scorpio hellcase.com,HORRIBLE. WORST GAME I EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE DONT BUY THIS GAME
76561198179570574,Not Recommended,397950,25807525,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,NowItsKevin,Oh my gOD I CAN't STAND this game! I can't in all my days get past level 1 of world 2! IT IS IMPOSSIBLE!!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON AN IMPOSSIBLE GAME!!! I CANT do it! The trucks just drive away from where they were and i jump there! this game is NOT COOL
76561198302753173,Recommended,397950,30413186,Posted: 9 March,all,✫Kitsune✫,Great game it is really fun and challenging i strongly recommend this game
,Recommended,397950,29477695,Posted: 24 January,all,Uncle Flaffer,"I played this game's demo to absolute death, to the point that I managed to beat it in under 6 minutes. This one, on my first run, took me just under 3 hours. Don't let that fool you; most people take between 10 and 15 hours to beat the game, and the game definitely has a good ammount of replayability. The only reason I did it so quickly is because I spent 10 hours replaying the demo over and over again.This game is challenging, fun, unique and wonderful. I couldn't reccomend it enough.If it looks good and you're OK with dying at least 40 times per level, it's perfect for you."
,Recommended,397950,29528247,Posted: 27 January,all,e.,"This game is amazing. Amazing Graphics, 100+ levels, Workshop and Controller Support, Great Soundtrack, Twitch Integration, and I got to play the Alpha version back in February 2016. This game is fantastic in every aspect, and is great fun to play with a controller and some friends."
,Recommended,397950,29539206,Posted: 28 January,all,Renegade Master,"I definitely recommend this on sale to hardcore platformer fans, and think its worth looking into for anyone else who likes platformers but wants something different.  On average, it has taken me one hour per world (each with a set of levels) to complete the first 8 worlds, and I have over half the abilities unlocked with relatively little points grinding outside of normal progression.  I would try to beat every level with abilities, and then would enable abilities if I felt like I couldn't beat a level after giving a solid effort.I would call Clustertruck the Superhot of platformer games for many reasons: Core gameplay is centered around a relatively unique gimmick, relatively short average playtimes make the base price is questionable, both have integrated leaderboards, both currently have ratings in the high 80s%, and max sale is 40% off. Yet, I bought this before I would consider Superhot because I was more optimistic about the amount of time I'd get out of Clustertruck, and I'm glad I did.PROS:+Presentation: The world themes, the often simplistic looking 3D objects, and the music work well together to provide a consistently fun retro-ish 3D look & feel to jumping through clusters of trucks without cheapening it like 8 & 16 bit-like games sometimes do.+Addictive in bursts: I'll get hooked on a level or a world trying to beat it, and then after 1-2 hours end up taking a break when it gets tough. When picking it up for a short period of time because of non-gaming commitments, its often satisfying.+Ability variety: They're pretty good, mostly balanced, some suited for certain levels over others, and all seem to fit the game from the ones I see and the ones I've unlocked thus far. Brings an extra element of strategy, assuming 99% of gamers can't beat the entire game without abilities according to achievement stats.+Twitch integration: I haven't used it, but this is the first game I've played that has it. If I streamed though, this would be pretty damn cool. Devs have famously messed with streamers this way, and its awesome.+Runs smooth: On Fantastic graphics settings, DSR@x1.5 with my GTX680 & i5 3470 was 60 FPS all day, with some dips on DSR@2.0 (~1527p). I've had the game fail to start a handful of times, but I've always recovered, and haven't had a mid-game crash.+Steam Workshop: Tons of levels can be downloaded. I only downloaded some Holiday ones that were good and visually more elaborate than most of the core game, although my performance did dip to 45-50 FPS in these more elaborate areas.NEUTRAL:~More than ""the floor is lava"": Get used to dying A LOT in this game, but in one level on every other world provided what I feel is pointless frustration in not allowing the touching/rubbing of any sides of walls and non-deadly objects, whether horizontally or vertically.  There's been two levels I think in Midevil world where I could jump on rafters of the swinging spike hammers, which I'm grateful for but is inconsistent with the ""non-trucks are lava"" implied in the rest of the gameplay.  Some people will be cool with all this, and others will rage.CONS:-Gameplay length: I don't think there's any more than a dozen worlds in the campaign, although this can be extended by playing stuff on the Workshop.  I might try some more levels there, but I don't seem to have found real gems among the hodgepodge there.  Halloween and Holiday themed worlds exist outside of the campaign though.-Ghost UI/settings: I've played through 8 worlds, and the UI doesn't make it clear when or how your ghosts are saved. I just want my best ghost for each level to be saved when I play, and I want to play against my ghost nearly the entire time. That shouldn't be too much to ask to make that easy or have defaults for it. On the pause menu or the level complete menu a Ghost drop down lets me pick like None, Worlds Best, Own Best, Friends Best.  I think I've got it narrowed down to needing to pick Own Best either on the Pause menu or on the complete menu to indicate that I want to save a ghost for the following level (assuming I don't jump around level #s...)-Hacked leaderboards?: Want to play the World's Best level ghosts? I've seen a number that are 0:00:00.  Good luck!"
,Recommended,397950,29518746,Posted: 27 January,all,TheMountainRock,Great Game Its so addictive and fun.
,Recommended,397950,29521958,Posted: 27 January,all,buLLet,Super fun in a very frustrating way! :D  Great game!!
,Recommended,397950,30562722,Posted: 16 March,all,Sh4nks,Its a game. About trucks. yay
,Recommended,397950,25728234,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Hydr0,It's good
76561198190166801,Recommended,397950,25728236,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Chesterkitty100,"Oh man, this game. It is SUPERB! I have only had this game for a small amount of time, but wow. It is so thrilling to play. I have watched other youtubers play it, but the feeling of playing it yourself is amazing. My computer is average, and I have experienced no lag whatsoever.Thanks a bunch Landfall Games!"
76561198109863399,Recommended,397950,25728239,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rieska csgoroll.com,Pros:-You can jump on trucks.Cons:
76561198096097625,Recommended,397950,25728341,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Excuse My Honeybees,It is exactly as fun as it looks.
76561198083341566,Recommended,397950,25728460,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DIVINE FOCUS,do i recommend this game yes i do :)
76561198174880023,Recommended,397950,25728526,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Fiddle Sticks,I love it i recommend it for everyone who likes parkour games. And i Pre-Orderd it so i got T.A.B.S aswell. I'm so happy!
,Recommended,397950,25728527,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,KickPuncher,"The game is so unique and refreshing. It is load of fun, every level makes the same game feel completely new. The workshop intreagtion is perfect, never needing to leave the game to download user created content that is ready to play instantly. Cannot reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,397950,25728649,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ItsNightz,30mins into the game im loving it! Worth the money by a mile! I totally recommend this to any crazy people out there this game makes me go crazy its just so funny and fun
76561198328191765,Recommended,397950,25728875,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,asa.levi.beckett,I bought this on my laptop today. It's so laggy I cannot play it!
,Recommended,397950,25728936,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DropFlair,"Yes.♥♥♥♥ing yes.Thank you Landfall, you gorgeous human beings."
76561197970650315,Recommended,397950,25729020,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RT,"Ow, my thumb.p.s. Grand Dad."
,Recommended,397950,25729067,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,n8's gr8 b8 fo' $8.88™,10/10 would do Matrix truck parkour again
,Recommended,397950,25729099,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Random,"Simple review: I have really enjoyed the game so far, very fast paced and seriously entertaining. And it has a level editor so even when you have eventually completed the campaign you could download custom maps built by the community and continue to play the game even after completion. Plus you earn points for like how fast you completed a level and if you did any ""tricks"" and you can then use those points that will change the gameplay like unlocking a grapple hook or being able to do a second jump ect. So yeah I have really enjoyed what I have played so far (currently put about 30 mins into the game because it was just released)its seriously addictive like it makes you want to play level after level and also fyi I am playing on a laptop and it runs really well. Would recommend if you are looking for a entertaing fast paced paltformer"
,Recommended,397950,25729165,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,bruceify,"Could not recommend this any more then I can.Platform gamers will really like the challenge.And for people who are saying the game is ""too hard"" you need to git gud"
,Recommended,397950,25729166,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bad at Ranked,I've only played through the first world and its amazing! I cant wait to unlock the upgrades and see some crazy custom maps made that can only be beaten by a specific ability! that would be sick.  Also if you record games for youtube then I recommend having a VERY powerful GPU and CPU because my decent set could barely keep 1080p up and running with 60 fps... but who cares about that when 720p is good enough for YT  I give it a  20/10
76561198168747243,Recommended,397950,25729181,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Spencer Wade,In the immortal words of videogamedunkey. this game has a grappling hook 10/10
,Recommended,397950,25729432,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Pigle Rig :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD,"It's awesome. Simple yet fun concept, Lots of levels. Not too difficult but not too easy. Runs really well already. Contains a level editor for infinite content."
76561198056211192,Recommended,397950,25729435,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sanquiso,"Absolutly awesome game! Sometimes a bit tricky to do, but...its worth every cent!"
,Recommended,397950,25729569,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,pennis,"Honestly, I've never said the words ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥(and/or ♥♥♥♥)"" so many times in a game before.This game perfectly captures the intensity needed in action games, and it captures it PERFECTLY.If you're on the verge of buying this, do it. If you love action, great to-the-point gameplay and nice visuals, you definitely need this game.10/10"
,Recommended,397950,25729591,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,StronkWalrus,"It's fun, but i'ts hard, it's just a hughmungus cluster♥♥♥♥ of trucks."
,Recommended,397950,25729845,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Kiwow,"Awesome, fast action-packed game about a trucking amazing version of the floor is lava!"
76561198135968494,Recommended,397950,25729859,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Harsh45,Fun Addictive and fast.  Now if we could just get some VR support this game would be insane!
76561198041330288,Recommended,397950,25729950,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Maxx Saigen,If you like challenging parkour with leaderboards and usermade levels. You will probably love this game!
76561198163032717,Recommended,397950,25730125,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Wizard101,"Amazing Game. Still at the Forest World thing but its pretty damn goodOn a side note :Not sure if this is a glitch or not but when I press Spacebar more than once when it says ""Press any button to retry"" the audio changes to like 80% Static and the Fps drops to around 10. When I press it once, it runs perfectly and I get 60+ FPS.The trucks randomly stop and start moving when I double tap space bar too. Idk why"
76561198139490343,Recommended,397950,25730140,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,-_,"Insane levels, Intense music, and I love it!"
,Recommended,397950,25730194,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Happywart29 skinhub.com,10/10 Best First Person Shooter Ever
76561198145733620,Recommended,397950,25730229,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SeismicNic,It is far too fast for the likes of mortal men.Simple gameplay with few mechanics and a great amount of variance within those mechanics. The game is definitely worth the price.
76561198004586140,Recommended,397950,25730236,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Penny Farthing,"The wind rushes through your hair as you're whipped forward on the top of a semi truck, coursing through the wild lands and maniacal structures as you approach the only thing that matters: that giant red ribbon in the sky.This game is short. 90 levels that just breeze by like a futuristic fan catching you in an updraft. But for a two hour game, what you get is an incredibly polished adrenaline rush. Jumps that are responsive, yet somehow catch the momentum of the moving vehicular platforms below you. Trucks that are chaotic, yet never seem entirely random or unfair. And levels that, while they beat the everloving daylights out of you, are always fresh, new, and spectacular.The abilities... they're not bad. There are some fun little gameplay changes, but for the most part you'll just be keeping to the same one or two, unless you're trying for speedrunning the levels. These abilities will probably be within the first you choose, being so cheap, and because you'll only get some of the more costly ones after you've played through the game one or two games. They spruce up the experience, but unless you strive for perfection or completion, you'll mostly be relying on your own skill throughout the game.Though short, this will be a game you'll end up playing over and over again, playing a few levels here and there after you finish it the first time. Speedrunners will have a field day, but between replayability and the inevitable Steam Workshop levels, chances are you'll get more than your money's worth in the long run."
,Recommended,397950,25733181,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[V101] Zach Wilson,"ITS LIKE ""CRANK 2: HIGH VOLTAGE"" MEETS ""THE WITNESS""BE AGRESSIVENEVER LET GO OF THE SPACEBARDONT HESITATEDONT BE AFRAID TO NOT JUMPNOT EVEN GOD KNOWS THE RULES OF THIS GAMEYOU ONLY LOSE WHEN YOU QUIT"
,Recommended,397950,25730552,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JetBoom,"If you like games like Nitronic Rush, Dustforce, or Trackmania then this is a must play. Haven't seen a physics speed platformer done this well.It only took me 80 minutes total to finish the entire game. The challenge on the campaign never reaches thumb blister levels like Dustforce but hopefully quality custom levels come in. Trying to get record times isn't really worth it because of how easy it is to exploit most of the levels + abilities.I dunno. I thought it would last longer. I'd give this a half thumb up/down if I could."
,Recommended,397950,25733552,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ocelot,"Fun, unique, simple and deep first person platformer. If you like CS surfing i have a feeling you'd enjoy this"
76561198202320173,Recommended,397950,25733605,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Strydr,This is a great game! I have a slower computer but all I had to do was lower the res and it was fineyeah sure $15 is quite a bit but it is worth every cent! (I pre-purchased it for only $13)10/10 will play more
,Recommended,397950,25733654,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,CreamedCauliflower,IT'S TRUCKING FUN AS TRUCK
,Recommended,397950,25733723,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DrDeSync,"This game is so awesome! When I played the demo a long while back I knew I had to get this game, and it was just what I expected... Amazing!"
,Recommended,397950,25733752,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,artmies,"Excellent game, and excellent dev. Very fast hotfix."
,Recommended,397950,25733771,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DankKiller Pat,Seriously one of the best ways I have ever spent my money. My only complaint is that 90 levels seems kinda low especially when onle 2 hours in and I have completed a little over 50 of those levels. Hopefully they will add a few more worlds as either DLC (I hope not) or as free DLC. Also the workshop levels might compensate for the lack of levels at the moment but as of right now there arent many on the workshop. Either way its a really fun game if you wanna talk to you're friends and just chill and beat each others times on each of the levels! 10/10 Awesome Game!
,Recommended,397950,25733840,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,diamondrel,I love the game to bits though it is pretty laggy and i have the minimum system reqs any ideas
,Recommended,397950,25733843,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Crover C. Crewe,This game makes me feel super awsome action movie guy and that one guy who try to look awesome by jumping cross the roof only to hit his balls.one of the most creative game to kill time with style.
76561198066227586,Recommended,397950,25733903,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,certified goober,Good game for the price
76561198130891537,Recommended,397950,25734081,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Gustav the railway gun,Heyy thatsprettyREALLY good!
,Recommended,397950,25758671,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,RelentlessFire95,"Very good first impressions. This is definitely a game that I will be playing for a long time to come, it's a really great game to play when any other game gets boring, but this might be my primary game for a while.  It's hard to pick up at first, but it's definitely worth the price and time to master it. Don't download a community map for easy points, because to my knowledge there is no way to test abilities w/out buying them and there's no way to reset. Also I don't think you can try abilities on community servers so save yourself from being able to buy everything right off the bat. Once this game gets a bigger fanbase and more time to get ""out there,"" there will definitely be some GREAT community maps, but at the time of this review, there are none. Don't even question buying this, it's a money grab for sure. Even if you don't like the game at first, you can refund with steam within 2 hours of playtime and 2 weeks of owning time, i'm sure you know the policy."
,Recommended,397950,25759022,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,✪ Three,THIS WAS AMAING!!!Such a simple premise but turned out to be a entertaining game!! Worth the pricehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyA6mBBKrpU
,Recommended,397950,25759031,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,warp,"Crazy fun, but I think there are a few things to keep in mind before buying.1. The game is somewhat glitchy. A lot of the times when you land on a truck, you clip straight through it. I've also grabbed onto a truck only for the game to fling me in many times the complete opposite direction. This would not be much of a problem if not for the fact the later levels really require you to be fast, and you kinda don't have time to prepare for avoiding clipping.2. Very short. I got 6 hours out of the game, but I did not use abilities and about 50% of my deaths I could attribute to the clipping bug. If you use the abilities and buy the game when the clipping is patched, then I could see the game being only 3 hours long or even 2 hours long.3. While there is workshop support, it's not very much since the game just released.I'm not sure about it being worth $15 at the moment due to it's length, but if you really think you'd find a LOT of fun in it for the price go for it. Or buy it if this you're reading this review when it's old as hell and there's tons of stuff in the workshop"
76561198145092444,Recommended,397950,25759037,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Remnants85,Very Addictive. Great Game
76561198035729566,Recommended,397950,25759217,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Kapitan Kosovo,Calais simulator 2017.
,Recommended,397950,25759427,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Desync,Glorious havoc. Had fun on almost every level and played all 100 levels in 1 day but didn't make top 100 for leaderboards on any level. The fact that someone can beat most levels in 2 seconds makes me think the game has already been hacked (That or someone is just absurdly good at clustertruck).
76561198271922232,Recommended,397950,25745896,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Our Glorious Saviour,"I bought this game for it's borderline obscene title.I stayed for the obscene difficulty.Upon second thoughts, the title is fitting.10/10"
,Recommended,397950,25746046,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,elliot,MLG TRUCKSHOTS 2016
,Recommended,397950,25746114,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Devmonk,"really fun game, you should buy it"
,Recommended,397950,25746514,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ChronoX,Well Its Fun but the menus really glitched but when i got in to the levels it was awesome but i cant use any specials also but still this game is really fun
,Recommended,397950,25746550,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Synth,"Quick facts!Who's going to like this game?If you like score chasing and speedrunning, chaos and mayhem, This game is for you!Is there any coop?Solo only.How long is this game?I'd go for 3-4 hours. I'm on the last level, haven't reached 4 hours.Replayability?With unlockables, custom workshop maps, I'd go for high, even though the campaign is really really short.Can you give me a short description of the game?Yeah sure.Clustertruck is a timetrialling platformer about jumping on moving trucks. Anything else is lava. To aid you traversing the 9 available worlds, you'll pick up along the way style points which will let you buy a small selection of abilities like grappling hook, levitation and double jumps.If that sounds like your cup of tea, definitely try Clustertruck!"
,Recommended,397950,25807094,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Thomas,"I usually dont like or care for parkour games, but this is an exception.Cluster truck is just simply awesome, and the levels get more crazy, better, and fun the further you go along (Also more rage inducing).The game is great, and well worth its price, definatley recomend it."
,Recommended,397950,25807801,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Spam_Hamwich,"A platforming twist on the academy award winning movie, Mad Max"
,Recommended,397950,25804317,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,PenguinCannon,"This game is fun, but is really a ""rage"" game. When you finish a level or do something cool, you feel like the kind of the world. Just get the game, it's worth it."
,Recommended,397950,25804578,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,chemo,"Some people have said this game is too short, but I disagree.Every level in this game feels unique and is not filler, which is rare to see in games.Anyway, it is definitely worth $15. A ridiculous concept done to near-perfection."
,Recommended,397950,25805051,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,gigaherz,"You jump between trucks on levels with absurd traps. It's fun, and the levels are short, so you can play any time. The mechanics are random and quirky, but in a good way. Nothing much else to say. If it has anything bad, it's that there aren't that the 90 levels don't last too long, but it's still very much worth the money.Why are you still reading this? Go play it!"
76561198134677413,Recommended,397950,25793258,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Donkeycorn,"This game was great! I would definitely reccomend it and I would give it a 4.5/5 stars. But, it is very challenging (at least I thought it was) so the final level might be too hard for you (It took me 3 hours to beat it).  But if you like challenging parkour/3D Platformers you might like it. Also, some of the abilities are really cool (Time Slow, Jetpack, Grappling Hook and Supertruck are my favorites). It is also fun to play custom levels and some of them can even get you lots of points to buy abilities (I would only play the custom levels after beating the campaign but it is up to you)."
76561197972746959,Recommended,397950,25793556,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gurk Gork,"Slick controls, pretty visuals, great mechanics, super fun."
76561198296968331,Recommended,397950,25801280,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bertuk,"the game is fun and really pushes youthat is if I could get into the game, most of the time it will say it is luacjing the game but then it closes and reapeats itself and it is really frustrating"
,Recommended,397950,25801954,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,XIII,Really enjoyable game. The abilities really add to this game overall its like a 9/10 for me. The only thing i didnt enjoy was the last level. it really took away from the game for me but thats just my opinion.
,Recommended,397950,25789852,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,gallus gallus sodium chloride,"Honestly, It's a great game. however it hasn't been working lately. It is fun, chaotic and strategic, in a way."
,Recommended,397950,25790410,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ViperdragZ,"the last level is impossible.its not even worth trying, and that kind of ruins the fun."
,Recommended,397950,25790455,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sonic_RocketPotatoL62,"Ah, this game, where to start. . .Clustertruck is great, engaging, quick, fun, and demanding. But that doesn't keep it from being flawed.Pros:-The game immediately engages you into fast and thrilling parkour-levels are short and sweet, but challenging at the same time-the difficulty spike is slow and steady, progressivly adding more madness to the levels-some of the level's designs are very clever-The game is very impressive if you go in blind on the first time you see it.-Has a fair priceCons:-You will find yourself dying right in front of the goal many more times than you would think, which becomes very annoying.-sometimes, the trucks will unpredictably shift directions right before you land on them, causing you to die, this is the kind of death that happens too often to be ignored aswell.-there are many abilities, but they are not at all worth trying. since the cheapest ability and utility you will get are nearly vital to beating the game. especially the first time around.Extra pet peeves:-100% the game did not feel like an accomplishment to me, getting the hardest achievement, ""Pure"". consists of doing the game without abilities, and like I said. those first abilities are nearly vital. the first utility you get, ""time slow"" is a solid counter to overly demanding precision, but without it. the game becomes unnescessarily hard.-beating the game without abilities was actualy boring for me. the constant failed attempts felt like wasted time. all my deaths were percieved as unfair and I just kinda felt empty after beating the final boss.-the final boss used to be a challenge, but due to what I can only assume is because of a bunch of bubble blowing babie's complaints. instead of taking 3 hits, it now takes 2. this is highly offensive to me for whatever reason. but the last hit was a high stakes moment. and removing it, makes the boss fight incomplete. it was really easy even if I didn't have any abilities that time around.Conclusion:Then again, the achievements are optional. playing the game normally for the first time was a phenomenal experience and I don't regret buying it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,397950,25790470,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,coltynstone,"I find this game to be random and exicting. it still needs to be further optimised as my computer will run every level until 4:4 at this level the framerate is so low that even with the slomo ability my game lags a lot. i cannot further progress until this game is more optimised, please fix this soon!!!ALSO when i loaded up the game today i had lost all of my abiliuties! the ones i previously had applied are still active but no abilities are unlocked anymore:(Please fix this because the game is not worth playing until you have repared these isues.thanks and i love the game btw"
,Recommended,397950,25790712,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pooptarts,This is a master piece 10/10 i am hooked
,Recommended,397950,25789061,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Qwerty | Yourkekyoin,"To whoever made Level 8:2, I love you.(Also this is a great game with loads of replayability and challenge etc.)"
76561198319552063,Recommended,397950,25789352,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,G-NANA,"The screen on my computer looks like a heat scanner when I try to play, and I can't see anything!!! Mabye It's my computer or something, but I nwas really looking forward to playing this game and paid $15 for it!!!!!! But I do recommend this game to people, it looks like a fantastic game and I wish This game worked for me, and if you are going to get it I hope It doesn't happen to you either!"
,Recommended,397950,25789481,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Kyolo,"If truck similator ever met mirrors edge, this would be it."
76561198101280739,Recommended,397950,25792235,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,IonlymaxW,You would expect a game full of RNG trucks smashing each other to crash your pcbut you know what atleast I have my totally accurate battle simulator <3
,Recommended,397950,25792318,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Kirby323,"Great game, but seriously need to fix the lag. It doesn't matter what settings I have it on, it always lags out to the point that I can't get my pc to do anything every couple of times I start a level. Still fun though"
76561198194340614,Recommended,397950,25792427,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,smorris827,"Game is really good but, I have a powerful PC and the game is lagging no matter the quality of grafics. I hope you can fix this problem."
,Recommended,397950,25792486,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BALLROOMBLITZ,This game is fricken awesome! I've already gotten to the last level (which I can't beat)! Thank you Landfall for making such an awesome truckformer! I also bought the soundtrack on steam with the collectors edition and I got it off of ITunes!
,Recommended,397950,25788305,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tumbolisu,The best stuntman simulator I have played so far.
,Recommended,397950,25793817,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,marclemore,♥♥♥♥ ya man
,Recommended,397950,25793846,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Fleeting Fox,"It's like the segments from a classic Mega Man game where the platforms disappear and reappear and you have to jump across them, except your head and legs are invisible, the platforms go in unpredictable directions, you're only in control for tenths of a second, and inertia doesn't make a goddamned bit of sense.Still fun though. And very well polished."
,Recommended,397950,25794003,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Bat Country,"Clustertruck is a very stupid game.  You run along the backs of semi trucks, jumping and dodging hazards as you head towards a goal.  Each level is about 10-15 seconds long.  You'll die.  A lot.That's it.  That's the game.  It's very, very stupid.It's also almost ridiculously fun.  I really can't explain it, but this is some of the most fun I've had playing a video game in a long time.  Considering the price, it's well worth purchasing.  I have a sinking suspicion that'll I'll end up sinking hours into this silly thing."
,Recommended,397950,25794059,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BellePelouse,This is what Destiny And No Man's Sky should have been.
,Recommended,397950,25794215,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rainboomer,"This was a very fun game that was challenging and made me rage quite a bit. My only complaint is that I was able to finish the game in just 2 hours and for $15 I dont think that it is quite worth that price. There is some workshop content and custom maps but for the time being there aren't many great ones. Overall if you really want this go for it, but I would personally have waited for it to be on sale. It's still definitely a good game."
,Recommended,397950,25730872,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Vapor Strike,"This game needs a bit of work. That being said It is fun. I do have some performance issues and some balance issues (Jetpack/timestop power up combos) and such but it does what it's supposed to well. There just needs to be further post release support and updates to keep it fresh and fun.Update: They did fix a lot of the item balance issues and they released a hotfix that improves performance. It's still not perfect, but I suspect it will only get better."
76561198160570311,Recommended,397950,25817776,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,epicbapplizer,"Let me take you back towards the start of the year, when the Clustertruck alpha was publicly released. I downloaded it, booted it up, and- it ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It was only in September I learned it had been running  on intergrated graphics. I booted it up on a proper graphics card, and probably put about ten hours into it. I wouldn't have been surprised if it was non-stop.What I wanted from Clustertruck was more. The alpha had about twenty levels, I think, and the SUPERTRUCK April Fools joke added a few more. But, I wanted more. More abilities. More maps. They'd perfected the formula, and I wanted more of it.And God Damn did they deliver.First off, there's a full 90 levels. Each one has a special twist and they rarely feel the same. There's many more abilities (I can't recall the number) and it just feels BRILLIANT. There's also a level editor, and some interesting levelsThe graphics are gorgeous. The bloom, the vibrance, it helps give off the exact vibe the level wants to evoke. Music is fantastic, and I wasn't expecting different tracks. The alpha only had one track, and I would be perfectly fine if the full game had one track. But I vastly prefer the music they have now. Like the graphics, it really does evoke the feel of the level.Gameplay is arguably the most important factor in Clustertruck. You can have a perfectly good amount of fun for £11, but here's a tip from me- try to speedrun this game. You'll be holding down shift a lot more, leaping and running along the side of things you thought you never could, having moments where you wish somebody was recording you, seeing the pros complete levels in a matter of seconds* and trying to get close to their level and maybe, just someday, surpassing them. That's the gameplay. But what makes the gameplay so, so, SO GREAT is the feel. The camera shakes are wonderful. If you land on a truck far away from your original starting point, you'll shake a bit. You get points for doing all kinds of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the camera shakes as your total score increases. Plus, you also unlock abilities from the points gained in levels, so it practically encourages you to do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ True, you could grind, or get better. That learning curve is fair, let me tell you that.So, does the game have any downsides?This is where that * comes in.*Some people have been hacking 0:00 times in, so that sucks.TL;DR Game is amazing. Fun, wacky, perfected to such a precise point, and definitely, DEFINITELY worth the money it's asking. If you like music, I can also recommend the soundtrack, but you can listen to it in game, if you don't mind the sound of a right Clustertruck behind you."
,Recommended,397950,25734755,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Evolved Icon,"You want a fun platformer with leaderboards and fast gameplay? BUY THIS GAME.Excellent mechanics, physics, etc.Also I just love the idea of somebody jumping truck to truck at high speeds trying to avoid obstacles.10/10 BUY IT."
,Recommended,397950,25735020,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Crazymad_Dog,"This game is amazing. I first learned about it in March through FunHaus, then I downloaded the version that was offered on the subreddit and fell in love with the gameplay, and now I have the full release! I have been waiting for so many months and it has lived up to more than what I expected!"
,Recommended,397950,25735096,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,AngeLys,Fun fun fun game.... Just sad it gives me motion sickness... Wow! :D
,Recommended,397950,25734101,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Watersurf,"I enjoy this game and from first hand experience, it's safer than driving in California. 10/10 would truck again."
,Recommended,397950,25730396,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MorbidComplex,I've always wanted to jump infront of a truck. 10/10
,Recommended,397950,25730408,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Raii~chan💗,This is what happens when you click same-day delivery at 11:59.
76561198132224474,Recommended,397950,25730463,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Cpthbou,"the concept of the game is simple, but the gameplay is really good.10/10 would try this in real life"
76561198167238758,Recommended,397950,25730535,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MEplayzGames,"Do you like platforming games? Do you like being completely awesome? Do you like awesome music? Then this is the game for you! Seriusly, this game makes me feel like I can try this is real life. 50 exploding trucks/10"
76561198198654021,Recommended,397950,25744037,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Acyn,"Very nice game. I'm enjoying this a lot. The very last level is bit hard but otherwise it's not too hard or easy. Waiting for more workshop levels to be made, I believe that people can make awesome stuff. Might not be worth 15$ at this state but when more workshop levels are made 100% worth it (you might want to wait for sale since blackfriday is here in about 2 months). I pre-purhased this game and got -20% off."
,Recommended,397950,25744194,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,TrollyTheSolly (DEUS VULT),♥♥♥♥ing insane
,Recommended,397950,25739829,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Cheesey,"Clustertruck is Super Meat Boy in 3D and with more trucks! It's fast, it's insane and you will die and repeat levels a lot, but it's so much fun trying out new ways beating others and oneself.It is a fun game, also a lot of fun with multiple people. There should be a ""party mode"" where one has to beat the time of the other.Other than that: buy it and have a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,397950,25744690,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,God Emperor of Mankind,Graphics and Artstyle 10/10Sound and Soundtrack 10/10It's really F.U.N.F: FastU: Uberly awesomeN: Never gets RepetitiveAnd it's also really damn fun.The levels and worlds are really well made and designed.
76561198204853073,Recommended,397950,25744729,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jacket,"This game is amazing!   This is my favorite game by far, Its very hard but the graphics and the obstacles are perfect!  It also makes you feel like a badass playing it"
,Recommended,397950,25744784,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FoodPoison,"Pure Action, Pure Awesome 10/10https://youtu.be/wuFAcJXma1EI've been following this game and waiting for the release date ever since I saw it being played on YouTube. It is probably one of my favorite casual games out there. But they added a competitive aspect to it? Challenge accepted"
,Recommended,397950,25744819,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,youthotnibba,"I love the game, its really fun!. But there a few glitches like my workshop maps wont show up after the small patch. Optimization could be better because I get a ton of framedrops on a gtx 1060."
,Recommended,397950,25745074,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,RainbowLox,"i prepurchased via steam yet doesnt appear on my profile, at least for me.either way great game. anyone else have this issue?"
,Recommended,397950,25737225,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,pmag,"I love this gameOne thing I have to say about this game is that its kind of short. I beat it in 4 hours starting out with no experience with the game other than watching someone play the first 5 worlds. I'm not saying that's a bad thing though because its a super fun game (except world 8 level 9with the trucks on the cogs... really dislike that level) It also has tons of replayability with the abilities and the steam workshop custom levels.Its kind of like portal 2 in a way, not gameplay wise at all but, its a fun short game that can have custom levels as an option.My only complaint for this game is that you can not actually watch the replays of the records. That can probably be done later in a patch though and it doesn't affect the gameplay at all. I just think it would be cool to actually see the routes people take without having to keep up with them and try focusing on them.Possibly the biggest part of this game that I love is that its a lot like Bunny Hop game modes in CounterStrike, Team Fortress 2, or GMOD but its single player so you don't have to worry about servers being down, or getting lag spikes or any other online issues.Its a fast paced first person platformer with high replayability which I highley recommend"
76561197992003938,Recommended,397950,25737915,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SoulShock,"I played the open alpha of this game for hours, and have been eagerly anticipating release.  The finished product is great, with a lot of new additions, nice new levels (sci-fi zone is fantastic), and bags of speed running potential.  Strongly recommended.----------------If I have one minor complaint it's that the slightly floaty, more fun physics of the alpha seemed to have been toned down a bit in the release version.  Your character feels slightly heavier and less agile, which is a reasonable design decision but for those of us who played a lot of the alpha it feels like the player has been nerfed.  It's certainly not a dealbreaker, and you get used to it, just a little sad."
,Recommended,397950,25737924,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jarp,It's a great game but here are cons and prosCons:- my computer is too bad for this it still lags- only graphic option is fantastic (but you can change bloom and that stuff)Pros:+ Fun game+ I feel like ♥♥♥♥ing ninja while playing thisbut after all i love this game
76561197999809848,Recommended,397950,25737984,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Mr. Decoy,"As a great man once said: Wooshy Woosh!Love this game to bits, half an hour of play and already I am addicted. Only pausing long enough so I can set up my system connected to my TV and watch this on the big screen. If you're looking for an in depth review, I don't have one for you. All I can say is that if you love crazy free running, this is the game for you. If you love laughing yourself silly, buy this game. If you have any spark of life left in you and are contemplating buying this game you are wasting time during which you could be playing Clustertruck!Also, the ost is awesome!"
,Recommended,397950,25734140,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yenoham,So much fun! The game just feels good. It is rare that a game gets me to want to replay over and over something I have already completed. It is just fun. Also a great multitasking game!
,Recommended,397950,25734170,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,NickShock,My doctor reccomended this game to me as an alternative to heroine.10/10 I want my life back.
,Recommended,397950,25734204,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,VHS__Tape,"Played the beta for hours, loved every second. The final release is more of the same truck hopping hijinks.Frustratingly funInteresting power upsVaried and interesting level designPhysics bending challengesHigh replay value, and level editorLeaderboards, with ghost optionsClean, simply aestheticDecent soundtrackI would absolutely love a VR mode. I know some people have weak stomachs when it comes to locomotion in VR, but I believe the best way to deal with VR sickness is to power through. I completely overcame any feeling of VR sickness after a week of owning a Vive, but I understand it takes longer for others to get use to (especially if they don't try it again, after their first bad experience). This game has too many crazy moments to pass up though, trucks barreling off of cliffs straight towards you, gravityless canyons in the road, gigantic pile ups, I think to truly get the sense of scale of it all would be fantastic. I would even pay extra for VR implementation.Truck/10"
,Recommended,397950,25734219,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Pressie,"Easily the most fun game i bought this year, probably goty material, its such a blast.If you have a sense of humor, buy it, if you dont, still buy it and embrace the chaos."
,Recommended,397950,25734220,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SmartCuteBoy123,"Really,really fun although it is really difficult to play with all the motion blur. If there were to be a lower graphics option, that would be awesome."
,Recommended,397950,25734237,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Vector,This game is a great quick time waster and really uh made me scream into a pillow worth it
,Recommended,397950,25734240,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,(^:P,A rousing political commantary on the role of large motor vehicles within an egalitarian society.
76561198082270090,Recommended,397950,25734322,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Leura,Imagine a dev team that thought of every crazy super fantasy you ever had then add trucks.
76561198022032242,Recommended,397950,25807070,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lucky 5,Never in my life have I once thought I would be playing a game where you jump on trucks. This game is frustrating but its really cool jumping like ur in the matrix. Super satisfying to complete a level.
,Recommended,397950,25796996,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MAD_JIHAD,Its a fun game to pick up and play. I havent run into any issues after completing the campaign. Has a good level editor and workshop which is nice.
76561198078323769,Recommended,397950,25797372,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,jeffrey,"Super! Truck! Super! Truck!Nice game, i recommend it to everyone that has 15 euros!Super! Truck! Super! Truck!"
,Recommended,397950,25763197,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lunaea Domia,It's really well made and really good but very not my type of game. If you tend to like games similar to this one this is an excellent one.
76561198040277451,Recommended,397950,25763362,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Glutton,EZ
76561198212469660,Recommended,397950,25763390,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Buttered Sandwiches,"Its not bad from what ive seen its just it wont load ,_,"
,Recommended,397950,25763526,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,CroTino,One of the best games I have ever played.My opinion:I have played the game when it was in pre-alpha  and it is really fun! 10/10Pros:FunFastParkourSlow motion can make some momets really epic.Cons (at least for me):When I launch the game the program doesnt respond for 30 seconds and after that it turns on (Windows 10).Overall  the game is awesome and it is worth buying it!
,Recommended,397950,25747306,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,UselessVempt,This game is so addictive and thrilling that your body will start to move with it11/10 would dangerously jump from truck to truck with special abilities again
,Recommended,397950,25747371,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jolx,"Don't listen to those people who say its a terrible game, they are just scrubs who can't play fast paced and difficult platformers!"
76561198065959204,Recommended,397950,25747400,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Doggo,If every person on Earth wants Same Day Delivery...This is what it would look like.
,Recommended,397950,25747449,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,fetzu,"Seriously addictive. Will anger you, but in a good way."
76561198162689843,Recommended,397950,25760859,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,"Hi, I'm Josh",Amazing level design! very creative and interesting levels that get crazier as you progress.
,Recommended,397950,25761101,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CalmRice,stupidly fun
,Recommended,397950,25729817,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,punkonjunk,"If you're like me, you've wondered ""What if sonic the hedgehog was roughly 10x as fast, and sonic was on crack, meth and PCP, and could occasionally explode trucks?""All these answers, and more, are available for only 14.99."
,Recommended,397950,25757777,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,John Smith,I still can't get over the fact that they came up with such a clever name for this game.
,Recommended,397950,25757787,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,That One Potato Gamer,"https://youtu.be/bS8GSBf3FVAVery well polished platformer that harkens back to the old days of platforming glory. Very fun though some levels can be completed easily even without much experience. Active community developing their own ideas with the editor.9/10 would definetly recommend to all my gaming buddies, not just the platformer loving ones."
76561198278451036,Recommended,397950,25758418,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,HERE COMES A DEAD MEME,"I pre-ordered Clustertruck, it was totally worth the wait"
,Recommended,397950,25732863,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,BmeBenji,This game is exactly what a casual action platformer should be. You have all the control you need to pull off some sick♥♥♥♥♥stunts while avoiding touching anything but trucks.Is it fun? YesIs there a lot of content? Ask me in a few hours.
,Recommended,397950,25732896,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Frunko,Butt Clenching Simulator 2016
,Recommended,397950,25732899,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rocketsurgeon,"Playing the copy legit 5 seconds after they released the game, if you keep turning your mouse down, it won't stop at your feet and your POV will flip upsidown and look out your back. Same if you look up. Literally unplayable.But honestly, whenever a match was starting (or you died) in some old unreal engine game like Red Orchestra, you'd get to freecam. I'd move the camera around sporadically, acting like I was dodging objects.That's pretty much what this game is but with better graphics. Still has the POV glitch too,10/10 for fun and nostalgia"
76561198055440050,Recommended,397950,25732922,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,LordTachyon,"Very fun, and unique game! I love it so far, it's very challenging, and i can see speed runs of this game being super intense as well!"
,Recommended,397950,25732949,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,d3fault,"I've waitd for this game for like, 3 years. I remember seeing it on reddit. So glad it finally released.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING. So much fun. Good job devs. I'm proud of you."
76561198058365914,Recommended,397950,25733056,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Balls Mahoney,You know its fun when you're laughing out loud alone.
,Recommended,397950,25733085,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,"it's yah boy, Skinny Penis.","This game is insanely fun. The soundtrack is amazing. I never got angry or frustrated when I died, I always saw  it as an oppertunity to try some new combo."
,Recommended,397950,25733089,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,{JSRL} Bodhi's Pool Repair,BUY IT NOW FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF TWO PAYMENTS OF 19.95!
,Recommended,397950,25762122,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,420 Yoloscope Johnson,"This is the most anticipated game of the year. Bought it, played it, loved it! Phsyics are hysterical and keep you wanting to beat the level. I've died more times than I can count so far but the game keeps it entertaining. Music is great and I can't wait to see what all the upgrades do!"
,Recommended,397950,25762646,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,zornor,"An excellent, fast-paced first-person platformer with a kickass soundtrack. If you enjoy bunny hopping and unique jumping mechanics then definitely grab it."
,Recommended,397950,25732229,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,winrarphile,"Although a bit short, it's a well made game, especially for going fast. Real fast.Oh, and uh, trucks."
76561198036870219,Recommended,397950,25732245,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ProvoloneCheese,"It's everything that it needs to be, fast, fun, challanging, and it looks and sounds fantastic."
76561198069520190,Recommended,397950,25732378,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sacky,"Very fun, controls are nice, and the levels and abilities give lots of variety."
,Recommended,397950,25732429,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Kattmamma,Pretty good.
76561198173041421,Recommended,397950,25732850,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,magicjack09,I really like this game its made for parkour so if u dont like parkour than this game isnt for u really like it ;]
,Recommended,397950,25729610,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,CircledCircle,Clustertruck is a ClusterF**k of a game. But in a really good way. I just wanted to do the Clustertruck sounds like clusterf**k joke.
76561197971757091,Recommended,397950,25729644,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ape,i like the game but the game rans crap on my windows 8 laptop :(
76561197984510079,Recommended,397950,25729746,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rakdinas,clustered trucked truck cluster truck. truck cluster truck truck.cluster/truck
,Recommended,397950,25729763,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RWB JORDY,EXPLOSIONS!!!!!!!!11/10
,Recommended,397950,25729822,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sesser,"Played the first 10 levels. A lot more to go, just needed to write that this game is fantastic."
76561198191333182,Recommended,397950,25734326,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,sandiegohook,this game rocks!!! i want more people to play this!!!
76561198012264876,Recommended,397950,25734396,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sir Bingham,The most innovative truckformer I've played in years!
,Recommended,397950,25734445,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Thirty2BitGamer,"You run on top of several trucks smashing into each other while avoiding flamethrowers, lasers, and the explosive remains of other exploded trucks, among other things. You can get abilities that cause you to add slow motion into the mix, one that makes you do flips, one that gives you a jetpack, and another that makes you go back to a truck after going on another truck middair falling towards other trucks that are also falling. The amazing soundtrack helps on your truck escapades giving you more motivation. So you want more trucks. More abilities. More high scores.  More trucks... Do the level again, faster. More Trucks. Fast trucks slow trucks medium speed trucks...MORE TRUCKS!!!! BACKWARDS FORWARDS SIDEWAYS TRUCKS! THE TRUCK ADDICTION MUST BE FED!!!!!!!!!Oh and it's only $15, too.Give me one reason this is not needed in your life.Found any?Thought so.10/10 Trucks, Trucks, and more Trucks"
76561198115859577,Recommended,397950,25734654,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SYSTEM,if anyone knos how to get past the ancint level 9 tell me
,Recommended,397950,25734671,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Dr.Tiger_Cookie,the most realistic trucking game in 2016
76561198035610921,Recommended,397950,25734694,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,FLASHPOINT RIOT,Fast pased and fun!
76561198019072812,Recommended,397950,25876639,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SGrose,"Although fun, this game is just way too damn short for its price tag...$15 for something that I beat (the campaign, obviously not the user levels) in roughly 2 hours...thats really not superb...so for LESS money I could buy a pretty large amount of AAA games that offer me 10x the gametime...Don't get me wrong...this game is fun, great concept, mixing ""the floor is lava"" with crazy physics-based traps and mechanisms, its very unique...but definitely ain't worth the money...if this dropped down to the $5-$10 range than maybe, but this game is the same price as like...Skyrim or Fallout 3...The only issues I have with this game's GAMEPLAY is that due to the nature of the physics and the truck physics, you can get totally screwed over if a truck reacts to an impact or a jump in an unexpected way.I am recommending this game, but only if its price gets dropped"
,Recommended,397950,25876875,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,ion,Butt clenched during entire playthrough. 100% would recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,397950,25884976,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bigby Chese,This game is amazing! The random nature of the game makes it super fun and it never gets old.10/10
,Recommended,397950,25883434,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kiwi,"I remember playingSpiderman 2on the PS2 and attempting to jump from vehicle to vehicle in quick succession, similar to how I tried to replicate the idea in later games likeJust Cause 2andPrototype. However, I always imagined the concept to work better in aSonic The Hedhehoggame... But no.How It PlaysInstead, Clustertruck delivers a polished concept of what I previously attempted in other games and offers 90 exciting  levels designed to test your reflexes and challenge your thought process by jumping from truck to truck to get from point A to B. While trucks wobble along a straight path, you are expected to predict every truck's movement to create your own path to the end goal without touching the floor or most parts of the environment, much like playing a first person 'floor is lava' game.Upgrades are available which offer different advantages to playing levels. You can only equip 2 at a time, so there's some strategy with what upgrades you choose. To unlock them, you must acquire skill points by performing stunts, beating time records and completing levels. Replaying levels is necessary to unlock every upgrade, but that's no issue because this game is a heck of a lot of fun! Not to mention, some upgrades offer really silly ways to play the game!The Good And The BadThe speed your character goes is incredible when you use momentum to your advantage, throwing yourself off the side of trucks forward to gain better upward force or simply jumping smoothly from truck to truck. However, the game is actually, surprisingly easy until half way into the campaign levels. I only found challenge later on. Then again, the learning curve is very well done, since casual gamers may be attracted to the simple (yet good looking) graphics and appreciate a slower paced challenge progression. Afterall, there is a lot of spacial awareness being used in this game that can drive some people insane without patience.Thankfully, there is a great FOV slider, and the ability to download custom maps from the Steam Workshop is a great treat. In addition... THE SOUNDTRACK IS SO GOOD. This is super important, since the game needed a fast paced soundtrack to keep up the hype of completing a level in the coolest way possible.Now for the bad stuff. Playing this game with Vsync off made for a stuttery experience for me, so turn that crap on. Secondly, playing with TSAA on makes for a blurry visual experience, but offers motion blur as well, which makes the game appear faster than it actually is, which also helped me focus on trucks better once I approched them at high speed. Also, the level editor is super annoying to use, with glitches and physics based malfunctions happening a lot. I really wanted to create my own level, but got too annoyed by the fact I couldnt click on a lot of objects without my click being registered. Finally, the 90 levels go by too quickly. It only took me 6 hours to complete them, with the final boss (yes, you heard) only really taking a few attempts to defeat.Nontheless, each level is created brilliantly, with some levels begging to be replayed over and over again just ebcause they are so much fun to replay! This game will thrive more once the Workshop is full of greatly made levels and I will play this game more and more the greater the amount of levels there are to play.VERDICT#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThis game is one of the best games I have played in a while. The simple gameplay is easy to learn, but very difficult to master, recquiring patience and great reflexes to test your spacial awareness in a fast moving digital environment. Play for the thrill, then ragequit to come back later to apologise for leaving the game alone for too long, begging for more thrills and excitement. Buy this game!"
76561198261386508,Recommended,397950,25883046,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Love games like this! Parkour and chaos. :D
,Recommended,397950,25884391,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,serz,"Really fun game, responsive controls, ok music, well scaled difficulty.Only problem is that the leaderboard is allready crammed with cheaters so theres very little competetive drive to do levels better once you've completed them wich is a shame."
,Recommended,397950,25885778,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,P4RK3R,Amazingly frustrating yet satisfyingly enjoyable.10/10
,Recommended,397950,25886631,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CONXFLY,I love this game! The last level was a little tricky for me though. I am currently working on the pure achievement
76561197970133179,Recommended,397950,25862641,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,agent6488,"Lots of fun, fast-paced, spatial action. Similar to DeadCore, which is exactly what I was hoping for. In that game however, and other first-person games, I've experienced better movement and abilities.Everything in Clustertruck seems to be a bit undertuned, maybe to maintain the ""cluster"" factor. Grappling hook sent me flying past trucks, air movement is very limited, momentum can get a bit out of control, truck physics can change between restarts."
,Recommended,397950,25863298,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,potatoman103021,"Hours of fun, worth every cent."
,Recommended,397950,25863676,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zerrvr,Loved it. 10/10
,Recommended,397950,25859044,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,GS SHITTYCOMPUTER,BEST. PLATFORMER. EVER.
76561198126547201,Recommended,397950,25850951,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,JustAnotherStarlord,Buy this game if you want to spend alot of time making grunts and explosion noises.want proof?https://youtu.be/WrFJhhZuIbU11.5/10would make noises again
,Recommended,397950,25846684,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Soapbottle,Clustertruck- Its a cluster♥♥♥♥.
76561198298965896,Recommended,397950,25841175,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ori-0n,"Basic concept, jump on trucks, get to the goal. But the amount of creativity in these levels is amazing! The abilities are awesome as well, haven't tried all of them but for now my favorite is SUPER! TRUCK! SUPER! TRUCK! SUPER! TRUCK!Well worth the asking price in my opinion!"
,Recommended,397950,25849726,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Pussay Patrol,Awesome Game Love It
,Recommended,397950,26189627,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ConorPo,"This is the most fun I've ever had playing a video game. Completing the game your first time takes about 10 hours so it's well worth the money, not to mention all the custom levels. But for me this game was so fun that I played it many times and I now speedrun it. Here is my overview:PROS:-Incredibly fun and satisfying gameplay-Great level design-Different ways to play-Amazing Soundtrack-Visually pleasing art-style-Quick load times where you can instantly retry a level-Awesome GIF-worthy momentsNUETERAL-Some Replayability-Selection of abilitiesCONS-Annoying RNG in some levels like 1:8,  3:8,   7:9, and 9:4-Not enough levels"
,Recommended,397950,26242488,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Voips Has Gay,"Get it. This is a game about getting trucked in a cluster. Feeling like killing yourself when .001s away from getting 999th on the leaderboard, and then going to therapy. Your finger slipped? Level failed. You may not understand it, BUT YOU WILL DIE. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO SURVIVE YOUR FIRST TRY ON THE LAST LEVEL, IT IS IMPOSSIBLE. YOU. WILL. DIE. It is like being in the middle of Matthew, unless you get so lucky, YOU WILL DIE."
76561198168831531,Recommended,397950,26236156,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Stalker,"KABOOM! CRASH! ZAP! 'I FRICKEN JUMPED ON IT!' Wow this game is a blast! This is the ultimate truck jumping simulator when you rely on your trucks to stay alive! (The truck drivers are probably drunk.) Travel through diffrent levels and worlds each with thier own obstacle and level of difficulty (dont forget possibilities of rage) so if you like dodging and jumping, this is the game for u!"
,Recommended,397950,26140062,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,esependejo,pretty fun jumping from truck to truck
,Recommended,397950,25732280,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Kakashi147,MORE LIKE CLUSTER♥♥♥♥ its so worth it Hours of game play ;)still good
76561198093622544,Recommended,397950,27374167,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EscapeFear,Truck Parkour.Enough Said.
76561198022415513,Recommended,397950,27384829,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,neozephyrox,Smooth as butter. Pure Game. No BS. Just get to truckin.
,Recommended,397950,27354081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Defaultsound,"Very fun game, as a CS:GO bhop fan, this game fills my hopping needs in a challenging and unique way. Jumping from truck to truck couldn't get any better than this. If you like jumping and hopping then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,397950,27331484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ActiveExplosive @ YouTube,"Fantastic game, didn't think i would like it that much at first, but its one of my favourites :)"
76561198314777225,Recommended,397950,27379077,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,voltron2089,good game
76561198094042706,Recommended,397950,27221118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pure Vanilla,Clustertruck? More like... Cluster ♥♥♥♥. BWAHAHABAHABABABBABAHSGJDBRBWNSKNCBDNEKEKDN
76561198249155162,Recommended,397950,27249465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zetlin,Ridiculous fun.
,Recommended,397950,27249650,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PDDobster,For such a simple idea there is so much to it
,Recommended,397950,27273423,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Klaxsun,TRUCK TRUCK TRUCKVery fun with enough content for the price and TRUCKS.
76561198141068098,Recommended,397950,27276293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,imac,truck truck truck
76561198104244078,Recommended,397950,27312118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Weaponised Autism,Would not recommend you play for more than 30 minute intervals or your eyeballs melt. 10/10 soundtrack tho
76561198053649856,Recommended,397950,27314441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A. Nice-Guy,"The only reason I stopped playing, was that the game got too laggy for my PC."
,Recommended,397950,27283218,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shrymp,"Trucks and parkour, what's not to like about it?This game was fun and the mechanics are super easy to learn. You literally play the first level and you already know what you're doing. And once you start playing, you can't stop. My only complaint was that it was a little too easy and it only took about 2 hours to beat all 90 courses and the other 10 Halloween courses. However, I do like how you can download custom maps that the community has made.What I would like to see in this game are a multiplayer and coop mode, since those are major selling points for me and a lot of other gamers. I also hope the devs add more courses and another boss fight that are more difficult to beat."
76561198279883190,Recommended,397950,27286624,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hustle,"FUN STUFF!love this game, i've only had it for a while but i think its a fun and interesting experience.maybe a bit low on content but there is community stages and it has great replayablility!"
76561198109994548,Recommended,397950,27300647,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nibla333,Such a simple concept with absolutely fantastic gameplay.
76561198004499060,Recommended,397950,27303327,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,General Party,"Diffuculty in the last levels spicked a bit, otherwise great game"
,Recommended,397950,27073009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RGeezy911 ☕,"Yes, it is exactly as you see it in the images and videos.Fast-paced, random, explosive, anti-gravity action with trucks. Good fun."
,Recommended,397950,27070674,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kingking10,Trucks and parkour.Combining the two was easy.Beating the result is the hard part.
,Recommended,397950,27041122,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SamuelGB,"This game is insane. Fun and hard at the same time, while making you feel like a badass for jumping from truck to truck."
76561198087282028,Recommended,397950,25731294,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,lastsonof7,For any vr hmd users you MUST try this game with VorpX. Test out those old vr legs heh. I'd say pull the zoom out anything between 52 and 56. It's AMAZING!!
,Recommended,397950,25731301,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,This Isn't a Portal Gun...,"Having played the alpha and (admittedly, only a little of) the release version, this game is everything I could have hoped for.You jump on trucks from point A to point B. The mechanics are well thought-out and make the game a lot of fun, even after replaying a level over and over again to beat a previous record.If this game sounds interesting, you'll probably love it."
,Recommended,397950,25731311,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,WetWilly,its lit.
,Recommended,397950,25731328,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Pawn,"So far I really like the game. It's kinda annoying thatthere's no exclusive fullscreenthough as the controlls ♥♥♥♥ up (start pulling to the right) if my mouse goes over to my second monitor. If I tab out and into the game this fixes it temporarily, but it's still really annoying. I hope this gets fixed soon. Gonna try playing with a contoller until then.All in all a fun (if a bit frustrating) game that just need a exclusive fullscreen mode."
76561198066299657,Recommended,397950,25731357,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Muda,"If you enjoy adrenalin pumping fun, this game is for you.Serioisly this is the most fun I've had in a while. It's worth the price!I give this game a ♥♥♥♥loadoftrucks out of 10. Would make my willy tickle again."
,Recommended,397950,25731359,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Larry the Cucumber,This game is one hell of a cluster♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,397950,25731491,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Knaves,"This game is literally something that I have been waiting for my entire life.Landfall Games actually presented us a game that can waste some time if we need to, and even better players can make custom levels for others to try out!This game is fantastic, be sure to buy it!10/10"
,Recommended,397950,25731534,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Squiggly Wiggly,"The game is really amazing, the physhics are perfect and the abilitilys make the game easier.8-10 is really hard, harder then the last level.Please buy this game."
,Recommended,397950,25731549,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mime.,Worth the wait. 10/10 would cause truck mayhem again
,Recommended,397950,25731571,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MultiShook,"This game should recieve an award for Game with Most Descriptive Name, because this game is exactly what is says on the tin, give or take a few letters. ;)Clustertruck even at its most frustrating is a BLAST. When you die repeatedly, you normally still pull off CRAZY stunts every run and even if you don't really do that well when you do finally finish the level, you still sit back and think ""Holy crap that was awesome"".The only things I would warn about is that on a lower end GPU, framerate takes a hit at the Medieval section (and maybe farther). A big hit. On a Nvidia GT 730 (like I said, low end) I went from 40ish FPS to 20ish when I started that section.The other thing is that some obstacles can be used as jumping points while others kill you instantly and it isn't obvious what does which.I can't say much about the custom levels and whether they're a large selling point yet. The game has been out for 5 hours at this point.Overall, even with these issues, the game is a blast. It it's on sale you MUST pick it up, and at $15 you should grab it anyways. It's really worth it."
,Recommended,397950,25731684,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bob7010,"Friend: ""wanna play overwatch?""Me: ""CLUSTERTRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK""Friend: ""okay then"""
76561198192727563,Recommended,397950,25731710,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RedKingCC,This game isnt hard to run and is a great game to just have fun with.
76561198092182539,Recommended,397950,25731808,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Benhanoo,"It is what it is, and it does it well. Beautiful and simple artwork hides some complex and very difficult stages. You unlock powers with style points which you earn through doing tracks. All in all enjoying it very much."
76561198239973416,Recommended,397950,25731903,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Entire Population Of Russia,really fun and intense10/10 with rice
,Recommended,397950,25731922,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,leanscott,"Watching and playing this game is definitely a gap. This game is both fun and addicting in many ways. After just playing it for 50 minutes I can assure you the price is worth it. It may look limited, but it is very fun and has a variety of things to unlock to mess around, redo levels, and play creator levels.5 clustertrucks out of 5"
,Recommended,397950,25731976,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mehtteri,undertales musicsuper hots graphicshot line miami's ragetons of diffrent play stylestons of levelsa costom level systemjust buy the damn game i garentee good times
76561198217483369,Recommended,397950,25732010,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yung Suicide,Its actually very fun and addicting worth the money
76561198088951541,Recommended,397950,25732015,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Marshmellow cs:golive.com,Very fun 10/10
,Recommended,397950,25732117,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Polar,"Ridiculously fast and exciting. The truck physics make each run different, making it feel like you always have a chance to get through a tough level you've been stuck on. Leaderboards and unlockable abilities (with lots of combinatorics) add a ton of replay value. Definitely get it if you're into 3D platformers!"
,Recommended,397950,25776288,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,concept_vipereon,"The game for me with or without capture runs with skips and is not smooth. Any resolution doesn't help, there should be option for fasters, there is only fantastic, that's a huge mistake. This is surely NOT the full game, but you make it out to be so. Bad form. Use full terms not initials in options. idk what assdd or whatever it is means. ttao. idk. Music is great, concept is great. Runs bad, I do not stay on my spot on the truck I fall off randomly. Feet should plant when landed."
,Recommended,397950,25785412,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,MilesNocte,"This game is amazing. So much fun and has a lot of replay value.Creat speedrunning flatformer. Isk seems like a 3d platformer on trucks. Pretty cool.90 levels, abilities, and so much more. You can play all 90 then activate some abilities, and then paly them again and they are very replayable."
,Recommended,397950,25776051,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Gamer5955,Its fun but laggy and if you know how to fix the lag please let me know
,Recommended,397950,25776442,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Wildcard777,Amazing sound track and a crazy addicting game style. Also has replay value!
76561198078230699,Recommended,397950,25776612,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sproux,It's really fun
,Recommended,397950,25783388,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Storm,JUUUMPING ON TRUUUUUUCKS
,Recommended,397950,25783547,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,i sent my bitch to the store,"A really fun, casual and challenging game! Honestly anybody could play it!"
,Recommended,397950,25786343,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,PizzaCake!,"2.5 hours to complete the game. Obviosuly you can download more levels or make your own or try to improve your time in the levels you've beaten. You be the judge if the price is fair when you consider these things.The game is VERY fun! Especially if you don't ""look ahead"" with YouTube videoes or reviews telling what the later levels are like. Because I was honestly going ""How do they come up with this?!""Most of the time you feel like you died because you made a wrong move. But some levels will have you yelling ""What the hell?! I jumped you stupid game!"" but I only felt like that in 2-5 levels.You won't know what's ahead of you so you're gonna have to try a few times to beat the later levels. Which is pretty fun! It makes for some ""pleasent"" surprises!Overall it is a pretty fun and crazy game which will at least give you 2-3 hours of fun (depending how good you are at it) and then you can always come back to it later and jump around again.The price is possibly a bit too high but I'd still recommend it! (Unless you tend to get major mad when playing games)"
,Recommended,397950,25786584,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,McCookie,meh.5/7
,Recommended,397950,25784722,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ronny the Outlaw | MeEioTV,"Just finished the campaign after 4 hours.There are some custom maps, but im done with it.Loved the game. Maybe they add some new official maps."
,Recommended,397950,25826743,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,jay,"This game is insane! You can fly through the campaign pretty quick, but after that there are thousands of workshop levels that are super fun. I only have 2 hours on this game, but i think there will be much more time put into it later on!"
76561198166661299,Recommended,397950,25828976,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,dogedoge,"its a land fall game, you know you need it when its land fall"
,Recommended,397950,25825740,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Irrelevant,This is one chaotic a fast platformer. The combination of the speed of the truchs and the movement speed of the player makes for some crazy fast and adrenaline pumping action. Inventive level design allows for some crazy acrobatics and speed runs. This is one of the best platformers of this year.
76561198325930867,Recommended,397950,25910810,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DragonGAMING050,Love this game its one of my favorites of 2016
,Recommended,397950,26075148,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Raz,It has replayability with mods (maps) but other than that the 90 levels that are included in the game was fun to go through but was honestly either too easy or I was too good at the game (prolly the former)I beat the game in 2 hours.
,Recommended,397950,26074115,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ebithril,"It's very cliche and basic...BUT HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING CRAP IS IT FUN!!!I can not believe how ♥♥♥♥ing much fun I have had with this game in the few hours that I have owned it.It... jsut reminds me of the feelnig of being a kid.A kid enjoying it's first action movie.The feeling of speed. Leaping several trucks in a single bound. The gadgets/powers. The trucks colliding and flying.In certain levels, it is like an action epic!Only complaints are nitpicks or subjective thnigs that would be nice to see or added in patches/future releases.Things I'd like to see- A way to access your power from inside a level or level select.(This is a PC, we have the buttons and the screen space for more options.- A charachter model.Some arms or legs, so you really have a feel for your charachter. Because, while you do not have a body, you can still hit your ""legs"" when jumping over things.- A replay feature with free camrea.In conjunctino with the charachter model... I imagine watching that one perfect run in replay, watching the spectacle from different angles!That would be so sweet!While there is more, that is enough said... This game is a LOT of fun, and worth playing! :)"
,Recommended,397950,26074649,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,⭐breadstick⭐,10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clenching experience
76561198109666601,Recommended,397950,25958359,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,claptrapgaming,great game 10/10the only problem is with the slow time it is fliping me upside down when i use it it did not do that before :(but is great game!!! :)
76561198278687471,Recommended,397950,25999746,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mikey,"To be honest, this game is amazing, but here are some things you'll need to know before buying:Pros: Fun gameplay, great soundtrack, challenging levels, and user-made levelsCons: Will probably run poorly and a normal computer, the controls delay when you press them, and this game will make you RAGE!!!However, it's still an amazing game that I recommend."
,Recommended,397950,25900958,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,potatototo,"unique game i love it 8.8/10pros : awesome soundtrack, very fun to play overallhas a considerable amount of skill requiredthe game tries to keep up with its own pacerestarting a level requires 1 click, no loading screenslower levels are somewhat slow but that is to remain somewhat newbie friendly to people who dont do alot of speed runningthe visuals fit the game's aesthetic very well and nicelycons : wonky physics, doing the same thing over and over again gives different resultsthough i guess thats the limits of the unity enginequite inconsistent and can be frustrating at timeleaderboard is full of hackers, there is no method in the game that allows u to finish it in 0 secondsit might be me but i think a ""second"" in this game is half a second in real timesome parts in the game require you to slow down so suddenly, which really cuts off the fun of speedrunning for mewhats the point of slowing down in a speed running game?physics tend to randomly glitch out sometimes, or that might be just unity being unitysometimes you will slide off a truck, clip through it, or fall into tiny crevisesthe box of which the player is supposed to be is in the size of a ♥♥♥♥ing needle which generates some ""wtf"" momentsneedles to say, this isnt a great speedrunning game, its VERY luck basedalot more luck then skill goes into this game and leaderbord is all hackersu can even spectate them and watch as they ""magically"" fly to the goal, or just insta tp to the goal and complete the level in 0:000 seconds/millisecondsi bought the game for 12.53 usdand overall i had fun with it and i think you should try the game if you are into rolling dice or luck based games, however there is still a small speedrunning aspect in the game as u are required to be quick at some pointsgreate game overall"
76561198016687353,Recommended,397950,25879006,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,CliffordStone,Clustertruck is one of those things I did not know I needed until I got it. Absurd and chaotic fast-paced platforming combined with a great soundtack makes for a very enjoyable and addicting game.So play it already you dingus!
,Recommended,397950,25879090,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BΛMES,"A fantastic, thrilling truckformer. After beating it again with no abilities, I'm confident in saying I LOVE THIS GAME. The controls are perfect, the music and aesthetic are fun and fitting, and the levels are great. Mostly. If I had one major gripe with the game, it'd be that certain levels (the ""roller"" levels in world 3 and 9, the ""cannon"" levels in world 7 and 8, and occasionally the world 5 levels) can come down almost entirely to physics and RNG. Abilities smooth this out a bit, but it can make a purist run very annoying. But that's maybe 10 less-than-stellar levels in a game with 90 of them, and the rest are all well-designed and fun.  A single playthrough will only take you a couple hours, but the game is replayable to no end, and there's a level editor. An absolute must-play if you like fast-paced action."
,Recommended,397950,25892887,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,A Very Fancy Pyro,"Okay, This game is awesomebuy it and see why"
76561198288734458,Recommended,397950,25893064,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CHKIENLEE,its a great game but doesnt run that well on my laptop
76561198328380635,Recommended,397950,25887043,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Solid Snek,Good game but it deleted all of my abilitys at level 10-10
,Recommended,397950,25933855,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Sebben,"I usually don’t write reviews for games, but this one though..Game of the year!  I had so much fun in this game, definitely recommend!"
76561198038934558,Recommended,397950,25914510,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,hipstagram,took me 5.5 hours to beat it. This is the first speed run game I have played and boy is it amazing. You can use abilities to make it harder or easier on yourself. It never gets repedetive because it is a physics based game that changes what the trucks are going to do everytime. Definitley worth the 15 dollars I spent. probably going to replay it many times with new abilities.
76561198163401442,Recommended,397950,25843308,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Familiauto479,why is the trucks not moving for me?
,Recommended,397950,25843832,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Pandeyos,Just an amazing game that is very intuitive
,Recommended,397950,25840329,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,1v1 Police,"I never had that much fun with a game which has this little content. It's fast paced, has a a high skill ceiling and replay value."
,Recommended,397950,25833941,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Un Seau,"Original, and clearly designed by people who know what they are doing. It is a pretty easy game if getting to the finish is your goal, but this is a speed running game. All of It's elements reflect speed and going faster than you did before, so if you beat all levels in under 3 hours, you still haven't beat 1st place. I am mostly in the top 50s on every course, and planning a faster route and executing it is extremely fun! I recommend it to hardcore gamers and casual gamers because both can enjoy it!"
,Recommended,397950,25776941,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,arkthehero,"Get good or get trucked.Seriously, this was a good time!  If the trailer doesn't sell you on it, I doubt there's anything I could say to sway you.  Only issues with my play through were that my first choices of power/utility (levitation and slow time) were apparently the most OP in the game so I breezed through the whole thing until the final stage, which was so ridiculously difficult that it probably tripled my play time all by itself (though they just updated today to make that stage less impossible).  I only encountered one glitch during my play through (on that last stage), and there was a quick restart option in the menu to put me right back in the action.Edit:17 hours of play and I'm pretty well done now unless more levels are added. Since my initial review, a few friends picked the game up, and the addition of racing the ghosts of my friends added a lot of fun to the experience! Racing for fastest times also requires you to equip more interesting abilites that can give you quite an edge with practice. As likely my final visit to this game for a while, also blew through the no abilities achievement run.I still highly recommend this game to anyone who loves fast-paced 3D platforming with instant respawns that keep you from feeling punished for dying.Devs, thanks for the great game, hope you have more levels on the way!"
,Recommended,397950,25835312,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,BG | Pug,Pure chaotic fun.
,Recommended,397950,25838728,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ZaynPlease,"Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing love it, just dont buy the jetpack it makes the game way too easy."
76561198130330014,Recommended,397950,25833313,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,kyleoti,Amazing game buy it !!!
,Recommended,397950,25843054,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,jfkxc,Its not just truck loads of full... its semi-truck loads of fun :Dwhilst Im sure that's not original... it still had to happen
,Recommended,397950,25848184,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Joj Mahal,"tl;dr: Solid 8/10+Fun, Fast, and sometimes Hilarious gameplay+If you are watching someone else play, laugh at them failing+Music is, for the most part, fitting and enjoyable+Reasonable difficulty scale as the game goes on- (see reason below for counter point)/Luck does play a rather large factor; Trucks seem driven to outright spite you sometimes/It is possible to fail a level because the few trucks you need to end it got destroyed/Music can get on your nerves really fast if you have trouble with a level or world/Yes, you can mute it/May be a rather short game if you play well enough or play fast enough; expect the game to last around 5 hours, give or take.+There is replay value by trying to beat your record/your friend's record, using different powers, or going for a no power run (+ If I can do it, odds are, so can you)-Odd are you will fail a level atleast once past world 5, or multiple times just to be able to figure out where the end is-While difficulty does go up as the game goes on, and the last level in a world is usually one of the hardest, some half way through the world are just outright bull-There is a leader board. Good luck beating a top record of 00.00 on EVERY LEVEL? Expensive abilities do NOT mean better, although Flipping and Epic can lead to both humor and a lot of points+You have not lived until you have seen a truck based missleAll in all, Cluster Truck is not a master piece, it has flaws, and is fairly split between skill based jumper and RNG rage game. But at the end of the day, nothing beats going fast and jumping off trucks. If I could do it all over again, I would.8/10"
76561198060575165,Recommended,397950,25901887,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,☁ Row,"9 fidgety trucks/10Would recommend this game. Short playtime, but I found it to be replayable with all the combinations of abilities. It feels like a 3d Super Meat Boy, in a way. A lot of community maps to try, and a robust editor reminiscent of Beseige. Has the ability to create levels on par with the incldued ones. Overall fun experience, and can be for anyone looking for a challenge as well (decent cheeves).I have only 2 complaints.1) Truck are fidgety, and sometimes they will jump a little to the left or right, which a lot of times screws up a well-timed jumps and dumps you onto the floor. Could do without the random pops here and there on flat maps.2) The boss battle is uneccesarily hard. Half of my playtime was spent trying to finish this level. Touching the walls of the boss should not count as a level failed, as the hitboxes for the walls stick out in random places.Oh, and let's not forget this games intriguing plotline. The ending will definitely have you in tears."
76561198114053267,Recommended,397950,26295288,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Chrisko,"I have beaten the game and I have beaten the Halloween special event. I like this game and I feel qualified to review it.SO, do I reccomend the game?Yes.It is very fun, it may be ragey but, mainly fun. It is totally worth the money. The campaign is fun, with a lot of levels. After you beat that, you can go on the community and play maps other people make. OR - you can make your own map with a highly advanced editor. They devs listen to the community and add a lot of new content. For example, they added ten new maps because of Halloween. Very fun. So, all in all, buy this game, totally worth it.Hope this helps! :)"
76561198203952136,Recommended,397950,26295833,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ANegativeSquaredCapitalLetter,"It's a good game i enjoy it, but it makes me rage alot mainly cause im bad at it. Besides that get it it's fun af and it has awsome music so yehhhhhhh."
76561198054184831,Recommended,397950,26340486,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,putsdry,"Fun game but waaaaaaay too short for 15€, i beat it in just under 2 hours.."
76561198329417183,Recommended,397950,26359041,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ImLegitLucina,Best GameplayBest MusicBest ReferencesA solid 5/7
76561198135263437,Recommended,397950,26366386,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,HugeTam,"awesome game, awesome physics, awesome 'splosions and awesome music what more do you want. 10/10 would truck again.on a side note for those who only finished the game cause they patched it (like me), i know i was raging personally but i think it would have been better to stick to the original boss battle with the rule of three. it was much harder, way more tedious and hugely more rage quitty but i felt that after i finished, post patch it was kind of an empty feeling. like when you try really hard at something and put a lot of time into it and then someone does it for you in two seconds. if possible and if a developer reads this please patch something like a hard more with the original boss battle in it or like a level 10.5 for world nine. cause its a really nagging feeling. its like i haven't really finished the game."
76561198068634584,Recommended,397950,26366902,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TacoKnight,I would say It's a very good game based off an incredible but simple premise. definitely buy it.
,Recommended,397950,30899440,Posted: 2 April,all,Jimmy 2 Angles,"Very fun game, with a good amount of challenge. Campaign is fairly short but there are user made levels afterwards, so new levels will never run out."
,Recommended,397950,26352910,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,αℓкαяιѕ,"Get ready for some Clllllluster TRUCK!Super crazy, and fast, and random trucks doing what trucks do!Do your very best to get through the many stages from an arid sandy planes to crazy laser worlds, futuristic and then finally.... HELL!If you're considering this game, then just get it, you will have a ton of fun with this game, and it has a lot of playability to try new things out with abilities, or if you're feeling up to the challenge try to beat every world with NO ABILITIES. If that isn't enough then you have Community Levels to play.Music gets you super pumped as you play through each world. The experience is different everytime you play each world, who knows what will happen."
,Recommended,397950,26343875,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,constantcompile,"An intense and difficult 3D platformer that's tons of fun - thinkSuper Meat BoymeetsA Story About My Uncle.The spawning and behavior of the trucks introduce random elements to gameplay - this makes every playthrough slightly different, but also means you can sometimes lose without it being your fault, particularly if you aren't using abilities.There's also no indicator to show exactly where you'll land, which makes nailing a moving target tricky, to say the least.Not for everyone, due to its difficulty, but certainly impressive enough to warrant a recommendation."
,Recommended,397950,26341850,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Plumpeken,"Really fun game, it's almost always your fault, not the games.9.5/10 ign, would play again"
76561198109985498,Recommended,397950,26069497,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,You,"Cluster Truck is reallly exotic. It's one of those games I play even after I Beat it. If you love hectic parkur games like me, this  Game takes this to a brand new level of fun."
,Recommended,397950,26059172,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Master Davicous,"The underlying plot of this entire game: ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥IM LATE FOR WORK"""
,Recommended,397950,26081145,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Grin,I can now fufill my dream of being DIO.ZA WARUDO
,Recommended,397950,26109927,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,-AHD- Nomad,"A fun arcade style game, every run is a bit different, very fun to play for speed. It's a game that doesn't require much time investment to be enjoyable, but still has a sense of progression."
,Recommended,397950,26113303,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Jovananana,"This game is awesome. The crazy levels, cool mechanics, and responsive controls combine for the ultimate gaming adrenaline rush. The replayability, and now community maps make a great game even better. If you are up for a challenge, a rage, an adrenaline rush, and feeling accomplished... This game is definitely for you. Shouts out to the devs as well for this, you have done and are doing an incredible job."
,Recommended,397950,26445668,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[MR] AWP Toddler,It is so good its so emersive it was so good i needed to write a review because it is so tense and i never write reviews Thanks ClusterTruck
,Recommended,397950,26285168,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,galactisphere,"+ good fun game where you can jump on trucks+ game controls are easy to pick up+ steam workshop+ music- hackers on leaderboard completing a level in 1 millisecond- slightly overpriced8/8, would cry over being 1000th place on leaderboard again"
76561197971277834,Recommended,397950,26452307,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hoovy PooTos Guy,Hey! Level 9:10 Lags on me like hell! (get it?). Can Someone help me on comments. The trucks are slippery and i cant wallrun on them. PLS HELP ME!!! But The Normal game is great! If you rage easily... dont buy it. Goomba OUT!!!<From: Heavy PooTos Guy>
,Recommended,397950,26449067,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,FirStNamelas | CTC,"Fun, but a little pricey for the amount of play time you get (around 8 hours for a playthrough). I'd wait until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,397950,26425788,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Coggers,Fantastic!!!
76561198092458962,Recommended,397950,26444657,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Breezy,This Takes Jumping On Your Moms Car To The Extreme
,Recommended,397950,26446648,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Square789,"This is a nice game.It is about jumping around on Trucks while trying not to get hit by random wooden boards/ metal bars/ pumpkins/ lasers/ two stone blocks at the size of a mountain/ other trucks/ flamethrowers or hammers.There are a lot of levels and if you played all of those, you can create your own ones.If you like Jump 'n' Runs with a little bit of action, I'd totally recommend this game."
76561198262876527,Recommended,397950,26441290,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Awesomeboss3210,"One of the best games ever! some levels are really hard, like 8:8, but its really fun and i would recommend it to a friend. i did recommend it to a friend and he bought it! i am really hyped about TABS."
,Recommended,397950,26422155,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LSFBroughan,"As I write this, I have just finished Clustertruck's campaign. It took me just over three hours.Firstly, if you are the kind of person susceptible to raging at games and getting angry when things don't go smoothly, look elsewhere. You will grow to hate this game. If you get angry or frustrated when you fail, Clustertruck will infuritate you to the point of punching a hole through your monitor and throwing your PC out of a second-story window, and possibly jumping out of aforementioned window as well.However, if you are the kind of person who is calm after making mistakes and doesn't flip out when you fail (because, in this game, you WILL fail) then you are going to have an absolute BLAST with Clustertruck. The steep learning curve rewards you for your skill and patience, and the moments where you're so close to death but somehow you manage to land on a truck and keep speed up whilst travelling at ludicrous speed is on par with the most adrenaline-filled FPSes. The game is so incredibly fast-paced and absolutely mental. Like come on, what other game allows you to parkour between and ride speeding trucks off cliffs then do flips as you fall down onto other trucks below, whilst trucks are being fired at you by massive cannons and exploding everywhere?The game on paper sounds quite one-dimensional (""jump on trucks to reach the finish"") but to be honest there are two things about the game that make it feel much deeper than that. One is the diversity in environments and obstacles, and the other is the skilltree/unlocks system/powerups thing. Both go a long way to stop the game getting tedious. And if you do get bored there's always a level editor and Steam Workshop support.To be honest, a game I have no trouble comparing this to is Rocket League. Simple to understand, original concept, fast-paced vehicle-based action, takes a second to learn and a lifetime to master, and crucially: no conveluted plots, lore or complicated storyline to get in the way of what is pure, concentrated, distilled fun."
76561198127813441,Recommended,397950,26409239,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Jacobcold,This game is fun and addicting and the seasonal levels are cool
,Recommended,397950,26145655,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,OELG (Fuck Antifa),it looks Simple but you will have A LOT of Fun in this gameit keeps you motivated and the levels never get boring
,Recommended,397950,26195326,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ZIMT,Its a very fun game with 2 to 3 hours of playtime
76561198165180056,Recommended,397950,26195885,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,NEEMSTEER,"I highly recommended this game, The user created levels are well made, the main campaign is fun but short. I managed to complete the main game in 3 hours to be exact, but the user created levels are a enough to keep you busy."
,Recommended,397950,26317170,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,mccninja,the game is so good fun hard but not to hard there a way to make levels and it is easy to make them and play people but the 1 thing that is bad is there no fast and/or normal graphics only fantastic but you should get it in the halwean sale now
,Recommended,397950,26291770,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,a.out,"A few months ago, I played the alpha of this game and immediately was impressed. You could run on walls, fly into the air, and crash into the ground at astonishing speeds. I loved speedrunning the game and seeing if I could beat my previous time, and seeing others and their tricks to pass through the level mind-bogglingly fast. That was the alpha. This is so much better.The graphics are astonishing. They're simple, but exciting enough to get your heartrate up when you are right behind a truck that has exploded. The game has beautiful lighting and an amazing color palette.The controls are simple and intuitive, and they feel good too. One thing that seems a little too easy about this game is there's never really a good reason to let go of the ""shift"" button to stop sprinting. That is, if you want the game to be exciting. There are several abilities to choose from, including a slow-motion ability, a grappling hook, and a ""trucker flip"", which makes the truck under you suddenly do a flip and shoot forward. I like going without the abilities and seeing how far I can get, or how fast I have to go to complete the level.The gameplay and level design are this game's strong points. You have to clear huge gaps, avoid giant boulders (and sometimes jump THROUGH them), and jump onto separate lines of trucks. There are explosions, flamethrowers, giant smashy spike plates, booster pads, traps, and all sorts of gameplay elements that will make you laugh, rage, or sigh with relief when you finally get past them.Get this game. You won't regret it. 9/10."
76561198087851549,Recommended,397950,26288041,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lolkutter,it is a vary good game and had aleady 6 ours in this game but the last level is still impooble if i fall true the firtd truck on the arm of the monster.
,Recommended,397950,26637977,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Like A Bot,"I really, really enjoy this game but I would like it if Landfall Games spent just a tad bit more time on the optimization. It lags like nobody's business on my laptop and I do meet the minimum specs. Perhaps it is because I have Windows 8.1?  Fun game though, really enjoyable and worth the money."
76561198149091663,Recommended,397950,26702568,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/latenightgamerhd,"Pretty enjoyable and challenging game to play and really gets your heart pumping! Though the 15 dollar price tag is a little too much in my opinion and i would wait for a sale :)Overall, the game is really fun and i do recommend to people who want a challenge!7/10"
,Recommended,397950,26704457,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Rabid Crab,"A simple game where the floor is lava and you jump from truck to truck truck truck truck truck truck truck. Well designed levels with themed worlds. I had bad fps issues that were quickly fixed by playing the game in windowed, i would like to play in fullscreen but other than that no problems. Great fun with a reasonable pricetag - 9/10"
76561198190056322,Recommended,397950,26745585,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jack-o'-lantern,"Very challenging, but fun."
,Recommended,397950,30913660,Posted: 2 April,all,quench my hearse,pyrocynical brought me here tbh
76561198063802773,Recommended,397950,26961450,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sporgle Blorgus,"No matter how much I try, there's always someone better than me. For some reason I keep playing out of sheer hope I'll pass them. 11/10, would gladly fail my own standards again."
,Recommended,397950,26970489,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jack,Holy Truck!
76561198049941627,Recommended,397950,27010224,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CQO,Good game.
,Recommended,397950,27007556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Osmodias,warning game may contain clusters of trucks.
,Recommended,397950,27001092,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Andoo,"Oh. My. God.This game is worth every cent,Get it."
,Recommended,397950,27018104,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[Sco.] - Dylanzo,"A game of the year contender if there ever was. Really frustrating but in an addictive fun way, like crack."
,Recommended,397950,27008112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moose On The Loose,Lot's of fun. High replay value. Fairly challenging.
,Recommended,397950,26778097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Humbo,"Clustertruck is a amazing game, where you jump from trucks to other trucks. And that sounds pretty simple. Right?Well, as you get futher along in the game the difficulty goes to max, and you have to master the art of trucks."
,Recommended,397950,26899322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dick meat,"Fun game, even if you have just a few minutes."
,Recommended,397950,26872600,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sᴋ¡м м¡ɩK,So simple - so fun.
,Recommended,397950,26867651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spork,Steam awards
76561197982375186,Recommended,397950,26877238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Error 404,You member playing the alpha over and over again?
76561198125958792,Recommended,397950,26882161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mackola,"I nominated this for the ""TEST OF TIME"" award...why?Because i will always fail jumping to a truck that's a inch away from me"
76561198070154755,Recommended,397950,26906123,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,warlord1072,Lots of fun and has a good challenge
,Recommended,397950,26899416,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Khing,"This game is extremely fun. The simplicity of the game is what makes it so amazing. Truck to truck, level to level, the experience doesn't die down. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,397950,26993170,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doombane,It pretty trucking fun!
,Recommended,397950,26981796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cheval de Reves,I don't even understand it. The premise is clear however. Simply get to the finish. The confusing part is how you get there.
,Recommended,397950,26977498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shadow Hawk      ♪ Music ♫,"The game is very addictive and fun, collecting keys and doing missions like collecting Plorts, Vegies,Fruits different meat, the cartoon style look good, more content will probably be added as time goes by, but as is, this game is very fun already and I will recommend anyone to go and check it out."
,Recommended,397950,26998981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oddisy,nice
76561198332328171,Recommended,397950,26725779,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Повелитель,"Indeed, a very good game. I have never seen a consept like it, 10/10. This game puts parkour and action together in such an intense way, you will spend hours playing this game with no regret."
76561198123246943,Recommended,397950,26793323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kirre,I really like this game.PROS:Very funGreat gameplayBeautiful and innovative mapsNot too difficult maps but also not too easy.A map creator is availible.CONS:Expensive abilities means you have to grind a long time to get all of them (Not a con if you like that)Not alot to do after you complete the campaign unless you will go for achievments.Some abilities are alot more useful/better than others.Not a very big mapping community.Would recommend9/10
,Recommended,397950,26828476,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,otahuhu,"At first glance, ClusterTruck is a dumb game. You start a level on a truck, you jump on the series of trucks in front of you until you eventually get to the goal banner. It's the kind of thing you'd expect to be basic youtuber or streamer shlock, and really, it fulfills that duty well. However, when you really get down to it, it's a god damn great game.As a level based first person platformer, the main meat of the game is found in its level design, which is on the whole fantastic. I made the decision to play the game through without the use of the multiple purchasable powerups available and feel the game was better for it. You'd think the level design would be disrupted by dumb truck physics but aside from one level, they're not. Every world has a different setting (forest, steampunk, laser) and every level in every world has its own creative gimmick they employ, adding a ton of variety to general truck jumping.My only gripes are a lack of player shadow (makes long drops harder to judge where you're landing) and a lack of customizable controller options (aiming your camera is important, so having the option to map jump to a shoulder button would be nice). Beyond that it's great and with workshop support and seasonal level packs I look forward to more trucks in my life."
,Recommended,397950,26739661,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,<OmniStars> OmniTitan,"I played 8 worlds of this in one go, I only stopped because my fingers can no longer bend properly."
,Recommended,397950,26959970,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SageCat,Too many trucks
,Recommended,397950,26958857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZachViray,"10/10, Would Die Again"
76561198119707755,Recommended,397950,26959033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tomdec,I enjoy this game most on Summer days
,Recommended,397950,26887455,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,!Chris,"I really enjoyed playing this game, it's a great short experience that provides exciting gameplay and a great soundtrack. Unfortunatly how good you are at the game will depend on how long you spend playing it, I completed the game and got all achievements in 6 hours. Would play again."
76561198049413053,Recommended,397950,26915716,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asaklair,"This game is just a whole cluster of fun! Having to find new ways to pass levels and learning how to navigate with abilities is very interesting and fun. If you enjoy 3D platformers with great soundtracks, I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,397950,26922053,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crasgnab,"More like Cluster♥♥♥♥, am I right guys?"
76561198095635012,Recommended,397950,26932269,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sniper Kitten,"O MY GOSH! I love the game play of this, there is a huge challenge it's very hard, but it is awesome and you can have as much fun as possible for days!"
,Recommended,397950,26938627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RagePiglet,Ayyy thats pretty good
,Recommended,397950,27067596,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McRadly,It's the game that got me back into PC gaming. This thing is so fun and awesome on many levels.
,Recommended,397950,26846143,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gratox,"""Oh, this looks like a fun little game to pass the time""And that was how an addiction began"
,Recommended,397950,26892247,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ScaR-x-FacE,Jump... Duck... Jump... Duck... Jump... AH ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,397950,26925464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chef_excellence,Literally too much fun! Melt your face off non-stop action. This game makes you feel like the biggest badass on earth!
76561198101114887,Recommended,397950,28146180,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,(Salty As F) Anxious Genji,BEWARE THIS IS A RAGE GAME but its still pretty fun (and tedious)
,Recommended,397950,28103801,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Pansarkanin,Can't remember the last time I raged this hard on a game10/10
76561198106307068,Recommended,397950,28015541,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JOJO!!11!!!!1,"I've played through the whole campaign of clustertruck (plus the seasonal halloween levels) and I can tell you it made me say 'woah' the first time I played it. I have never played a platformer like this game in my life. It is a whole lot of fun. Trust me. You feel really dissatisfied if you are stuck on a level and just keep coming back to it if you haven't beat it yet. The game is a little short, and there are some annoying spikes in difficulty. I remember one ice level was harder than the final level, so... yeah. Otherwise it is really solid, and I would recommend picking it up.I think it deserves a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,397950,28010920,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wrs666,"One of the most fun games of 2016, would highly recommend if you are looking for some good nights."
,Recommended,397950,28059106,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FuzzyShmuck,"This game is so ravishing that I tend to feed my imaginations with this game! Jumping from truck to truck makes me feel like an expert ninja or a gymnastic guy! In addition, it lets you focus and choose your time wisely on when it is the right time to jump from truck to truck. This game builds confidence on myself and make the right time to jump!"
76561198011187233,Recommended,397950,28066257,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Elder Troll [EST],yes
76561198108183039,Recommended,397950,28300347,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DiabolicalDude,"A simple concept with a fun few hours of gameplayGameplay:You’re playing the floor is lava but with trucks instead of furniture. The concept is simple but it gets you hooked in the game and I was moving along with the character in the game. It’s just really fun to jump to the end of a level going blazing fast. The best levels are just you in a line needing to get to the end via jumping. It’s simple but awesome. It never got frustrating (except one level) and the quick restart is more reminiscent of super meat boy. There are 90 levels and they cover pretty much what the game is capable of.There are powerups to help you up but the double jump literally was the only one I used (except for the grappling hook twice). You have a good base speed so that double jump is pretty much everything. Unfortunately, the trucks don’t act the same way every time which means there are certain moments where you literally couldn’t have done anything.Graphics/Performance: (with a 970, 4790K, 16GB of RAM, SSD)The game isn’t a great looker but it’s a more simple look that I can appreciate. It runs at usually between 120-144hz but I never noticed massive dips anywhere. Unfortunately, the menu navigation is clunky and the music is just forgettable. I was expecting some bombastic heavy rock to match the action but it was mostly just electronic background noise.Final Thoughts:It’s fun. Like super meat boy but less hair pulling. I had fun with it overall and look forward to the new seasonal levels."
76561198044788352,Recommended,397950,28398434,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Rithe,"This game is addictively fun to play. It may not take a lot of time to beat, but it certainly takes time to master. Gameplay is fast paced and challenging, but the complexity of levels becomes ridiculous making it extremely satisfying to play."
,Recommended,397950,28350221,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,logith,"Chaotic, crazy and awesome"
,Recommended,397950,28417126,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,THEY CALL ME FLOYD MAYWEATHER,i thought it was a really fun game and very challenging
,Recommended,397950,25733774,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bryce,"Super fun, the same problem as SuperHot, a bit too short, but it's definatly replayable (Although not as replayable as SuperHot) and there are community maps.Edit: I hope level 80 rots in hell."
,Recommended,397950,28166201,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MemeStar,gg
76561198139901858,Recommended,397950,28253146,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,bradyaboyd,France's worst nightmare10/10
,Recommended,397950,28275256,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rei ♥,"Never in my life, would I hear the sounds of trucks honking while I'm trying to sleep.All joking aside, Clustertruck. Yes, the name is exactly what it sounds. This is a ""the floor is lava"" kind of game but with some twists to it. The goal is relatively simple, make it from Point A to Point B by jumping on trucks without touching the ground. Sounds easy enough right? That's where you are wrong. You see, these truck drivers are rather incompetent and will run into each other or run into the environment. This is a game that will tax your hand-eye coordination. How does it play though? Actually, the controls are okay (that's to say if you playing this game with a KB+M, can't say much about controllers/gamepads but I've heard they take a lot of time getting used to) and they are extremely responsive for whenever you need them to be. That's not to say that the controls won't sometimes mess up on you. In terms of length, the game is currently (at the time of writing this) 9 chapters long which will take you to various locales such as Steampunk, Sci-Fi, etc. Not to mention, there is/was a Halloween chapter that was added to the game to not only celebrate the holiday, but also increase the game's longevity. The game can be however long you want to make it though because Clustertruck comes not only with a Level Editor, but also Steam Workshop support where you can create/download sadistic levels at your own pleasure. Also, there is a Leaderboard; however, good luck trying to get anywhere close to the top on it because this game does have its fair share of cheaters on the Leaderboard. I will fault the game on one aspect though and that's the distinct lack of a visual slider in the settings, everything primarily goes through the Launcher. It's not a horrible thing; however, older computers will have a hard time trying to run Clustertruck at 60fps which honestly is the optimal frame rate that you'd probably want for a game that requires quick thinking and precise movement. Finally, this game has Twitch integration for the truly masochistic as it adds more abilities that can either make or break a streamer's will-power to continue on.All in all, Clustertruck is a very interesting title and personally gets my recommendation. The game's difficulty gets progressively harder and the true completionists will continually come back to the game as the achievements for this game require that you get extremely good at the game (beating the game without using a single ability anyone?)."
,Recommended,397950,28331993,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,WoollyMan,i love it
,Recommended,397950,27392369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rooty-Tooty-Point-And-Shooty,A real Clustertruck of  a game...This game is difficult and frustrating and has a Twitch integration system that will have you wondering why humans are so cruel. Maybe if you're popular enough the devs can hijack your game and change the color of your trucks. Ooh spooky. Great fun and a great gift to give to those special trucks.
,Recommended,397950,27407200,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Duckis,Love itLove the physicsthe simplicity
76561198070561280,Recommended,397950,27407362,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nemnumbeers,truck me up TRUCK ME UP INSIDE cant truck up
,Recommended,397950,27388034,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zab100,This game was really fun to play. The game will make you rage. The randomizer is what makes up the gameplay. The only downside of the game is that it is too short.
,Recommended,397950,26092948,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Cloby,Good game but you do need a pretty decent computer for it to run smooth
,Recommended,397950,26173552,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Platinum Fang,I think this game is giving me carpel tunnel. Aside from the fact every level feels like a test of my own will and desire to go on this game is entertaining in short bursts. It however loses it's zest after awhile. Over all 6.5/10
,Recommended,397950,26166708,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,potato cat,"Ill be honest, i had been debating on getting this game for a while because i normally dont like these types of games. But that was acctually one of the funest games i have played in a long time! it is totally worth getting it!"
,Recommended,397950,26111647,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Punny Bunny,Clustertruck is a symphony of sumptuous fun disguised as an action platformer. With absolute unabashed elation it thrusts the player into one after another thrilling scenarios. Can't recommend this enough for anyone who loves clutch last-second saves and exhilarating freedom.
76561198223289352,Recommended,397950,26176072,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,NeonWolfster,"Love the game but today i tried to play it, 23/10/2016, and the graphics all of a sudden are blured, if anyone can help please reply thanks and highly suggest getting the game"
,Recommended,397950,26144192,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Infinite luck,I clench my buttcheeks pretty much the entire time I'm playing this
,Recommended,397950,26164963,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tobben,One of the best games I've played in a good while!
76561198120651180,Recommended,397950,26136316,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,TANTOR,for some odd reason the trucks on level 1-10 are just stationary. so i find this game unplayable. i don't know if this is a bug or supposed to happen.i have also watched another youtube play 1-10 and they got past it.  it could be a fun game. but just unplayable for me for some reason.
76561198081007487,Recommended,397950,26119687,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Navajo hands aplFab,music is repetitive and the game audio is terrible. especially when paused. but aside from that this game is really fun! i haven't played much but i'm already finding myself struggling to complete the steam punk world. it can be frustrating sometimes but its extremely satisfying to beat a level that i've struggled on a lot! i definitely suggest playing the game with audio muted and have your own music or a podcast playing instead :)
76561198068524438,Recommended,397950,26123783,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,🅱o🅱a - 🅱ola,"beat it in 2 hours, but was worth every second and probably most of the $17.00rated 3 ginger ale cans out of 1 medium triple triple."
76561198296323080,Recommended,397950,26127105,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,gooeysauser_45,amazing frustrating but amazing
,Recommended,397950,25998387,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,kee,This game makes me smile.... Lol
76561198065100265,Recommended,397950,25998602,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BadleeGuy,"A platformer with a twist, ClusterTruck is simple, yet difficult. You can breeze through levels as much as you can get stuck on one. Many worlds! Such powers! Much points! If you're looking for a sometimes frustrating challenge and you want to earn them points, you buy that game this instant."
,Recommended,397950,26006814,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Chewyy,"The concept of Clustertruck is very simple. Its basically a video game version of ""the floor is lava"" that pretty much every kid played once. The goal of the game is to reach the finish line of each level wihout touching the floor, the only thing you can stay on are trucks. You progress through the levels by jumping from treuck to truck and thats basically the whole game.While the concept is very simple the different levels offer a great variety, both in obstacles and looks, and it never really felt repetitive. Every level is well thought through and you can see that the devs put a lot of time into designing them. If you are concerned about not enough content, there is also the steam workshop which has tons of levels to try.The soundtrack, which varies from level to level, fits the fast pace of the game well and adds to the overall feeling.Overall i really enjoyed the game and even beat it without using abilities to add some extra challenge. I can recommend this to anyone who likes fast paced and/or movement focused games."
,Recommended,397950,26003175,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Top Rated Teen,"Wow just bought this game. Amazing for a early access; everything virtually bug-free, I would definitely recommend that you buy it."
76561198317064219,Recommended,397950,26005386,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TACOPLAYER51,"This is one of my favorite games for the PC.  I love the level design and on edge mechanics.  Sometimes you get stuck in trucks but it's no big deal for how great a game it is, and it usually only happens in custom levels."
76561198080978681,Recommended,397950,26105199,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ICOZE,It's a fun game and gives you a challange
,Recommended,397950,26101113,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ØwØ,HELL YEAH BROTHER!!!!
76561198171971279,Recommended,397950,25803032,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Gabe13,"Cluster Truck is an Original game where you have to jump in truck and you cant touch the ground. Controller isnt need. One problom though is that the back ground and the level select aren't woking, its all static and i dont know what the level select is saying, please fix this."
,Recommended,397950,25974231,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,[HeLX] walula,"Just awesome, best platformer i have played in a really long time 10/10"
76561198048123467,Recommended,397950,25968704,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Chikalaka Chiki Chan,"Awesome experience, i couldn't leave the game until i finished it. The music always makes the game feel awesome. Oddly enough in this game, whenever you fail, you want to play more to win that level, and the fact that you lost doesn't make you feel angry it makes you feel more and more motivated to win that level.AWESOME GAME!!!"
,Recommended,397950,25759840,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,GenuinePorkChops,"I've followed this game for a long time, and I couldnt be much happier with such a strong release.Notable Features:> Varied playstyles (speedrun, points, casual, etc)> Extremely high skill ceiling, with abilities and strategies for casual players that can be utilized well by hardcore players in speedruns> 90 level solo campaign in addition to a full level creator and workshop sharing> Runs smooth with no notable bugs or glitches for me yet (at 11.3 hours invested)> Soundtrack that could make Helen Keller headbang> Solid Mechanics that feel consistant and help each victory or badass moment feel earnedI highly reccomend you try the free alpha version of the game at r/highwayfightsquad if you still haven't made your mind up about this gameFeatures not in the game that I'd like to see as of right now:> Checkpoints (Last level can take a while if youre stubborn or insistant on speedrunning like me)> Additional Campaign (The Devs are great with level design, and seeing more of their creative and well made levels would be refreshing in about a month)> A real time subreddit feed you could open in game (The game NEEDS some sort of promotion towards a community forum if it wants to be able to have longevity after people beat the campaign)> In game clock (I ALMOST MISSED A MIDNIGHT DEADLINE BECAUSE I FORGOT THE TIME AND THIS GAME IS ADDICTING)> Some sort of leaderboard moderation (people have already been able to cheat and beat levels in .001 seconds)All in all, Solid gameplay and mechanics that live up to the hype I've had for so long with this game.As someone who enjoys firstperson action and high difficulty games, I'd rate this game a 9/10 so far. For only 15 dollars I can easily see myself investing more than the 11.3 hours i have already invested. Well worth it for the price if this kind of game is what you like. Do keep in mind the subbreddit has a free demo."
76561198298379646,Recommended,397950,25747602,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Paul-dude,"I download this game yesterday because of the videos I've seen on YouTube & as cool looking as this is, I can't help but feel that the developers are biased towards Xbox because I've tried playing with a ps3 controller but there's no jump button so the only way I can play this is to use the keyboard controls which is really hard. I try jumping from truck to truck but I can't change my viewing direction in time before I get killed, the developers might want to change the controls in a future update so that the game can be played with a ps3 controller & make things a little easier so that people can get through the game while being able to enjoy it rather then die repeatedly as I think some people would rage quit out of frustration. I'd hate to do that myself as I want to like this since the idea is brilliant & the later levels are utterly insane, I like a touch of insanity in games because it makes things way more interesting."
,Recommended,397950,25760054,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,aetkas001,"Very fun game you can play in short bursts. The level design and feel of the game is great. Lots of levels, with support for custom levels, and an editor to make your own. Definitely worth the 15 dollars!"
,Recommended,397950,25760118,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jaysog,So much fun
,Recommended,397950,25760133,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,gustavo,"Landfall games have been creating a lot of great games and Clustertruck is not different. It is so well made, it is so fun to play, sometimes it is easy and other times, very hard, it is a great game to do speed runs, any challenge inside itself or whatever. I waited to play this game for a long time and don't regret buying it, superfun!!!"
,Recommended,397950,25760281,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Aelexe,"If you like CS Surf, Mirror's Edge, trucks, or anger, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,397950,25759826,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sir Casm,"Very original, and insanely fun. Length depends on how well you play (I'm in the final world, at 3.2 hours), but there's plenty of replayability (plus Workshop content). There are a few exploits here and there, but it's surprisingly very well balanced considering the insane abilities you can acquire (slow time, freezing trucks, shooting trucks, grappling, jetpack, dashing etc.) and the number of  ways they can potentially break the game - but they don't.Tl;dr: Very well polished, replayable, addictive - recommended!"
,Recommended,397950,25728578,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RejZoR,This Clustertruck is such mothertrucking clustertruck. You run like mad and this trucking game just wants you dead. So you reload. Again. And again. And again. Again. Again. Again. But then you run like mothertrucking mad and you hear Yanni - Chariots of Fire right before you miss the mothertrucking truck in front of the GOAL sign...Positives:- Infuriating- Infuriating- Infuriating- Has many trucks- Blindingly bright and colorful graphics- No loading screensNegatives:- A bit weird setup of key binds- Always starts minimized for some reason- Truck drivers are terrible driversVerdict:Gotta run fast!
,Recommended,397950,25904150,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zijarom,"Amazing game! Really adicting.I think the two cheapest abilities Double Jump and Slow Time are almost the best, just me?And jesus, an option for Brightness please, it's so bright."
,Recommended,397950,25899112,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ericvondoom,"Trucks pirouette through the air, like boxy ballerinas. Trucks honk, tumble, and explode, as trucks do. They gather in clusters, for there is safety in numbers, as they roam their habitats of winter and lasers. Trucks are fast, fickle, and skittish.I dance upon the trucks, for they are life. Trucks are the Alpha, how all our journeys begin. Trucks.Trucks."
76561198012878287,Not Recommended,397950,25902334,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Thatfraserkid,"i enjoy the concept of the game and it is fun, how ever i experience massive frame rate drops constantly making it very difficult to play, this must be an optimization issue as i've tried to find a solution to no avial. This game is supposed to run at 720p on an intergrated card yet with a system of 4.8GHZ/16GB RAM/GTX970sli / SSD it still runs like crap even at 720p."
76561198284256731,Recommended,397950,26020787,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Creative Picture,good game if u want to gat a bit salty
76561198246583222,Recommended,397950,26038048,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Phantomtoons,GREAT GAME!!!!LOVE IT!!!!!
76561198324676626,Recommended,397950,26041166,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TheLegend 26.99,"Clustertruck is easily one of my favorite games that i have bought on steam. I would highly reccomend this game for anyone who wants a fastpaced (truck) platformer with very appealing graphics. I have spent hours upon hours playing a game that could be completed in about 2 hours, I would also reccomend checking out the clustertruck workshop, people can make some very interesting levels."
,Recommended,397950,26040217,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,G-Hawk,This game gave me the adrenaline I needed to put my family in hell.SUPER TRUCK.
76561198157090146,Recommended,397950,26102691,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,aaaaai yuner,Finally I find myself a great game.The way the designers combine elements are really craetive and interesting.I enjoy all levels except 9-10 where I spent thousands of years finding out what i should do after pressing the botton .
76561198001672207,Recommended,397950,27554749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ashman The Guy,"This game is crazy fun.Jumping from truck to truck as the levels get more bizarre is great, and the soundtrack is fantastic!"
,Recommended,397950,27410215,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,P0WN4GE,Many more hours if offline was counted.
,Recommended,397950,27525968,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chocolate_Muffins,This is a great game. You'll get lot's of fun out of this game but there's only one problem and that's that there aren't too many levels but other than that it's a great game9/10
,Recommended,397950,27516312,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Donny,Dank 10/10 Furballs
76561198071325495,Recommended,397950,27481308,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Duck999,This is an amazing game that brings a whole new meaning to Trucking. Simulate driving on a highway as you run through levels at high speeds unsafe for the average person.
,Recommended,397950,26875790,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ferlintokezeirquizes,"This game had me giggling like an idiot the entire way through as the scenarios got more and more ridiculous. Take a moment to step back and think about the situation you're in for each level, as it builds to a simply glorious finale.Surprisingly replayable as well, with plenty of powerups to mix and match.GOTY 2016"
76561198162090651,Recommended,397950,26397576,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Uta,"for april fools please rename it clusterf*ck , just for 1 day."
,Recommended,397950,28082178,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Emrecan Smithy,How good is Clustertruck?Turns out its prreeeeeettyyyyy gooood
76561198220771036,Recommended,397950,28028907,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Carl Beavers,A surprisingly fun and smart platformer that originally seemed like another stupid simulator. I hope to see more from this developer.
76561198037736857,Recommended,397950,28028715,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PyroSparton117,Its a lot of fun if you're bored and always wondered what your life would be like jumping onto moving trucks.
76561198045695805,Recommended,397950,25831499,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kyun,"This game is more than a game, a being full of excitement and action. When you play it, you'll be so invested in that you'll start moving on your chair as if that affect the game. You'll play it for 30 minutes, 30 minutes full of excitement and hype, and you'll be ultimately tired because the game sucks all of your energy.its entertainingits amazing"
,Recommended,397950,27991493,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The REAL Cookie Monster,ClusterTruck is a awsome game were you jump from truck to truck till you get t the finish line.
,Recommended,397950,27978140,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ike Kweem,"Never before have I been more frustrated at a video game. I hate it, but at the same time I love it with all of my Ike Kweemy heart. 11/10"
,Recommended,397950,27996701,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Husk,Probably one of the best crowd funded games of this year
,Recommended,397950,27980565,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hypocritical,The floor is lava with lorries.11/10 would miss the lorry and break every bone in my body again.
76561198066757760,Recommended,397950,28001720,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PropsToThisGuy,"I know this won't very helpful, but I love this game. I haven't played it for that long, but this is one of the most addicting games that I have ever played"
,Recommended,397950,27908083,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chumlo Puhskintio,"Great pick up and play game, if you think you'd like a 3D version of Super Meat Boy then Clustertruck is right up your alley. Tight controls and very fun gameplay!"
76561198321309566,Recommended,397950,27955970,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tenacious,"Clustertruck... a game where u parkour crossed clustered trucks thru 9 worlds of 10 levels each, from beggining to end! Buy powerups and skills with skill points earned by playing, and beat all your friend's times with your experience! Even makie your own level for the steam workshop! An addicting and difficult game for everyone who's familiar with the keyboard!"
76561198331382331,Recommended,397950,28090953,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EerieToaster,Its  a amazing game  and I highly suggest it but how do you install T.A.B.S totally accurate battle simulater?????
76561198287955695,Recommended,397950,28466690,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mr.Bubbles,If you dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about smashing your computer. this is the game for you. (rage quits included)
76561198107221097,Recommended,397950,28425274,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,carleton.vaughn,"I've not completed this game yet, I'll admit that. But, god, I love it with all my heart. In fact, I'd say this is my favorite game, once Overwatch dies. And, the thing is, only one level so far has made me truly angry. Now, how has a rage game failed so hard at making me rage? Becuase it's hilarious. And awesome. And really fun.Thanks, Landfall.(P.S, ♥♥♥♥ you, 6:7)"
76561198237381104,Recommended,397950,28355436,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GoodGamer3000,Great game if you like parkour. It's challenging and I like the cool abilities and gadgets you can buy from points.
76561198288193944,Recommended,397950,28353703,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DrinkableSausage,"everytime i try to load the game, the text is all wierd and the game is just black, is there any fix? :("
,Recommended,397950,26859683,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,am1n as high as dem clouds,awesome game much fun
,Recommended,397950,26608102,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jjcoolman14,This is a great game but I wouldn't request it if you don't have an amazing computer because I'd not the game doesn't open and it lags like crazy
,Recommended,397950,26617408,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],Most exitement ive gotten out of a game in a while.
76561198186164577,Recommended,397950,26456071,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DoomRaider32,how do you play totally accurate battle simulator?
,Recommended,397950,26591049,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,45HN | Wood,"The only complaint you will EVER hear about this game is ""ERMAHGERSH TOO SHORT""While yes, that is kind of true, it is arorund 5 hours (more like 20 if you want the pure achievement) of gameplay, they will be the most addicting 5 hours of your life. The game has a total of 90 levels (100 if you count seasonals) and 9 worlds. Each world has their own obstacles and gimmicks (dont worry, they are good gimmicks) which stops the game from getting old. And while most workshop levels are terrible, some are really good and well made. Landfall Games will (hopefully) keep giving us seasonal updates, which give the workshop even more tools to work with.Let's talk about how the game isnt actually 5 hours only.Reason #1: Abilities - Basically, there are a lot of unique abilities and you can try different combinations 'n stuff. Some abilities (super truck especially) change the gameplay up a lot, so you can replay levels without it feeling stale.Reason #2: Speedrunning - There are leaderboards, and yes, most of them are cheaters that beat the level in 1 second, but you can still try climbing the leaderboards. Doing that alone gave me a good 3 more hours.Reason #3: Updates - Landfall are (hopefully) going to keep giving us seasonal stuff.Reason #4: The Pure achievement - The achievement titled: ""Pure"" gave me 6 more hours alone. To get the achievement, you must beat the game without any abilities, which, believe me, is really difficult.Overall, most negative reviews really dont know what they are talking about, and i would definitely recommend this game to anyone with 15 to spend."
,Recommended,397950,26631443,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Secs13,"Try it, but it's so hard, I just quit after 1 world.Not a fan of the controls, but the game is really silly."
,Recommended,397950,26626218,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Infectious Frostbite,"I've seen streams of people using the Twitch integration, and it looks like it'll be super fun to use. I may do this in the future when I start streaming.Also, the music and gameplay are both phenominally good! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,397950,26092470,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Bungulunga,"My favourite platformer ever and I really suggest getting it if you are looking for a fast paced, challenging platformer."
76561198076420195,Recommended,397950,26101725,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Draginea,"Clustertruck is a constant stream of incredibly tense, fact paced 3-D action platforming with a good heaping of character thrown in for good measure. Although I usually do not enjoy these types of games, Clustertruck was something that I simply could not put down, and even after failing a level for the 20th time in a row, I did not feel cheated or enraged - the game feels completely fair, if brutally unforgiving, once you get used to the physics system.While the textureless art may be a turn off in some other games, in Clustertruck it emphasizes the game's pure unadulterated brutality; so frills, no crap, just platforming (It also lets me run the game at 60 on my laptop’s integrated graphics, most of the time)."
,Recommended,397950,33011375,Posted: 29 June,all,Lord Sellerie,Thanks for the Linux support!
76561198242364560,Recommended,397950,33155855,Posted: 2 July,all,TheGreatCow,So much fun!!! The music is awesome and the action is so fast!! Love it!
,Recommended,397950,33126560,Posted: 2 July,all,JEFK,10/10
,Recommended,397950,33134533,Posted: 2 July,all,Klinggaard (Klingypoo),for the 4.49 EUR I paid for this game it is worth it. But at the full price I would change my mind.
,Not Recommended,397950,33151696,Posted: 2 July,all,s0da,"Completed level 10 pretty fast, but instead of showing me the points screen, it led me to the upgrade menu, after which I checked the leaderboard for my time, but it said ""No data found"". Not too happy with this. Overall, a very fun game, but not being able to save data esp. for this type of game is an automatic thumbs down. :("
,Recommended,397950,33169325,Posted: 2 July,all,Aplem,This game has a magical way of telling your heart to have fun and your brain to kill yourself.10/10Would drive for FedEx again.
,Recommended,397950,33204513,Posted: 3 July,all,Who,"Amazing game. Really simple complex, with a terrific execution makes for a fun, high quality experience. I enjoyed every single minute of playing this game, and you should buy this so you can too."
,Recommended,397950,33204636,Posted: 3 July,all,drigmatik,Awesome game. I hate trucks even more now
,Recommended,397950,33199828,Posted: 3 July,all,DootDaMoop,"A very addiciting game that can suck you in a few more hours when you keep failing. Of course, if you don't end up breaking your PC. The Music drives you through and through the levels while being motivative."
,Recommended,397950,33241315,Posted: 4 July,all,dankleedler69,Infuriating and skill highly required. Takes a while to get used to but very fun.
,Recommended,397950,33215953,Posted: 3 July,all,British Benjamin Franklin,the game is addicting but a bit over priced 8/10
,Recommended,397950,33167735,Posted: 2 July,all,Oni Chichi アニメ (BUYING KEYS),Interesting 1;)
,Recommended,397950,33168579,Posted: 2 July,all,Common Stockboy [THOD],Harder than Dark Souls but also much more fun than Dark Souls.
,Recommended,397950,33163837,Posted: 2 July,all,UnderAgeBanana,teet
,Recommended,397950,33217942,Posted: 3 July,all,JedGamer,The Best Running Game Ever!
,Recommended,397950,33264720,Posted: 5 July,all,Catfish,fun and simple game with tons of surprises
76561198275539209,Recommended,397950,33247567,Posted: 4 July,all,MortyMcFly,One of the best games to pass the time with. Awesome soundtrack too.
76561198137998907,Recommended,397950,33242985,Posted: 4 July,all,AmunisX,Its A Cluster♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,397950,25839286,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Stuffington,"Clustertruck - A speedrunner's dreamClustertruck is a game about running on trucks. You can run on top of trucks, run on the sides of trucks, jump between trucks and just enjoy spedy action. This game is great. Powerups feel great, and are all more or less balanced to make the game fair yet difficult to master. If you are going for 100% completion, I would recommend starting with a ""pure"" run to get a better feel for the basic physics of the jumps, running speed and the weight and mobility of your character. Actually, I found my pure run to be more enjoyable than a run using power ups, perhaps because I didn't have to spend time contemplating whether or not i should use a different combination of gadgets to make the levels easier.Also, as you play the first stage, try playing around with the FOV-setting to fit your playstyle and speed. This changes the gamea lot, and can make an already enjoyable game even better!The music fits the game really well, and (IIRC) it changes depending on your speed, making speeding through levels evenmoreenjoyable. The grapics are great for this kind of game, as they are detailed enough to be pretty but not all that detailed, as you will not have a lot of time to study the scenery closely. This makes the game run more smoothly as well as give the game a unique kind of feel.Without spoiling anything, the final level is a great way to end the campaign, forcing you to utilize the skills you have learnt by playing the game. Again, I would recommend beating it whithout powerups, as certain combinations make the level very cheeseableLooking at you, jetpack!.All in all, Clustertruck is a great game. It feels great to get the jumps juuust right, and combined with the simplistic yet pretty graphics and the awesome music, it makes for a pretty good take at a modern 3D platform-ish title.Very recommended!"
,Recommended,397950,33327081,Posted: 6 July,all,♥Stephanie♥(b-day in 2 days!),"Got all the way to the last level within a few days I havent been able to beat it since then, ♥♥♥♥ the last level 9/10 not enough trucks"
76561198207469123,Recommended,397950,28661257,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Boodan,"This game is simply amazing. The graphics are beautiful although I have to disable the shadow effects because my PC cant handle it xD. It still looks great though and runs amazingly! The game is quite short as I am on world eight in 4 hours on my first day, but there is alot of replay-ability with being able to go back to past worlds to get points, and the new custom lvls. I challenge anyone who buys this game to play it for at least an hour without smiling, its SUCH a fun game! The music is great , the gameplay is exciting, the levels are beautifully designed, must I say more? I STRONGLY recommend this game If you have some extra money from Christmas, and will hopefully be able to complete world eight (its pretty hard).Happy Holidays :)"
,Recommended,397950,28658890,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,topdog864,One of the best parkour games out there
,Recommended,397950,28616699,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ocran,It's a good challenging game that will keep you on your toes the whole time that you're playing
76561198107465359,Recommended,397950,28622271,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,wizzega,"Awesome game, fluid as hell"
,Recommended,397950,28258710,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Lord High Ragamuffin,most realistic truck physics since big rigsWARNING: truck gore
,Recommended,397950,28086433,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CookieDragon4,A lot of fun
,Recommended,397950,28574742,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Emperor Solaris,hella addictive and fun!!!music is also really good!
,Recommended,397950,28251868,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Schizophrenic Teletubby,This game is fun and unique but the only critical point i have about it is that it needs a lot of CPU power and ram for such a simple looking game.That is the only critical point that i have about the game
,Recommended,397950,28282535,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ghost in a Jar,"Love the game, could use a little more additions to the abilities though!"
,Recommended,397950,28577297,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,habibjp,178 people thought they were buying Euro Truck
,Recommended,397950,28656280,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zhr00ked,"Only played it for less than an hour while writing this review, and it's fantastic!Must buy.There are many different worlds to play in, seasonal worlds such as halloween and holidays, as well as community created levels. What more could you want?"
76561198252450268,Recommended,397950,28652554,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GorillaUpperCut,A must play game that mixes puzzles and parcour
,Recommended,397950,28649709,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,It's LeviosAAA,"If you want something new, frustrating and fun then BUY THIS GAME.8,9/11Btw I got 100% in 12 hours try to beat it.^^^^^^^^^^^^^CHALLENGE"
,Recommended,397950,28627092,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gone,The truckest cluster I've ever play in my entire life!
,Recommended,397950,28575895,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,G̛͠͏͏ò͞҉̢d͜͢͝S̴͟m̷̧͜͠o̵̕k̵̴̨͡ơ,"Ruined every other game, every thing has to contain a truck, if your game doesn't contain trucks please reconsider releasing it."
,Recommended,397950,28570708,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Shark Dad,"Incredibly fun mechanics, clever level design and a decent difficulty ramp make Clustertruck one of the best games I've played all year. It's hard to describe the immense pleasure I felt playing this game. Absolutely worth anybody's attention."
,Recommended,397950,28699340,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,테라 바이 코어,"this is an amazin game worth your time and money, but my lack of platforming skill paired with .1 fps (that's Acer for ya') doesn't do any justice whatsoever ... oh well ...it's a great game tho, just ..."
76561198168630771,Recommended,397950,29060041,Posted: 6 January,all,Zyriph,"Totally recommend!Half the time you're dead, but ah! The sweet taste of victory is reputable!Also, extremely rage-induci- I-I mean, A-ah.. Fun!Go buy it or I'm going to be tennis balled to death."
,Recommended,397950,29088609,Posted: 7 January,all,Paxuser,Supafun 3D Platformer9/10Get it on sale ffs
,Recommended,397950,29045513,Posted: 5 January,all,tearfromthered,"Some people will call you a hipster for playing this game. Don't listen to them. Trust your heart on this one: this is fun at its purest form. Simple concept but great difficulty progression through out the end of a speedrun / die and retry sort of runner.  Enough levels and variety to keep you hooked for days, even more if you want to beat some records. Only negative aspect is that some very very hard level will frustate you around half of the game then a few quite easy ones will come up near the end."
76561198341922409,Recommended,397950,28872848,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,electro-ball,amazing it does get a little bit boring though
76561198025008184,Recommended,397950,28869730,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Yoness,"Clustertruck is a game that sends a strong message about the dangers of picking the ""same day shipping"" option for your online shopping.But for real, its a great game with a great soundtrack. I beat it in four hours, which is a very short time given the price, so I suggest waiting for a sale on that alone. But once its on sale, go ahead and snag it up; you won't regret it."
,Recommended,397950,28811773,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DizzyWol,"Clustertruck is a first person game where the objective is to jump at trucks to get to the goal. Simple, right?Yet, it is suprisingly fun. The controls are simple and smooth as the interface. The game carries its humour in its premise.There are abilities that you can buy with points you collect during gameplay and there's also Workshop Support.Overall it's a good game to challenge yourself and to have fun. But mostly, you can jump on mothertrucking trucks in hell. How cool is that?10/10 :DDD"
,Recommended,397950,28916978,Posted: 1 January,all,Jack_Doodles,There is nothing to say except just buy this game. its cheap and well worth the money you pay.
76561198076712683,Recommended,397950,29082328,Posted: 7 January,all,majorface101,"I couldn't choose whether to recommend this game or not, but I chose to recommend the game since it is really fun.Pros:-Amazing platforming-Good music-Nice looking levels-Sometimes good physics-Overall a good game-Some abilities are goodCons:-Sometimes bad physics-Hard as hell levels where you feel like you can't get past the first 5 or 10 seconds-You can ""slip"" meaning you touched the truck, but the game decided you didn't touch the truck-Some obstacles are unfair-Some of the abilites are badVerdict:Like I said, it is an overall good game, Just a very difficult game in the end especially level 8:9 which is Bs, but that's my opinion"
,Recommended,397950,25746092,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BOT Jenkem,"This is Kaizo Mario World in 3d disguise. First 20 levels are easy, but then the game gets hard and your resistance only makes it harder. You will go through all stages of grief, you will be mad, you will be sad, you will be wordlessly say ""what the loving ♥♥♥♥"" with your lips, and yet you will prevail.But when your journey is complete and the boss is beaten, it's just the start of your journey."
,Recommended,397950,28941114,Posted: 2 January,all,digitalplier,This game makes me wonder whether mental stabability is overrated.10/10 would go insanse again.
,Recommended,397950,28948599,Posted: 2 January,all,The Boy Wonder,"99 Levels of this game are incredibly fun, unique, and challenging. The boss fight can make you mad enough to stomp the crunch out of an infant. Other than that, great game, albeit could use some polishing, maybe an indicator telling you whether or not your double jump has reset."
76561198054965393,Recommended,397950,28016974,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Omega Wolf,Great game that's full of intense moments that will sure to keep you on the edge of your seat!
76561198257402052,Recommended,397950,30993177,Posted: 7 April,all,Kaptin_Koolguy,The game is great! Being able to jump from truck to truck with abilities is both fun and excititing!
76561198315418976,Recommended,397950,28924070,Posted: 1 January,all,brendanthegreat,clustertruck is one of my favorite games because it uses physics and gravity too make it look like your actully jumping just imagine if they make it in vr!! and its worth the money as well. i like the part that theres multiple ways to win a leval.
,Recommended,397950,28929204,Posted: 1 January,all,runnen,"This is basically Hotline Miami with trucks.If you like Hotline Miami you will like this game.If you don't like Hotline Miami... well, truck you."
,Recommended,397950,29103625,Posted: 7 January,all,green1380,yes
76561198048227370,Recommended,397950,29146135,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"Great fast paced action, some levels are pretty hard, but it's very rewarding to reach the goal of every level. The abilities are pretty great too."
76561198039727245,Recommended,397950,29066317,Posted: 6 January,all,Λlive,"The game feels overall very clean. The controls. The Leveldesign. The music.Its a great feeling jumping trough a level at full speed, catching the edge of the last truck and going on,beating a level you died hundreds of times in.The only small downside to it is the fact, that i needed only 2h to beat the campaign (and both seasonal campaigns), but now i'm gonna try to beat it without abilities. And thanks to the workshop there are going to be more levels to explore.I think the price is on point and i dont regret throwing in 5€ more to get the soundtrack either.Overall: A huge fun clustertruck.EDIT: Just played through it a second time without ablities and i have to say its a pretty fun challenge and everyone should at least try it. It took obviously more time then the first playtrough  and you should prepare to cry a little but it is worth it."
,Recommended,397950,28724889,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Folcro,"It takes some kind of nerve and imagination to think this up, let alone pull it off so brilliantly.Everything about the core mechanics, from the controls to the physics to the wild situations you're thrown into, make this a mercilessly addicting game.There really isn't much more I can say; the trailer represents the game well. If this looks like your thing, then the only thing I can see going wrong is if for whatever reason the framerate isn't perfect; that is absolutely essential for a game like this. If not, you can always refund it, but the hassle is definitely worth the risk of hastle if this does in fact look like the kind of thing you would enjoy."
76561198031964025,Recommended,397950,28726427,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sass-o-Tron,"While I enjoy this game, I think it's important to note if you're thinking of buying it that completing it requires some degree of luck. The way the trucks move within and interact with a given level is inconsistent between different runs. This can make beating certain levels much more difficult or even impossible if you're unlucky. In addition to being frustrating, this also makes the leaderboards somewhat of a farce on several levels. If you're willing to deal with a bit of BS then it is possible to find this game quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,397950,28852983,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lisfiz,"""Theres too many trucks!""-CNN"
76561198003759260,Recommended,397950,28848545,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FrasFrasse StenMjuk,Underrastimated the game since the youtube hype... but its acctually so ♥♥♥♥in addictive :D want moooore :D
76561198089368372,Recommended,397950,28745676,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,whis,most fun i've had with a bunch of white vans
,Recommended,397950,28764448,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Guy You Know Down The Road,"Cluster truck is a great momentum based platformer that has you sprinting and flying from truck to truck to reach each levels goal. Its alot like a game called ""sina run"" as the controls are floaty and allow you to gain alot of speed. This game though improved off of everything in that game. Idk if the devs of this knew about it or its just a coincidence but either way this is a great game thats worth buying"
,Recommended,397950,28858279,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ItsJustEman,"One drug induced, super powered man attempts to destroy Amazon's stocks no matter the time, place, or danger. Hilarity Ensues."
76561198306630732,Recommended,397950,28884154,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,racingwarlock23,"Very nice game, was very enjoyable!!!"
76561198354203652,Recommended,397950,28886225,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,archbirtles,"This game is..Super fun, Super addictive, Super different, Super everything. I know ill get alot of stick for this but performance on macs is outstanding, the devs are a laugh, best money i have ever spent on steam. Get this game!"
76561198069961048,Recommended,397950,28890669,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JollyJoe135,1 day of gameplay i was hooked the whole time its a great game worth the price and its really satisfying when you get super high scores on the leaderboards my highest was a 3 #3 on the board made my night.
76561198183406281,Recommended,397950,28881185,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JuLYLION,"I wouldn't pay full price for this game. 10.99 USD should be the set cost. However, I got this during the steam winter sale. It's a cool and very insane game, but $15 (minus a penny) is a little pricey."
76561198262856981,Recommended,397950,28926964,Posted: 1 January,all,Major_Tom,"This game was one of the best indi games I personally have ever played. I first heard about this game from jse and then bought it 100% woud recommend. I love the additon of a level editor for the steam workshop, I have not made a level yet but I will."
76561198094046374,Recommended,397950,28849344,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,W0t M8,Kinda short right now but insanely awesome game.
76561198068199533,Recommended,397950,28882826,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,yall smellin,Very fun and engaging game. It's good to play when you're bored.
76561198152295351,Recommended,397950,28840884,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,campfamjlc,Awesome game. A bit challenging though. That is all that needs to be said.
76561198081270783,Recommended,397950,29117053,Posted: 8 January,all,Derenzo,10/10 Dankest game i have ever seen.
,Recommended,397950,29142573,Posted: 9 January,all,Wilbrick,"Buy this.It's a solid 10 hours of playtime, and you'll love every minute. Until the last level. That one's stupid."
,Recommended,397950,26157107,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Squiddly Diddly,"Wish this game didn't have hackers all over the leaderboard, then I could see if Im actually in the top 100 (I happened to get in the top 185, hackers included.)"
76561198125318923,Recommended,397950,33492914,Posted: 12 July,all,bloodthirsty,It's like playing a video game version of Michael Bay's fantasies
,Recommended,397950,33492585,Posted: 12 July,all,deflime,"Not bad, wait for a sale. Pretty short game. IMO the mechanics of this game are a blast to play when they work. Maybe 20% of the levels play very well into that engine, the rest just seem like filler and aren't very memorable. Pick it up on sale, pull it out with some friends over, jackpot."
76561198194560913,Recommended,397950,33525817,Posted: 13 July,all,RoboDinoDog33,good game
,Recommended,397950,29211799,Posted: 12 January,all,Neon,"Insanity and frustration incarnated into a game. It's really fun, but very difficult in the later stages and feels repetitive at the end. If you like arena shooters or speedrunning games, as well as the ability to create levels and submit them to the workshop, give it a go, when it's on sale.Pros+Fun mechanics+Kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack+Workshop levels+Abilities grant more replayablity+Difficult, but at the perfect amount+Updates with new holiday themed levelsCons-Repetitve-Not too much content (as of Jan. 2017)-A little pricey-A bit too much like Youtuber bait8/10Also if you preordered CT you could have gotten to play TABS, which is also pretty fun."
,Recommended,397950,33529723,Posted: 13 July,all,TheTerrorizingToast,"I like Parkour and I like trucks ( Bing bing bong) both of those combined you get..........ClusterTruck, Flipping Fantastic game!"
,Recommended,397950,33574734,Posted: 15 July,all,RD Benji,"My name is Randall. I live in Columbus, Ohio. I work as a truck driver and every day at approximately 5am I like to start my morning off with a good cup of coffee. Oh god do I love coffee... I usually pour in a little bit of sugar and milk just to maximize my experience. After my morning coffee, I kiss my wife and kids goodbye as I head into my marvelous green truck. On my way to work I love blasting my favorite 80's tunes from when I was little. Anyways, after I get in my truck, I drive for work. But on this one specific day, I wasn't the only truck.. There were more than just me, and there weren't only one or two more trucks than me. There were like 50! It ended up in a huge clustertruck ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,397950,33571572,Posted: 15 July,all,The Stig,Its hard.But fun i guess its good
,Recommended,397950,33571206,Posted: 15 July,all,stromertrooper,Very nice. Cheap version or mirrors edge.
,Recommended,397950,33543584,Posted: 14 July,all,Beniffy,Amazon Delivery Man Sim 2017
,Recommended,397950,32331892,Posted: 10 June,all,Machiªv ☭,"""Damn, thats badass"" - me"
,Recommended,397950,32306878,Posted: 9 June,all,therealdallaswolf,11/10 made my mind Clusterf*cked
,Recommended,397950,32330646,Posted: 10 June,all,CRAZY GAMES,it is not worcking it gust breings stem up and logs off the game
,Recommended,397950,25747176,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BOT Spicei,waiting for the sequel Cluster♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,397950,32344486,Posted: 11 June,all,Contep,Good time waster
,Recommended,397950,32121388,Posted: 1 June,all,Babou,Not a game to be played with destructible desk items.
,Not Recommended,397950,28134720,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Me,gets boring in an hour
76561198090876649,Recommended,397950,32160279,Posted: 3 June,all,Hαωк,Really fun but very little content.....Get it when its on sale.
,Recommended,397950,32166676,Posted: 3 June,all,SketchyGalore,"To anyone who claims that first person platforming can't be done with precision, I say: Clustertruck.Definitely one of the best-feeling platformers I've ever played. The sense of speed and the tightness of the controls feel like a mash-up of Super Meatboy and the Tribes series in my brain. Literally plays like a dream."
76561198169070452,Recommended,397950,31944671,Posted: 24 May,all,Sanyay,"My summary of this game.1. Jumps on truck2. Dies3. Jumps on truck again4. Doesn't die, hops on another truck5. Dies.10/10 would truck again"
,Recommended,397950,32060027,Posted: 30 May,all,AX_Zone,"An absolute golden game. The simple game mechanics, fast paced 3d platforming and good replay   value makes this one of the best games i've played. Even  if the editor is kind of confusing at , it is still fun to play around with it."
76561198274486168,Recommended,397950,31050789,Posted: 9 April,all,Captain Caboose,"Clustertruck! The name itself is awesome. This game is really fast paced and fun, and I think many people have enjoyed it. It has a lot of pros.1. It has a list of interesting unlockables, most of which are useful.2. It has a relatively long set of levels, that have enough of a difference between them to make the game not repetitive3. It also has workshop support, allowing anyone creative enough to create good levels.It does have a few levels that are difficult to follow, specifically the final one, but all in all, Clustertruck is a good game to play when your bored, or are in need of a fast paced game!"
,Recommended,397950,31051393,Posted: 9 April,all,Laro,This little game is higly addictive.From the satisfaction and adrenaline you get from completing a challenging level without abilitiesto the amazing moments when your abilities helped you beat that one crazy level from the steam workshop.Did I mention that the music and simplistic graphics are also great.Highly recommend it! (wait for it to be on sale though)
76561198206953005,Recommended,397950,29413866,Posted: 21 January,all,Schaefer_15,Can  you please fix it to where it runs better on Hp laptops?...I downloaded awhile ago at this point and I tryed to play but (im gonna say this in the nicest way possible) it runs really bad for me...constant lag...and I know how well it runs ive seen it run really really good (on other peoples computers) im not saying that this game is crap..cause its not its a really great game I highly recomend it but the lag is stupily insane...now if there is a way I can change the settings in this game to make it run better please plese tell me..tell me what the best setting would be please...if you read this please get back to me and help me I would appreciate it so much thank you for taking your time to read this.
,Recommended,397950,29450561,Posted: 23 January,all,drawingtoptarp,"This game is insane! I recommend a fast computer because my laptop lags sometimes on this game. It gets really hard really fast, but it is addicting."
,Recommended,397950,29349883,Posted: 18 January,all,carter,"""Truckloads"" of fun!But also kinda repetitive and annoying.I really like this game, and I've only seen videos of people playing it here and there so I decided to try it and I really loved it! There are some parts to the game that are a little hard and annoying, but it's still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,397950,27378241,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Volant,9/10 needs more trucker hat
76561198118335046,Recommended,397950,29433685,Posted: 22 January,all,DIE666420,VERY GOOD IF YOU HAVE RIGHT COMPUTER
,Recommended,397950,31016626,Posted: 8 April,all,Tayzooor,"This game is fantastic and addicting so many different levels and if you life to ""surf"" from counter strike you will absolutely love this game!"
,Recommended,397950,29599694,Posted: 30 January,all,Weaponized Anonymity,"♥♥♥♥ing A, awesome game.  Devs interact with the players? That is an A # 1 game.  They enjoy player interaction,, but seriously the design to be able to have fun with your players?????? Yeah!!!!!!"
,Recommended,397950,29337296,Posted: 18 January,all,BakobGaming,Really fun game
76561198074806472,Recommended,397950,29366691,Posted: 19 January,all,Baron-Von-Kek,"A great time waster, very addictive and tonnes of fun"
,Recommended,397950,29369899,Posted: 19 January,all,✪ wormo,"I enjoyed this game very much. It seemed like the kind of game that Strong Bad would make enjoy. It was a lot of fun, and I enjoyed the challenge, all the way up until the last level which seemed unnecessarily difficult. Other than that, great game, but don't expect to ""beat it"" if you're not ready to pour hours into a single level or unless you are a platforming god."
76561198121942285,Recommended,397950,29363732,Posted: 19 January,all,Merlin,Why is there a boss fight?
,Recommended,397950,29515180,Posted: 26 January,all,.Sergeant Jelly,Very fun but kinda hard as well. Expect to get mad at it from time to time.
,Recommended,397950,29512203,Posted: 26 January,all,Radonić,Reminds me of the trucks level from gang beasts.
76561198054989930,Recommended,397950,29529781,Posted: 27 January,all,xXSwitchOfficialXx,"Clustertruck is an extremely fun fast paced platformer that is very addicting. If you think your brain can process how fast your going, and be able to jump from platform to platfrom then this is the game for you. I highly recommend this to anyone who hasnt played it."
76561198159170926,Recommended,397950,29428298,Posted: 22 January,all,Foxboi,Ever wanted to do a slow motion backflip into a waterfall of white semis?Ever wanted to jump onto a bunch of trucks slowly flying over a pit while he screen looks like an action movie trailer?Ever wanted to climb up a lava monster and trampoline off its head onto a sea of trucks?Ever wanted to play Mirrors Edge on a highway?Ever wanted to play Sonic on a highway?Ever wanted to play Dying Light on a highway?If you said no to any of these then you get to drive these wonderfully nice white semis... Off some cliffs and into lava and such...If you said yes then congrats! You get to jump on those wonderful white semis for the small fee of $15! Goooood luck!
76561198049183091,Recommended,397950,29423364,Posted: 22 January,all,CanisLupus4285,"A crazy first-person platformer with insane mechanics but great fun. Maybe not worth the full price depending on your opinion due to its length, but damn is it very enjoyable for the whole time."
,Recommended,397950,28723786,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheSmashBro64,How this man takes the G's i will never knowWait its a robotcrap i dont have any jokes now
76561198112596020,Recommended,397950,29069412,Posted: 6 January,all,Dwolfin,Ride trucks to the pits of hell and kill satan himself while dogging obsticles on top of trucks at sonic speeds!Must I say more?
,Recommended,397950,29073936,Posted: 6 January,all,john,Great fun
76561198045437695,Recommended,397950,28740711,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kygar,"This game is tons of fun. Fanastic music, fast paced gameplay, tons of unique levels each with their own twist and music. There is a factor of randomness to each instance of the level that no two playthroughs of a single level are the same. It will occasionally screw you, I love it. Glad I saw this at PAX, and at this price you would regret picking it up."
,Recommended,397950,28736619,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,socks,"There's something about trucks that work well in physics-based games. Truck Dismount hinted at what was possible in 2006 and ten years later we have Clustertruck, a platformer where navigating to the end of each level is almost secondary to surviving the cavalcade of trucks pelted at you.It feels like the title was decided first, and a game made around it. That's no criticism of it though. The joy of just seeing the trucks moved, jostled and destroyed in front of you is an experience in itself. The game is made up of a number of themed worlds that introduce more and more elements to keep you on your toes. From simple barriers to jump through to moving lasers to dodge as you progress, the game challenges you gradually, and throws a new problem just as you feel like you've mastered what the game has to offer.The level design can seem chaotic, but there is often a clear path to follow amongst the carnage. There are few levels where the path to the end is not apparent, particularly the last level, but otherwise it's relatively straightforward.The platforming and controls are adequate. I played the majority of the game with a controller, and while I found jumping between the trucks easy enough I found turning to be quite difficult with the stick. I also feel you don't have as much manoeuvrability in the air as I feel you should.Clustertruck is not a very deep game, but the experience of truck-hopping in this sandbox was quite enjoyable and something great to play for 10-15 minutes at a time. Simple platforming goodness."
,Recommended,397950,28722458,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gaddafi,"I've owned and followed this game since the announcement and when the subreddit was made. I was an original beta tester and I can assure you. This game is very fun, one of my favorite games. It is an innovator in this genre. I'd pay 40 dollars for this, 9 dollars on sale is a steal."
76561198052108110,Recommended,397950,28731737,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JetHead,"It seems like a simple concept that would only last an hour or two. But what you get is an intense platformer with insane speed. It's easy to learn but takes a lot of work to master. It takes some serious timing and coordination in the higher levels, but it is very rewarding when you finally cross that finish line."
76561198130817528,Recommended,397950,28731770,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dom,11/10 would jump on more trucks
76561198032182301,Recommended,397950,33421310,Posted: 9 July,all,themagicalfish,Exactly the right amount of jumping on trucks. 10/10.
76561198043999933,Recommended,397950,33387460,Posted: 8 July,all,Chocolate Loli·pop,Clustertruck is 4-D chess for those with a dexadrine dependancy
,Recommended,397950,33435399,Posted: 10 July,all,degeneratedspax,british youtube commentary simulator 2017
76561198151187661,Recommended,397950,33444283,Posted: 10 July,all,Tarthor,Best Mad Max simulator on the market.
,Recommended,397950,33438794,Posted: 10 July,all,Deadpoolimhoff1991,its fun and hard
76561198306240648,Recommended,397950,33439039,Posted: 10 July,all,Clatern,"Well, this is a fun game. Get it, it's good. It's worth your money, if you're not poor. I guess I should start the pros and cons list now, like most reviews do. Okay.Pros:+ Gets straight into the action (doesn't have a plot)+ Fitting soundtrack that gets you allpumped upppppp+ Simple graphics that are pleasing totheyour eye(s)+ Levels that are challenging but not discouraging+ Multiple skills to choose from, which can suit any player's style+ A level creator+ Many levels and player-made levels from the Workshop+ Very fluid and responsive controlsCons:- A difficulty curve that's a bit too steep- Uh- Umm- Doesn't really have any bad things for reviewers to put in their ""cons"" lists"
76561198161555259,Recommended,397950,33429926,Posted: 10 July,all,Polski Industries AS,"Very unique gampley, that is damn woth buying(at sale ofc). Really addicting, and challenging. Gotta go FAAST!8/10"
76561198052716059,Recommended,397950,33455621,Posted: 11 July,all,Fat Orange Cat,"Definitely a game to pick up when on sale as $15 for a 5-10 hour game with minimal graphics is a bit overpriced imo. While it might be pricey, it does offer some unique and crazy gameplay for those few hours. Yes, some of the levels rely on the RNG working in your favour and the graphics aren't anything special but it does promise an experience like no other. Would recommend this to anyone who likes small, sometimes humorous, indie games, anyone who doesn't mind replaying the same level up to 10-20 times, or anyone who just wants to try something new and whacky for a few hours."
,Recommended,397950,25785990,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dio,this game has all things needed to be fun- a grappling hook- beyblade- bakugan- waluigi10/10
,Recommended,397950,29729684,Posted: 5 February,all,Roboguy420,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing graphics, nice to play, good controls, but not recommended because of 3-2. ♥♥♥♥ you too dev.EDIT: Forgot about this, might as well change it to positive lol."
,Recommended,397950,30086777,Posted: 21 February,all,Brymax21,"I love this game and the countless hours I spent on it. I love playing difficult platformers, and this was an interesting twist."
76561198043993399,Recommended,397950,30160739,Posted: 25 February,all,ALPELA,"It's the floor is lava, but taken to the absolute highest level.The gameplay at its core is a platformer, but the ability to strafe in the air and ride along trucks for extra speed makes it so much more. If you've ever tried surfing or rocket jumping in a source engine game it's somewhat similar to that. I can see it being difficult to get used to, but once mastered the gameplay is exilerating and extremely fast. Add in a multitude of different unlockable abilities(some of which are more humorous than useful) and you get gameplay that is fun, fast, and somewhat creative in a way.The sound design is top notch, there's a neat little twitch integration if you plan on streaming the game, the levels and there mechanics are well designed(with a few glaring exceptions), and there's even a level creator which allows you to make your own levels and share them online so other people can play them.My main issue with the game is that unless you're a speed runner or a perfectionist, the game may seem somewhat lacking in content. Including the 2 holiday theme worlds there are only 11 worlds and 105 levels. That may seem like a lot, but the game is so fast that those levels can past by in an instant if you're good enough. It took me about 4 hours to beat the entire game, and I'd wager that at least 1 hour was spent on the last level of world 9. I'll definately go back to beat some levels again for my daily dose of speed, but if you're someone who just wants to complete and game and not replay previous levels them $15 might seem a bit steep for about 3-5 hours of game (albeit an extremely fun one).If however you are a believer that quality is better than quantity I'd recommend this game one thousand times over."
,Recommended,397950,30149411,Posted: 24 February,all,nick wilde,"There's not that much settings for this game but it runs ok on my potato computer, game is fun and the ost is great. Nothing feels repetitive. My only complaint is the ammount of options, the only option for graphics is fantastic! It doesn't run fantastic for me though. It's great overall,"
76561198272631910,Recommended,397950,27850899,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Genghis Kahn Do It,great game i love it!
76561198075943422,Recommended,397950,29041591,Posted: 5 January,all,The Stacker™,"A Clustertruck of a game; completely, insanely...Brilliant.The graphics are visually appealing and don't detract from the game's purpose, which is an amazing and very creative ""floor is lava"" concept. What else can I say? Absolutely brilliant. I wholeheartedly recommend this!"
76561198067979779,Recommended,397950,28603412,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,saldi60,trucks!lasers!bombs!!raining trucks!!magnets!!!time control!!!!ninja tricks!!!!EPIC TRUCKS!!!!!BUY. THIS. GAME.10/10
,Recommended,397950,30209355,Posted: 26 February,all,jíX_ tipofthehats.org,"I've had an alpha copy of this game on my PC, and decided I had no need to purchase the new version. However, with the creative gameplay, and style that Landfall created in this game, I just HAD to spend 20$ on a game I already had."
,Recommended,397950,25912309,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,swill,"This game is a blast. They finally fixed the bug in which al of your abilities would go away, thanks"
76561198065398096,Recommended,397950,30233840,Posted: 27 February,all,Skweaks,"Your Name: Carl, Truck MarineYour Mission: Heard your trucks to victory, the cost may be high, but it is a price we must pay"
,Recommended,397950,30225966,Posted: 27 February,all,Admiraal spetter poep,LOVE LOVE LOVE ME LOVE THIS SO MUCH!
,Recommended,397950,25771735,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Link223,its lagging so MUCH ADD A NEW GRAPHIC QUALITY PLEASE :(
,Recommended,397950,25983405,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,rez iz zdubid,"""THIS IS MADNESS!""""Madness? THIS IS COMPLETE UTTER CHAOS WITH A SIDE OF MADNESS AND YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT'S HAPPENING ON THE SCREEN""BAM. Everything Said."
,Recommended,397950,25983956,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mooshi,Fun but it's really not worth the 15 dollars. it should be 10 dollars at most.
,Recommended,397950,25813272,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kagerjay,10/10beat final boss after banging head on wallwhat a cluster ****would injure wrist again
,Recommended,397950,25861197,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"spicy memes:best truck simulator 11/9""buzz we missed the truck""-""were not aiming for th-*&(*^*(""this game really improved my split!""-van damme"
76561198311840559,Recommended,397950,26093210,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Unknown Plays,I love this game!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,397950,26022238,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Morton Treeman,fun game. needs simpler graphics quality options
76561198045453958,Recommended,397950,26305861,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Zeta497,Wonderfully infuriating game that is also a lot of fun.
,Recommended,397950,26329125,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Orthancdestroyer,k
,Not Recommended,397950,28886582,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DankNarwhal,literally just crashes. Dont waste your good money. It was working up until a week or so then it just crashes on startup. What a game.
76561198212829149,Recommended,397950,25849193,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,goldendoodledude,"This is one of my new favorite games! Love this! I just had to get used to the physics and it's so fun! I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a fun ""platformer"".100/10 will Cluster Truck again."
,Recommended,397950,25971377,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ariel,Imigrant Calais simulator 2016 ... feeling like a jumping mohamad
76561198334954831,Recommended,397950,28909834,Posted: 1 January,all,ButterFingers,I like trucks.
,Recommended,397950,25776503,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Aliltruk,"Clustertruck is a game in which you jump from truck to truck to get to the end of the level. There are 9 worlds, each having 10 levels and most of them are easy. Every world introduces a new feature to the game (lasers, rising lava, boost pads etc.).In every world there's 1-2 levels which take a while to complete with a few exceptions.If you're looking for a game that has good graphics, gameplay, a very cool ending and many, many trucks, this game is for you."
,Recommended,397950,25811831,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Robux Investor,4 Levels: Pshhhhhhh who cares ezpz git rekt skrub5th Level: JESUS ♥♥♥♥ WHY DID THE GOD DAMN INSANE TRUCK DRIVER PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥SWERVE AT THE LAST SEcOND ♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
76561198072483389,Recommended,397950,25812705,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dizz,An amazing game expressing how Moses moved all the hebrew out of Egypt.
,Recommended,397950,30200143,Posted: 26 February,all,pekneek,cluster♥♥♥♥ cluster♥♥♥♥ cluster ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥
76561198349318408,Recommended,397950,30210189,Posted: 26 February,all,BlueDust409,1.good sound track2.10/10 whould rage agein3.good leavels4.graet desiensorry for bad typing
,Recommended,397950,30301952,Posted: 3 March,all,BoxOfFaces,"For fans of parkour/speedruning who want to have their skills challenged in what might be the silliest setting possible, this game is for you.The platforming feels great, the levels are challenging, and the tone will make you chuckle on occasion without ever trying too hard to be weird or funny. This game simply aims to be tight, enjoyable fast-paced platforming game about jumping on trucks in bizzare environments.10/10 would truck again."
,Recommended,397950,30301241,Posted: 3 March,all,Spaghettio,"First of all, I want to say I thoroughly enjoy playing this game. The speed and nonsense that happens during levels causes you to rely on your gut instinct, an element which I love.And without any more, lets get into the pros and cons:Pros:+Quick, gut instict relying levels+Makes you feel really cool about yourself+I love how something so mundane (like a truck) is transformed into something so fun+Some moments which make you say ""What the f***?"" which I ABSOLUTELY love!+Happy and colorful art style which instantly puts you in a good mood.There are many more, but for the sake of people not reading this forever (and for the sake of me running out of ideas) lets move on!Cons:-Some levels can seem similar to others-Fail after fail makes you a little angry-Some levels can be repetetive after failing multiple times-Some levels are almost impossible without upgrades, so you have to download the dreaded ""Easy Points!"" workshop map.The Clustertruck Editor:Onto the final part of this review, I decided to give the editor its own section because it is... something special.The editor is really cool in the aspect that you can make your own extremely ridiculous truck filled levels. You can even turn off lethality for certain objects meaning you don't even need trucks in your level. However, I've made it sound really good and flawless. In my opinion, it's 'decent' at best. There's enough tools to make a cool map, but if you don't save every 2 seconds there's a chance that your hard worked on map will suddenly disappear and be replaced with a truck in the middle of nowhere (the default 'editor' level). The tools can often break, too. I've experienced the rotation tools scaling or moving the objects, and the scaling or moving tools rotating objects. My mouse often also disappears from the screen at times.Conclusion:This game is very fun if you're into it's genre and if you're a calm person who enjoys a challenge. Just don't rely on the editor working.>Buy it on sale."
76561198135297965,Recommended,397950,31378985,Posted: 26 April,all,icecreamZawesome,gg
76561198269103901,Recommended,397950,31385734,Posted: 26 April,all,Premetheus,"i flippin LOOOOVED this game, its completly insaine and keeps up with a good challenge!"
,Recommended,397950,31386693,Posted: 26 April,all,ZoruaXStar,Pursue the dare-devil lifestyle without all of the medical bills!
76561198272275245,Recommended,397950,31396818,Posted: 27 April,all,Assassinking,The game was good and fresh until the last level.
,Recommended,397950,31213216,Posted: 17 April,all,Auss1e,8/10Not enough trucks.I would still recommend it though
76561198165673100,Recommended,397950,31258104,Posted: 20 April,all,Sfyze,Awesome game! We just need more lvls!
76561198177343410,Recommended,397950,30002090,Posted: 17 February,all,Lastieee,This Game Tho...F****** Trucktencifying
,Recommended,397950,31427315,Posted: 28 April,all,ssulcer,"amazing game, very addicting, nice and fast"
76561197992013563,Recommended,397950,31443611,Posted: 29 April,all,a dark mist,This is a really fun twitch platformer.  Play without any of the unlockable abilities for a real challenge.
,Recommended,397950,31421516,Posted: 28 April,all,Pepe Escobar,5 minuites in: 'This game seems pretty easy' 5 hours in: 'JUST LAND ON THE ♥♥♥♥ING TRUCK PLEASE' 10/01
,Recommended,397950,31609435,Posted: 7 May,all,innocentpenguin,Great game if you like parkour and free updates
,Recommended,397950,31615229,Posted: 7 May,all,xizbow,"Clustertruck is a good game. Might be a little boring to some people, but not me. It's a game about jumping from truck to truck, and you just try to get to the end of the level. Good!"
,Recommended,397950,31403425,Posted: 27 April,all,BOIPUSSY,Horny
76561198106394395,Recommended,397950,31603031,Posted: 7 May,all,scarce,"The year is 2020 in a dystopian future you are a Mexican immigrant who is trying to cross ""THE WALL"".10/10 would break spacebar again"
,Recommended,397950,31689728,Posted: 11 May,all,✪ Wizardz -iwnl-,♥♥♥♥ing great
,Recommended,397950,31640837,Posted: 8 May,all,Kascade,Complete and utter chaos. Worth the money. I think...
,Recommended,397950,31641320,Posted: 9 May,all,Potatofucker420,"For sure on my favourite, if not my favourite, games. Runs really smoothly, controls are on point, I usually sit at the back off class playing this and nobody notices :P"
76561198342587757,Recommended,397950,31798422,Posted: 16 May,all,Thee_oddworld,well how do i start this... okay well its addickive like geometry dash because geometry dash wants u to rage more
,Recommended,397950,31725753,Posted: 13 May,all,Mick,This game is fun but becomes repetitive after a while and sometimes annoying
76561198327151740,Recommended,397950,31740733,Posted: 13 May,all,---Vk,"I like this game becouse its fun to play, its chill to play. I like it!"
,Recommended,397950,31069748,Posted: 10 April,all,runningzoomcat,EPIC!
76561198043495262,Recommended,397950,29206701,Posted: 12 January,all,Red Pyro,One of the best games I have ever played. It is customizable and really fun. Despite the short campaign it is awesome.
,Recommended,397950,29206708,Posted: 12 January,all,InfiniteGamer1,Cool consept for a game however it is very frustrating when you die!
76561198180140661,Recommended,397950,29212605,Posted: 12 January,all,Odinsflapjack,This game is simple yet addicting. its frustrating yet glorius. I HIGHLY recomend this game.
,Recommended,397950,26724049,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bob Evans (Alex),SO MUCH RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGE!!!!!!!
76561197984928318,Recommended,397950,29149855,Posted: 9 January,all,Nelwarth,"Ok. I have a lot of games. I sometimes write 2 word reviews of them, but normally I either enjoy it, or don't, and never tell anyone how I felt. This game is absolutely fantastic. I truly havent smiled playing a game from  joy since probably Super Mario World. This is just great.10/10."
,Recommended,397950,29150101,Posted: 9 January,all,"sk8 fast, eat ass","i reccomend this based on how fun it was and it was great for a beginner but in only 1 hour and 20 minutes i got to the 5th world, I do not think about 3 hours of game time is worth 15 dollars."
,Recommended,397950,29166345,Posted: 10 January,all,hooman,"This isn't exactly the easiest game to play. It is unique music, hard levels, and OKAY graphics. If you like rage quit games and  games where you have to go as fast as you can, then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,397950,29197527,Posted: 11 January,all,luigiisgreeny,"9 worlds, each world has 10 levels9 breadsticks, each breadstick is 10cm long9 baskets, each basket has 10 apples9 packages, each package has 10 amazing gifts9 holidays, each holiday has 10 buckets of alcohol9 bags, each bag has 10 pieces of chips9 houses, each house has 10 rooms9 waterbottles, each waterbottle has 10 soda9 people, each person has 10 arms9 cars, each car has 10 wheels9 tv's, each tv has 10 pixels (very cheap tv's)9 tables, each table has room for 10 trucks9 cookies, each cookie has 10 cookies9 trucks, each truck has 10 balloons"
,Recommended,397950,25739467,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MHZoda,PLEASE BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,397950,29750834,Posted: 6 February,all,Kenji,Carkour.
,Recommended,397950,30056449,Posted: 20 February,all,Attack Helicopter,"I've hadn't had so much fun in a long time!!!!! Clustertruck is a game based around speed and continuing your momentum. Sometimes when you launch a workshop item, the trucks are above you. It would be nice if the devs can fix this problem. Overall, Clustertruck is an interesting games with hours of gameplay."
76561198041130973,Recommended,397950,30116952,Posted: 23 February,all,Comander555666,weird but fun buy it on sale!
,Recommended,397950,29791083,Posted: 8 February,all,CrazyMan777,"Well I truly love this game, the trial and error till success is a amazing process in each zone, and even the special zones like halloween and holidays is a joy to play, i must say the holiday one was suprisingly short, but i still enjoyed it.Well I would say a game like this isnt a ""replay"" type of game unless your able to start all over again.Its the first game iv'e ever bought on steam, and its one i personaly wont regret.10/10, would restart the game all over again :) (no joke)But i once played custom maps a lot, but now i cant play custom maps, and now no maps even show up on my custom maps thing now. So to anyone out there, if i uninstall my game, and reinstall will i lose all my current progress?"
,Recommended,397950,29785347,Posted: 8 February,all,PurpleXVI,"Clustertruck is 90% fun, 10% awful. So it merits a purchase.The 90% fun include a great soundtrack, a fun concept and about every nine out of ten levels that are really enjoyable.The remaining 10% include moving instakill obstacles in a first-person platformer where you, as a result, can't tell where your character's head, legs or back stop, and the randomness. Whatever physics engine governs Clustertruck includes a pretty big chunk of RNG, which means that in some levels, you might flub an attempt simply because zero trucks made a necessary jump or they all dogpiled halfway down the track.I appreciate that there's SOME randomness, since it helps keep things fresh, but when a given level doesn't let you waste a split-second if you want to catch the next convoy so you can actually beat it, having that split-second be governed by randomness in the trucks' steering, colliding and flipping... is a pretty unfun thing.Still, I don't regret this purchase. Make sure to get the OST, though, if you get Clustertruck, the OST is awesome."
76561198131644920,Recommended,397950,30017691,Posted: 18 February,all,MonsterJJ2000,"Super addicting, Complete and utter chaos, Cool graphics, Challenging10/10"
,Recommended,397950,30021706,Posted: 18 February,all,Stabby McTaco,It's a clusterF***.
,Recommended,397950,29989813,Posted: 17 February,all,:V,This game is very fun and I think that it's very easy to build your own level
76561198089178707,Recommended,397950,29995358,Posted: 17 February,all,Rais_,"Sooooo good, but the steampunk levels are so hard lol"
,Recommended,397950,30020620,Posted: 18 February,all,Heisend00dle,"In my opinion, there's a huge difference between getting stressed out over a game and getting frustrated over a game. Clustertruck will make you frustrated beyond belief, but that's not a bad thing. It's a very challenging, very rewarding game. The premise is simple enough: jumping from truck to truck until you reach the end of the level. However, where this game really shines is the level design. It looks easy at first glance, then you delve into it and realize the challenge that lies within each one. Nothing beats the feeling of finally beating a level after trying and failing over and over again.This game is super fun and well worth the price. My personal score: 9/10"
76561198185094571,Recommended,397950,29925895,Posted: 14 February,all,Altalex,"This game is so fun, if you are looking for some sorta speed and rush thrill you should defin get it!"
,Recommended,397950,29928166,Posted: 14 February,all,Lil' fågel (JarS),"Extremely fun and addicting! I definitely recommend this to folks that enjoy games with a large selection of levels and challenging gameplay. The graphics are neat and the controls are ergonomic. It's perfect for backround footage for commentary videos and similar utilities. However, the price of the game is not particularly reasonable. I would recommend buying it on sales, like I did.Anyway, despite the cons, it's certainly one of my proudest purchases here on Steam, hence I recommend it."
76561198074463524,Recommended,397950,29940612,Posted: 15 February,all,nerdynarwhals,"Super fun game, can be frustrating at times, but still a good game."
,Recommended,397950,29944625,Posted: 15 February,all,Neptune,The best platformer i've palyed however dont hold my view to high stadards
,Recommended,397950,29943712,Posted: 15 February,all,Kirby The Meme Man™,"i bought this game when it was on sale, and i love it! i really recommend this game, and you should have headphones while playing this game, that's all i'm going to saygo buy the game"
,Recommended,397950,29920766,Posted: 14 February,all,dgt81,8/10
,Recommended,397950,29920281,Posted: 14 February,all,Nofate301,"A simple idea turned into something so much more.The idea for cluster truck started out on Reddit, at least as far as I saw.  It was posted as a silly gif showing off an interesting game mechanic.  It was originally titled Highway Fight Squad, I believe and changed to ClusterTruck.It's simple, get through a level as fast as possible, the floor is lava, and the furniture are semi-trucks.Is it fun? Oh yes.  Is it hilarious? Oh yes.You're gonna feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥at times when you pull off those nail biter of a jump to finish a level, and other times you're just gonna be frustrated.  Which is fun too.You're gonna like this game."
76561198129152278,Recommended,397950,29922269,Posted: 14 February,all,RisingStar,Great game. Gets harder the further you get and it's great if you love speedruns.
,Recommended,397950,29933041,Posted: 14 February,all,StevenSeagal,"Clustertruck is a suprisingly intense and engaging game. There's lots of elements of insanity all around you, but the unlockable abilities make for decent strategizing to overcome them. The chaos of the trucks as they get tossed around can be annoying sometimes, but works very well to the game's design. Sure you won't get the exact same pattern of trucks flying around every time, but if you pay attention well enough you can spot the pattern and learn the strategy you need to employ to beat the stage.The game moves as fast through its campaign as you do through a given level and steam workshop support is nice, too. The soundtrack and interface are great and the game feels really well optimized for something as simple as a speed runner type game. Definitely a suprise with how intense it gets, sometimes I have to sit and let myself calm down before trying to complete another level!"
76561198245063136,Recommended,397950,30069224,Posted: 20 February,all,IceBear4Pres,"I highly recommend this game, long duration game play, never ending fun with so many abilities to choose from, and you get to also play a bit of Superhot once you buy the Supertruck ability.+Innovative Gameplay+You get to act like your in the Matrix+With the large arsenal of abilities every game is a new story+Quick download+Good minimalism graphics+Smooth gameplay on highest graphics mode on PC+Fair price-Not so smooth on macI highly recommend getting this game. Tell all your friends about it. If I were to sum this up, ""Made me satisfied by a landslide."""
76561198285009092,Recommended,397950,31052794,Posted: 9 April,all,100% badass,"This game is a fast paced parkour game in where you play as some 5 year old daredevil  playing the most intence game of floor is lava, or the while you need to kill some demonic force. To sum this game up, its a cluster truck.If youre a fan of Happy Wheels, you will love this."
,Recommended,397950,28680247,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Whalefish,I've never wanted a game to end so badly.10/10 would rage again
76561198050342463,Recommended,397950,28699170,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,idk how many times i got a virus,Dis game is like parkour but you can buy abilities and the abilites are equiped when you clikc on them also you cant  touch anything but the trucks and you have to dodge and make it to the end
76561198351870565,Recommended,397950,28688936,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PIE123,IT IS A FUN ACTION PACKED GAME EVERY ONE SHOULD ENJOY!
76561198119721557,Recommended,397950,28689123,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Citizen-Nappa,just get thwe came because words cannot discribe the level of awesome that is to be found here.
,Recommended,397950,28683315,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Minimum Tomato,"Insanely fun and smooth, just a game of pure perfected chaos"
,Recommended,397950,31022589,Posted: 8 April,all,Badaba,cluster♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,397950,26808563,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Boownage,"Very chaotic platforming game with some nice abilities which really make the gameplay a very enjoyable experience. Can get frustrating at times but when you get the hang of it and you have unlocked some of the abilities, it really is a very fun game."
76561198095964313,Recommended,397950,32837992,Posted: 26 June,all,That one guy,The only other games I know of with a last stage that's based in Hell are the first Touhou and Saint's Row...And in this game you have to get there with trucks...
76561198218073617,Recommended,397950,32835306,Posted: 26 June,all,Camelous,Pretty good game tbh
,Recommended,397950,32870919,Posted: 27 June,all,Don Spaghetti,"A challenging game. Challenging but great. This game is probably one of the most unique, simplistic, addictive game I have ever played. Does get slightly boring 12 worlds in, but the 12 worlds I did play were fun as anything.I would definitely recommend this - 8/10"
76561198136985842,Recommended,397950,32959695,Posted: 28 June,all,Eli,Fun silly game. A great time waster.
76561198085544018,Recommended,397950,32965042,Posted: 28 June,all,Boergeiam,"I would say, that this is a very accurate Amazon Prime delievery simulator.Has the traffic, has the trucks, and has the style of driving.perfectly explains why my package arrives like it does; damaged, and late.10/10 would play Amazon Prime Simulator again"
,Recommended,397950,32965406,Posted: 28 June,all,Lucid Dreams,"It is cool, maybe turn down the prices/buy on sale."
76561198170025054,Recommended,397950,32952990,Posted: 28 June,all,Viteran,"i managed to beat the game today, man that last level. Great game i highly recommend the game :D"
76561198065205060,Recommended,397950,33113368,Posted: 1 July,all,Duane,The Floor is Lava: The GameBasically
,Recommended,397950,33114856,Posted: 1 July,all,✪Bape,Cluster truck is a great game for rehab
,Recommended,397950,33123912,Posted: 2 July,all,spambus,Pros:-Nice soundtrack-Great Adrenaline Fueled Gameplay-easy to understand and use mechanics-supports mods and you can make your own levels-easy on the eyesCons:-it's pretty short: you can finish all the levels within 4 to 5 hours-not all abilities are great and it's not always clear what the abilities do
76561198161430172,Recommended,397950,33125247,Posted: 2 July,all,Turd-Is-The-Word,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yV6CTqduv-IA summary of Clustertruck in 40 seconds
76561198328578809,Recommended,397950,33127854,Posted: 2 July,all,idoabr,thats a nice game
,Recommended,397950,33124282,Posted: 2 July,all,kiwiFudge,My butt has never been so consistently tense during a game. +1 for the exercise. Also a fun game.
,Recommended,397950,33112472,Posted: 1 July,all,JNinjaPug,Good game
,Recommended,397950,25766484,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Renrir,I have a headache now.I'm just going to lie down right here if that is ok...
,Recommended,397950,25871705,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Clorax,♥♥♥♥ that last level
,Recommended,397950,28213322,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ebodear,Bounced on my boy's truck for hours to this game.
,Recommended,397950,30249173,Posted: 28 February,all,✅Skeazix™,This is an amazing game because of its perfect speed when jumping to other trucks and items you can use ingame!
76561198136410938,Recommended,397950,30288559,Posted: 2 March,all,MaskedInfam0us,"Clustertruck is a fun little game to play once in a while when you're bored. I would highly suggest this game if you like small games for example mario party. Games like these do not apply interest to some people, but I truly appreciate Clustertruck !7.5/10"
76561198330168182,Recommended,397950,31285192,Posted: 21 April,all,asdfmovie0328,Good game
76561198054507005,Recommended,397950,31306755,Posted: 22 April,all,smiley trashbag,Thsi game is awesome.
,Recommended,397950,31109284,Posted: 12 April,all,RizBoy-CFS,"In Australia, we call these drivers L Platers"
,Recommended,397950,31317698,Posted: 23 April,all,Tellecron,"Jump to the right! Jump to the left! Slow mow grappel parkour on a flying truck! And not die!I recommed this for hardcore parkour gamers who have the intention of jumping every second of the level and for people who are addicted to. TRUCKS, TRUCKS AND MORE TRUCKS!"
,Recommended,397950,31328470,Posted: 23 April,all,Mercury,need good compuetr
76561198100745110,Recommended,397950,33098547,Posted: 1 July,all,JKAssassin,"Very fun game, easy controls and jsut all out amazing"
76561198218511508,Recommended,397950,33090755,Posted: 1 July,all,Mark SuCCerberg,Developers should add B-HoppingxD
,Recommended,397950,33071442,Posted: 1 July,all,Anal Crust,"There isn't much to this game. All that's asked of you is that you stay on the trucks and make it to a finish line. Sounds boring, right? Well you're wrong. When your sitting on the hood of a truck and it decides to flip into the air and launch you matrix-style into a cluster of even angrier trucks that are having a shoving match while a canyons wall crumbles around you and smashes the unfortunate others around you while you just barely skid your way across the finish line, and the room for error is marginal at best, then you got yourself a fun♥♥♥♥♥game.And that's just one level."
76561197980905598,Recommended,397950,33081548,Posted: 1 July,all,Clericopter,"A surprising amount of depth is wrung out of the very basic core concept. There are many more levels than expected, and almost each one manages to add an entertaining twist to the formula.  On top of it all, the difficulty curve is amazingly well-balanced and ramps up quite naturally throughout the campaign. From the videos, you might think you're entirely at the mercy of the physics engine, but it's been smartly tweaked to be just the right amount of deterministic. I went in expecting randomness and frustration, but what I got was one of the most satisfying and exhilirating first-person experiences I've had in a while.tl;dr: Only two games have made me physically lean sideways, gritting my teeth while playing them. Rocket League was one, this is the other."
76561198004625903,Recommended,397950,33065421,Posted: 30 June,all,Littlepsycho,"I barely understand what is going on but it's cheap, fun, and challenging."
76561198151770360,Recommended,397950,33067897,Posted: 30 June,all,Lance skinhub.com,What a meme
,Recommended,397950,33077610,Posted: 1 July,all,Leurisi,"Clustertruck is a incredibly chaotic yet addictive game that you can enjoy hours upon hours on. Speed your way through on non-stationary trucks without touching the floor and attempt to overcome your mates best score on that particular level. I have only played a few hours on this game but loved it all throughout. Now lets get onto the pros and cons of the title ""Clustertruck"".Pros:Lots of diversity in maps, abilities and challengesLegendary graphicsWorkshop is availableCons:Movement can sometimes be a bit too sensitiveDoesn't work well on controllersAlthough you may not find yourself having fun at this game using a controller but it is still an easy and incredibly enjoyable game that you CAN find yourself playing for hours. I rate this game 8/10."
76561198190097946,Recommended,397950,33094604,Posted: 1 July,all,TeeVE,I perfer my packages To go by plane. Anyway the game is really fuun and I recomend it .
,Recommended,397950,33159081,Posted: 2 July,all,CodeNameAtlas,its a clusterf**k
76561198130292347,Recommended,397950,32830194,Posted: 26 June,all,Blake,"Its a good game. Very original and fun. It can make you rage alot but its addicting. The one bad thing about this game is the time you can put into it, its sad that for a $15 game you can only get about 15 hours out of it. I would reccomened if you could get it cheap."
,Recommended,397950,33700679,Posted: 21 July,all,Pvt. Rockii,m25 on a monday morning: the game
,Recommended,397950,33483198,Posted: 12 July,all,CamRespawned,The trucks drive better than GTA V's AI.
,Recommended,397950,33493482,Posted: 12 July,all,Tyler Joseph,The rage is real
76561198009687696,Recommended,397950,33460924,Posted: 11 July,all,Tiga-Claw,Super Meat Boy learns to jump over trucks
76561198128287463,Recommended,397950,33284522,Posted: 5 July,all,Shiny Magikarp,"Now having beaten all the official levels in Clustertruck at around 10h of playtime, I can definitively say that Ilovethis game.Clustertruck is fun, butt-clenching, fast-paced, action entertainment that I really enjoy. The soundtrack rocks, and the levels are unique with an extremely high replay value (because every level can play out in about 100 different ways). There are abilities & utilities which allow you to customize how you approach certain levels, and a timing system which gives you the motivation to go back and improve.Clustertruck is not without its faults, however. There are some seriously aggravating parts to this game.One of these is related to what I said before about ""every level can play out.."". This is frustrating because it feels like the trucksneverdo the same thing twice. So in one attempt your route would've worked perfectly had you not misclicked, but the moment you start the next attempt you can't even make it past the first obstacle. In one sense, this adds high replay value and always makes the gameplay experience unique. On the other hand, it can beveryfrustrating when you approach a level for the first time. In a similar way, the environment is inconsistent. Some objects, walls, pillars, etc. you can touch, run, or jump off of, and others you can't. And there's no real way of knowing until you try it.Another (possibly personal) complaint of mine is momentum in the air. Controlling your momentum in the air can be very tricky. And even though after a while you get the hang of it, it never makes much sense. Basically, in the air you can't control your momentum in any directionexceptforward, which you can control greatly. So if you need to adjust a smidge to the right, you have to turn to the right and move forward and then turn back to look in your original direction again, because simply holding the ""d"" key probably won't move you far enough.Another issue is related to the timing system I mentioned. The timing system itself rocks (besides the fact that the leaderboards are plagued by the times of cheaters). However, there is an option in game to race ghosts. These ghosts are models of your best time, your friend's, or world best. However, there is a bug that always says ""No ghost found"" and it makes one of the achievements impossible to get. It's kinda surprising a bug so big as this still exists this long into the game's life.Edit: I have found a solution and posted about it in the forums, but the bug still persists.I know it looks like I've ragged on this game a lot, but I really love Clustertruck and I'll probably log many more hours into it before I'm done. One critical aspect I've yet to even mention is the level editor. Man, the level editor is easy to use and really awesome. And there are plenty of really cool levels that already exist available for download.All in all, you've got a jam-packed, easy-to-pickup, fun truckformer here. The music rocks, the gameplay is exciting, the level editor is amazing, and the game hasinsanelyhigh replay value. You'd be nuts to not pull the trigger on this game, even if you've never played anything like it. I hadn't, and Ilovedit."
76561198025156986,Recommended,397950,33678136,Posted: 20 July,all,solidcell,So intense and simple.  So so good.
76561198082377780,Recommended,397950,26176925,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,01011000,"Are you looking for something to speedrun?Are you the type of person who wants to fully complete a game?Are you looking for a challenge?Do you want to challenge others with your levels?If you answered yes to one or more of those questions, this might be the game you're looking for!Welcome to Clustertruck!Clustertruck is really addictive, fun, and challenging.Even though there was that one level that I  personally don't like because of the inconsistent/precise jumps you have to do. (8:9)The soundtrack is incredible, and fun to listen to over and over again! (I'm so glad that I bought it!)Buy this if you need a fun, but challenging game to play on your spare time."
76561198267651362,Recommended,397950,33704896,Posted: 21 July,all,The legend 27,This games pretty good.
76561198339050450,Recommended,397950,33763543,Posted: 24 July,all,lordcarnage13,"Fun, simple, addictive."
76561198166732943,Recommended,397950,33869743,Posted: 28 July,all,cy,pretty good game but i kinda regret buying it. it's a decent game but i dont think its worth $15.
,Recommended,397950,33854282,Posted: 28 July,all,Minecraft deserves a GOTY,"wtf is the truck driver man they're terrible even my grandpa can drive a truck better than these asshatstbh tho this game is really amazing, worth a grab"
,Recommended,397950,33704452,Posted: 21 July,all,Press J Productions,"A very interesting platformer.You jump on trucks and try to reach the goal however, the trucks are moving, there are enviromental obsticals that get in your way and you can make use of powerups and special abilities to help you progress.Plus, there is basically unlimited content since the community can make their own levels and share them with the world."
,Recommended,397950,33824087,Posted: 26 July,all,SnapThePigeon,Fun game. Could be hard as some points but thats the fun in it.
76561198191078731,Recommended,397950,33844079,Posted: 27 July,all,Waxaan iibiyaa askarta caruurta,Such a fun game. Definetly pick it up when it is on sale! :D
,Recommended,397950,33857959,Posted: 28 July,all,MisterUmPapa,"So thrilling and exciting, I love it"
,Recommended,397950,33783063,Posted: 25 July,all,Avacado Man,"I love this game, I really do. But holy ♥♥♥♥ is it frustrating. The way the trucks move is unpredictable and almost seems like their trying to kill you. The last few levels are infuriating (and caused me to break my mouse), and the camera and the fact that it can go 360 in any direction is just trippy.However the abillities are what make this game amazing.I am still stuck on the last level but Im sure ill get there one day :/"
76561198041636869,Recommended,397950,33807332,Posted: 26 July,all,Brother Alpha,"A puzzle platform game where you have to jump on trucks as they drive off cliffs while avoiding obstacles like lasers and UFOs. ... It’s a strange game. It is also a really well made game with tight controls. It’s a fun game to play, but you will scream at your computer when you swear a truck dodged out of the way causing you to lose a level you nearly beat."
76561198374240648,Recommended,397950,33806922,Posted: 26 July,all,Dogeawott,Game keeps me entertained when im bored of other games (never gets old)
76561198165353011,Recommended,397950,34364145,Posted: 19 August,all,KingFuzz,"ight so this is how this went downMe: yo man i got a new gameFriend: cool what did u getMe: Clustertruck!Friend: wtf sounds dumbMe: nah man its goodFriend: *looks up what the game is* Wow this looks too EZ man its prob not even fun lmaoMe: betFriend: *comes over to my house*Friend: *plays the game*Me: *starts making fun of him cause he cant beat the so called ""ez game""*Friend: ♥♥♥♥ this im getting this gameFriend: *goes home and gets game and spends the next 2 hours playing it*Over all id give this game a 9/10 cause it can be pretty hard at some times and takes some skill to beat the levels im up to 3 hours and still not done the game much more to go. plus you can make ur own maps :)"
76561198283223597,Recommended,397950,34493192,Posted: 25 August,all,Asian Degener8,This mothertrucking game is pretty trucking good if I do say so myself.Truck my life.
,Recommended,397950,33325414,Posted: 6 July,all,Bluper cs.money,"Adult version of ""the floor is lava""."
,Recommended,397950,34499421,Posted: 26 August,all,Latch,"One of my favorite game genres are the ""rage games."" I do love a good challenge, and this game is a challenge. It doesn't seem like much but as you get farther into the game the levels get harder. (Like rage games usually do. This is when you have to start thinking, planing, and observing to pass levels. Check it out if you want to scream at your cat."
,Recommended,397950,34476677,Posted: 25 August,all,Aesthetic Anchovy God 毘沙門天,"♥♥♥♥ THIS FRUSTRATING♥♥♥♥♥GAME IT MAKES ME WANNA KILL MYSELF WITH ALL THESE STUPID♥♥♥♥♥TRUCKS, FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF. but all in all its pretty fun and simple game that will push u to ur limits,  highly recommend"
,Recommended,397950,34493244,Posted: 25 August,all,AlphaRW,It's a decent game.  Wish there was a neutral option on steam reviews.
,Recommended,397950,34491605,Posted: 25 August,all,The Metal Jacket,"I love this game. But the framerate sucks for me, and my laptop was made for games. Any advice?"
,Recommended,397950,33990034,Posted: 3 August,all,CoolStoryBro,What a fun game it can be very hard sometimes but you will need to think before you jump or it's game over!!
76561198045556001,Recommended,397950,34009244,Posted: 3 August,all,SynTree,An awesome game with really satisfying and creative challenges.Also the music is pretty good too.
76561198342900014,Recommended,397950,33998346,Posted: 3 August,all,DrShrimpy,Awesome game with kaotic gameplay and fun physics topped with relaxing and minimalist graphics. I would wholly recommend this game!
76561198169919623,Recommended,397950,34045791,Posted: 5 August,all,BigSwig,"This is a good game, its fun to play and only fourteen dollars. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,397950,34044412,Posted: 5 August,all,TheLegend608,"honistly im surprised,i like it"
,Recommended,397950,34051647,Posted: 5 August,all,★StatTrak™ Flashbang | Fade,Fun game. Best mixed with classical and romantic era symhpnies.
76561198397143840,Recommended,397950,34049102,Posted: 5 August,all,SameerAsif095,What an awesome game! my fav game to play on steam strongly recommended to play this game not recommened if you rage easily.
,Recommended,397950,34050749,Posted: 5 August,all,Spy C,jump then die
,Recommended,397950,29648019,Posted: 2 February,all,L4ught3r,"This is kind of a parkour game were you jump on trucks.There are plenty of powerups.The game took about 5-7 hours for me, but the game doesn't end there because there is event maps, like halloween and christmas.So I definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,397950,34028051,Posted: 4 August,all,KILLERXIII,"ClusterTruck is a game which combines skill with chaos and TRUCKS, this is a game for mostly people who have free time and that are not easy to rage as this game is a rage sim"
,Recommended,397950,34029925,Posted: 4 August,all,AdoptedBitLum,I freaking loved this game. It's short but very good. The difficulty curve goes up a lot once you get to the 6th world. I don't want to spoil the ending and final world but holy cow the last world takes a really dark turn. Play this game in spurts because it's pretty short. This game is great but I'm not going to replay all the levels again without upgrades. It's way too hard without them!!
76561198002733141,Recommended,397950,33910204,Posted: 30 July,all,IDENWIHAM,Very funny and silly game.Occasionally get drunk and play it to see if I can beat my times.I give it 9/10 vodka shots.Maybe slap a few squats in the rating as well
,Recommended,397950,34025825,Posted: 4 August,all,Zamasu,one of my favorite games ever.
76561198369365270,Recommended,397950,34400956,Posted: 21 August,all,speedygpig,"Clustertruck is a mayhem filled, fastpaced, first person jumpy, parkoury game the levels all had something different about them and that is what made me keep coming back, if you have played games such as VALLEY, REFUNCT or SUPERHOT then this is definitly the game for you. A concept coded to perfection..."
,Recommended,397950,25975327,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,BurnoutGT45,"Clustertruck: Jump on top of box trucks and survive to the finish line while avoiding hazards. Get abilities to help in your journey (although I feel the game's better without them, but more on that below). Like Clustertruck itself, let's keep this part short and get to my pros and cons.+This game is FUN. So fun that you'll probably beat the whole thing in one sitting.+The levels that are challenging never feel unfair, they always feel achievable.+Unlockable abilities and leaderboards encourage retrying the 90 campaign levels and trying new strategies.+Steam Workshop support for custom levels, which is ESPECIALLY a positive with this game because...-...This game is WAY too short. After I beat the final level, I looked at my playtime and I was at 136 minutes. 90 levels in 136 minutes and that's without buying any of the abilities.The Halloween and Holiday event maps are fun additions, but not enough in my opinion. These two campaigns are over far too quick. Again, custom levels mitigates this a bit, but the official campaign is still too short if you're remotely decent at platformers.-Speaking of being remotely decent at platformers, even without abilities, most of the levels can be done in under 3 minutes, including deaths. This isn't a bad thing on its own, but with so few levels, this becomes more of an issue.-This last one's a personal complaint, but the game's just better without the abilities to me. As cool as some of them are (and one of them pretty much changes the game to SUPERHOT which is never a bad thing) it kinda changes the game from the original concept that pulled me in so quickly, like you're not just some random human but kind of a superhuman instead. This doesn't make the game worse but it's worth mentioning IMO.Recommendation:This one's a tough one. Overall, it's probably one of the better games to come out this year, but there's just not enough of it, like it's a couple slices of an amazing cake but you're left craving more afterwards. Definitely buy it, but just know going into it that if you want more than 3 hours of playtime out of this, that most of your playtime will be on custom levels. If that bothers you, wait for a sale / price drop."
,Recommended,397950,34227206,Posted: 13 August,all,Ivy,My thumb got sore after playing but it was worth it
,Recommended,397950,34248067,Posted: 14 August,all,Vorktis,the trucks are convised of shapes
,Recommended,397950,34249896,Posted: 14 August,all,A Spoopy Fish | SFM,"Very good game, If a bit frustrating and rage-inducing. You should buy it!"
,Recommended,397950,34259425,Posted: 15 August,all,TopHat Demon,"Clustertruck features lots and lots of insane map/levels that are challenging. Of course without the amazing power ups and items that you can buy with ""skill points"", the game will just destroy your sanity. Thanks to the workshop for making awesome and... kind of boring maps (no offense). The game taught me to not be so frustrated when something challenging comes down the road. The only problem is the fact I can't get past steampunk level 4... or 3. Love the game and I recommend this to anyone with a temper. Good day to all."
76561198206571095,Recommended,397950,34280763,Posted: 16 August,all,TooMuchDad,"Super fun, silly game! The last main level is a little ridiculous in a bad way, but aside from that 10/10"
76561198049321746,Recommended,397950,33690896,Posted: 21 July,all,Jeffs In The Trap Sing My Name,Hey! That's pretty good!
76561198091421679,Recommended,397950,34308593,Posted: 17 August,all,FruityPig,This game gave me PTSD
,Recommended,397950,34326228,Posted: 18 August,all,terrarialover121,Awesome! Is all I need to say.
76561198336772946,Recommended,397950,34335018,Posted: 18 August,all,maximum00gameplay,if only people did this in real life...
76561198202515830,Recommended,397950,34041244,Posted: 5 August,all,ThePurpleTruffle,If you want to be a pro genjithen buy this game!
,Recommended,397950,31656576,Posted: 9 May,all,sapcedug,"Is this game for you?Let me ask you a few questions.Do you like trucks?Get Euro Truck Simulator.Do you like fun, fast paced, first person platformers about trucks?If the answer is yes, this is the best game you can get. also, you probably have a problem finding video games"
76561198080384500,Recommended,397950,33281775,Posted: 5 July,all,ODawgster,this game makes no sense.and i dont care :)
,Recommended,397950,35048093,Posted: 18 September,all,PoopsMcG,"Man, this game is fun. Simple, dumb, hilarious, incredibly, hair-pullingly frustrating, but so much fun!"
,Recommended,397950,35026488,Posted: 17 September,all,Barjii,tgfdyyyyyty
,Recommended,397950,35033484,Posted: 17 September,all,GambiT,Fun little game to waste a little time on :D although it is a bit pricey compared to the amount of playtime you will actually put into it.
,Recommended,397950,35009556,Posted: 16 September,all,TheDerpyPenguin 2.0,Playing in traffic has never been this fun!
,Recommended,397950,35023096,Posted: 17 September,all,Soldiercube74,this game is the best truck jumping parkour game in the world why? its the only truck jumping parkour game in the world!!
,Recommended,397950,35008545,Posted: 16 September,all,ℭ𝔬𝔩𝔰𝔧𝔦𝔫,This game isB A D A S S
,Not Recommended,397950,32664159,Posted: 22 June,all,Vino Sadbino,"It is a really good game but missfortunately, I wouldn't play it more than an hour. this game is too repetitive. WAIT! Before you start to bash me, just understand that yes, it is a good concept but and i liked it but, in my opinion it is not the kind of game I would replay again. Maybe it should have a story to keep players from uninstalling it or something else.Sorry-Sulky"
,Recommended,397950,35112990,Posted: 21 September,all,[FNG] Deadspace22769,"OHHHHHHHHH boy dont even get me STARTED on this game, so much stress in such a small timeframe. I DO RECOMMEND this game, but beware if the mental cost that it may inflict on you. It is fun, with creative levels and design, it is fast paced and has NO microtransactions. it is worth about 3 dollars in my mind though but please... play away."
,Recommended,397950,35108690,Posted: 21 September,all,YT-GoldLock,This is a very good game well done call me anytime so i can get paid...
,Recommended,397950,35172122,Posted: 23 September,all,Kunga,"While it's a bit on the pricey side, this game is good for quite a few hours of challenging fun. However, it can get a bit fustrating trying to complete some of the later levels."
76561198082336034,Recommended,397950,31261975,Posted: 20 April,all,Pixy :3 <3,If you like trucks ... is goodIf you don't like trucks ... I dunno why are you still here ?
,Recommended,397950,35256526,Posted: 28 September,all,Spider3,"Extremely fun, addictive, responsive. Good soundtrack, level design and challange balance. Definitely suggested to play it casual as theraphy when you are nervous =D"
76561198079817231,Recommended,397950,35267919,Posted: 28 September,all,Amrell,"This Game is awesome, its a fun game for anytime. There are no overclomplicated achievements, and I had fun both playing threw it with and without Abilities, and the soundtrack after the last level, I would play it over and over again just for that sound track."
76561198130583682,Recommended,397950,35269354,Posted: 28 September,all,Sunlight Rider,"This is a game, where if you suck at it, you will hate it. I'm alright at it and I love it. Get it for some fun, stay for the custom levels!"
76561198152499166,Recommended,397950,33780635,Posted: 24 July,all,gingerboyz4,"this games awsomei keep seeing people saying ""its too random"" ""sometimes its impossible to make it""well do you really want the trucks doing the exact same thing every single time? i like that its different so its not boring.and i love it when, after finishing the game, you look in discussions and discover you can do flips"
,Recommended,397950,28400456,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Strike 4 Blubby,10/10 Would Play Again
,Recommended,397950,35409043,Posted: 2 October,all,Nickel5,"It's kind of hard to explain, just buy it."
76561198271194534,Recommended,397950,35329843,Posted: 30 September,all,Nemesis™,"I first bought this game when it was on sale and played 5-10 minutes then instantly shelved it. Until i actually played more and got engaged it's fun, rewarding and feels impossible at times. But that encourages you to keep playing until you've beaten that level or world or the game in general. I'm probably never gonna get the ""Pure"" achievement :'( 10/10 best buy on sale."
76561198071121371,Recommended,397950,35327852,Posted: 30 September,all,Baloq,Are these truck drivers alseep?
76561198158801717,Recommended,397950,26091583,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pom,I love this game. Its a really awesome game that makes you feel epic. I can't descibe how amazing this experience is. It's out of this world and I would definently recommend it to anyone who enjoys happiness. It's really got a nice geometry dash feel to it in the sense that you will have to keep replaying some of the levels over and over again but thats good because of how you can play it in many different ways.8/10 Awesome game!
