user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,398170,20613082,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,AlienPickle,"If you like Elite Dangerous but wish you could explore some true unmapped stuff, build your own starbase, or screw around with a dynamic economy that actually responds to your actions, this is a game you need.  Also, private coop with a buddy, run your own server for friends, this is your sandbox right here.It's a one man indie project that has been going on since the DOS days.  This latest version makes massive changes in how things work.You can put bookmarks on the star map, see prices in other regions, have player factions that control systems... A bunch of stuff you can't do in those AAA space games.  Plus the flight model with flight assist off is honest Newtonian.  Oh, and no maximum top speed either.  Are you onboard yet?"
,Recommended,398170,23428028,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SgtKindt,"I am 49 years old. I remember when WING COMMANDER pushed the technolog envelope. I built a 386 33mHZ computer so I could play the original DOOM. I am an old time gamer. Having said that, I play BATTLEFIELD 4 and other modern games, mostly on PS4. I am eagerly looking forward to NO MAN'S SKY, and I was looking for something to tide me over until it comes out.I say all that because it will explain why I love this game. I tried ELITE DANGEROUS first because I played the original ELITE...way back. I loved it. Very hard but very fun. I tried ED but could not get the sound to work on my Windows 10 computer. I got it to work on my MacBook Pro, but it's 4 years old, and my Windows 10 computer is not even a year old and much better for games. I did not want to be stuck playing on my Mac, but I had 90 minutes to see wha ED was like...and I am impressed with ED's graphics and the whole look of it. I was not impressed but how much grinding would have to be done or how much I would have to pay to keep getting updates for it.So then I tried EVOCHRON LEGACY. I have never tried an Evochron game before. I read that it had not as good graphics compared to almost everything else out there, and there was tons to read! Like 100+ pages of tutorial screens just to figure out how to do the basics. The menus are old school. Tons of texts and crazy detailed menus. Not as slick as ED, but  more my style. I like it. I did the training, started the first quest, and have fallen in love with EL. It is a true open sandbox in which you can do anything, and you can fly around a planet or land on a planet. You can even build a station on land or in space! Very cool. I returned ED and am keeping EL.UPDATE AFTER 10 HOURS OF PLAYI have a fuel converter. I've done several missions. This game is great if you want a very hard core simulation of flying a realistic space craft. This is not an easy game. I really have no interest in combat. I am playing as an explorer/scientist/spy/smuggler. In summary, this is a space craft simulator just like there are flight simulators. Inertial drive. Coordinate navigation. Limited fuel. Quick death if you jump into something. It's like you are Starlord or Han Solo, for real. I love it. The graphics are not as beautiful as ED, but they are good, and it's more realistic. And it's cheap...you only have to pay for it once, not $60 per year for the half-baked experience of ED.UPDATE AFTER 15 HOURS OF PLAYWell, I still recommend it, but it has gotten boring to me. I wanted to be an explorer (like I want to be in NO MAN'S SKY), and I can be, but it is hard and grueling. I keep seeing missions to be a fighter, an escort, to combat ships, but frankly the combat in this game is awful. It is one step up from the old WING COMMANDER. The screen shakes when you get it, and not just a little, but enough it makes the game unplayable. I unloaded all my weapons and just have cargo and items that help me explore, but there are not many missions for someone who does not want to fight. Also exploring is not very rewarding on its own merits. I still have to recommend this because it is worth the money, and I respect the developer for what he he has done. I just wish there were twice as many missions for exploring new worlds so I could ramp up my money and ship faster without fighting. At this point I am not sure I will play again, unless I get the itch so bad between now and August 9 (NO MAN'S SKY) that I cannot resist a little space flight."
76561198006577539,Recommended,398170,20642594,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Shrimpwall,"This will be a fairly long review.  I find a couple of line reviews to be of not much use for potential buyers.First off, lets get this out of the way.  If you like Elite Dangerous you are going to either love this game or hate it.  That is because the Elite Dangerous community is torn between the arcade crowd and the sim crowd.  There are the old guard who believe the ED devs can do no wrong and the other camp which will quite loudly point out the worts.  ED is trying to cater to too many gamer types in my opinion and in the end causing a huge divide amongst it's player base.  Also the peer to peer instancing, ability to move from single player to multiplayer at a whim.  Did I mention all the instancing?  Everything is instanced.If you love the ""Oohh and Aahh"" of flying into huge stations spinning in space, you will be disappointed in Evochron.  If you LIKE having things you explore for or targets to shoot magically appear in front of you, then this is not the game for you.  If you have to have cutting edge graphics in your game or total 1to1 universe, this is probably not the game for you.  If you like arcade flight models, magical space brakes and no realistic newtonian physics in outer space, this is probably not the game for you.  If you like having to leave the game to watch videos of how to play the game because the game doesn't give proper instructions (in-game) then this is probably not the game for you.  If you like to have a magical galaxy map with every star system in the galaxy shown to you and all you have to do is take the time to jump to them, this is probably not the game for you.  If exploration simply means jumping from system to system to see what variations of colored balls there are or where the next cool screen shot can be taken, this is probably not the game for you.  I think you get the point.If on the other hand, you love feeling like you are in a sim with complex mechanics while flying through space.  You will love this game.  If you  want a smaller  map of the galaxy mapped out for you and you have to find all the rest, this is the game for you.  If you like playing co-op or multiplayer with the ability to host a server, or solo offline with no downtime from server maintenance, this is the game for you.  If exploration means searching for system or items as opposed to having them magically be mapped or appear, you are in the right place.  I could go on and on but here is the simple breakdown:Cons:1.  No big spinning space stations to land in.2. Graphics are not as cutting edge as ED.  (Mods will fix this in the near future for high end systems)3. Galaxy is not billions of stars or true 1to1Pros:1. Flight model is incredible and takes time to learn.  You will not be blasting enemies out of the sky your first time out.  You will have to learn how to fight with flight assist off and you will have to learn how to manage thrusters and heat.  There is no arcade mode here.  There is MUCH more to keep tabs on in this game.  You have a proper ""Heads up Display"" with lots of info to track.2. You can fly through space until you die.  Hit the afterburners and turn off flight assist and you will continue at that speed forever.  No instances.  You will move from sector to sector without ever seeing a loading screen and you never have to jump if you don't want to.  You can land on both atmospheric planets and not atmospheric planets.  There are weather effects and wildlife.  The progression from space to planet is SEAMLESS with no jarring transitions from one flight mode to another or transition screens.  Don't expect to fly from space to the planet surface in a matter of seconds, and you better manage your speed or you will burn up!3.  Space is very atmospheric.  I will not spoil it for you but travelling from system to system or even within one system will change what is arround you.  All of the dangers out there are not just enemy pilots.  You can find things on planets, in space, in asteroid rings etc.  Space is there for you to discover!  You find it, it doesn't find you.4.  You can build space stations and planet stations.  You can build your own ship anyway you like.  You can customize everything on your ship.5.  The economy is dynamic.  You can trade at stations, with NPC ships and even between players.  You can even give other real players contracts to do for you.6.  NPC wing mates.  Yes, you can have wings of NPC's.  Yes I said wings.  Up to 8 I believe.  That is 8 sets of wings.7.  Planets are big, beautiful and nicely detailed.8. The game plays incredibly smooth.  No stutters or bad load in of graphics.9.  Missions are fun!  Have you ever shot meteors hurtling towards a planet in a mission to save a planetary base?10.  Space chatter.  It's nice to hear some voices out there.11.  Ability to scan asteroids for their materials before you mine them.12. Travel on the planet surface in a Mech.13. Fly through and explore ancient tunnels within huge asteroids.14.  Most importantly - an amazing Dev.  He will update his games for years and has a true moral compass. He is extremely active with the community and will help you personally if you run into an issue.  This guy deserves all the success that could possibly come to him.  His games sell themselves on word of mouth.  VERY loyal community and the official forums on the main site are free of negativity.  Helpful dev and helpful community.I could go on but truly, if you love this genre, you will love this game.  There will always be differences between space games and that's ok.  What appeals to some does not appeal to others.  If you are truly on the fence go to the main site and download the free demo with 90 minutes of play time.  I suggest using all of the demo time on the in-game tutorial.  Why?  It's the best way to find out just how deep this game is.  You can always remove the demo and re-download it and your 90 minutes will start again.  Now you can play around and test things out.  No need to worry about steam refunds.  Devs who are confident in their products have DEMOS.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,398170,20717398,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Deltau,It doesn't take a 2.5 million dollar Kickstarter campaign to make a decent space sim. What this lacks in AAA polish and graphics it more than makes up for with it's gameplay.And you don't even have to buy a $60 expansion to land on the planets!
,Recommended,398170,20612125,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Morally Bankrupt,"Amazing! Everything I love about Evochron Mercenary and more.  You'll feel right at home when you start playing.  By far the best space sim I've played and I've played many.  So much to explore and lots of hidden items.  Multiplayer is awesome and the universe feels alive and not dull.  Many improvements on EM, such as the map system and graphics.Also modding is REALLY simple in this game, as was the games before it.  Everything, including a demo is on the website, so check it out.  You can easily mod everything if you want.  Look for a lot of cool mods/additions and 3rd party tools to be released.  The community is great.Mechs, I forgot to mention the terrain walkers.Lots of information at the official site including a modding guide, don't like the tractor beam sound?  Simply create/download a new one and drop into the specified directory.  Want to remove mods? Just delete the directories.  Stay tuned, people will create amazing cockpits and hi-res textures for everything.The trade system is really viable now, and prices fluctuate based on actions from players.  There is fighting over territory, economy and technology levels.  Crafting in the engineering lab.  If you want a hardcore space-sim with a great community, strategic attacks and a single-player game that plays just like multiplayer then this is your game.  If you want a pretty grindfest with no substance then you know where to play.Don't like the graphics, add your own.  Add your own models, textures, cockpits, HUDS, anything you want, make a total conversion and release it to the community.There is a demo, you don't even need to worry about a refund.  Also, check outhttp://www.starwraith.com/evochronlegacy/development.htmif you have any doubts about what's changed."
76561198060586973,Recommended,398170,20615593,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,maciora,"I have been playing Evochron Mercenary and this, this is EM on steroids... Everything is better, planets have a weather, there is so much improvements in graphics, dynamic economy and territory changes due to the war, this is the true simulator. I own Elite Dangerous and comparing to this one, its just empty, boring shell - even with recent updates... Here you have everything, huge universe, planet landings (You can land everywhere - on every planet), base building - unlimited space ship design (many parts so the look will always be different)... Seriously if you are into space sims - buy it, You will not regret - This man deserves all the money :D.There will be some learning to do (space sim stuff - it has newtonian physics implemented), but after u will get it it will suck u into its world.Just to mention - previous game was around for few years and people were still discovering interesting things - new planets, systems etc - if this guy will keep adding stuff, improving the game more, maybe some dlc - this game will eat and spit ED and SC."
76561198166072168,Recommended,398170,20765742,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Funk Dracula,"I had never, ever, heard of any of the past Evorchron titles before.  This game just appeared on the Steam homepage one day in late January 2016, on it's launch day, seemingly out of nowhere, and boy am I grateful it did.It has since sort of disappeared from Steam's homepage, in one short week, and that is kind of tragic.  Not for me, no, but for the people who will love this game to bits and pieces, but never hear about it potentially.$25 get's me virtually everything I've ever wanted out of a sand-box space sim within Evochron Legacy's mere 350MB contents. This is a fully fleshed out and finished space sim. Fully....It kind of boggles my mind, how this game isn't WAY more popular than it currently is, and how the general public hasn't seen it coming.  I'm sort of dumbfounded.Forget about the shameful fleecing and unfinished game that Elite Dangerous is, or the Alpha tech demo arena that Star Citizen is.  At best, neither of those games will be realized as something resembling a finished game for years.  $25 bucks, right now, will grant you access to the fully fleshed out sandbox space sim that is Evochron Legacy.This is not a comprehensive list, just something off of the top of my head as a newbie, and in no particular order:- Mine, trade, explore, mercenary, straight up combat roles to tackle.- Seamless planetary decent, into an actual dynamic atmosphere, planetary landings, and planetary exploration.- Ship construction, space station construction, terrestrial city construction... It's a virtual mini ""city builder"" game mechanic just waiting for you in game.- Terrestrial life forms.- An on-going war, bringing hostile zones to avoid or engage in whilst you choose your adventure in this HUGE sandbox.- True single player and multi-player options, dynamic affected economy and prices to keep track of and master in either flavor.- Customize specialized ships for the tasks and/or missions you wish to tackle, store said ships in hangers.- Newtonian physics styled flight in a space vacuum, which is great fun to learn, that changes when entering different atmospheres and gravitational pull.-The ""simulation"" aspect of this game is incredibly deep, and if you just want to fly around ala ""EuroTruck Simulator in space,"" the price is worth that experience ALONE.  I've spent mad hours just getting a handle of navigation and flying, and I'm probably not even half way there in utilizing all the in flight data and options to the best degree put before me.- BOOKMARK the map, and jump to said bookmarks.  Use bookmarks to make notes. (whooooaaaaa) lol- Huge Universe!  Is it ""1:1 Milkey Way"" huge? Nope. But for a sandbox I reckon I'd be lucky to explore half of it in under 1,000 hours of game time just dedicated to exploring, let alone the hours and hours of activities and on going war to participate in whilst trying to explore.- The community is small, but seemingly everyone in it is there out of a real love for this game, and to help.- It's basically developed by ONE person, and he is full time is dedicated to listening and helping sort things out.- It's only $25 bucks, and it's an ACTUAL FINISHED GAME.  That's all you pay.  No surprises in the pipeline, just fixes and updates.  Buy it, and get ready to sink crazy hours into what the Evochron Universe has laid out for the nerd in you to do.Some minor cons to take into consideration:- It's not as pretty as the two ""AAA"" unfinished space sims out there graphically, BUT it is reported to be EXTREMELY mod friendly.  And mind you, it's ALL here right now to enjoy.- Xbox Controller support (Xbox controller, NOT ANY FLIGHT STICK), hasn't exactly been perfected, nor will it likely be.  There seems to be just too many controls needed to be mapped, making it rather pointless. Like I said, the ""flight simulation"" aspect of this game is really, really deep.  You can't ""drop and pickup"" your Xbox controller like GTA V or the like, there's just too much going on in the flight simulation.  That being said, mouse+keyboard works very, very well.- If you are looking for a dumbed down AAA title that you've learned all the mechanics within 30 minutes, and are rocking into the half-way point 8 hours into it, you're going to be disappointed.  This is a pretty hardcore sandbox simulation.  You're going to spend the first 8 hours grasping the mechanics of it all, even more so like myself as a newbie, before even really starting to engage in the Universe.I quite simply cannot recommend Evochron Legacy enough if you are looking for a straight up sandbox space sim, with tons and tons of things to do in it.  Even if you just want to try a space sim, this is the one to try due to it's incredibly fair price, history of support, and the fact that it is so mouse+keyboard friendly at it's core for gameplay.It's abundantly apparent that the person who developed this game has a clear and concise passion for it, and this game deserves to be enjoyed and discovered by many more than are currently playing it.  You simply cannot say that about many games, but I can confidently say this about Evochron Legacy.Cheers people, see ya in space."
,Recommended,398170,20716703,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The Rekt One,"Worst game ever- No overpriced DLC- No micropayments (like who can't have those?!)- Good Price- Tons of in-game things to do- No Day One game breaking bugs- Delivers on promises- Dedicated- Listens to community- Supports mods- Actually gives a ♥♥♥♥ about how fun the game is- Isn't a sell out*REAL GAME REVIEW BELOW*Wanna play ED, but you don't want to pay $100? Get this, you can do everything in ED and more for the low low price of 24.99. Well worth your time, this developer has never failed to let me down.The Dev has also restored my faith in indie devs, and has gotten me more interested in playing indie games. Look at it like this: Indie game developers make games to allow other to have fun. AAA game companies make games to make money. Notice the lack of micropayments? The lack of over priced DLC? That's the sign of game dev who cares."
76561198141429660,Recommended,398170,20619167,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Halfgeek,"I can't believe this game is created by one man... as a noob-dev, I feel incredibly humbled knowing one person is capable of putting together such a complex, deep, coherent and importantly, smooth performing and not buggy game!Despite an empty wallet and having almost no free time to enjoy games, I threw $$ at this title, because the developer deserves support and reward for his genius!We gamers of this genre know the names of Derek Smart, Chris Roberts, David Braben and Ian Bell...  it's time to add another name to that list: Shawn Bower.Much respect! o7ps. The UI is fine, very intuitive though slightly cluttered, understandably due to the amount of important info it has to convey to the Pilot."
,Not Recommended,398170,33735193,Posted: 22 July,all,Walendar,"So, where do I start...Speaking from a technical standpoint, this game is pretty impressive. Even though the graphics aren't the most impressive ones, the seamless transition between planets and space is wonderful. Flight controls are pretty deep and are pretty easy to learn, but very hard to master. Music and sound effects are pretty decent too, so that's something. Ship building is rather unusual I'd say, because it has many layers, from basic ""buy new modules"" to more advanced (and more interesting) ""calibrate your hull"", where you can get rid of some things in favor of the other (like sacrifice rocket slots for more cargo bay).Now, to the main problem I have with this game (which I wish I realized sooner and refunded the game, but even the 1.5 hour demo wasn't enough for me to understand it)...If you start as an independent pilot, you're basically cloaked for an eternity. Let me explain.Imagine living on near the border of a county that wages war with that bordered country. Bullets and bombs flying everywhere, soldiers running left and right, but you... You didn't side with either faction. So one day, you go all ""yeah, I'll probably go out, see what's up, maybe drop by a grocery shop to buy meself some milk"". And guess what? That's exactly what you do with no one batting an eye, asking what would a civilian do on a GOD DAMN BATTLEFIELD.If you start as an independent pilot, there's no danger. Pirates don't exist, and two major factions simply don't give a slightest damn about who you are and what you are doing. So here's your gameplay options:-Mine asteroids, which means: fly up to an asteroid, press a combination of keys, go make yourself tea or something, hang out with friends, get drunk and call your ex, the game won't care and you'll end up with a full cargobay of precious minerals, safe and sound-Trade, which means: buy a random ware (I mean it, there are no production chains or station types a-la X3/Unending Galaxy , which defeats the purpose of knowing where you can buy specific things), spend half an hour staring at your star chart looking for a place to sell it, finally realize this is all pointless and go back to mining-Combat (read: piracy). I don't know why you would ever do that because you can't capture ships that you could sell for a good price, and the resources NPC ships drop can be acquired by mining which is far saferThere is one thing that makes all of those irrelevant, however, which is-Doing contracts. Those are HILLARIOUSLY overpriced in your favor, and something like ""refuel a spaceship"" mission, which is a ""jump to location, wait until you're in range, press one button"" type of mission pays you 50k on average. This takes you a little more that two minutes. For comparison, you'd have to spend about ten minutes to mine three cargobays of ore from asteroids (those would sell for about 60k). There are some pretty interesting missions, or you'd think so, until you start breaking them down and they all happen to be on a ""kill X mobs missions"" level of bad MMORPGs.You can also contact other ""pilots"" and sell them stuff/ask them for information. They will either rip you off completely or give you coordinates for a box of resources that you could mine anyway. Oh, and did I mention that you can't recover cargo without a mining beam (which can be installed, but it's installed into an equipment slot, and in the beginning, you could install much better things in there as a combat pilot)? Yeah, I didn't. Live with that, my dear rookie pirates, just another reason to not go full combat in this game.Oh, and I forgot about the story. Probably because it's completely irrelevant and the game doesn't make you care and it doesn't affect you anyway.So here I am, sitting in front of my screen 7 (read: about 10, because they allow you to carry save files over from the demo) hours later with a fully equipped mining ship asking myself ""what's next?"".The answer is pretty simple: nothing. Grind for the next hull/engine/wings/battery/modules/whatever. This game had the potential to be an ultimate space game, but gameplay-wise, it's empty and unfortunately, there's no incentive to play it."
76561198032767908,Not Recommended,398170,20635038,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Lil Windex,"EDIT #1000:I feel like I have to put this here at the start, because this is the ultimate reason I stopped playing.  The community surrounding this game is honestly impossible to describe.  The fanboy obsession with this game and the religious cult-like fervor surroung the one-man-dev-god-SpaceJesus is just... WOW.  It sounds funny, maybe even a little cool, until you jump on a player server and get completely♥♥♥♥♥♥on by 5-6 year players for asking a question like ""is there a bounty system or kill rewards"" or something as simple as ""can someone give me some pointers on a good trade route?""I was told vehemently that if I asked any more questions I would be banned for ""spamming"" and ""being annoying / a dumbass"".  These topics are barely if at all covered in the tutorial, which I was told to play (I went through some parts twice).  I asked each question individual, receiving a simple ""no"" for the first question and a ""are you really just going to spam chat all day"" for the second.  Not to mention (look at the comments here, pretty much explains it all.  The community is either incredibly awesome and chill, or the fedora of all fedora's.  Just some food for thought, I had a bad experience trying multiplayer.Actual game review:This game is not for everyone.  If you like hardcore space-sims with realistic and frustrating flight controls, this is probably for you.  If you enjoy the simulation aspect of Elite Dangerous...  Well, this is a poor mans elite dangerous.  I know I will get flamed for this because the community love for this game is so powerful, but I feel obligated anyways, since the tutorial itself takes long enough to get you past refund territory.Pretty much all of my questions about the game to other people have resulted in ""dude, you must be bad"" responses.  I have over 100 hours in ED and feel comfortable with space sim flight.  The main TL;DR point being:  This is not worth $25I understand this was made and developed by a single guy.  That's impressive and a fact to be celebrated.I'll keep it down to concise-ish points:If you're looking for a game like X3, that allows building and empire management, this is not the game for you.  You can build stations but the function is essentially worthless as far as I've been able to deduce, it just gives you another place to stock up / refuel.  The fleet system doesn't fix this either.Planets and being able to fly around them seemed to be one of the strongest features advertised in the game material.  But there is literally zero point in visiting a planet.  They offer nothing and are relatively difficult to access especially in relation to just docking at a normal space station.The game seems to pride itself on a lack of story or overarching theme.  In my opinion this is not a feature, and leaves a massive hole in my gameplay experience / makes most things pointless.  The game consists of flying around (very slowly), dealing with realistic physics, etc.  By comparison, Elite Dangerous' flight performance is much more fun, and I'm not even a huge fan of Elite Dangerous to begin with.You cannot ascend past a ""fighter"" class of ships, everything is built modularly on a fighter chassis and you can't progress past that.  There are no larger ships that you yourself can fly, or own.  Which kind of renders the ""trading"" feature moot because cargo ships aren't even really cargo ships.  To top it all off, fighters feel extremely sluggish and clunky, I understand it's a space simulation but effective dogfighting really just boils down to ""strafing"" in circles around and enemy.  This results in shallow progression at best.You will die in seconds to just about any enemy.  I have 2mil credits and the best ship that my amount of money could buy, a decent mid-range ship following common-sense as well as old Mercenary ship guides.  I get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by the first enemy that targets me.  This has pretty much pinholed my gameplay into hours of hiding behind allied AI ships and hoping I don't get targetted by the enemy AI.  So I'm essentially driving a Ferrari and getting outpaced by 1987 Honda Civic's in a race that pays me $40,000.  Half of that will go to refueling and repairing.The Shipyard system is unique, but I find it unintuitive.  It's very confusing, but even after understanding it I still don't like it.Equipment modules lack diversity.  You can use lasers and missile, that's it.  After a few hours you've officially seen the full range of diversity offered by Evochron Legacy.  Missiles sounds like fun?  Too bad, you have to reload and rearm your missiles after every mission, they are a one shot deal.  Which sure, it's realistic, but is it fun?  Not really.  I'd at least prefer a number of charges per missile rack installed.  Even 5 would be cool, because currently I shoot 4 missiles and that's that, no more for the entire fight.Last but not least, this game suffers from a very empty universe.  This is a common theme in a lot of Space Sims, but this seems to be one of the worst.  I brought this up on the Evochron forums, and was essentially called an idiot, because ""there's plenty of stuff out there"".  Except you get nothing for discovering it.  I'm sure at very special coordinates XXXX YYYYY ZZZZZ you'll find a anatomically correct floating rock chiseled into the shape of Gabe Newell's nut-sack, that's awesome man.  Enjoy flying for hours and not getting anything out of it.That's really it, unfortunately I cannot refund the game.  I feel like, point blank, the advertisement and text about the game is misleading.  Take that how you want."
,Recommended,398170,31398300,Posted: 27 April,all,ozzsabat67,Ok finally the Space Flight SIm I have been looking for. Decent graphics. Great Mechanics. Great action and enough other stuff to make you happy including planetarty flight. I think I can finally uninstall Elite. I found the game that fills my Space Sim needs without all the extra game additions that don't even really work or just slow game mechanics down. This one feels real enough....
76561198056055446,Recommended,398170,20612140,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,WarDog_QC,it's a better version of Mercenary with alot of improvements and achievements for the trophy ho's :)  Plus the game is around 350mb download size because the dev is a programming genius motherfu***r!
76561198048035887,Recommended,398170,20685947,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,MezzerliptikJay,"Great Space Sim and as someone who has been hurt by Elite (not just in the wallet but in the heart) its good to see someone make something very special and a sim ive been wishing for my whole PC gaming life!Pros:-Offline Mode with A.I and the universe sandbox- newtonian physics- planets (with gravitational pull effected by size etc) and atmospheres- city docking and small wildlife and water- new ship designs which look gorgous- customizable ships (you can move parts resize parts upgrade parts and change the colours)- mining trading combat missions (and much more to discover)- optimization is good overal- beautiful music- Great indepth voiced tutorialCons:- No Direct X 11 or 12 just Direct X 9- Only a 32bit application- a steep learning curve if like me your new to the series, so lots of reading 1st then playAll in all this is the best Space sim out there for the price and content imho"
76561197973221458,Recommended,398170,21505219,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Running Scared,"I highly recommend this game, with a few caveats.If you:- have ever learned, played, and enjoyed a flight simulator.- like sandbox and space games in general.- have ever a played a game like SWG:JTL, where you liked it so much that you mastered all three pilot trees several times over, became a master shipwright, didn't too much mind mining in space for resources, and was proud of having squeezed 64.78 units of mass into a 65 mass ship frame.- have ever played a game like Elite Dangerous and found yourself absolutely detesting sitting around waiting, or other arbitrary time sinks that have little to no gameplay value whatsoever.- would prioritize depth of gameplay over graphical appearance if forced to make a choice between the two.Then, Evochron Legacy is for you.Unfortunately I find it nearly impossible to review this game without comparing it to Elite Dangerous, so by way of comparison to E:DPros:- More advanced avionics , flight model, and better cockpit controls.- True singleplayer game. No internet connection required.  Multiplayer? Theres small servers you can join, or run your own server.-  Persistant world, even in singleplayer.  Your actions directly effect territory control or local market conditions.- You can mod Evocrhon Legacy. I'm currenly running MasterEffect Reborn to spruce up the graphics,  and some texture and  HUD mods.- No innane and arbitrary timesinks.  In otherwords, you don't have to spend 15 minutes traveling to a space station after entering a system.  Hyperspace will bring you right to it.- More freedom.  Example, your top speed is not limited.  You can for instance, keep boosting yourself to ludicrus speeds, turn off flight assist, and just coast doing 5 digits in speed, and you'll keep that way until you decide to slow down (which will cost you fuel), or you collide into something.- You can construct items, and buildings.  Want to build a base on a planet or a space station? You can do that.- You can travel to and fly around in every planets atmosphere  in the game.  No extra DLC fee required.Cons:- Graphics look dated. I wouldn't say they are absolutely terrible, but if your wanting bleeding cutting edge graphics with all the bells and whistles, your in for a mild amount of disappointment.- Game has a steep learning curve.  But then so does Elite Dangerous.  It's this learning curve that will be your biggest hurdle to overcome to get the most out of this game."
76561198241515448,Recommended,398170,20639805,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,macmanos2002,"I'm simply amazed of that hidden diamond.As an old Veteran in Battlecruiser 3000AD, and several more simulations, i;m extremelly pleased with my purchase:1) Unbelievable realism space physics and navigation. Fore and aft , port and starboard, top and bottom boosters. Speed, fuels, warp speed. Like i'm playing in the movie Interstellar.2) Many many things to do, contracts, money, trading, travelling , racing , exploring3) Well designed space, and it is just my first star system.4) Spacedocks with extreme customization to your ship!!!! buildings, adjustments, labs!!!5) great music6) let your imagination and free roam play of yours to take life!!!Congratulations!Just learn this:1) the great level of realism makes the game somehow difficult for newbies BUT space addicts, freeroamers, simulator guys, will not have a problem at all!!!2) the universe feels somehow abandoned, and the ships do not interact with you many times. This is maybe just me, i already stated that i'm just playing and mining in the starting system. I have not killed a single enemy!3) many things that are nice and beautiful, require a lot of money and assets. That means a lot of dedication and hours of play, but they are rewarding after all!Keep it up!! The journey begins!One of the best, cheap, and not power hungry simulators out there!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,398170,20620119,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TheArcaneMirror | Winter,"Very technical freeform sandbox space sim. It's a nerd's wet dream!Super tiny download, slightly retro graphics, but runs perfect on any machine these days.Amazing amount of detail and things to discover.Warning: this is a full simulation, there is tons to learn before you can really enjoy it. But there is a sophisticated tutorial built into the game.This one-man project does many things better than Elite Dangerous and the X series. If you play any of those, you'll want to get Evochron Legacy, too. Descend to planets, have a simulated economy, build stations and even cities. Fight, explore, do contract work, mine fuel and materials. Do quests. So much to do, this will entertain space sim fans for years."
76561197961406021,Recommended,398170,23412817,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ulukinatme,"Before I start on reviewing Evochron Legacy, I should say that I bought Elite: Dangerous earlier in the year.  It looked and sounded like something I would very much enjoy coming from some old space sims like TIE Fighter back in the day, Rogue Squadron, Rebel Alliance, Star Citizen, and Star Wars Galaxies.  Elite was pretty, but that's about all I could say about it.  It's quests were incredibly buggy, which was disappointing given the fact it's been out awhile.  You may wait forever for an NPC to show up for your quest, maybe they never do, and maybe they warp out soon after you find them with no chance for Interdiction.  Honestly, you do a lot of waiting in Elite.  To make matters worse, the game did not balance well.  Elite would give you quests as a Novice that forced you to face sometimes several NPCs solo, all of which were in better geared ships than you.  I may have been new to the game, but I'm no stranger to space sims, and some of those starter combat quests were impossible.  To sum up my Elite Dangerous experience:  I became incredibly frustrated with the numerous bugged quests that plauged the game and wasted my time, and the combat quests were at times horribly unbalanced.  When the quests DID work, I found myself spending way too much time either waiting on an NPC or searching the far ends of a sector for my NPC to actually appear.Fast forward several months and I start hearing about Evochron Legacy from some friends who were also disappointed with Elite Dangerous.  I didn't understand why the two games are compared so often, but having played Evochron I now see why.  They have a lot of the same functions:  space combat, ship customization and upgrading, economy, quests/contracts, planetary landing and vehicles (Free in Evo), and faction control among other similarities.  With Evo I'm not getting the bugs though, everything just seems to work!  The combat is fairly balanced based on my combat level, and if I'm outnumbered I can actually recruit NPC ships into my own Fleet to assist in a contract.  You can destroy hostile space stations and build your own.  The combat is very good and realistically what you would expect with Neutonian style space phsyics.  Best of all, there's not a lot of waiting around!  I never find myself sitting at a POI just waiting for an NPC, when I start a contract I make a jump right to the quest waypoint and begin!  This game is very refreshing.  I'm constantly finding different things to do, whether it's completing contracts, or exploring uncharted space, or setting up a new space station in said uncharted space, or attempting to wrestle control of a region from the enemy faction by destroying their stations and ships, there's plenty to do.If I had one negative thing to say about the game it's that the graphics do look dated, but their are mods you can download to improve the textures and shading, so that point is rather moot.  I've also bought into Star Citizen, and I would much rather have a lightweight game like Evochron Legacy that I can mod up, rather than turn my settings down in the hopes of making a heavy resource game work.  I have a decent system, not something I can run Star Citizen on at max settings, but it runs Evochron just fine.Major Positive Points:+ Diverse contracts/quests without bugs, they just work!+ Great ship and weapon customization, lots of variety+  Not a lot of wasted time.  Unless you're exploring the far reaches of uncharted space, you can make jumps quickly to just about anywhere.+  Good space combat, sound phsyics with the flight model+  Space station/planetary city building, with seamless transitions from space to planets (No loading screens)+  Your actions can positively and negatively affect your faction's control of a sector/quadrant.+  Extremely lightweight install and not a drain on system resources.+  Developer actively reads the forum on the game's website.  He's helpful and actually listens to the player base, something Frontier has not done with Elite.Negatives Points:- Dated graphics, but these can be modded to improve your experience.- May be difficult to get into for someone that hasn't done space sims before.  There's a fair number of buttons/controls required, but not more so than other space sims.  There are plenty of tutorials to help explain everything.That said, I strongly recommend this game if you enjoy space sims, this is a good purchase.  If you're new to space sims make sure you prepare to go through some growing pains while you learn the ropes, but once you learn the controls and how to navigate (Upgrade your Fulcrum jump drive as soon as you can!) this is a very enjoyable game."
76561198028170373,Recommended,398170,24983800,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Benzin,"Outstanding game!Far better than other hyped up space sims imo.Yes, eyecandy is not its strong point (tho it doesnt look bad at all), but gameplay wise, its deep, technical and full of stuff to do.Build bases in space, land on planets (sorry tho, no ""diverse lifeforms"" with their eyes coming out of their armpits xD), build bases on planets, dog fight, escort capital ships (or destroy them), race other pilots, explore, trade... i could go on.Combat is specially good on this game, as all aspects of flight like physics, inertia, power management, etc. are considered.Be advised tho, this is a space --> simulation <-- so there is a learning curve to know how to fly your ship in space an on planets atmosphere, how to navigate space, etc. But it has great in game tutorials.If youre into multiplayer, it has it. You can even start your own server if you wish!All that said, you know what the best part is?You dont have to take my word for it!Go to the developers site, and download the FREE demo. It lets you spend all the time you need on the tutorials, and then gives you 90 minutes of ""real"" (non tutorial) play."
76561198065885719,Recommended,398170,20975177,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Valo,"I was surprised to hear about this game, it came completely out of nowhere. I didn't even see it on Steam first, someone posted about it on a Star Citizen facebook group. Apparently Steam thinks I'm more interested in seeing 10,000 X Rebirth advertisements. It's sad because this game could really use more exposure.In terms of gameplay, it's everything Elite aspired to be yet failed to become. But if you value a massive galaxy, play Elite. If you value the most beautiful graphics ever, play Star Citizen. Where this game shines isn't in graphics, or the size of its universe (though its universe is in some ways, ways that I think matter, bigger than Elite), but in its content, in its gameplay, which is simply some of the best I've seen in... ever. It's literally the best I've seen and that's why I'm amazed I haven't heard about this until now.So let's go over the pros:+Open to modding. Private servers. Make your own server, your own world, customize it the way you want. I haven't explored this nor seen many examples of it so far, but that's to be expected so soon after release. In the coming months there will hopefully be some good mods available. So far it seems only that graphical changes are possible, perhaps some remodelling and some new missions. Time will tell how much modders can do to this game.+A truly open world. Go anywhere. Do anything. Land on any planet, attack any vessel, attack any space station or city. It looks like you can even devote resources to researching new weapons and components not normally available.+A real sandbox. You can build your own space stations and sprawling cities on the surface, and attack them as well.+Ship customizability. It's simplistic yet refreshingly open. I put it at a step above Elite's ship customization. You can change out weapons, engines, shields, plating, etc., but also change the fundamental capabilities of your frame by changing crew capacity, energy levels, fuel tanks, how many hardpoints you have, etc. You can also customize the appearance of it by moving wings, engines, etc., and choosing between a few (sadly only a few) colors.+You can form a fleet. It can be NPC's or players. I'm fairly sure it can only be NPC's in single player, and only players in multiplayer, not sure... hopefully a mod changes that eventually, or the dev does.+Very stable. Haven't crashed once, nor encountered any bugs of any kind. In the days of EARLY ACCESS (even when they don't say early access anymore) a game that legitimately feels like a finished product is a rare thing.Cons:-Graphics are pretty poor for this day and age.-Combat for a newbie, especially during the combat tutorial, is likely to be frustrating. Your ship shakes violently when you take hull damage and it's quite annoying.-Few people play it, with about 75 average right now according to steamcharts. There are probably a few more who bought it from the developer's website rather than through Steam, but I doubt it's more than 100-125 average. For such a large world spread across many systems and sectors, space might be lonely. For this reason, I highly recommend you play this with a friend if you're the sort who needs the online component.Update:-Mission system seems threadbare, and it's often hard finding a mission you want to do.-Lack of interaction with capital ships. They're shiny juggernauts in space that seemingly hold no purpose.Both of these things are, from what I've heard, being worked on by modders. They remain cons for the game as it shouldn't be the community's job to flesh a game out.-Another negative: While you get more ""to work with,"" so to speak, at higher tiers of ship, it does not seem possible to truly expand beyond what the initial ships are capable of. If you are a miner in your beginning ship, you can customize your ship to have the maximum number of cargo holds, giving you room for 250 items. However, even with the largest of ships, it does not seem possible to exceed this limit of 250 items.Update 2:-When I got the game, I did so after having asked questions on its forums. Among them was whether or not capital ships were available for player use. The answer was ""no, but someone's working on a mod to make them available."" It seems I was misled and this is not even possible. The game is open to mods but not as much as I initially thought, and for the most part mod support includes changes to the HUD and graphics, rather than any changes to gameplay (though addition of new missions is possible, it seems)."
,Recommended,398170,31028238,Posted: 8 April,all,jamzsabb,"It took me a few tries to get into this game, but something about it told me it was what I was looking for.I've been on the hunt for a good exploration space sim for a long time.  Evochron nails it.  The 2D map took some getting used to, and I still don't really like it but I was finally able to get past it, and it's very logical once you become familiar with it.This game is what Elite Dangerous is going to be in a few years, and it's pretty amazing that it's basically made by one guy."
,Recommended,398170,28502445,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jendar,"IF YOU'RE NEWI'm calling Evochron the best singleplayer space simulator currently on the market. If you're looking for:- some quality sandbox experience,- realistic approach to movement in space (inertial movement, my love),- ability to land on any spot on any planet (and take a walk on the surface as soon as you buy your terrain walker),- ability to do a hyperspace jump into the core of a star and burn there,- dedicated and complicated control layout that allows you to manage almost every aspect of your spacecraft (3 pages of keybinds that will make use of a half of your keyboard),- free choice of what to do and where to go (mining / racing / fighting / manipulating economies / building cities / etc),- something like two dozens of star systems with many planets worth looking at and saving a screenshot,- destroying enemy ships with your mighty PEWPEWPEW,- and many other involving and interesting things,then you're right where you should be.Considering its scale and complexity, onlyNo Man's Skycould dethrone it, but it failed. Let's see what happens toStar Citizen.Things you should probably know:1) It's hardcore. I mean it. By the end of your training routine your head will be two times bigger with all of the controls you'll have to remember, and you still won't remember many of them.2) It might be obscure at the beginning. There could be things you won't understand. The interface is not going to win the ""FRIENDLIEST UI OF THE YEAR"" award as well. Don't worry, you'll find your way around soon.3) It's not your usual RPG in the meaning that you will not find any people in the game. You interact with stations and cities instead, while people are just atmospheric voices.4) No, you are not getting out of your ship. This is not Mass Effect. One day you'll be able to afford the terrain walker mentioned above, though.5) This is not an MMO. You can play together with some friends in multiplayer mode, but that's pretty much it.IF YOU PLAYED EVOCHRON MERCENARYThis is a big question whether you should upgrade or not. Probably should. I'll list briefly what I liked and disliked.Things I liked- Improved visuals. Fonts and stuff are still clumsy but they look more refined.- Better navigation. More important data is fed into the HUD (horizontal and vertical velocity for example), you can jump right into a gate or a station if you align properly, map is easier to use and handier now.- Remade distress calls. No more random distresses you can't respond to anyway; now they are designed as special contracts available for a short period of time.- Some things became more atmospheric. For example, stations are now like big cities in space, and they can fire missiles and particles onto hostile ships. Stations that belong to enemy faction will not let you dock. Ah, almost forgot, game's startup is now disguised as preparation of the ship to launch from hangar.- No more tech stations (at least I haven't found any yet), meaning - no more easy money. I always felt as if I was cheating when using them.- Certain habitable planets now have animal wildlife.Things I disliked- Cockpit. There's just one cockpit available, and it offers quite a narrow field of view compared toMercenarycockpits.- Music.Mercenarymusic was better to my liking, and I had to import it toLegacymanually.- Certain shortcuts for experienced Evochron players are still there. I mean, it's awesome to know how to get rich real fast and how to get best weapons from the start, but it kills the feeling of progression. Evochron has never been good about progression anyway, but still.- Distances. All contract objectives are much farther (like 500k instead of 50k). InMercenaryI could just travel there; inLegacyI have to jump, because usual travelling at top speed will take circa 10 minutes.- Gravity fields. Next to large planets, inMercenarygravity fields reached the height of 500k above surface; inLegacyyou are completely free from gravity until you reach the altitude of 20k. Planet atmospheres have also become considerably thinner, which is not fun at all.- No more reputation. If you are with the Independent faction, nobody attacks you (well, except for Vonari, of course). If you are with Federation or Alliance, the other faction will always be attacking you.Basically, it's the same game, but some things are improved for better usability."
,Recommended,398170,25771928,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,IronTomato,"Hey guys, remember No Man's Sky?It was a game where you could not do any of the following things, despite the devs saying you could:Find other people or play with friendsEngage in faction wars / battlesFight large-scale battles in generalDestroy freighters and stationsFly between solar systems which are all directly connected (also visit suns)Either gather your own materials or buy whatever you neededPlay with a complex and realistic economyCustomize ship to fit different rolesEvochron Legacy, on the other hand, does all of these things as well as many, many more. It's also cheaper, has much more realistic and fun flight and combat mechanics and is much more fun to play in general even though it was developed by one guy. It's a shame that it for some reason gets barely any attention despite being way cooler and having been around since January. Sure, it doesn't have first-person-shooting or randomly generated wildlife like NMS did, but both of those things were useless in NMS anyway so it doesn't really matter.Basically, what I'm saying is that if you love space games, you should definitely get it."
76561198012581473,Recommended,398170,20617958,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Chrisman01,"Freaking love it!  Everything most people wanted from Elite, made by a handful of people.Customizable ships, able to land on any planet (as long as you have a Walker), you can found and build space stations and cities online and offline, OFFLINE SINGLEPLAYER, this game does everything Elite does but better.  Aside, of course, from graphics and scale.  However there are still many cases where the game looks beautiful, especially when you enter the orbit of a planet you've never seen before.My favorite thing has to be the newtonian physics.  Your space ship feels like a space ship.  Your accelleration depends on your mass and there's really no speed limit you can hit.  You have to think about how your thrusters affect your craft.  Unlike Elite, where you have a speed limit and your shipslows downif you go too fast.  That doesn't happen in the Evochron series, you need to learn how physics work and learn fast, else you pancake into a station.To top it all off, the game feels alive.  You can hear radio chatter, controllers talk to you, the economy works, it all fits together.The fact Frontier is rolling in money and has the empty space engine that is Elite, yet StarWraith is just one guy and a few of his friends and made the Evochron series blows my mind.10/10 space sim.Source:  Played the Evochron series for years, and probably have 400 hours in Elite Dangerous.  Frontier, take notes, this is how you bring a universe to life."
76561198011398065,Recommended,398170,33017654,Posted: 29 June,all,x60mmx,"If you like technical games, flight games and have patience you will likely enjoy this game.  If you want to be able to jump into action or are not patient, steer clear.+ Great space flight physics+ Lots of ship customization+ Lots of space to explore+ I find the dated graphics a plus as it lets moderate computers run it at high resolutions.  Being able to run it at 4k with my laptop is fantastic, I would not at all trade that in for more modern graphics.+ Ability to build stations and whatnot is really neat.+ Space to planet, and everything in between without transitions!  Neat!I will go over the cons far more as many that I notice seem to go unmentioned.  Do not take this to mean the game has more cons than pros, I am mostly aiming to draw attention to these issues in hopes some can be resolved.- Planet flight simulation does not feel right at all for a number of reasons.  The sense of scale is just bad, everything feels tiny.  Mountains are meager hills, oceans are lakes, etc.  Your flight feels ponderously slow, which is not helped by the little trees here and there that you slowly drift past even at max speed, feels like you are cruising at 30mph.  I am sure this is due to having to scale the planets down in order to make the seamless space-to-planet environment possible without requiring an inordinate amount of memory.  I feel this could have been better dealt with by having an elevation limit for space craft so that a more proper sense of scale and speed could be maintained.  Flying anywhere near the surface really reveals the poor scale.The other issue here is the flight physics on planets feel like an afterthought.  In a nutshell, it is space flight without the inertia and a min and max speed cap added.  I feel absolutely no interest in flying around on planets except what is necessary to complete contracts/objectives.  The sluggish speed is a real killer.- Contracts have a lot of issues.- Far too few.  Though some are quite creative, there are simply far too few and become rehash nearly instantly.- The pay for contracts is just bizarre.  Flying fuel to a stranded pilot, which is extremely simple and quick to accomplish,often pays the same as a contract to attack a capital ship defended by fighters.  Many contracts pay so little that theonly reason to do them is out of interest for the contract itself and not the payment.  Others are the opposite.- The emergency supply missions are a great idea but very flawed in their implementation.  First, the places putting outthe call for emergency needs make no sense.  You'd think the emergency calls for oxygen would be space stations, butthey never are.  They are always cities, where you can collect the needed oxygen *while* docked at the city.  I've mademillions delivering ""emergency"" oxygen to cities . . . without leaving the cities.  They should learn to open theirwindows.  Water is the same, you think you would be gathering it planet side and delivering it to far-flung spacestations, but no.  You will be collecting it from an ocean/lake that is a bike ride from a city, for said city.  Thesecontracts are extremely lucrative, but their completely non-sensical implementation is a huge immersion breaker thatwould be extremely easy to fix.  Space stations in the boonies should be putting these contracts out.- Weapon creation system is largely pointless.  With the way it works there is very little variation in fire rate so there is noreason to create any variations besides maxed out.  Really defeats the point of weapon crafting in the first place.  You shouldreally be able to craft weapons with fire rates down to 120rps, at least, and up to 1Krps, at least.  As it stands, the range ofpossible rps is something like 350-415.  Pretty abysmal.  The way damage is equated should make any range of these viable options as well.  The practical differences in the weapon types are pretty meaningless as well.  They should be given their own niches they excel at.- The Excalibur missile system should really fire all the missiles simultaneously in some kind of ring/swarm pattern.  The sequential firing is the most boring implementation possible.  Minor quibble, but I was really let down by it when I finally purchased it.- Multiplayer implementation is poor, as evidenced by players on the forum trying to come up with ways to encourage people people to actually populate a server to any significant degree.  In my opinion there should be an official server(s) that are totally void of any pre-placed stations/structures to encourage players to build and populate it themselves.  Along side that, there should be a simple system in place to allow players to align into player-created factions and structures they build should also be aligned so.  I think this is all they would be needed.  Players would rapidly flesh empty sectors out and engage in faction warfare.  This would be simple to implement and would provide a lot of lift for this game.TLDR.  Great space flight sim with a moderate level of technicality that could seriously use some polish and a revised multiplayer."
76561198026017280,Recommended,398170,20616718,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Adger,"Got it at 40%off having owned EM,even at 10% off you can buy 2 copies give one a friend...and its still cheaper than ED Horizons :) all made by one man,it deserves to sell in the millions..cheers ViceEdit:A few hrs in.. 3 updates in a matter of days,Thanks Vice its got that ""one"" more go factor,hours will fly-byI get bored easily (i rarely finish any games ) :) but this game...Awesome"
,Recommended,398170,21260330,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Apsalar,"*This review focuses on lyrical consideration rather than literal assessment. For detailed game information and analysis I recommendStarWraith's Evochron Forum.*A Precious Indie Jewel...found in a pile of chipped glass.Space, the vast tapestry of the night sky, became a personal symbol for me at a young age.  I remember lying in the meadow over the hill behind our house, far enough away from any human activity that I was able to feel truly unanchored, adrift.  It was just me, the stars, and the soft rustle of the wind through the goldenrods.  I soon discovered science fiction novels and video games, through which I experienced clandestine trysts with the stars.  I still see space in this way- a symbol of my desire for true freedom and self-determination, a concept that is both idealized and impossible.At its best, space simming gives me a chance to immerse myself in a dream, intoxicated by the delirious mixture of total freedom, relentless peril, and unflinching solitude.  I've never been able to get into the more linear, mission-based style of space sims (Wing Commander, Freespace). And frankly, as a youngster, I saw the commercial success of these games as a mark against their integrity and worth.  I played them once and never played them again, resenting the obscurity of the gameplay experience I so loved.  Take as counterpoints Space Rangers or Star Control, games I continue to play every few months, many years after I first encountered them.The rising Indie Era carries with a glut of new games identifying with any number of formerly niche or fringe markets, with the idea that these new games are made by people who like to play them.  Suddenly those sacred tropes are everywhere: start as a nobody with a tiny ship, trade and fight your way to fame and fortune however you see fit.  Travel from base to base, help or hinder factions, explore the vastness and exploit whatever you find.  I am giddy as I scroll through the many new titles built on this common formula.But, as we have been forced to learn, the Indie Era has a darkside. For every labor of love built by caring craftsmen, there are five unruly messes abandoned without a second thought.  I know that life happens, and building a game is tough- but unfinished is unfinished.  I've had high hopes for a few- Drifter, Jumpdrive (formerly Paragon), etc. But alas.Even the multi-million dollar powerhouse Elite:Dangerous often feels half-finished.Let Their Crystallized Voice Proclaim...and let all thoughtful citizens sustain themMy first few hours in E:L were a revelation.  I had the same thought so many times it became a mantra: ""One man and a contracted artist achieved in a year what Frontier hasn't in 30!""  Planetary landings even on atmospheric planets, modular ship and utility construction, escort jobs, etc, etc. Elite:Dangerous is an amazing game, no doubt, but the difference between Frontier and StarWraith in terms of intent and delivery is astounding. If ED is the sleek, high-design chair you ordered online from Ikea, then EL is the sturdy, simple chair your nephew made for you in his workshop out back.  StarWraith values craftmanship and community involvement over glamour and the clink of stacking coins.EL is a loving answer to all the issues we had with its predecessor.  Every system is improved.  The sim physics are tighter.  Missions are more complex, more diverse.  The hired artist designed new and more adept ship and object models.  There are far more items comprising a far wider range of uses.  And, one of my favorite points, the activity of AI entities and regional markets are more responsive to player choices and actions.  he game universe is procedurally generated and expands on demand, allowing for ever greater voyages and adventures that are entirely unique to the individual player's experience.If you like space sims or space at all, buy it. If you appreciate craftsmanship and community involvement from a game studio, buy it.  If you just want to give a true artist the support he needs to practice his craft, buy it.  History will remember Evochron and StarWraith as major contributors to the space sim genre.No Drama, Just Reviews"
,Recommended,398170,30350546,Posted: 5 March,all,sthowe1,"Edit 4.15.2017After almost 40 hours it felt like time to update this. In short, this game has sunk it's teeth really deep and it's still biting hard. None of the wow factor outlined previously is gone...in fact, it has increased the longer I've played. Bear in mind I'm in no hurry to complete anything, get the best gear or ships, or become dirty rich - and I've stayed away from tutorials as much as possible. I think this is where this game really shines for me - it rewards patient exploration of it's mechanics, and they run deep...I only just became a good enough pilot to win my first race!After the tutorial I decided to be an independent trader. I ran a few contracts that seemed simple and got some credits together for a small wing upgrade, because the first time I flew down to the planet's city, I got steamrolled by terrible weather and it was really hard to dock, resulting in burning through most of my fuel. It was expensive to get back into orbit!Once I dusted off it was time to mine. Got some more credits together and learned that you can alter your frame config: there are a set number of slots per frame, and you can spread them out however you want. Being a peaceful trader, I got rid of missile hardpoints, shields, and countermeasure mounts and suddenly I have 6 cargo bays! Time to get mining in earnest!Spent about an hour messing around with my ship's look. The configurator might not look very robust, but it gives an surprising amount of control (aside from colors). Without even altering any gear, the appearance change can be dramatic by changing size and position of different parts on all 3 axes. Cool!Since then, I've talked to NPCs to learn about uncharted areas, been to 5 or so mapped systems, figured out a trade route, tried to hire some other pilots for my fleet, found a huge asteroid with an enormous cave system to explore, stopped meteors from hitting a planet, delivered critical supplies to distant outposts, and helped some fellow mercenaries on their way by giving them some fuel. I've even witnessed some pirates attacking a large cargo ship, but I was powerless to do anything but run in case they decided I was next. I've died multiple times by flying into something or warping into an asteroid field.  I've gotten stranded in open space with nothing around for 20 sectors. I've altered entire economies with my goods. I've gotten ripped off and swindled, but these things happen...Right. The point is: this game is so deep and immersive that I can no longer even imagine what else is in store besides the scratch on the surface I've made after 40 hours. There are at least 3 factions, and none of them seem to like each other. There are warzones and hostile systems on the quadrant map that I haven't even been to yet. I think there might be a military aspect to this game, and it's staggering to think it might be as deep as the trading. The sectors are also absolutely gigantic! I thought I would fly to another station in Sapphire because it was ""close"" on the Navmap, turns out it was about a million clicks away...but guess what? I did it anyway, and the game let me.The funny part is, the Navmap was zoomed all the way in. The entire trip was literally in a tiny corner of an insignicant solar system. When I zoomed out, there were three stars that were ""close"" to my current solar system that ended up being clumped in a miniscule white dot in the corner. According to some of the gossip from other mercenaries, the entirety of the grid is explorable and waiting to be discovered! Oh yeah, that's one ""mapped"" star system out of dozens!TL:DR2; This game is completely and utterly brilliant. The sheer enormity and complexity of it makes me excited to see what else is in store!------------------------------------------Ever since I was a kid I've wanted to know what it would be like to ACTUALLY fly a spaceship. I've been dreaming about it for decades.Vast distances, HUD complexity,  flight controls, inertia. gravity, velocity, vectors, personal time in the cockpit for reading or contemplation,  how much  of a challenge docking would be in three dimensions with full Newtonian physics.....Right. So I'm two hours in with much more to go, and all of the above is delivered! It's all here, and I haven't even finished the tutorial - I just docked at the first station to practice docking and learn the trading/inventory/mapping/building stuff interfaces. I can imagine where this is headed - the ultimate spaceflight sandbox.If you're remotely interested in realistic space, spaceflight, and everything that might come with that, I think you'd like this sim. It's pretty complex like you'd expect actual space piloting to be, and to me it's already rewarding and quite relaxing and fun. It's also beautiful. You will fly through dust clouds and nebulae enroute to your next destination, and see pretty planets grow larger in the viewscreen. Some planets even have rings. It's awe inspiring to experience the true scale.*Edit: The dev was extremely responsive, helpful, and professional in getting this resolved with no workarounds. Thank you!The only con so far is I had to adjust the DPI settings in Windows under the *.exe compatibility properties to get the main menu to work and scale correctly; the mouse only moved a quarter of the screen at first. I couldn't even set up my profile. Not a huge deal once sorted but it took a bit to figure out via the FAQ...But many thanks for recognizing this issue and putting it in there in the first place!I have ~80 games and this is my first review. Take that as you will.TL:DR; Get it."
76561198025359639,Recommended,398170,20673748,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,toddbert,"Want to get involved in intense space combat? You can. Want to relax and mine or trade? You can. Want to design a new ship? Yep. Want to build your own station? Check. This game offers amazing levels of freedom, AND unlike some of its contemporaries, gives you a lot of things to do. It's deep, it's fun, it's what you're looking for in a space sim. Just buy it already!"
76561198026138231,Recommended,398170,20614147,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,robert.blane,"The minute this Celestial Endeavour came out - it has happily downloading onto my hard drive and now the wait of nearly five years for Vice to bring us the epitome of space simulations is now over.  Pride of ownerships has been firmly installed and therewith a warm glow for there are masterpieces that take years to create and ""Legacy""  is exact that.I urge you to take advantage of the 40% discount in the games opening week and show support for a REAL space sim and do know that when you purchase this game, the project will continually be updated, honed and polished for many years to come.This reviewer is taking his tentative first steps out into the Universe of Legacy and will update this review again soon.Truly a game to invest both your hard earned dosh and your time.Engage Legacy for a dream come true and the development process continues. . . . . ."
,Recommended,398170,22381612,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dietrich,"This is easily one of the most well-rounded Space Sims out right now.  Seriously.The gameplay is right up there with -ANY- game I'm currently playing.  Legacy gives me just about every element that I desire in a space game.  The graphics are a bit dated.  It's a bit complicated.  There's no getting out of your ship in a conventional way (but there are terrain walkers). Those are about the only negatives for me.  Though, graphics are somewhat lower on my list of game needs compared to many gameplay aspects.This game includes, but is not limited to:- Newtonian physics (that change depending on space/atmosphere)- Station docking- Planetary landing/atmospheric flight- Realistic dogfighting- Missions in space and planet-side- No traditional ""load screens""- Free-jumping about the galaxy - have jump-drive, will travel- Can use gates, but they merely save you on fuel and time, they are not required for travel- Ship customization, ship component mix/match and upgrading- Empire building: station building, planet-side building, etc.- 3rd Person game-play- A big sell-point to me is that you can play this game as effectively in 3rd person as 1stperson.  There are almost no games doing that anymore and I love looking at my ship inspace as I adventure around.- Modding - Graphics, HUD, cockpits, ships, music, SFX, etc., can all be modded.- Support - The developer is a single person and after all these years of developing the Evochron   titles, he's still as responsive and passionate as ever.This is a fun game if you are into a true space sim.  Most everything feels very real when playing.  If that's your jam, this game is more than reasonably priced for the content.  Pick it up!"
76561197962072634,Recommended,398170,20619439,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Shifty,"Pretty much the best, most complete, and funest space sim available right now. This game is NOT an other early access, or some kind of endless slow paced development plan. This is a complete game. If you like space sims you should definetly look into this game."
76561198015029471,Recommended,398170,25285185,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,revporl,"tldr; Far more in depth than the competitors with a learning curve and UI to match. Most closely resembles a single player EVE, although it does have a multiplayer option but I've not tried that.9/10Long version!I came to this via Elite Dangerous (which I've had for about 18 months) and NMS (since it came out)Both of these seemed a little shallow for different reasons, E:D being exceptionally ""Grindy"" and NMS being pretty but with little to do.E:L is more of a technical game than either of those other two with a fairly steep learning curve. If anything, from a gameplay point of view it reminds me, if anything of a single player version of EVE online.The flight model is a lot more realistic (or at least tricky), to get the hang of but more rewarding once you start to be able to handle it. Combat is far, far better than in either E:D or NMS, mostly down to the flight model and larger diversity of weaponry.The HUD provides far more statistics on your spaceship and your current environment than either of the other games and allow for a far greater degree of interaction based on these (actually surface planetary travel is very very difficult to get the hang of, I'm still working on that one!)Comprehensive customisation of your ship and equipment is a lot easier than in E:D, you are able to dictate the way that the various parts of the ship are put together in minute detail. In this way, again, its far more comparable to EVE than either E:D or NMS. You can also construct bases, both in space and on planetary surfaces, and there is a detailed crafting system, without all the bother of Elite's Engineers system.The planets are far more detailed than E:D, some with planetary atmospheres and weather and forestry (and allegedly animals but Ive not seen any) but without the novelty of NMS (which soon gets a bit boring)In terms of gameplay, there is a richer range of things to do than in either of the other games. At the moment, I'm in a warzone doing reconnaissance missions for one side, while selling mined resources to both and hoping I don't get busted. Great fun, and something that I decided to do myself which the game accommodated. Bear in mind that although I've only been playing a few hours though and may eventually reach the limits of what I can do. Even taking that into account, gameplay seems a lot more flexible than with the other two. Again, it feels a bit EVE-y in this regard.The user interface is a lot less streamlined than E:D or NMS and contains an almost overbearing amount of information and options, but I soon got used to this, if you like experimenting and asking ""I wonder what this button does"", you should like it. Even the radar which is rudimentary in NMS and E:D can display data in several different formats depending on the task in hand.I see that it is criticised for the standard of the graphics and while it isn't as eye-popping as the other games, its not bad at all and there's an active modding community who are looking at improving this. It's more than compensated by the quality and depth of the gameplay, which seem streets ahead of the competition.9/10 Easily the most enjoyable of the three for me"
76561198057230495,Recommended,398170,28151662,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Testocleez,"I am a newcomer to 3D space and flight games, so I will start by explaining what I liked about a different space game, which inspired me to seek out Evochron Legacy. In Endless Space, I shoot across a 2D galaxy in custom-built ships, turn by turn, exploring solar systems. Each one is like a Christmas present as I approach, and the red, yellow, blue and white stars are the bows on top. When I get there, a window opens up revealing multiple planets. It is possible to guess beforehand what types of planets are in the system based on the type of star, but there is no accounting for the variety of anomalies, resources and conditions that each planet might reveal. Each one is a present unto itself, filled with envisioned potential. In times like that, I think someone should make a whole game just about this. Well, Evochron Legacy is almost that game.+ Planetary Descent and Orbit.There is continuous space throughout the galaxy, from the docking bay of a command ship to the surface of a planet or moon. No loading times ever. And it’s smooth and stable. In high orbit, some views with a minimized HUD remind me of images from the ISS.+INERTIA  + VELOCITY x THRUSTERS=FUN.Have you ever “seen” a spacecraft, maybe on t.v., which turns on a dime and changes direction, and then takes off at impossible speeds? In this game, with inertia and enough fuel burning fast enough, such maneuvers might be done.+ Easy Spaceflight.Even using a keyboard and mouse, due to shielding and advanced NAV tools, anyone can drive in the future! Flying in atmosphere is a little more challenging, depending on the weather, but most experienced sim pilots probably won’t find it challenging, unless you want to turn off your IDS and float on inertia, lift and thrusters. Did I mention thrusters yet?+ Fun Combat.I attribute this mostly to the fact that it’s not easy to take out another ship. You have to get past the shields and even small ships can have powerful shields. There are lots of weapons that do things like deplete energy, EMP, and targeting ship subsystems. So most engagements can go on for some time, and there is a lot of potential for varying outcomes. For example, damage someone’s engine then hit them with a kinetic blast missile that pushes them into a star or other body. Speed and jump drives mean escape is frequent, if temporary. The imminent end to a battle is saved by an ally Jumping in. The HUD looks good and is useful. It’s customizable and there are mods for it.+ No Risk on Ship Config. Experimentation/No Sales Tax.Other than differences in market value from system to system, you can always sell anything back for the same amount you purchased it. So you can go into the docking station, sell your missiles and your Cannon Relay System at the same price you paid for them, go into the shipyard and reconfigure your frame to carry cargo bays instead  of missiles, launch your new ship, and buy a Tractor Beam for mining. When you decide to switch it back, it will cost you little more than the price of fuel while searching for the components you want, unless you stored them in a Hangar.+ Endless Space.The first thing I did after launching my ship was accelerate to max velocity and shoot past the nearby planet, off into the void. As I tried the different camera views, and saw how quickly enormous things become small, it was like a simulation of the definition of awesome. When I tried to turn and go back, I learned the meaning of inertia.+ Possibility.This game already contains everything it needs to be so much more, something like a 3D, real time version of ES. The heart of it is solid, though sparse in terms of some atmospheric and planet side elements.+ Awesome Developer.The guy who makes this is an artist, and also maybe a physicist and an actual genius. Landmass structure and design are very well done. The AI voice work is awesome. He updates the game and welcomes suggestions.Before going on, it’s worth noting that:1.	Space weapons are fun to shoot from the cockpit. And thrusters.2.	I’m playing on a 40” HDTV 3 feet in front of my face.3.	Multiplayer is pretty much the same as SP but with the addition of human pilots, and cooperative play, sometimes. Most of what you do in SP carries over. Your progress is saved for all servers, and you can play as any faction at any time.4.	I haven’t done any research and development yet, but I know it uses resources you can find to build ship components you’ve designed.5.	This is the second review I’ve ever felt compelled to write.6.	If you don’t learn to use your 2-view Nav map and 3D Radar, yer gonna have a bad time.-- Not many players.Although the community is strong, it is small. The MP servers are mostly empty of humans. I’m not sure how long it will matter if I discover new systems and build better ships, if there’s nobody to compete with.-- Graphics on planet surfaces and ship explosions.Blocky textures up close. Limited scale of definition (peak-to-valley depth perception) when near the surface. Mountains seem like hills.-- A.I. pilots are dumb.They fly straight at you, guns-a-blazing, just like the tutorial tells you not to do.-- Resource recovery is too easy.I can fly 500 feet above the length of a mountain range at high speeds with my tractor beam on, and harvest precious metals the whole way. Resources should be concentrated in certain areas on planets as they are in space.-- Lack of planet identity/authenticity.There is a huge deficit in the unusual sort of things one would expect to find, with so many worlds out there, and unfortunately it detracts from the joy of discovering the wondrous variety. Each planet is less wondrous than the last, just different. Taking some inspiration from other games, I have the idea that a planet could have an EM force emanating from its core which provides a boost to local shields or allows stationary hull regeneration. One could have fuel in abundance, or a subservient or a hostile race. One could be inhabited by civilians that we bring there, while another could be uninhabitable. Currently planets are dead. I haven’t seen any lush forests yet, or glaciers, or waterfalls that I read about.  I have only seen two races of birds, and one was on two different planets in two different systems, I think.  That sort of thing chips away at the immersion.  I would also like to see more variety in the size of planets, in their atmospheric density, and some with unusually high or low mass/density. Besides a gas giant, all the planets I’ve seen have a gravity field extending to 20,000 units and their atmosphere starts at 10,000. Furthermore, I would like to see some intrinsic benefit to building stations that anyone else can use. Many players would like to see some tax or major price discount at stations they build, so that they have more significance. I think that the localization of resources on planets, and the presence of beneficial or malignant phenomena would help to accomplish that.Aside from the lack of players, the issue of planet identity is the most critical. I will probably be playing this game for some time anyway, but I would pay 25 bucks again for some of the improvements I have mentioned. In its current form as a space exploration/3D Combat game, Evochron Legacy is a polished, thrusting good time. It seems like the developer has created a solid platform that can (hopefully) withstand modding and increased usage, thus freeing him to continue developing the game. It just needs more players."
76561198031217282,Recommended,398170,31769623,Posted: 15 May,all,casperorillian,"This is a wide open sand box game, I want to say in a similar to egosofts X series but there are differences. The main one is that exploration is a BIG factor in this game, not only is there hidden cargo scattered around the system but there are entire solar systems to discover, the mapped features you have at the start of the game are only a small number of the total objects there are to fly to and explore. I do also belive it is possible to fly from one quadrant of space to another with out using jump gates. However I have not tried this as it takes a great deal of time and resources (one jump costs 10 fuel, I do not have enough fuel storage yet)As for station buildling there are two options, the first is called deployment, this is where temporary objects are placed that do one specific task, it might be a machine to automaticlly mine, or a fuel refinery. These only last for a short time and are usually cheap, they are built using metal as a resource, mined from Asteroids.The second option is actually building stations, however once the station is built you do not own it like you do in the X series. You do get to name the station and a ""license"" which gives you a discount on things bought but otherwise that is as far as your ownership goes. Building stations however is important because it helps increase the ""Tech Level"" of a sector which helps unlock higher end items.There is a reasonable amount of ship customization, each external part, such as engines, wings, the cockpick etc can be modified, in that it can be moved around the ship or scaled in size or painted. There is also the internal configeration, a special menu found in shipbuilding where you can dictate how many things like cargo, fuel tanks, weapons etc your ship can hold, each hull has a limited number of points available so careful consideration must be made in order to make sure your configeration does what you need.The game does have crafting of a sort, there is a tech lab in dock where you can throw random items together to see what happens, you can also gain blueprints through exploration and story missions. In fact blue prints are the only way to get some higher level equipment.There is also the option for custom weapons, you can take existing ones or create new ones and adjust their specifications, for example more range at the expense of hitting power, to again do what you needI am unable to comment on the story line currently as I am still building up funds to secure a better ship."
,Recommended,398170,20640258,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,B.J. Bl@zkowicz,"While i generally agree that being a single GUY'S manwork this game is great and i'm not complaining at all, i really wish that we weren't being always forced to choose between depth and graphics, specially in games like this.I generally agree that graphics are less important than gameplay, but in space simulations the graphics and environmental quality are INSTEAD VERY IMPORTANT: for exploration and  immersivity purpose.I really hope one day we will really get more depth and gameplay, from bigger ""millions dollars"" braindead prodution studios .In the Meantime Kudos to StarWraith 3D Games LLC , the game is indeed very good."
,Recommended,398170,20658429,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Zarrakis,"I've played many many space games and the Evochron series are the best I've played. There is something that the other games don't have. Charm? The game is beautiful in it's own way and the game is one of the most relaxing and/or exhilerating games out there. If you've got the patience to learn and play a space sim, you have to make time to play this gem."
,Recommended,398170,22109339,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,NeoGambit,"As a long time player of Evochron Mercenary, I was a bit hesitant at first to pick this up.  I mean, its still pretty much the same game, right?  Well, I'm man enough to admit when I'm wrong, and BOY WAS I WRONG. Legacy is a finely tuned evolution of the latest Evochron series.  The planets are better, the economy is better, the ships are better, pretty much everything that made Mercenary the incredibly great game that it was, Legacy makes it better.  Don't just take my word for it, you can visit the Star Wraith  website and test out a demo on your own.Now, for the people that complain about the learning curve, I personally play using a gamepad and Voice Attack, and thoroughly enjoy the simplicity of it all.  It really isn't any more difficult than any other simulator out there.The other reason that you should get this game, is that the developer is active with the Evochron community.  Like REAL active.  I had a problem modding something, and they responded within a few hours, were very helpful, and I was up and running right away.  That is true dedication to your product and your patrons.  Browsing through the forums, the community seems like a very tight brotherhood as well, and is one of the most supportive gaming communities I have ever seen."
76561198034240225,Recommended,398170,28934762,Posted: 2 January,all,darklyt750,"Let me preface this with saying this game has replaced Elite: Dangerous for me.This series of games has been the love child of a single (as in one, not sure if he's married or not ;)) developer. And what's funny is it has more content and fun than E:D.The graphics are a bit... outdated. But none of that matters when you see an earth-like planet with rings, fly down to the surface and explore it in your mech walker. Oh and that's all seamless by the way, no loading screens after the initial load in to the game.The music is by no means bad, but you get tired of hearing the same tracks over and over. But I still enjoy it, and it's a good warning as it changes when there's enemies nearby.The technical aspect of this game is what draws me to it. It's the most flight-sim space-sim game I've found in this manner (Orbiter is a different type of space sim). The tutorial is an absolute must-do, as there is just so many little things to be concerned about. Oh and don't forget the full Newtonian flight physics.Overall this has become my favorite scifi space sim. And for such a cheap price, ESPECIALLY compared to E:D, you cannot possibly go wrong.Buy it and play online and join a clan.HAIL Ghost Fleet!"
,Recommended,398170,20714523,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dragon3043,"This game is epic, however beyond the game is the community... I am new to the Evochron series and have had alot of questions - Every single question I have asked (in game or in the forums) has been answered quickly and in a mature manner.This game is well worth the price, it is a ton of fun and has an extremely solid community to play with - I would absolutely recommend the purchase of this game."
76561198032528294,Recommended,398170,33924234,Posted: 31 July,all,Warriorsage,"This is a really solid game for some things, but lacks infrastructure to be satisfying for others.I didn't spend 40 hours dogfighting.  That's the first point I make, because this game mostly attracts flight-sim nerds, and the whole basis of my review is that the game DOES have enough content outside of that to be worth a look.  From what I understand, combat is tough, mostly because the flight physics are well-developed.  It's unlikely you will make just one pass through the tutorials, as there are MANY things to keep track of.  Outside of combat, you'll likely just need basic controls for your ship getting around, but the depth is here if you want it.The economy isn't anything particularly special, but some things should be pointed out.  Like every space sim/sandbox, you have many commodities to trade, and unfortunately like every sim/sandbox, there is an illusion of choice.  Sure, you COULD ""vulture"" trade goods off of exploded ships, or buy anything that's on a good sale, but the reality is diamonds and platinum will be your biggest moneymakers without actually crafting something yourself.  However, unlike every space sim I've ever played, the game doesn't give you sh*tty money for this activity.  Even putting aside the deployable mining bot, you can make a few million in the right quadrant just with either of those commodities in one sitting.  That would take MUCH longer in other sims.Ships are modular, and you can swap out different components whenever you like.  Every ship has an assembly rating, and once you max it out, you'll need to decrease some things to increase others.  Do you choose more room for crew, more cargo space, more weapons, etc?  Cargo bays hold only one item each, with a total of ten possible bays.  There are blueprints to find to craft weapons and tools, and upgrades you can purchse.Civilian ships are a separate class from military ones, the latter requiring special currency from missions.  My complaint here is that all military ships are restricted to one cargo bay, and you cannot change it.  Now, you can muddle through the game just fine without a military frame, but there's no such thing as configuring it the way you want it.  Since much of the game is about exploration, acquisition of treasures, weapons, resources, etc, the game basically forces you to have two ships if you want the full experience.A special note about travel: space is big, naturally.  You are not technically restricted by speed, only fuel, but it brings me to a minor complaint about the map.  While the autopilot is decent enough for some things, if you click one PIXEL over from the target on a map and hyperjump to it, you're still going to be at least 20,000 km away from your target, and that's if you're lucky.  A better zoom feature would fix this.  Don't expect to get anywhere quickly without at least a few minutes of coasting in.You can pick the Alliance, the Federation, or Neutral if you just want an uninterrupted flight sim.  You can contribute to the spread of your chosen side throughout the galaxy by doing missions and building permanent structures such as cities on planets, starbases, and the like.  None of these structures are owned by you, they simply contribute to your faction's presence within the system, while providing convenient locations for you to refuel, trade, etc.  This is kind of a bummer for me, personally, and represents a part of that lacking infrastructure I mentioned.  You wanna be a trade baron?  Too bad.Planets have one station on them, or nothing besides resources.  You can fly uninterrupted in and out of the atmosphere, though inner atmospheric flight controls are wonky.  If you've deployed a sensor within the sector, you'll find planets littered with goodies.  It might be anything from materials, to weapons.  This sort of treasure hunting is something I very much enjoyed, along with getting tips from AI pilots about hidden caches.The unofficial quadrants of the universe are procedurally generated.  That's pretty damned amazing if you ask me, but this expansive element comes with a price.  The universe is essentially homogenized.  For example, asteroids have three ores:  diamonds, platinum, and metal.  The third is the sole resource for building anything, the previous two are commodities.  You will visit many quadrants, and see many asteroids of different colors, but they will only contain varying ratios of these three elements.  Sure, there are technically thousands of planets, nebulae, and other little anomalies, but no matter where you go, it is likely going to be something you've seen before.Then again... Perhaps I played the game backwards.  Maybe all of these other things were meant to be side activities to a dogfighting sim.  Someday I may come back to the game and make a combat pilot.  But, even with the slim pickings of the other systems, the game is a good romp if you catch it on sale."
76561198016623765,Recommended,398170,25373304,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SWARZENEGGER,Very helpful developer took the time out of his busy schedule to fix a problem on my pc. Thanks man be lucky!
76561197982486331,Recommended,398170,20665242,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mog,"This is the kind of gem that once you find it, you wonder why it took you so long to discover it.  I highly recommend the demo so you play through the tutorial and get used to navigation.  Don't let the length of the tutorial turn you off: these kinds of games are supposed to eat your time, and you'll be glad you had the practice because space is unforgiving.The tutorial is especially helpful in teaching you a couple basic combat principles that only really apply in space.  Dog-fighiting is very different inside and outside of atmospheres and the effects of gravity, so you can use these differences to your tactical advantage.  Dodging incoming missiles is key to survival in combat as well, and is slightly more involved than timing your countermeasures properly.  The basics really are some of your best tools to survive, so learn them well.I recently just purchased Evochron Legacy, my first purchase in the series, and I'm blown away already.  There's quite a lot of customization available, and there's no shortage of contracts or conflict.  Even failures reward me with knowledge on game mechanics (pro tip: don't engage warp in an atmosphere).Seamless planetary transitions are incredible, and the planets also rotate!Fuel is a precious commodity that must be preserved!  Proper course planning, maneuvering and jumping is the key to maximizing profits via saving fuel.  It can also keep you from getting stranded.  Fuel is burned up quite rapidly in dog-fights as well, so you'll want to manage every ounce effectively.I've read a lot of complaints about the UI, but I actually like it quite a bit.  After you understand what all the information relates to and what it means, it seems far less cluttered and it really lets you keep your eyes trained on your gunsights during dogfights, instead of checking instruments across the cockpit.It's got a steep learning curve, and starting out can seem like a duanting task, but once you start to figure things out, more possibilities open up quickly, like hiring fleet members, developing your own weapons and ships, or even researching entirely new stuff.  Non-combat options and activities are abundant as well including (but not limited to) responding to distress signals, margin trading, transport contracts, building and exploring.I have only scratched the surface, but I can tell I'm going to be enjoying this game for a long time to come.  It's nearly everything I've been looking for from a sandbox space-sim, and more.  It's a testament to how greed has polluted gaming since it has features and complexity you would expect from teams of industry professionals with large budgets.The graphics aren't the most breath-taking, but they aren't terrible.  The gameplay more than makes up for it and there's plenty of time and modding potential to improve those graphics.  From what I read, Evochron Mercenary received about 5 years worth of post-launch development, so there will be plenty of improvements over time.It's refreshing to play a game that's not meant to be chewed up and spit out in a matter of a couple play sessions, and isn't an MMO giving out content in controlled morsels.Definitely a good game to play with an Oculus Rift on, I think.  I'll be finding out soon enough.  :DUpdate: Evochron Legacy has been receiving steady fixes and patches the past couple of weeks.  It's cool to see regular activity in the form of bugfixing and improvements."
76561198332694807,Recommended,398170,28323535,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,lithiumfriction,"I bought this game because my laptop couldn't handle Elite:Dangerous, and I was a bit skeptical because I heard there was a sacrifice of graphic quality, but I sat down and plugged in, and I've never looked back. The flight dynamics alone are enough to keep you interested, but the game itself is a rich and rewarding open environment with a degree of freedom concerning play style that you don't find in many other games. Whether you like exploring, combat, trading, piracy, or even building and construction, this game has something for you. There is a bit of a learning curve, but tutorials are extremely comprehensive, and if the in-game quests don't fill the knowledge gaps, the online community is more than willing to help, preparing you to strike out into the Evoverse and make a name for yourself solo or with one of the Evochron: Legacy player-run clans.I bought this game as a placeholder, and it has become one of my main gaming staples, so much so that I was even inspired to found an Evochron: Legacy clan myself.As if the game wasn't already amazing, the developer takes a hands-on approach to its ongoing improvement and is a visible and vocal part of his game's online community, participating in discussions and genuinely listening to suggestions, using his player-base to shape the game itself. This game and the community that surrounds it will give the warm and fuzzies to any space sim enthusiast worth their own METL.I HIGHLY recommend it."
76561198037642186,Recommended,398170,20650480,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Jessica Rushie,"The guy who made this game is a genius. It's the best space sim / Combat sim / space explorer / trading game i have ever played, and theres a lot more to it then that too.AAA companys could learn a lot from this guy.Hats off to StarWraith."
,Recommended,398170,20656369,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Rockser11,Absolutely a lot of fun if you can get passed the graphics
76561198067822081,Recommended,398170,20771063,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Insane_Bolt,"This is my first space sim. I had the patience to complete the demo (2 hours!) and now find myself enthralled by the game. It's an intricate, slow-burner and I have only scratched the surface of its content after nearly 40 hours. I came to this game with my eyes wide open and understanding there is a lot to learn, which is why I gladly take advice from the helpful community.Here's a few pointers that may help anyone considering buying the game. If you want an arcade shooter, don't buy this game - you will dislike it. If you want the best graphics, don't buy this game - you will dislikeit. If you have little patience, don't buy this game - you will dislike it. If you are in none of these categories, you may still dislike it!If you are a mature (of mind) gamer, you may well like this game. I enjoy it, even though I have never put this much effort into learning a game in my life. I'm looking forward to future community mods and Dev updates to further enhance the experience of being an explorer in a complex and captivating virtual galaxy.Finally, having read about the history of the Evochron games family and read the Dev Diary for Legacy, I am wholly impressed by the Developer of the series and wish him unbridled success with this and future endeavours. Wish we had more of his calibre making games."
76561197983887224,Recommended,398170,21334292,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,power2022,"*Note I've played this game for about 2 weeks now, not via steam, simply bought a cd key here*This game is a budget elite dangerous (before horizons) which has all the features you wanted to begin with.And you can play singleplayer. No internet, no problem. There's also a demo available to try before you buy.Furthermore, the developer chooses a very retro however surprisingly detailed graphics feel, hitting things which other games don't! (which is great for budget and gaming rigs alike) but focuses moreso on gameplay, and is constantly involved with the small community attempting to make the game better and better. Buying the game means you get to be a part of that community, your voice is heard.If I had a couple wishes, it'd be a little bit more of a campaign / story with characters, maybe more control of the stations you build and how they run and operate on the grand scale of things, some more capital ship assault weapons (like another weapon option for a ""very heavy assault"" role but have it be almost useless in dogfights) and a direct ability to order and limited docking with capital ships to use as fire support in more intense missions.all THAT said.The biggest potential this game has is for multiplayer, dealing with NPCs is fine,...to a point. Humans fly different, act different, talk different. The Major issue is there are not enough players yet to make these ""dynamic"" universes...dynamic. Even with the few we get (16 at most) it becomes quite dynamic.That said, if you buy the game, spend some time on multiplayer! You'll help build up the re-playability and enjoy it alot more. That's where the REAL potential lies, the playerbase really just needs to be increased.You don't have to though, that's a selling point. And do check the game forums, there are rules about multiplayer, so if you are new, there's not only a wealth of info on multiplayer and a great playerbase to help you, but also they won't simply frag you when you haven't a clue what to do.At least, if you are sticking to friendly space :) Otherwise any battles are initiated by asking.Don't buy this game if you want the latest that puts your shiny 1080 gtx to the test, it will not.Buy this game if you want a genuinely interesting sandbox with a little bit of a story and missions thrown in.It's been a fantastic indie space sim, and very rich, very modable, (there's already some sound, application and ship model mods out). Can't wait to see more of you out there."
,Recommended,398170,22267844,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ELi,"+ A lot of content and stuff to do.+ Many advanced mechanics for those who wants it.+ Play it like you want. For example, combat pilot, trader, miner, explorer or why not all?+ Huge world.+ Freedom.+ A lot of depth.+ Friendly community and developer.+ Most computers can run this.+ Easy to learn, takes time to master. But you can do it in your own pace, and depending on what you are interested in.The html is good and the in game tutorial is good too, for the basics.- Small community, MP is pretty dead. Also due to the fact that this game is so great in SP.- If you NEED the latest cutting edge graphics, you wont get it here. But it's looking good enough and is very functional.- If you want a more hand held experience, play something else. Also if you want/need a storydriven experience or not curious to explore, decide and finding out stuff for you self, this will be hard. This is not plug and play. Or at least, you will feel pretty lost.- The navigation panel and other stuff are hard to use and getting used to. Some mechanics are overly complicated and clunky to use. Don't get me wrong, I love the functionality but sometimes it's too many steps for doing easy stuff. Like switching ship.But overall a great game. Not perfect by any means. But, again, simply great!"
76561197978999239,Recommended,398170,25916701,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Robert Loblaw,Awesome space sim. This game has everything Elite Dangerous is missing.
76561197970524016,Recommended,398170,22803177,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,darkdrow_1,Great game.  Impressive by any standards.1) Great flight model2) Make your own bases and cities3) Online with friends4) Good exploration5) Can run on about anything.See youtube Video review below for why I find this game so well made!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTez2BNQTqA
76561198070783623,Recommended,398170,20986311,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,shamecube,I now enjoy space sims because of this game.
,Recommended,398170,20619406,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,GardevoirChan,"Really really fun. Glad that it doesn't have any DRM *cough* ED *cough* can't wait for some mods c:only thing thats lacking is the graphics, they look a bit 2011, however this is a one man game so I can see that wasn't the main focus. Really fun to just cruise around and crash into thing lol. 9/10"
76561197964865460,Not Recommended,398170,34836875,Posted: 9 September,all,Phirmware,"I really did want to reccomend this game, I just cannot.Developer is a really good guy who is very active and passionate about his game.The game itself seems to be overly complicated and at times is unable to get out of it's own way.  The tutorial is over an hour long, and still does not cover some important aspects of simple things that would be helpful in completing the first few missions you recieve.And the missions.  The space-based stations offer you missions that you cannot accept because you are not on a planet.  (huh?)  Some require you to go fly to a sector to retrieve and item somewhere in that sector, have fun finding said item.  Trying to figure out how the game's mechanics want you to perform each type of mission is a good source of frustration and just was not fun for me.I'm a fan of the X series of games, so I can deal with figuring things out on my own.  But when I feel like a colorblind person trying to solve a Rubiks Cube, it might be actually a bit much.This game seems to be meant to appeal to a very niche audience, perhaps I'm not in that group."
76561198044976803,Recommended,398170,29557768,Posted: 28 January,all,warlordatf,"I only played a few hours so far but...This is the game i wanted when i bought elite dangerous. ED is great but this is much less complicated and more enjoyable to play. The Tutorial is a must, run it at least twice and you will be ready to launch into space in search of your fortune (or Fate!). I still have not got a good feel for the zero g combat so i have died a few times, but i've been able to do so much! I mined asteroids, used jump gates and hauled and sold various supplies between stations. I even crashed a ship across a great looking mountain range as i entered the atmosphere way too fast while landing on a planet. The galaxy is large enough to keep you busy and the ships systems and upgrades are deep enough for a sim fan while the full-Newtonian flight engine everyone talks about really makes you feel like your flying in space. The Graphics are not AAA quality but there is really nothing wrong with them IMO. If you are looking for a great space sim this is it, well worth the price! In fact the only reason i'm writing this review instead of playing Evochron Legacy is my wireless headphones need recharging!"
,Recommended,398170,22333376,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,K Winky,"EVOCHRON LEGACY REVIEW1. Graphics- Not the best, not the worst. Cutting edge graphics do not a game make, however. But if it bothers you so much, there are also mods out there that lets you fiddle with the options, shaders, etc. so if the graphics don't cut it for you, you can always go the mod route. I'd also like to add that EL's modding community is very much active.2. Music- There are a total of 5 tracks in the Evochron Legacy OST. After a couple of hours it DOES get stale. But that's why we have our own playlists on our PCs, yes? I personally love playing EL on a Sunday morning while listening to indie music like the hippie that I secretly am.3. Cinematics- None to speak of as it is not needed (in this context).4. Story- YOU create the story. Your story ends where your imagination runs dry. :)5. Content- The best part of the game. The tutorial alone (which takes roughly 2 hours to accomplish) is not enough to teach you the very basics of traversing and thriving in the Evoverse. As most people say, it truly is a deep and technical game. So if you are the type of person who loves to mentally chomp on things, then consider Evochron Legacy as a quarter pounder. Logistics aside, there is quite a lot to explore and do in Evochron. Want to explore uncharted areas? Alrighty. Want to warp into hostile territory and pick fights? Sure thing. Want to design a monster ship and fly by yourself? Okay. Want to design a monster ship and fly with a crew? No problem. Build a city? Check. See there's a lot to do if you think about it in the long term. The game comes with an instruction manual and it is quite handy when you find yourself stuck on a particular activity.6. Controls- The keybindings are definitely overwhelming at first. Once you get past that though, everything is fine. Docking and maneuvering just take some getting used to. Also if you have or are planning to get a flight stick, the configuration is slightly confusing at first but it will become relatively self explanatory as you fiddle with the options.7. Community- The community is small enough that it isn't toxic and big enough that there are modders and people who are always willing to help in the forums. If you want to get involved with the community, I suggest joining the Evochron Discord server. If you need an invite, you can either get it from /r/evochron or you can ask any of the community members who are members of the server. However the beauty in EL's community is the fact that community participation ISN'T mandatory. So if you want to be total hermit (like me) that is completely feasible. Conversely, MP is always an option and you can drop-in anytime. You can also connect with other members and play alongside them should you wish it. My point is, you have a lot of options no matter how you prefer to play the game.IMO-Definitely worth it for its price. If you're in the market for a budget space sim, this is a must buy. With how good its community is and how much content there is to dig into, yes I can confidently say that this is a good game. Just don't get it if you want a game that spoon feeds you or an arcade type of game.Random commentsEdit: I just tried to land on the Alpha Centauri planet. It was only then that I realized that planets also have weather cycles. I was fighting against the wind. ( Bonus points to this game for details like that. )Also the station owner for the Aquila city doesn't want to give me contracts because of my ""reputation""... I'm not sure what I did to♥♥♥♥♥♥the guy off. Maybe it's because I've been making a killing selling diamonds? Dunno (Bonus points for people randomly getting mad at you)Double Edit: I was seriously wondering why my ship wouldn't fly straight even while in outer space. Then I realized: ""Oh, there's a star right beside this station"" then I looked at my GVL and sure enough, there was gravitational pull. (SERIOUS bonus points to the game for this)Last Note: If you find yourself enjoying the game, do yourself a favor and get a flightstick"
,Recommended,398170,29441521,Posted: 23 January,all,RToTheAze,"Easily the best space sim on Steam, the graphics are dated but the overall content and gameplay are unmatched."
76561198033738808,Recommended,398170,20692180,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,gbogy11,"I love this game.Everything Evochron Mercenary is and a whole lot more.Better graphics,crafting,navigation,some ui changes for the better.But mostly I like the Quest lines that you take to learn the game easier than EM.Multiplayer is great and the community is always there to help you.I haven't found any issues,bugs in single or multiplayer.I love the fact that Technology,economy,and territory control is all DYNAMIC :)You decide how you want to play.Play fast combat,slow exploring space,planets,nebulas,or just go fly in a straight line and you never hit a wall...Simply Amazing.Thanks Vice!"
,Recommended,398170,24328697,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,RavenFB,"It is an amazing game. To tell the truth, I'm kinda torn between this and the XBOX One version of Elite. I know them's fightin' words for some folks in these parts, but the simple fact is that the laptop I have barely plays this, and Elite hums along just fine on the XBONE. (Un)fortunately(?), it needs an internet connection, which I don't always have, so I still get some offline play on Legacy.I have to say that the games are very similar in a lot of ways, but the differences really do make all the difference. Legacy is a game where you can really affect phyical changes, building your stations and such. Elite, on the other hand, feels somehow more massive. Evochron has a vastness to it that's largel empty, and you feel that moreso because you can only jump 10 sectors at a time. Deep space exploration is strategic, and requires some rigid planning to ensure you get back to civilization.You can dive into gas giants, and land on pretty much anything you like, provided it doesn't have sufficient surface gravity to crush you.Elite feels like it has more in it, especially as you move coreward. You jump directly from star to star. You know the stars are there, but you still have the rush of being the first person there, and the first person to discover the bodies around those stars. You spend less time just plowing through empty sectors of space looking for stars (which actually kinda makes more sense, if you think about it... we can pretty accurately map stars from Earth, so why does Evochron treat them like some kind of surprise when you stumble upon them??). Deep space exploration is a bit more tactical, in that for the most part, as long as you have a fuel scoop, you won't ever really be stranded. Provided you don't get yourself caught in a system with only a neutron star or some other body that will melt you before you can collect fuel. Your actions influence factions, and the economy, but you can't really CREATE anything of your own. You can land on planets, and it's actually a bit more fun driving the Scarab than it is the Terrain Walker in Evo, but you can't land on (nearly) EVERY planet, and you can't go mining for gasses in the atmospheres of gas giants, or go spelunking inside of massive asteroid caves. So, yes, they are very similar, but they're different enough to merit playing them both. Just so long as you go into both games expecting a learning curve and less-than-new-player-friendly experiences, you'll be fine.Having made the obligatory comparison to Elite, I suppose the real question is whether or not Evochron Legacy stands on its own merits. The simple answer: Yes! Evochron Legacy does the sandbox space sim in its own way, and it really does manage to outstretch its familiarity with other titles. It has a pretty impressive fiction, a broad selection of ships and equipment to choose from, and the ability of create your own cities on planets or spacestations pretty much anywhere you like. Ever wanted to dive into a black hole? Well, with enough practice (and the right black hole!), you can do exactly that.Legacy gives you a lot of toys to play with, and a giant sandbox that even includes a small bit of another galaxy to play with them all in. It really does provide you with opportunities to try your hand at any number of vocations. Bounty hunter? Check! Space Miner? Check! Space Pirate? Double check! Want to join the military to earn access to military ships? Go for it! Want to be a humble trader plowing the star lanes in search of the highest profit margins? The credits are there to be made... just don't forget about those Space Pirates! Want to be a space janitor, cleaning off satellites? Or an industrial spy? Or, try your hand at deep space exploration. Just make sure you go prepared, because you really don't want to end up stranded in deep space! There's a lot to see, and a lot to do.However, the game isn't without its problems. While planets look MUCH better than they did it the predecessor, Mercenaries, they still feel way too small, and they just don't really look that great. While this game has had a significant graphical overhaul from Mercenaries, that game looked plenty dated when it was new, and this one is much the same. It looks several years older than it is. Not a deal breaker for me, but for some folks, that's a pretty tough pill to swallow. Lastly, the online community for this game has some excellent players in it. The problem is that there just aren't enough of them. Servers that you play on for months just suddenly go dark without warning or explanation. While most of the people playing online are great people, there are always a few bad apples, and griefing can be an issue on some servers. There's nothing more disheartening than spending several hours mining resources to build your space station or city, only to come back the next day to find it demolished and replaced with someone else's murderstation waiting to blow you to smithereens. This is particularly egregious if you happened to have saved your game inside that station, as when you load, you will be booted from the station and immediately fired upon. This is why they're nicknamed ""murderstations"" in the first place. The effect of this is that it ends up either discouraging players from building elaborate stations, or encouraging them to blow up stations built by players of the opposing faction to build their own murderstations in their place, begetting yet more griefing. Ultimately, it leads to many players abstaining from a fairly large aspect of game play when their online. I know I personally save my efforts for building bigger stations in my offline game, and only build simple stations for meeting a specific need, simply because I know it most likely won't be there when I return.Lastly, the UI is painful at times. The Nav Map IS awesome, but there's a steep learning curve to really making the most out of it, and until you wrap your head around it, it's frustrating.Final word: If you have any interest in space exploration, if you ever played Wing Commander: Privateer and loved that, or Freelancer, or if you like space game in general, this is a recommend. I especially recommend it if you're one of those people that wants to play Elite: Dangerous, but don't have a computer that can run it or don't always have internet access, as this game runs on a pretty modest system and can play completely offline. I also HIGHLY recommend playing this game with a HOTAS flight stick. It really adds a layer of depth, and gives you a precise level of control that makes this go from a game to a pretty awesome, if stylized, simulation. I can't recommend this if you frustrate easily, or if you need constant action in your games. While you can, in theory, get ""constant action"" in Legacy, you'll find a pretty shallow experience that way, and other games do it better.Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 6/10Sound: 8/10Story: 8/10 (though that includes the comprehensive story of the Evochron/Arvoch universe!)Replay: 1/10, though that's only because there's little reason to ever stop playing your character to need a replay to       begin with.Controls: 9/10, with HOTAS 5/10 withoutFinal Verdict: Highly recommended"
76561197961558408,Recommended,398170,24981485,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,twitch/ThesaurusRexT/,"Great simulation of ""being a spaceship pilot."" Make your own destiny in an open ended universe. construct buildings in space and on planets. Mine asteroids and planets for money or resources. Take randomly generated side jobs/quests, follow the story, or forget the quests and just fly around. I've spent more time on playing chicken with Stars than I should admit.The basic controls are intuitive, but also super complex - you will use every button your keyboard and mouse and joystick have, to balance your energy settings, direct your shields, reroute energy from weapons to sheilds or vice versa.Run a server, or play singleplayer, or take your singleplayer character into a public server.Land on plaents, and launch into space with no loading screens. Get rich in space doing space stuff. 11/10"
76561197961215927,Recommended,398170,30256562,Posted: 1 March,all,Myztkl©-Kev,"Don't even need many hours to recommend this game. It's a evolution of Evochron Mercenary which was a hell of a game. At first glance it doesn't look like much, but there's a lot of depth to this space sim, and real newtonian flight if you disable the assists with no speed cap! this game does what all other space sims are scared to do for the sake of streamlined gameplay, this is about as realistic as you'll get in that sense. Definitely recommend for space sim ethusiasts."
76561198047147616,Recommended,398170,22417892,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,glazer,"All i can say is the chap who has made this game happen has hes head screwed on :D anyway if he keeps adding content to this game i will consider persanly funding him. This has to be one of a kind space sims thats out today and i can see a future with this game if he keeps adding content to it making it richer and fulling.Yes there is a little learning curve to start but OMG when u put time into it and getting past that WOW!.so keep up the great work m8 i for 1 realy apreciate the effort and dedication you have put into this so far and yes i am one of many, and im sure others will agree will back you up all the way.If anyone is wanting a fantastic space sim where you want to do almost anything till your hearts desire then get this game and just play it, you will not be disapointed. This game has to be the only game i have every come across and played that not only is well optimized but will run on almost anything with out a problem.The graphics are beond amazing i cant wait to see what comes next added to it.You want to explore ? no problem, you want to build? no problem, you want to have a great tradeing experiance ...hehe no problem. Fly from space to planets with no loading screens on a mistion maybe or you just want to go and have a bit of an explore cause you were flying past in space and thought oh wow!, lets go take a closer look. The game has carming background music that is a pleasure to listen to on your travels. Pick up mistions, Trade, and many other mistions that will or can fit into your play stile may that be from space to planet or planet to space who knows where your exploration will take you. seak out new areas, build your very owne space station in space, upgrade your ship with improved parts and fit it out how you want, make your ship look how you want it to look to fit your needs. Evochron legacy is like star trek and elitedangerous combined with a Freelancer feel and playstile to it giving you full 3D exploration and controll. Everything down to the controlls can be user defined this inclueds useing a joystik or oculas / vr up to you but i persanly yous keyboard and mouse and guys trust me when i say it works great either way.The game has a well dedicated advance full tutorial that new players can do before you get into the actual game to start your adventures teaching you every aspect from flight to every system interface helping to make full use of it all as you go. Ill i can say is just get the game and try it and you will love it either way you will not be disapointed to what it has to offer, I cant realy say much more im not trying to sell the game by anymeans im just giving you guys an indepth understanding of my experiance of Evochrone legacy and trust me ive play 100s of mmorpg ranging from adventure fantasy be it shooter up to and beyond space sims and would 100% recomend this space sim if you are a space fan to anyone no matter what reviews i might read about as ive tested it for my self.Good luck guys and girls i wish you all a fantastic voidge during your travels. Oh did i menstion that you can choose to play in single player or multiplayer as you wish withought looseing any progress :P. good luck see you in game"
76561198062348437,Recommended,398170,20874245,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tr1gg3r,"This, coming from someone whose done his homework trawling through review & forum sites prior to my decision on what game to buy.im not going to review gameplay etc previous reviews have nailed that.I was sort of waiting for Stellaris or similar openworld spacey sim with planetary colonisation aspects to be released, but during my research i came across the Starwraith 3d games evochron series, which looked interesting and at not a greedy price. Hmm delve bit deeper, read reviews & joined their forum to get a truer sense of the game, developer & community.Overview of impression i got from forum:-1 man developer - knows, cares & continually supports, improves his products. hes not greedy 'compare prices of elite etc' updates, mods, dlc etc is free. no ridiculously priced addons.The amount of bugs & glitches that have been identified & fixed already is awesome, even some improvements put forward by the community have been introduced already, with lots more being discussed.The community are kool, friendly, helpful & more importantly active both ingame & forum. not to mention some clearly talented modders.At end of day, just download the full demo and see for yourself, yep full game with time limit demo with full functionality, not some featureless lite demo :)"
76561198146394141,Recommended,398170,21569188,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sergalicious,Words cannot describe how good Evochron Legacy is. It is not just game. It is an experience.
76561198034629407,Recommended,398170,29196936,Posted: 11 January,all,LetoAtreides2,Wonderful full-Newtonian flight engine - best I've seen in a modern space sim.  It's simply a joy to fly around and (especially) get into combat.  Completing contracts and warring with the opposing faction is rewarding and engaging - especially when you flip a system/sector to your faction's control.  Ships are interesting and fun to customize (you can even mess around with their appearance).I'd highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,398170,20769113,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Baly,"I really like games like these. I have played over 20 hours so far, and I did not have to fire a single shot. It most sandboxes you are always forced to do combat at some point, but you can just avoid it here. Though from what I've heard, the combat is actually pretty excellent, thanks to the great flight model the game has. But instead I mine, trade, craft, explore and trade, and it really is nice to have those options.Be aware, though, the game doesn't push you towards any particular objective. It has some contracts and quests, but you set the objective ultimately. I'm telling this, because sometimes people are looking for games where they are given objectives, and are disappointed when the game doesn't do that."
76561198026098364,Recommended,398170,20669003,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Deep Thought,I realy like this gameIt may take you some time to get the hang of it but its worth the time !I would advise you try the demo firsthttp://www.starwraith.com/to see if its for youI would put this game somewhere between Elite and  XTerran conflict
,Recommended,398170,33116744,Posted: 1 July,all,n1ckn4m3,"An iteration on the previous game, Evochron Mercenary -- a great space 4X game in the vein of things like the X series, except all done on a quicker scale and from the cockpit.  A worthy successor to Mercenary and a great game overall if you like the concept of space exploration / trading / mining / building / racing / combat.The seamless universe is enticing -- going from a space station to a planet, landing and then docking at the planet is all done without a loading screen.Past that, the developer is responsive and thorough -- I had an issue due to trying to play the game on an extremely niche portable computer and the dev was responsive and reactive to troubleshooting on the support forums and ended up getting the issue fixed.  Not only is it a great game, but the person behind it seems top notch as well."
76561197993846315,Recommended,398170,21160914,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,b4ry,"Actually, I didn't wait for the discount because I think that the guy who is responsible for this great game deserves it."
76561197992786520,Recommended,398170,22608345,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,markmichalik,"It has a potential to be fantastic space simulator but in current state is not worth to spend your money.Tons of bugs, crashes randomly all the time, after many hours of stuggle my pilot profile just disappeared from the roster.I should read more about this game before purchase, apparently other players have same issues. I have tried many of the ""solutions"" I found on various forums but no luck. Just waste of time and money.Stay awayI would like to update my review. My initial reaction was the result of frustration after I have lost all day trying to make it work and losing my pilot in the end. But because I have seen a potential of the game I kept trying. I did have AMD Raptr runing in my system but disabling it did not sove the problem, I tried to disable firewall, no luck there.  Than I started changing settings in Xonar DX audio center. I am not sure which one was causing the problem since I have changed more than one at once but after I did the game is running flawlessly. I have played for many hours then, and  I am enjoying it more and more every hour. I really appreciate the developer responding so quickly trying to help. I hope my comment may give some other players a hint how to solve that problem and be able to enjoy the Evochron universe the way I do now."
,Recommended,398170,20955052,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,benjbrun,"It looks good. It feels good. It is good.Get it.A space simulator that plays and feels like a space simulator. You can customize your spacecraft and wow... Once you get enough money to get the ship of your wet dreams, it just feels good. Don't like the combat? Go mining. Do some cargo deliveries. Explore stuff.There's a lot to it and I can't describe it all. Yeah, the tutorial is long and the combat training isn't really something you want to remember, but... After that? Your free to do whatever you want. I didn't try the multiplayer (yet), but the singleplayer is quite beautiful to. Nobodys killing you out of nowhere, if you're not dumb enough to fly into hostile territory.One last thing - It's a space simulator. Don't expect to fly like a jet and going with your finger on the fire button the whole time. Don't even think about jumping into an enemy squadron and battle it out. If you lack the patience to actually learn the game... Look at some videos about it on youtube. It's certainly not for everyone, but I think that this one can give you a huge sandbox the dig in for a long time."
,Recommended,398170,32851760,Posted: 27 June,all,Space Rof from Space in Space,"(disregard my clocked hours, I've spent most of my time playing the demos and in steam offline mode)The game definitely doesn't hold your hand, so I VERY strongly recommend playing the demo to see if you like it or not.Is this game for everyone? God no.Was this game for me? God yes.Do I recommend it? Hard to tell, I can't say if you'll like it or not, but if you're like me, with a thing for extensive controls, newtonian flight and a big freaking universe with actual stuff outside populated space, you're doing yourself a disservice by not trying it."
76561198206060272,Recommended,398170,26170814,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,DuX,This game is epic. The fact that it was made by one guy is wild. There is so much stuff to see and it is beatiful. Its no tripple a graphical beauty but it is still glorious to look at. Flying mechanics are hard to get at first but improve as you get used to things. There is lots of options for upgrading/building ships. I paid full price for this game and have put in like 7 hours. Despite having only put in that amount of time the game is worth every penny. INCREDIBLE!
,Recommended,398170,21640159,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[RIP]Snowfox(IKA),"While this will never be close to games like Star Citizen in terms of visual fidelity, the feature set and replayability value are definitely worth supporting this project. Learning curve is a bit steep but if you follow through, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,398170,20764420,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,DeathTech,"10 / 10!!!Why? Do I hear you mumble?Because my dear friend, this is a space game. A space trading / combat game. Technicaly its a sim and not a game since its sandbox and without story. But who realy cares about semantics at this point.This game is one of the best space trading sims I have ever seen.Sure it has some bugs but it definitely deserves your money more than money hungry thieving rascals such as Elite: Dangerous.Lets just go into some specifics of why you should buy this game if not already convinced by my beautifull 10/10.Space. ✓Lots of space ✓No Loading screens ✓Seamless flight to and from planets ✓Building space stations ✓Space clouds (nebula) ✓Fully customisable ships ✓Fully customisable weapons ✓Headtracking ✓Works for occulus ✓Looking arround in cockpits ✓Beautifull graphics ✓At moment of writing less than 1 GB ✓Newtonian Physics ✓Mining asteroids/planets/space clouds ✓Contracts and quests ✓Multiplayer CO-OP / PVP with the possibility of owning and hosting your own MP server ✓At moment of writing less than 18 GBP ✓Friendly devs who can and will help you with bugs / issues aswell as listend to their customers ✓If you are not into any of all that then you are a sad and deeply disturbed person to whom I have no desire to speak with any further.Unless you are just not into space games, then I forgive you.But on a serious note now. This is one of the best spacegames I have ever seen, and I am comparing this with games such as freelancer and despite all of the awesomeness freelancer was, I would pick this game over freelancer. And that. Is achievement worthy."
,Recommended,398170,20636105,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Pro1ooLLo,"I love Evochron Mercenary so much, and this game even better."
76561197981878665,Recommended,398170,20647401,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,[TC3080] Jefdenbosaap,"Really nice sandbox spaceship game. Very high learning curve, and only for people who absolute love this kind of game. If you are looking for a cheap game to play 30 minutes after work or school, this isn't the one for you. If you want to spend a couple of hours training yourself in flying your ship and familiarizing yourself with all the controls and features, and you love space-themed games, then go ahead and buy this game.One big downside: game crashed 4 times already while i was playing on day 1."
,Recommended,398170,26567247,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Erkenfresh,"It's a rather realistic space sim. The flight controls feel exactly like how I would imagine future spacecraft would do it. The universe is huge. You will never visit every sector in the game with millions of possible places to visit. A great deal of that is empty, but there are supposed to be many hidden systems out there in the black.The graphics are not the best out there, but it can still be awe inspiring. The nebulae look fantasic, and the bright globes of the planets are quite amazing. The fact that you can fly down to the surface of the planet is nice too, but there's not a high amount of detail once you land.As for money, mining is a great way to make money in the early game, but that is far outshone when you can scan down cargo containers. It seems to make any other form of making money obsolete. So, the focus of the game isn't really about your own economics, like it is for other sims.I never much got into the combat part of the game because every time I tried, I got destroyed within seconds. I souped up my defensive capabilities and lasted about twice as long. So, I just kind of gave up on that. Evochron Legacy is all about making the game realistic, so going up against a pack of fighters alone is always going to get you killed. You can hire other ships to join you as a fleet however, which should help even the odds.You can also build stations, but there is no personal benefit to doing so. You get a place to refill your fuel and sell your goods, but in no way do you manage the station, or profit from the other mercs using it. It would be nice to see at least a little profit from building one.I'll also touch on one last point. The sound in the game is a bit bland. The merc and station chatter is pretty good, but otherwise there isn't much going on in that department.Overall, I think the game is quite impressive, but it just wasn't that fun to me. It is surprising that in such a huge universe, I felt like I didn't have much to do. The flight controls are really interesting and can be quite fun, but its novelty can wear off. If you have the patience to explore and you get a sense of fulfillment for discovering secrets, then this game is right up your alley. However, if you're looking for a space sim to build an empire, exploit marketing trends for money, or have a more arcade style combat experience, then this game is not for you."
76561198008819965,Recommended,398170,20901161,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Free Roberto,"It would be nice if the game had the sort of end-game of x3, where you can amass whole trade fleets and build stations that produce income and goods.  Oh and flyable cap ships.  Then this game would have everything I could want out of a space game.As it is, it has plenty of features (some of which are mostly absent in the genre, ie. planetary landings/gas giant entry), it runs great, has a reasonable asking price, and the dev is very involved with the game, listens to the community, and updates frequently.  The game is great now, and will only get better."
76561198027309050,Recommended,398170,20745640,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Suds & Soda,Good graphic and sound.Reminds me to x3:AP but here you can fly and build on the planets too.Sorry for my bad English
76561198172267333,Recommended,398170,24786516,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,stavrotheo72,"only played for 4 hrs yup. ( cause i work too much ) but what I HAVE played so far is AWSOME , the Devs realy put his heart into this game and thats nice to see for once, especialy since its just ONE guy. keep it up."
76561198026945678,Recommended,398170,20650203,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Saming,I enjoy this game much more than elite.
76561198130718608,Recommended,398170,20633281,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Overclocked,"Great space sim!! 350mb download, very well optimized and tons of stuff to do.  Getting around 200fps on max everything (specs on profile),  This is Mercenary x10, awesome hidden gem and sets the high bar for the space sim genre!!"
,Recommended,398170,20819536,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,What,I was skeptical as the game looks a little bit date compared to ED or Star Citizen but I'm very pleased with the detailed gameplay of this.
76561197978853811,Recommended,398170,23314982,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ana Tw,"I do not write so many reviews... but.... sometimes I feel that I have to do it and this game is one of those times.I don't know where I can start. I want to say that we are living an era where space games are massive... Don't get me wrong,  space games where massive 20 years ago but now we are starting to have seamless space games where you can go wherever you want and now even land on planets...There's out there games doing this already...even sandbox games...some of them in alpha state and others in work in progress like star citizen... or games like Elite with the planetary dlc... but this game is so much more than this... it feels real... maybe because the newtonian flight maybe because landing on an a planet is something beautiful.. the planets of this game are gorgeus...massives... there's no loading screen in the landing process...everything happen in real time... your spaceship is also made by frames... and there's a lot frames that you can mix...so there's an infinite amount of combinations that you can have as a player based in which way do you want to play...if you want to play as a trader or pirate or in any other way.There's only one thing I can say... if you are a human and you want to see what is out there because you have the human curiosity try this game... is going to blow your mind and right now is the only game that is fully complete with all this seamless freedom.Thanks."
,Recommended,398170,20766003,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,morlacciam,"Honestly, this game is so intricate and open I was surprised I stuck with it. But there is so much room for this to grow from the great job they have already done. Worth the $20"
,Recommended,398170,30889889,Posted: 1 April,all,OneSurvivor,"Ok, I gave this game another chance, and I have to say I am enjoying it so far. The learning curve is extremely steep, which scared me at first. But I have come to the realization you actually don't need to know a lot in order to play the game (but God help me if I ever get caught in combat). For example, you just need the basics of flight and the general idea of how to get money, and you a good to good to go.You can play this mouse and keyboard (like I am doing) but probably having a controller or a joystick would make the ships far easier to control.Still need to get the hang of light speed, several times now I have got light speed into a solid object.Funnily enough, you can hit the space station an be fine directly after a lightspeed, but not an astroid. And again, one of the best devs around, you can see he responded personally to my original review, which was negative."
76561198000262723,Recommended,398170,20786278,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,tes,"i recommend Evochron Legacy to anyone who miss any depth regarding the flight simulation aspects of Elite Dangerous.the controls are insomuch complex. it's a pure heaven for simulator fans.hell, the whole keyboard layout is bound to diverse flight, targeting and system controls.newtonian physics including gravitation effects seems to be authentic.planet landings requires a specific velocity range to dive through the atmosphere, otherwise your ship burn up.you can travel from system to system without loading screens.ship-to-ship trading is also possible, either with other players or npc's.gameplaywise there is no real target, that's the nature of  sandbox games.there exists two faction quest series which teach you navigation, mining, trading, combat, building and offers a bit direction at the beginning.after that you have to set your own goals.space stations and planetary cities offer various contracts from delivery jobs, racing, hunting, planetary defense against meteors.i didn't tried all opportunities yet (for example: engineering, fleet commandeering in sp, ship customizing or building).i'll stop here.no doubt, Evochron Legacy is not for everyone, but for flight sim fans and sandbox fans for sure.before you burn too much gametime and exceed steam's refund requirements, try the demo fromhttp://www.starwraith.com/evochronlegacy/downloads.htm---EDIT:since update 1.0128 it is possible to span huge distances through inertia mode (drifting) without fuel consumption."
76561197994810685,Recommended,398170,20737851,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,jmor675,"You can land on planets and collect birds, how cool is that?Seriously, this game has huge and steep learning curve.  Even for someone like me that has been playing games like Elite, Freelancer, and the X series, this was a real challenge to learn.  The game physics are pretty hard to get used to, but are probably closer to space flight than most ofther space sims out there.It is completely open ended, similar to Mount and Blade.  Highly recommend, you will be sucked into the void for hours on end."
76561197990801230,Not Recommended,398170,20744174,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Piorn,"I keep buying these games because I really like the idea. It's the same game as Evochron:Mercenaries, and I really tried to like that game as well, but it just never goes anywhere.Unfortunately, it just ends up with the most cynical and blatant grind I can imagine. There is nothing to achieve, other than tiny profits that repeat forever. Other games might put up the pretense of context or achievement, but this game is the equivalent of pushing a button to increase a number for hours. It is as rewarding as opening the windows calculator and adding +1 until you reach a million.I hate it because it makes me aware I'm wasting my time with video games. It instills a sense of Nihilism that I've never felt before."
,Recommended,398170,20730688,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Erasmus,"WAY BETTER THAN ELITE DANGEROUS, BOTH OF THEM."
76561198307897353,Recommended,398170,28113726,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,N_,"This is a really deep game. It offers many options based on play style. However, the graphics really are not that great, especially compared to other space sims."
76561198234489844,Recommended,398170,21379961,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Pausedmenu,"If you love space sims, then you will fall in love with this game. This game adds a ton of gameplay with absolutely no loading screens. Also, the combat is really fun once you get the hang of it. It has a nice large playing space, and the dynamic enviroment well keep you entertained for hours.There is a steep learning curve however, I'm roughly 14 hrs into it, and I'm still trying to get the hang of some of the more fine details of the controls.  There are a few minor glitches here and there, but nothing game breaking.One request I may make with the modding community would be a star trek mod. I believe the Star Trek universe would flow well here. Even a Star Wars mod would be pretty awesome as well.Overall, this game is absolutely gorgeous in almost every aspect. I hope this game gets more positive attention, down the road, because it sure as hell deserves it,"
76561197984222120,Recommended,398170,20714507,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Drunk Monk Meth-,most definitely the best space sim game out.. very easy on the computer.there is alot to do.-trade-made-dog fights-warzones-disputed zones-enemy territories-trading routes.- easy to play with others.. still lacking players but will pick up because it really is a top game.-deep level of ship customization you buy a hull and basically add everything on to it.. and also organize how its designed (i.e : for mining trading you'd make a bigger cargo. but if you were a merc or fighter you'd have less cargo and more shield or equip slots.)-custom weapons (can create your own weapons)-can craft your own eqiupmentthe space and physics are brilliant as are the lighting. im enjoying the game.. every time ive jumped on ive discovered something new and done something new and had awesome adventure and made credits! its awesome running into another player in a station and going off to do the same contract.. specifically in the warzones where every contract is a dog fight of some sort or taking down a battleship.. ooh yeah there are battleships as well. huge ones.. and you can buy one and dominate space with it. bigger the ship more add ons you can have but it will be slower and less agile obviously.overall top game.. more people should buy it.. as it stand smost ppl pick the alliance faction on default instead of federation so pvp isn't constant.
76561198010177451,Recommended,398170,20786649,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dessnr,"I'd write a long winded review about how great this game is and why I would pick it over ED, but I don't need too.  Others have already beat me to it.Thanks for a great game Vice.Shaun from Australia."
76561198067384642,Recommended,398170,20665270,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Groparu,Freelancer + X3 + Elite DangerousI am HAPPY!
,Recommended,398170,20647730,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sir. Lovi,Enjoyed Freelancer? Want more? Definitely try Evochron Legacy!Btw. The mining is really satisfying..
76561198020027165,Recommended,398170,33985903,Posted: 2 August,all,Havoc SC,"Good game, loads of options. lots to explore. overall a good game to sink some time into if you want.the combat. in the right ship makes all the difference.but getting hit has to be the most annoying thing I have ever seen/heard. makes my head hurt."
76561198020961967,Recommended,398170,20919969,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,MMiicckkyy,"An incredible game. Rich in detail and game-play.It takes a while to learn everything but very rewarding once learnt and this game is actually fun learning. It has the best tutorial I have ever seen in a game and there are very good youtube tutorials too.The controls are beautifully done for mouse and keyboard (I have only used m+kb)The graphics aren’t your multimillion game graphics but never the less are colour rich, crisp and imo gorgeous.The sound is great, along with a relaxing, space feeling soundtrack.This game is everything I have been looking for in a space trading game for years.Oh and did I mention it has planetary landing.10/10."
76561198181149175,Recommended,398170,24868682,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kittenstan,"This game is a good game! It's a good game because it allows you to do what you want, and my only complaint is graphics!"
76561197990258343,Recommended,398170,21216010,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,BlackScorpion,"4 hours of gaming only you'll notice, BUT.....I remember the C-64 days, where the game Elite made me dream! I had to understand how it works, read the booklet entirely and ask friends how this and this worked...Now todays games, are.... 'easy'.... low learning curve, in the mean that most of space games are 'easy' to learn to play with... also, today's games, are showing of beautiful graphics, but a time being where only wires where drew, the games that time where used to suck way more game hours of today's games.Here's the point: I found this same sensation back with Evochron Legacy, a game I never heard of (shame to me, but why? There's no marketing around!!!!). Now with EL I find back a certain complexity, freedom, and FUN playing a game that throws me over 25 years back (damn that makes me old!!!!).Yes, todays graphics are way better, but, the question is: does a game entertain you through its GRAPHICHS or CONTENT....? Both you'll tell me, but if you had a choice to make, pretty sure you'd chose its CONTENT, for your entertainment... and EL brings it! I played HOURS Elite Dangerous & Horizon, and at a certain degree I HAVE to admit, as big ELITE fan, that there's not much inside it (don't smash my head off!).Evochron Legacy opens just everything of interest! In Elite you don't really 'EXPLORE', here in Evochron Legacy, you have to fly around and use your eyes, where in Elite Dangerous you just bought the best scanner, hit the button and OH see there, all Planets, moons and stars of the system if any, show up..... No thanks!Of course, I lost (is it really lost?!) to go though some tutorials, but hell its worth it, and the more I read and see, the more the game just becomes interesting!So, done for NERDS only? Maybe I'd say yes.... cause it's definitely NOT an everyone’s open public space game... it's more a space SIM.... and who says SIM, discards the word ARCADE and includes of course some knowledge to achieve.Do I recommend that game? Depends.... if you want it all done in 5 minutes, leave it! If you are like me and love the old-style games, let's say HARD and entertaining, then YES, definitely.... YES.Again, graphics aren't the most important, even if it's all but ugly, if you're not puberty FPS frenzy, you'll enjoy it!One man project, hell, what a MAN!!!!! *THUMBS UP*EDIT: just bought and sell some stuff ingame, and I'm now even able to MINE, and land on planets to sell it all..... as on stations :-) :-) Hell, the game just ROCKS!!!!! Wonder how long Star Citizen will take to finally release the final game. Also, how long will will Elite D. take to get sooo much entertainement inside?! :-) :-)CheersEDIT...... 4 hours later..... the more I play it, the more I love it! Might be stupid to say, but hell, I really feel as I was a kid a loooong time being discovering and playing elite ^^ Don't you? I DO!EDIT 2....... after the first 6-7 hours of gameplay, I started the Quests (the 1st one....) and just finished it! The tutorial (quests) are well done, pleasent, and you have sometimes to put some effort into it, but never you'll be lost a t a point not knowing what to do anymore. Over 13 hours now, still in love with! The community is helpfull and nice!!EDIT 3: ..... 18 hours past, and I'm still stuck in my chair, flying around, missioning around, preparing to build some stations and going out for real exploration. If I'd stop here, I'd say it was the little money worth of... but.... I WON'T STOP! :-)"
,Recommended,398170,22302955,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gunner,Awesome! How did this series slip under my radar!?
76561198112152551,Recommended,398170,20626806,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,[DR.]DEATH,"I just want to say get this game if you have always wanted to experience what it would be like to live in space as a mercernary/entrepeuner/master space pilot and dont mind going through the traing mode.  First off the feeling your in space is real and you might feel overwhelmed, but dont worry youll love it. Picture all the great science fiction spcae movies you love and the one most recent to come to mind isthat nolan movie he just made about being in space.  WEll thats exactly what you get here its as real as i can imagine it being with all the little painstaking details you would find in ever george lucas film and discovery special about space travel in the future.  The game to me has perfect physics and the graphics are gorgeous, and the file size is only 300 some megs.  The game runs as smooth as butter and thats on my i5 2.2ghz  intel hd 4400 laptop.  So the game by the way is humongous actually its like fallout 4 in space or arma in space but with futuristic space objectives to accomplish and its very challenging .  No doubt its definitly one of my favorite games of all time so do yourself a favor and buy it if you want to feel like matthew mccaughney in that nolan spacemovie but more badass."
,Recommended,398170,20744919,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,rideronthewaves,"The only problem with this game is that when your cat jumps on your keyboard, you`re dead."
76561197990122944,Recommended,398170,25409137,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,silverkobra,"This is a very good game. I know that it is mainly a ship simulator which does much more than that, but somehow because of those much more features I feel it needs even more =) Like diving with the ship, more planets with more animals or tribes. Flying the ship and dog fighting, the responsive trade model and the design and building features are exemplary. The exploration part is, for me, somehow lacking because of the above: you can land on planets, but it's not worth it to do so. I am not saying that every planet should be inhabited, that is nonsensical, but it would be a very cool feeling to find various animals, maybe primitive tribes and so on on some planets. Finding those would be really, really cool experience and also unique if not too many planets have it."
76561198040375997,Recommended,398170,20737954,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cosmic Castaway A90,"Evochron Legacy takes everything from Mercenary and brings it to the next level. Although that next level is more of a smaller yet confident step, rather than a full blown leap forward. Everything and more from the previous title is here, including trading, combat, mining, exploration, in depth navigation and ship piloting systems, as well as new systems for station and city construction. Graphics are vastly improved and make ships look less like blobs of textures. It won't beat Elite Dangerous on looks anytime soon, but it surely beats it for depth and a low price. For space flight sim fans who have been wanting something a little more challenging and realistic Legacy is a no brainer, esspecially if this is your first Evochron game. That begs the question if it's worth a purchase from veterans of Mercenary. With the discount you can get if you owned Mercenary I'd say yes. And when you compare this to Elite Dangerous, this costs a fraction of what that early access title costs. And landing on planets is in the game from the start, no need to buy a ridiculous early access DLC that costs $60. Download the demo on the website first to see if the game is for you however, as the tutorial is long and very detailed. It can be hard to get past the first few hours of the game, but if you stick with it you'll be rewarded with a space sim that compares to very few titles that are currently out."
,Recommended,398170,21105338,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,OTF.That_Taffer,"Review will come this weekend.A great in depth space sim with one unfortunate quirk - joystick input can get a bit hairy.Details to come (in light of the accidental controversy I caused in my Slime Rancher 'joke review', I've decided to make this a thing. I am reviewing games now. It will be amazing and no one else ever does this.)"
,Recommended,398170,20674143,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MSTRSwarley,Pretty awesome so far. Pretty steam learning curve though. But worth it.
76561198149351163,Recommended,398170,26764086,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jankules,"Very good space sim game in Elite Style,done by one man!"
76561198023498620,Recommended,398170,29500665,Posted: 26 January,all,Brad Hedgehog,its a fun game. but i would like it if we can be able to hire military class space craft. just the fighters but not the battleships unless your at the militry rank of Admiral.
,Recommended,398170,21520011,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jadeia,"This is the game Star Citizen, Elite Dangerous and others tried to make.It has the complexity of Eve Online, but with the immersion of Elite Dangerous. This game is going to consume a LOT of my time."
76561198019546707,Recommended,398170,20780402,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Floyd,What Elite Dangerous wish is was.
76561198052971534,Recommended,398170,34760134,Posted: 5 September,all,kevin398_727,"this is the second Evoncron game I bnought, mainly to see how its changed sicne the last one. The graphics arent the best and the details on ships and stations arent either, but one man makes it, if he had a team working with him we could complain more. I was told this is his idea of a great space sim..fine...I applaud anyone who works to see their dreams come true. So basically its a one man Indy title and he adds somethign every few years and brings out another one. Not too abd actually. Not what I was looking for but for fighter pilots of middle age or so its OK, young people tend to want to rush through things, you cant do that here, its a nice even and slow progression game, so if thats your style go for it. High Speed flights and fights arent here verything takes a little time...you know...like Reality."
76561198261066527,Recommended,398170,26364270,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),better than x series in my opinion best space sim game out on steam there is so much to do and has a nice tutorial... this is better than x3 terran by quite a lot
76561198045331291,Recommended,398170,21957000,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,kjkim98105,Great game!
76561198028351522,Recommended,398170,21672517,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Windamere,I really wanted to give this an awesome review because the flight physics of this game are phenomal!! But..Unfortunately that is the only thing this game has going for it..Where to start...The Good - Well like stated the flight physics are great and exactly what one would expect from a space flight..Even the physics of planetary flight...Gravitational effects...atmospheric effects...Now the bad - which pretty much covers the rest of the game.The graphics - some parts are ok but others like planet features are so 1990's...All the stations are exactly the same.The universe - On a 2d plane with some UGP(universal galactic plane) where you align to plane and are on same level with every single station in the universe....really bad.Jump Gates - Seriously (Another game trying to be like Eve Online) Learn from Elite Dangerous in this respect...doesn't matter where you leave a map from....it's where you ener the next map thats most important. Oh and speaking of gates...ships always crashing into you as you either entering or exiting gate.Build Constructor for building stations - Absolute crap...build something in the wrong place...yeah screwed can't move it or even remove it..Modules don't even need be connected.Ship Modules...It's ok but...kinda boring and not enough explaination.Not enough explaination or direction of the whole game seeing as it has been around 16 years beginning with Star Wraith / Arvoch Series in year 2000.And in closing - it is worth the 24.99USD price tag just for the flight sim...but it probably won't hold anyone's interest for long enough to build a universe...Even the public Multiplayer servers are empty of players.
76561197970371516,Recommended,398170,20626234,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mavor,Its a new Evochron. Nuff said. =)
,Recommended,398170,21555932,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stoli,"It's a lot like dust II, it's very confusing everyone is screaming at me I don't know what I'm doing the plot line is very confusing so I uninstalled it But apparently a lot of people like that sort of thing I guess.I mean I pay a dominatrix to beat me with a whip so I can't judge really."
,Recommended,398170,27990138,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Moostafa,"I haven't played Legacy as much as the other Evochron games, but it is what I have wanted in a space sim for a long time! it was scratching the itch for what NMS was advertising long before the NMS hype started. I can't and won't beat a dead horse as far as my review as I feel the other recommendations for this game have hit the nail on the head already."
76561198006589443,Not Recommended,398170,21866776,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Jaydee,"This is a game for the space pilots out there.Tried to get into it but found it tedious.Mastering the flight controls isn't all that taxing but there's not a lot to do really.The missions are boring, requiring you to travel great distances.Mining is tedious.It's a good game, just not for me.Another spreadsheet space sim with dated graphics."
,Not Recommended,398170,35462586,Posted: 3 October,all,Monkeymen87,To the vast majority I would not recommend.
76561198027870067,Not Recommended,398170,24244315,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,captianfisty,"The flight mechanics and spaceship customization are really, really cool and I really enjoy the complex controls, it makes me feel like i'm really flying a ship. I even installed voice attack (a program that maps voice commands to keypresses) to try to make it more immersive and realistic. The same thing is wrong with thtis game as so many other space sims. It is a mile wide, but a foot deep. There is nothing to do, much like elite dangerous. While this game has a few more mechanics than elite dangerous, like building space stations and cities, it still feels like a really cheap version of elite dangerous. The missions are extremely repetitive and consist of:Go here and shoot these asteriodsDeliver X thing to Y placeDeliver X thing to Y place quicklyDefend X ship from enemyDestroy X shipClean a solar panelAnd that's it. You can do some trading I suppose, but honestly it's not anything special from other space sims. The mining consists of fly to these asteroids. press alt+b. Wait. Fly to station. repeat. And even if you do this, who cares? You get to upgrade your ship. If you have fun upgrading ships to get money faster, I suppose it could be fun to you. It just feels really, really empty, and, honestly the most importatnt thing, I don't have fun while playing. I wouldn't recomend to someone looking to have an adventure in space."
,Recommended,398170,33940439,Posted: 31 July,all,Turretvista,I don't understand it.But it's amazing.
76561198078524860,Recommended,398170,29580317,Posted: 29 January,all,Chesty Cough Liquid,Best meteor shooting simulator since Asteroids (1979)
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,398170,22683751,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,stuguy909,"The starwraith boys have been around for a while.  While they had their original games around 2005, I was playing titles like X3.  I stumbled upon this game while browsing XRebirth forums.  Not a fan of XRebirth either, that game sucks too.There is a lot of good about this game, truly.  I would almost recommend it because it is a solid space flight game.  It certainly flies better than XRebirth.  You can also customize your own ship.  The combat isn't too bad, in fact, it is pretty damn good.  You can also fly into planet atmospheres.  The game has a lot of potential, and that's where it ends.Like I said, this developer has been making space games for over a decade.  The graphics are about as antiquated as they were in 2005.  The station designs are terrible.  The UI is like something from a 1990's DOS game.  The universe is big, and the exploration can be fun, however, there is a whole lot of absolutely nothing out there.  I realize that's how space is, but even in sectors that should have stuff, they repeat the same clusters of crap over and over, and it is very boring.Trade stations are pointless.  The wares don't make sense, they just randomly are there.  Market values are random too, but change when you buy and sell goods at the station you deal with.  Finding components you want on your ship can be challenging too.  It's random that a station will have what you need.  So it can take time for a station to get what you want, or time for you to travel to all stations.I'd say something like, the game is in beta, or alpha, or it needs polish, but it is in full release.  It is a complete rebuild of Evochron Mercenary, literally the same universe with changed location coordinates.  I spoke with the developers about getting some leverage in modifying some game elements outside of save files, art, and UI, and it's like pulling teeth.  The radar system in the game is terrible, and the devs want to keep it that way because of game balancing issues and design limitations that would require an overhaul.Like I said, the game has good points to it, like muliplayer and combat.  Flight is interesting, and they just about do it right.  I really felt immersed in that cockpit.  However, the UI, AI, and terrible game universe really ruined immersion for me.  I will hang on to the game just in case it becomes mod friendly in the future."
76561198066117282,Recommended,398170,31348077,Posted: 24 April,all,marcusb1976,This is a masterpeice of a space simulator!!
76561198135129275,Not Recommended,398170,24178952,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,kando,After having played this game Evochron LEGACY for 33 hours I can say that I could not recommend it. The play itself is slow. The money you can build up is quick if you mine and increase your cargo space so that was ok. Getting from one quadrant to another was just a nightmare deal. The navigation is too complicated. The space docking boring and game play on line with others was none existant.I'm sorry but this game needs a complete overhaul. I know it's just one person band and perhaps that is the problem. It's only being seen through one set of eyes.I'll just wait for squadron 42 to come out from star citizen.
76561198076527666,Not Recommended,398170,23641561,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Malvolion,"I can't recommend this game for anyone but the most die-hard fans of agonizingly complicated space sims. To complete bad tutorial alone you need at least 2-3 hours (refund window lost ofc), and believe me, you will be so frustrated before you finish it.The UI is... well, some people described it as ""clunky"" and ""straight from '90s"" and it's true. It is as counterintuitive as it can be.I bought EL fresh after ditching Elite Dangerous, which I thought wasn't that good either, turns out it certainly WAS better than EL."
76561198305492632,Not Recommended,398170,28261271,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,benfornshell5971,"Great, but limited graphics.  I would love more variety, and added formats, e.g. cut scenes, supernovas, more jump gate designs, etc.Great ideas for interface, with real world physics, but stopped short, needed to have a less ""flight simulator"" feel in space, and atmospheric flight needs to actually treat a wing like a wing, e.g. flying a knife edge should impact lift, as should being upside down.GUI for jumps is frustrating, either you manually type in the six jump coordinates, each five digits long, or you settle for very poor precision, requiring you to either risk instant death, or a five minute flight to get to your destination.Great potential, but poor delivery."
,Recommended,398170,23141967,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,pidrito,Review from cool russian playerI feel satisfaction about game. I love when i drive my space boat and feel like buisnessman.https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=66&v=Le06Uo2Gkdg
,Not Recommended,398170,34711854,Posted: 3 September,all,C. Smith,"Horrible voice acting.  Sounds like some dude high on drugs requesting to land in a very generic star base.  You can basicaly point in any direction and warp to the base as long as you have selected it as a warp to destination.  Console is blocky and no polished lines.  If your looking for a game with that elite dangerous or star citizen feel, then avoid this.  If your looking for a whole bunch of data on your hud and a flat appearance cockpit then this is your game.  I cannot recommend this because of the lack of realizm.  I want to feel like im in the cockpit.  I want to hear great voice acting.  I want polished visuals.  If your not into those things then by all means go for it."
76561198107191131,Recommended,398170,31972847,Posted: 26 May,all,The man,A bit clunky for the 5 mins or so i  played.....but i guess credit is due as the visuals are nice and it has depth.  Elite Horizons with it's distinct set of controls  tainted my poor fingers.  Darn you muscle memory!At least it's not bad as the F1 monkeys on eve online......
,Not Recommended,398170,23644877,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,snapdragonslair2000,"Im going to make this short and sweet. I really wanted to play this game... It looked like just what I have been looking for in a Space-Sim (Vast worlds to explore, adventuring about discovering things, no stupid story line to get in the way of my adventuring, nice enough graphics to be able to chill to.) But, after buying this game and installing it, litterally NOTHING happened. Well, that's not true... A black screen happened. Over and over and over again.I decided to peruse the official forums, I tried every single bit of bug-killing advice I came across over the course of 14 f*cking hours. Nada. I also could not actually join the forum there, as it never sent the email for me to verify my account.I uninstalled, I reinstalled, I restarted my computer, I dicked around with my permissions, I even went so far as to shut down my antivirus and firewall. Blank screen staring at me still.Desperate, and hoping it was just an issue with the Steam download, I downloaded the offical Demo. Same story. Nothing.Now, Im a fairly computer savvy person with a rather impressive set up. I play a LOT of games that eat up memory like candy (Modded Skyrim, Shadow of Mordor, hell even my photo processing software does it.) but I have NEVER come across a game that was so broken that after 14 hours, it still wouldn't play. Im on a ROG with 16 gigs uf usable RAM, and i7 processer, and a danm slick graphics card.Im quite disappointed I invested that much time in this game only to be massively let down. even after spending hours following their own bug killing instructions on the official forums.Im not even gonna be P*ssed if I don't get a refund, I just want to warn others away before they invest in a game that very well may be broken out of the box.Now I have been told that the developer is a ""Really Cool Guy.""  and that me being honest about my experiences with this game are somehow unfair to him... well, Im not reviewing his character or coolness, JUST this game. That's a very strange thing to take personally... Im sure he is very nice. But... well, fix your game to run without the end user having to resort to witchcraft, and I will give it another fair shake. Sound fair? Cool."
76561198112477631,Not Recommended,398170,32015800,Posted: 28 May,all,thomasadkins64,"I wanted to like this game.  I enjoy flight simulators and imagined this would be similar, and it is, a little, but without quite the same reward that comes with flighing a modern flight sim.Before going any further, I want to state my negative evaluation is not permanent: I want to love this game, and I suspect I really just don't ""get it"", yet.  Perhaps if there were more of a PDF document to get someone started, I could find myself getting hooked.  I'm a programmer myself, so I understand the paradox: we see what we want to see, explain only what we think needs explaining.  Programmers tend to need help, at least some help, to write something really helpful to those most needing it.I started travelling, discovered some new planets, and was totally, totally turned off by the random traffic playing random, very low grade, silly comments supposedly coming from the pilots of those ships.  It's unconvincing and shallow.  Some discovery.  I get to read crap and hear crap from unconvincing pretend-ships fliying all over the place.  Now, this might have been big news in the 70's, or to younger or more easily convinced players.I have a love of physics and really hoped for something that SEEMS fantasic and real at the same time.  The controls on the ship allow me to set a speed, kind of like cruise control.  Okay.  Except speeds (velocities) in the universe in which we live are relative, so it doesn't make sense to set an upper limit of, say, 2000 meters per second, when the average planet is travelling much faster than this around its sun.  Sure, you can hit the thrusters, and for a moment you get away from the space cruise-control.  But why dumb everything down?  Is it more fun imagining that the universe is really, really simplified?  Anyone who looks at NASA's web page learns that the speeds in this game, the sizes of planets, in short, EVERYTHING is just made-up.Perhaps my percieved contradictions can be explained away.  Maybe I used the wrong units.  Maybe.  I was really looking foward to having fun, but reading all the positive reviews, I feel positively left out.  And now, I haven't played the game in weeks, because I do not sense any STORY to the game at all.  Not even MY STORY.  I'm just flying around with pretend ships playing stupid 1-line takes from pretend conversations.  It's like a nightmare, where I'm the only person left, and there's no one to talk to.  Just a bunch of posters of people, playing tapes of mechanical-sounding voices, saying the same thing over-and-over.What am I doing wrong?  Why is it the developer only shows how to operate the controls of the ship, and never gives any hint or advice where to get started in his wonderful universe?  I want to think this game is so much more, if I just understood.  Maybe, though, there's nothing to understand.  Maybe the developer wanted the experience to be just the way if is for me."
,Recommended,398170,25196136,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Empathy KING,"As you can plainly see... I no longer have this game because I returned it immediately after I found out that there is only a hairs difference between this game and its older brother. I can not begin to tell you just how boring this game is because I haven't played it for even one hour. I can though tell you how bring I think it can be becasue that one hour I spent playing the game litterally had me jumping up out of my chair when I heard my phone ring! Why? Because I was falling asleep and my ringtone (Sanford and Son theme) scared the $hit outta me!Now please do not do the silly immature thing and begin to call me names and cuss me from here to Italy. Just because I think this game is boring and lame does not mean that the Evochron series $ucks. I enjoy a single player experience that offers exciting plot lines and deep characters with multiple points of view! This game has none of that... You just do what you do and thats it. Destroy a large armada of space pirates and all you get is a lame message from a boring, uninteresting NPC... Thats it!This game just isn't for me and if you enjoy awesome adventures, breath taking action and unforgetable moments of triumph then you will not enjoy this game either. Please, if you enjoy this game then good for you, thats great... All Im asking is that you respect my opinion because in the end thats all it is... AN OPINION!"
76561198030138502,Not Recommended,398170,22321260,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ilbruche,"Do you want to actually play a space game or do you want to spend hours on tutorials covering overly complex and horrible controls? You will seriously spend 2 hours just learning how to fly and move your ship around. By the time you get to weapons tutorials and other aspects it will be too late for a refund. Don't let yourself waste that much time.The glowing reviews of this game made it sound like the space game we all have been looking for. Sadly it's not.While I can see the appeal of having complete control of a ships systems it just makes for tedious gameplay. If you enjoy ""realistic"" space flight maybe you'll enjoy this.Launching the tutorials you sit through a minute of nothing happening while your ship makes little noises and ""powers up"" to prepare you for tutorials. Seriously, you have to look at the inside walls of a station before even starting the tutorial.The tutorials themselves are just bad. Even the most basic functions are made over complex.The map is horrible.Good God why am I wasting more time on this game by writing a review?Hopefully so you don't have to."
,Not Recommended,398170,26223388,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Prime,"This is a decent game for the price tag, but the multiplayer is empty and the modding support is lacking, and those are things I feel it really needs to be a successful game. More over you might be upset by the control input method, I found it so dissatisfactory that I did bring it up with the developer originally, but he was uninterested in changing anything about how it worked. Fair enough, its his game, but I won't be playing it personally."
76561198104024594,Not Recommended,398170,20774171,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,REVOLUTION_IN_RUSSIA_5112017.org,"Last good was Evochron Mercenary.Fuel prices are high, Saphire became strange place o____________OHigh lvl cannons??? Military ship Shadow with cr@appy capacitor? Or all?You made graphics, but removed the gameplay, as always, by balance."
,Recommended,398170,31662643,Posted: 10 May,all,[RSM] Slim,"Not bad, problem is, I play on a surface pro 2 with a t flight hotas.. This game does require a full keyboard, mouse, hotas, controller.. Lots and lots of buttons.. So after spending 3 hours trying to configure controls, I gave up and requested a refund.... WhichI couldn't have because I'd ""played"" for too long. What a waste of time and money, also, completely shaken my faith in steam, a real dirty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tasting move from you steam....*Edit.. Still wouldn't recommend this game but now not because of the controls but because of the elitist crymmunity.. Jeez, I had a bad experience, left a negative review, no need to go 4 pips to meltdown.."
76561197993053000,Not Recommended,398170,26500714,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Andy Spandy,"I tried this game and I tried to like it, but in spite of my effort I cannot. The lack of polish (not only visual, but also UI workflow and gameplay mechanics) is worse that I can bear.I am going back to Dangerous Elite. This game may be deeper and more sophisticated, but I do not understand or like it."
76561198006734457,Not Recommended,398170,22184471,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ROBINO,why did i buy this game?  it's badpeople think gaves developed by a single person are 'great'this is not great
,Not Recommended,398170,22640918,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ven,THis game is a total waste of time  the game play is broken and the PVP is a joke most of the game is haunted by greiffers while this is not a money grab it is sorely lacking any value
,Not Recommended,398170,20680128,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Gunslinger,Would I recommend this game NO. reason well that fact the turtorial itself is over 2hrs long wiped me out.  Also the I could not get my head around how mid 1990's the graphics were.  For this amount of money I would expect they to be at least an option for better graphics.  Yes I agree I did not give the game a chance but instead of going over the 2hrs and not being able to get my money back.  I got it back instead and purchased x3 instead which yes it has flaws but pretty much sound like the same game but better UI and graphics.  Fanboys will slate me I know but this is my impression and thoughts on this game.  Oh and I do own Elite as well and I just wanted something that had more in it like base building etc.
76561198008278276,Not Recommended,398170,20668955,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,AceStorm,i like the idea but the graphics are bad :(
,Not Recommended,398170,20652366,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Ferectoi,"The controls for this game are too compliacted.  I tried doing the tutorial and I felt like I was in school, very boring."
