user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198134811176,Recommended,398180,18196592,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Natoriouspig,"Euclidean is not a game for most people. The whole game is as if the last twenty minutes of 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Call of Cthulhu had a baby, and that baby ate LSD infused shrooms. Therefore this game could be considered a confusingly boring waste of time, or a masterpiece of psychological horror that greatly shows the basis of Lovecraftian Cosmicism; how insignificant humans are in the grand scheme of the universe and that there are things far greater than us in this universe that we will never know of. The ""narrator"" does a spectacular job of showing just how small and weak are character is, and how everything we do won't matter at all in the end. If you are at all a fan of H.P. Lovecraft or even any psychological horror, this is a must buy. It is only 3 dollars and is quite short, but the time you spend with it will be incredibly memorable."
,Recommended,398180,18867715,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,mozipha,"Euclidean succeeds on the strength of its atmosphere rather than its mechanics. Gameplay consists of basic pathfinding: as you fall in slow motion, select a route; note where you die; take the route again and avoid the death. Had it used the same mechanics and been, say, space-themed -- dodge the asteroids and aliens -- the game would not have been notable. It is the spot-on execution of a Lovecraftian horror theme that makes Euclidean into something special. As you progress from stage to stage, the question is never ""How should I proceed?"" (find a path through trial-and-error), but rather ""What the blazes am I going to see?""And oh, the things you will see ...Although the environments and creatures are largely abstract, there are just enough references to identifiable things to make your descent into the darkness extremely unsettling. Bubbles rise around you, your heartbeat pounds in your ears, classical Greek architecture breaks apart in front of you, worms sprout from walls, and tentacles reach out for you, all as a sinister voice mocks your feeble existence. Phasing, which allows you to pass through monsters unharmed, also reveals those monsters even more clearly. And you -- inexplicably -- can see your own skeleton, x-ray-like. The sound and visual design are extremely well done and show just how much a small indie team can achieve when it has a clear vision of what it's trying to do.In games such as this that focus on audio-visual spectacle rather than gameplay, there is always the danger that repeated deaths will break the spell and cause boredom and frustration. In my playthrough, this wasn't a problem because I found the default difficulty low enough that I never got stuck on any one section for more than a few minutes. Fortunately, the game includes three difficulty levels (plus optional permadeath), so if you do find frustration setting in, you can make things easier and get back to enjoying the spectacle of the whole thing.I do wish the scream that happens when you die were more androgynous or omitted entirely. It clearly marks the player character as male even though there's no good reason to indicate a specific gender in a game that treats the (possibly not male) player personally as the protagonist.Playtime for me on the default difficulty was 45 minutes with 9 deaths.Overall, highly recommended to those looking for an engaging, if brief, experience that focuses less on gameplay and more on overwhelming strangeness and existential despair."
76561198048974498,Recommended,398180,18220918,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,rjmacready,"Euclidean is one hard mother-humper of a game.  You want to know HOW hard?  Well, first of all there's three difficulty levels:  Hard, Nightmarish and Impossible.  Secondly, it took me about five minutes to even work out how to START the frigging game (hint:  look up, rather than around you...you'll get what I mean when you play).  Thirdly, I apparently died SEVEN TIMES just on the first level, which is basically only a few minutes long.  Yup, it's HARD.  But what else is it?Well, it's atmospheric as all buggery.  Atmospheric, and immersive.  Oh, and did I mention HARD?!  Just in case I hadn't already.  Once one gets past all the hallucinatory, Eldritch-ian razzle and dazzle, though, it's essentially a trial-and-error game (a la Limbo, perhaps):  In other words, prepare to die, MANY, MANY TIMES.  There's simply no way anyone is going to get through this game first time without dying a lot, 'cause you need to know what's about to kill you two seconds from now in order to be able to prepare yourself to avoid it.  How do you ""avoid"" these imminent moments of death, exactly?  Well, in addition to free-floating your way down into a watery abyss and moving left, right, up and down to avoid colliding with inanimate things, you also need to press a button to ""phase"" into another dimension for a short time to avoid living creatures...the trick here being, that you only get to phase for a limited time, and then you need to ""recharge"" for a spell before you can phase again.  So...that trial-and-error I mentioned before?  That's mostly about knowing when a beastie is about to cross your path, so you can phase at just the right time and, hopefully, recharge your phase ability in time to be ready for the next one.  Getting all this so far?  Good, neither am I.It's certainly a wild-'n'-crazy ""trip"" of a game, though one which I'm already suspecting I may lack the patience to get all the way through (it's one of those ""die-and-go-all-the-way-back-to-the-start-of-the-level-and-listen-to-the-dialogue-all-over-again"" propositions, so if you have an even greater pet hate for that kind of repetition than I do, I would probably advise you to stay away).  On the whole, though, I'm fairly impressed, and at a starting price of $3.99 (less, obviously, in a sale), it's surely worth a try if your interest has in any way been piqued by this review.  There's no doubting that it's a QUALITY product - any fool could surely see that, especially in this day-and-age of Early Access games which will never be finished, and Greenlight games which should surely never have seen the light of day - but it's definitely not a game for everyone.  Hell, I'm not even sure just if it's a game for ME!  But it has my respect.  Whether I'll ever have the steely nerves and sheer patience to actually see it through is, perhaps, another matter...we shall see...Verdict: 7.5/10."
,Not Recommended,398180,25080069,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Drakevarg,"I'll give Euclidean this much: it gets Lovecraft. It understands that the draw of cosmic horror is not the universal fear of cuttlefish, but the existential angst of realizing your own insignificance in the face of infinity.However, in practice, it missteps. Despite the beautiful visuals that nicely reinforce your feeling of smallness, it's hard to feel like the universe is an incomprehensible, impersonal vastness when Yog-Sothoth is laughing sinisterly in your ear through the game about how you don't matter and how this place is going to destroy you. You can't simultaneously not matter and be the subject of sadistic glee.In addition, your near-complete lack of agency might have serviced in the feeling of helplessness, but personally I felt less like a human being reduced to a puny morsel and more like a cubist interpretation of the life of a krill in the deep ocean.The game is short (I beat it in less than an hour despite my many, many deaths) and might be worthy of a VR experience, and I definitely like its style, but ultimately I don't think it accomplished what it came for, so I can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,398180,30330619,Posted: 4 March,all,8one6,"Does falling in slow motion and repeatedly restarting a level over and over sound like fun?No.Ok, then I'd not recommend this."
76561198059673205,Not Recommended,398180,18253432,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Spamming Tanks,"[TL;DR: An OK experience with good ideas, which is limited in gameplay, and is unfortunately crippled without a VR headset.]Unless you have a VR headset of your own (and most people don't) I would not get this. This game really does seem like it would work best with the VR headset and was designed with it at it's center. But beyond that, there is very little to gameplay (more on that in paragraph three).So, it does look quite nice, and I like the design of the monsters and the overall artstyle. The opening scene/menu was really striking and beautiful (it sets a mood for sure), and I would like to see more of a full game with this kind of look and feel.The gameplay consists simply of falling at a snail's pace down into an abyss. You can slowly drift around as you do so, with the goal being to avoid the monsters and obsticles in your way. This simple gameplay it does pretty well, and I found it challenging. Yet there is absolutely nothing else to that beyond that. I got to level 5 of 9 as of writing this, and that took me about 30 minutes, so that should also be taken into consideration.I feel I made a mistake in buying this seeing as I don't have a VR headset and the main selling ponit of this game is, quite frankly, VR. They really, truely, need to emphasize that this game was built as a VR experience. Sure, you can play it without, but it is a fraction of the intended experience.I won't use Steams refund here because the game is functional, runs smoothly, and it accomplishes what it set out to do. At four dollars it is also not a huge investment. But I did not find it particularly enjoyable and I do regret getting it myself. But again, with a VR headset it think it would be a much improved experience."
76561198169311898,Recommended,398180,18253827,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,The Fragnostic,"Start from the top, get to the bottom. Faller titles have never quite enjoyed the success of their horizontal runner brethren but are happy to instil just as much panic in the player. Euclidean isn't so much about the frantic hammering of keys as it is the dread-filled holding of them; the action moves at a crawl, the enemies lurch rather than sprint, the anticipation of collision made all the more tense as you barely squeeze past danger during your descent into a Lovecraftian oblivion.There's a few minor faults here. The title screen is unreasonably obtuse to navigate and the wireframe-esque player model stuck forever in its default pose robs the game of total immersion. Utterly forgiveable though, considering the excellent realisation of the forbidden dimension you steadily sink into enveloped in a haunting ambient soundtrack.Not one to pump the blood but still a title to crawl upon the skin.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r_FrOmoRsQhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prAMiIHIYkc"
,Recommended,398180,20535447,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rainer,"WTF? This is the best hardcore, permadeath dying simulator ever! The first challenge is to figure out how to start the game, in order to die the first time… ;-) Seriously, you can adjust the level of difficulty. Happy dying!"
76561197989683828,Not Recommended,398180,30251067,Posted: 28 February,all,Cristovelli,"Dive feet-first into boredom. A little trippy, maybe. Scary? I guess..? Not for everybody. Not for me.Spend 3 uneventful minutes just to fall into unavoidable, nearly-invisible monster made of spastic boxes, repeat. That's the game. The whole game."
,Not Recommended,398180,20824245,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ozymandias,"I wanted to like this more than I did. It may not rank high in the fun category, but it certainly is interesting as a piece of art. But, weighing in at around an hour and only $4, I'm okay with that and don't feel like it was time or money wasted. Still, this certainly isn't a game for everyone.The atmosphere and narration are great, but the gameplay was just... bland and seemingly random for my taste. You float downwards (the main mechanic of the game) until you either get to the bottom or some creature kills you. Creatures zoom in from above, behind, and from every angle and you move VERY slowly, so it seems less a matter of skill than of trying each level a handful of times until you get lucky."
,Recommended,398180,20567086,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mathman,"Euclidean, to me at least, serves as both a tool and a game.Euclidean's gameplay may be seen as repetitive, as all you do is avoid objects and creatures as you fall, but to view this game upon its gameplay is to miss the point (which many people have). If you play Counter Strike Global Offensive or Team Fortress 2 in excess, you will most likely be dissapointed in this game, because both of those games rely on constant change to provide entertainment. This game is not meant to be ""a whole ton of fun"" or addictive, but to rather provoke thought. Consequently, most people whom play games, such as the aforementioned, do not want to think while playing a game, they want to have fun. I would not call this game fun, because it is not supposed to be fun, it's supposed to be interesting and thought provoking. If you failed to take the five seconds to look at the tags, I would also like to point out that this game was inspired by H. P. Lovecraft's pseudo-religion of Cosmicism, which is shown in quotes such as: ""They could destroy you with a thought."" and ""You are simply not worth the effort."" Now, if you aren't well read, this will slip by you, but for those who do pick up on the reference, it is quite chilling.Euclidean's atmosphere is phenomenal, and the narrator does a fantastic job throughout the game. The introductory sequence of the game, which I will not spoil, is incredibly clever. The achievements, while slightly over shot, are fitting to the game's atmosphere, and provide a great additional touch to the game.However, I still have not explained how this game acts as a tool. What could this game act as a tool for as well? Euclidean acts as tool that seperates the gamers who think from those who don't. If you honestly bought this game for gameplay after watching the trailer and reading the description, as well as a few reviews, you should not be allowed to purchase games. This game, as previously stated, is meant to provoke thought through symbolism and referencing. Henceforth, if you cannot respect that video games are not always addictive and oozing gameplay, you fall into the lesser category. That is why this game is a fantastic game, it seperates gamers and into two groups, while existing as a thought provoking and functional game. Well done Alpha Wave Entertainment. Well done indeed."
,Recommended,398180,23357602,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Zizi Thrush,"Not sure why this is trending ""Mixed"", but I could see how it's not for everybody.Don't be hesitant though, if you're a fan of spooky, dread-inducing ominous landscapes or want to be pulled into the mariana trench by THON DARKE FORSESThe looking down perspective causes a little bit of neck pain, but it's a great way to full immerse you; Most VR content will be concerned with up, and therefore your feet will be planted on some boring ground textures. Not so in Euclidean.The only cons were with understanding exactly what it is you're doing, but it only took me 2 tries to understand that the rocks hurt and so do the little grabby anenomie enemies. and that squeezing the trigger=you don't get hit by the pokey things"
76561198028088564,Recommended,398180,18259180,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,winnietheshit,"Yup, it's really weird. It's not scary but  is very unsettling. Thinking of your own death, etc, for 30 minutes.A few minor issues with the Rift.Looking down the whole time is neck breaking. I'd rather sit back in a chair and be ""pulled"" into oblivion rather than sink downward. Maybe a way to reorient yourself would be helpful.Xbox gamepad was dead. Didn't work at all."
76561197973923473,Recommended,398180,19361036,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hardts,"It almost gave me nightmares - appealing to my most primal fears of huge diabolical jellyfish, and floating in a dark sea with unseable dangers. Thanks!"
,Recommended,398180,22975691,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,sunToxx,"Turn off the lights, put on your earphones and prepare for a truly unique audio visual trip. And it's trippy indeed ;)The game is very short and certainly not everyone's taste. I do hope to see more from this developer though."
,Recommended,398180,18437692,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,VI -nsanity,"WHAT AN AMAZING HEADBLANKETYBLANK!This was really something entirely different. A glorious headbleepetybleep ! I thoroughly enjoyed that - THIS is the kind of stuff I always pictured in my head when ever I read Lovecraft's stuff. Alien, inhuman, things beyond perception and euclidean space.:P And yes, I did die quite a few times. Yet I never felt the urge to rage quit - the frustration of having to retrry stages almost, uncannily enough, felt like a part of the experience. Incredible feel; I felt so darn out of place and helpless. Just falling through an endless razmatazz of an abyss without any proper explanation or reasons. A different kind of horror - not only did it remind me of Lovecraft's stuff but some of Neil Gaiman's ideas from the Sandman series too. This game is the epitome of chaos, and a glorious one at that.One has to however, be aware of a few things: The game IS admittedly hard. I had to swallow my pride quite early on and fiddle with the difficulty. And secondly: This is not necessarily everyone's cup of tea when horror games are concerned. There is no gore, naked flying dead guys, blood, or even a proper, perceivable reality.The style of the game is simple: You are falling. You keep falling through an insane, abysmal pandemonium where pretty much anything can and DOES kill you. Your task as the player is to control and fine tune your descent and avoid... well, everything really. The sole ability you have is phasing, which you can use to either detect the paths of ""living"" creatures or to pass through them. This of course, is very limited and only lasts for a few heartbeats, and takes a while to recharge; ergo it will grant your sorry mortal behind a fleeting moment of false security... if you use it wisely.The palette and luminance of the game is intense and chaotically gorgeous, fulgent lights and color sometimes blind the player's path momentarily. If one is sensitive or intolerant to such I'd urge either precaution or to avoid it. That having said the levels or rather, stages, were all beautifully designed. As were the aforementioned uh... ""living"" things which... look like... uh... something you'd see under microscopes in high security laboratories. (Awesome!)So if you are a big fan of Lovecraftian horror, I would definitely say give this game a whirl; it bloody deserves it. Same goes for any horror fans seeking something quite different. But be ready to die. 'Nuff said."
76561198084549070,Recommended,398180,23681936,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,atxgodzilla,If you are a big fan of Lovecraft and dont hate walking sim style games I think its safe to buy this and enjoy it. Yes its short and yes there is not much gameplay but its a strange one. I can almost see Lovecraft writing a story about a man falling into nothing that is everything. A story about a man stumbling uppon things that or unknoable before time or a human understanding of time.For sure not for everyone. I found the visuals somewhat like how Lovecraft described R'lyeh. Everything is all wrong for every reason but words dont come to mind of how to describe such a place without something being lost in translation.In a way its good its short. Only so long you can keep falling and continue gameplay along such lines. After thinking about it more I was happy to be out of that world. Unsettling strobe lighting along with the other sounds started to get to me a bit.Play with headphones and VR if you have one. Shut off the lights and start the game. I feel most Lovecraft lore fans will be able to fall right into this.
76561198006412079,Recommended,398180,18289317,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Target Drone,"Great value for the spend. You will want to return to this game soon after you complete it.For a long time Lovecraft fan this reminds me of the Brian Yuzna film ""From Beyond"" where there were tantalising glimpses of the weird alieness you have stumbled into.Best hint use the ""E"" key (phase) it is your best friend and use this sparingly.Most of all the strange vistas, mood and sound really envelope you. Looking forward to more levels if possible.Well done to all the team that produced this gem. Brings out the ""Yog"" in Yog-Sothoth.Five Eldar Signs"
,Recommended,398180,18228122,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Bengun,"This ""game"" is for sure not meant for every soul out there. But those who might be worthy of playing it, are to experience all the horror one man can perceive and beyond.In all seriousness, this game feels rather like an experiment, a work of art with some mixed in gameplay elements.Is that a bad thing?Certainly not. I enjoyed my short, yet emotional intense and lovecraftian horror ride down to the abyss and further.How do you know this game is good for you?- like H.P. Lovecraft and everything that associates with him- like experimental concepts- etc.I really love how the devs created an atmosphere which felt truly like a scenario right out of lovecraft story.I loved it despise its shortness.11/10 would certainly doom again"
76561197980971062,Not Recommended,398180,18703461,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Big Boss Nass,"First of all, I am a huge H.P. Lovecraft fan. I was excited about this game because it looked good and I had read reviews which said it was ""Lovecraftian levels of scary."" But when I started playing it, it didn't take me long to realize that this game wasn't scary whatsoever. All it is is a bunch of random shapes fly around as you fall through them. There is a narrator who recites vaguely Lovecraftian themes. And you die and you die over and over again because you have little to no control over where you fall through the shapes. So they just constantly kill you and it gets incredibly frusterating. That is it. that is the whole game. There is just nothing here. Seriously, you fall very slowly and cannot speed up nor can you move out of the way with any speed at all. The gameplay is pointless. On top of all that, it is just not scary at all. If you see a review of this game that claims this game is scary in any way or that it is good, they are either trolling or they are friends of the developer.Do not get this game. It is not worth it. This game looks cool, but that is the only thing going for it. Do not fall for the boarderline false advertising. It is not ""Lovecraftian levels of scary"" There are much better Lovecraft games out there, like the Darkness Within series."
,Recommended,398180,22463618,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Clawdius,"If you own a Vive, this is a game I would highly recommend checking out. If you don't like it, you can always request a refund.Euclidean is a really awesome title in Roomscale with the Vive. Dodging the enemies and obstacles is a lot more interactive when you can physically lean away from them and take a step when the controllers movement speed isn't fast enough. It's well worth the barrier to entry in my opinion. While there are a number of jumpscare experiences, this is more of a game and has a creepy enough atmosphere that I highly recommend it.It also has a sort of Lovecraftian feel to it, and runs well on my GTX 770 4GB/i5 2500k which is a huge plus since I'm waiting for pascal to upgrade. The environments aren't dark, so there isn't any fresnel artifacting from the lenses (from the levels I have played so far)."
,Recommended,398180,23005741,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CotdAssassin,"There isn't really much of a game here, as others have said it's really just a lot of drifting downward.  It only tales about an hour to play through and already the gameplay is gets somewhat dull. But thats not really what this game's about, its an immensely atmospheric experience and If thats your kind of thing, it's definitely worth checking out.  If you want a fun game to play, this probably isn't for you."
76561198019970955,Not Recommended,398180,24086793,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Elric,Neck strain simulator for the HTC Vive.Stand in the room and look 90 degrees downward to evade the monsters until you are killed in the game or your spine cracks and you are killed in real life.
76561197989132185,Recommended,398180,18198664,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,pulp-reduced,"Euclidean. An interesting title. Within the vibrancy and vicissitude of this game we get something more akin to non-Euclidean geometry, or maybe not, who relly knows? In whatever case, the title screen consists of you, the player, perched and bolted onto the top of a cliff with a few objects scattered about that each has a function like any other old menu screen. Not including the “Start game” button. Level selection is not where you start the game, the game starts when you start the game, and with that the mystifying nature of this game ironically reveals itself. Nothing tends to be simple, you gaze into infinity, you observe what no man was ever supposed to observe, and this game hits the tone of that absolute horror before the unknown or, on the obverse side of that same coin of horror, the overwhelming amount of supposed knowns.For a game with consistency pretenses, it dabbles a whole lot in the vaguely philosophical quandaries of man as existing in virtue of the absurd. This tone the game manages to capture is incredibly attractive in many ways, and it strikes a balance between creepy, interesting and outright scary. We get a narrator that admittedly contributes greatly to the sheer uncanniness of the setting, that reminds me a bit of a game like The Void, a game that hits these existential notes of absurdity equally as adeptly.As the name suggests, we are dealing at least in some respect with geometry as a general aesthetic. This is mixed with a more organic biology-inspired look of enemies that take the form of deep sea crustaceans. These creatures are interspersed with things like geometrically formed DNA strings, spinal chords and dissolved substances permeating through liquid. There is a naturalist aesthetic to say the least, one inspired by science and fulfilled with a nice color palette all withing a murky and drab underwater look. It all combines and adds to an overall heaviness relating to man as biological/objective being, which the “narrative” perpetually alludes to. The way the game mixes rigidity of geometry with the disgusting fluidity of natural movement creates a feeling of unfamiliarity by way of juxtaposition between wildly separate forms of being.The fear is palpable. Everything you do is threatening. Get close to a “solid” object and there will be parasites encroaching and subsequently ending you. Stray too far away and there are multidimensional sea creatures stripped to their elements waiting to subsume your very existence. This is what ultimately makes up the gameplay, it is a game of avoidance. You descend in some type of thick liquid throughout a three-dimensional plane, dodging objects and the like to eventually get to the point of progression. It is a seemingly simple task, that behind its simple concept provides a decent difficulty and forces one to think about the patterns the game has created. This is a game of torturous horror unto the sweetness of bubbly disintegration followed by its corollary reemergence. Along with the simple concept of dodging incoming objects as you fall, we have a dimension-shifting ability, that switches the wavelengths of the light and warps our limited view into a more distinct one that elucidates and sketches out the form and position of incoming objects, and of course, makes you impervious to a foe's onslaught; which is pretty useful.Euclidean does sound design incredibly well. There is this beautiful concordance between drone, sharp synthesizers and noise, alternating between grinding motors and pulsating echoes, surges of electricity and the like. It is a very full experience, that along with the visuals puts you in a sort of trance. You are put in a crossfire between these blasts of audiovisual stimuli, in accordance between that and me being incredibly tired while writing this and playing the game a very special atmosphere was created, a very anxiety-filled Zen state. Which, I suppose, wouldn't make it a Zen state. It is a twofold emotion that fluctuates between absolute horror and hazy tranquility.I like my game with a nice dose of pessimistic nihilism. I also like the attempts this game makes of creating horror out of what would otherwise be seen probably as the most innocuous thing you could think of. Unless complexity's daunting nature is a phobia of yours. I think that this goal was for the most part achieved, at least in my case. Euclidean is an interesting first project for a newly formed development group. I will definitely keep my eye out for their games in the future. A cheap, short, but rife with interesting visuals and sound designs, and coupled with gameplay that gives enough intensity (mostly) to combat the boredom or the diminishing returns of what these types of games may otherwise suffer from. It was a nightmarish yet wonderful experience. A great little experience indeed, I would recommend this, if you're interested. It won't eat up too much of your time if you happen to not enjoy the gameplay, and it would support developers who undeniably has some interesting ideas scrambling about in their finite human heads.There are plenty of other things to comment on and to draw parallels to, but we'll leave it at that. Thanks for not reading."
76561198047869112,Recommended,398180,34406102,Posted: 21 August,all,Garvak,"I wasn't expecting it at the time of purchase, but it's been one of the most Lovecraftian games I've gotten my hands on. The conclusion really seals the deal."
,Not Recommended,398180,23749717,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FriendCalledFive,"The game has a good atmosphere, but I couldn't play ot for long in VR as it forces you to look straight down all the time, which is uncomfortable and terrible for posture. Put in an option to let you look at a sensible position and I will change my review."
76561198051377718,Recommended,398180,28603036,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Guppytehcat,"Interesting gameplay that wasn't special, but combined with the theme of the game it was awesome. Don't do psychadelics while playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥yo.♥♥♥♥♥♥gets trippy11/10 would cry off shrooms again"
76561198040779129,Recommended,398180,18236241,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Zeek Aran,"Euclidean is a very simple game (once you figure out you're supposed to aim for the blue things). More of a visual rollercoaster than a game, but for $3.99 I think it's certainly worth it if you like inspecting sunken Cyclopean cities inspired by HP Lovecraft. This game has been referred to as a ""falling simulator"" and well, they're right. You spend most of the time looking down as you avoid objects and creatures by drifting slowly down through a watery atmosphere. The creatures look alien and the environments are very stunning to look at. Also this game isn't very hard to run, so you should be able to enjoy a steady 75 fps on your Rift. Don't play it for too long without stretching your neck, or maybe just be better than I am and not need to stare at the ground the entire time.One suggestion: the devs should fix it so the little ""resolution, windowed?, display"" menu doesn't show up, and should just go directly to the Rift without asking."
76561198034743608,Recommended,398180,18317387,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,J2Da95,A visually delicious rendition of the Lovecraftian atmosphere. Died so many times on the first play through from looking looking around.
,Recommended,398180,18829018,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,barastyr,"If you want a scary horror game or a panicky survival game, this is not for you.Euclidean is that rare art-game that doesn't suck.  It's not exactly a horror game.  It's not exactly a game at all.  If I were a pretentious hipster type I'd call it an ""experience"".  It's just something you play through to enjoy the atmosphere and scenery--it's basically a creepy, atmospheric film you watch, the gameplay is just there to immerse you more in the film.  If you're into that kind of thing, it's very, very well done.  It's exactly the right length, any more would have become boring and repetitive.  It ends while you're still enjoying it.Really, it's just a bunch of visual effects experts showing off, but that's not a bad thing at all.  The effects are immersive and  excellent.  I recommend playing this on a good screen, with good headphones, in a dark room.  It's surprisingly hard on your computer--I have a upper-mid-range gaming laptop, and I still had a very low framerate at times, even with the minimum graphics settings.My only complaint is the interface and menus.  It's somewhere between ""buggy"" and ""broken"".  Some menu buttons don't work at all, some settings aren't available, and some video settings change on their own while you're playing, which can detract from the experience very badly.Overall, it's an hour of interesting, immersive fun well worth the four bucks if you enjoy this kind of thing.  Most of the bad reviews are from people who expected it to be something else, and were disappointed.  All it's trying to be is an immersive film and a video effects showcase, but it does that very, very well."
,Recommended,398180,19036590,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Deadjack,"Have you ever wanted to face dark entities created by the twisted minds of humankind?Have you ever wanted to dive and find your way into madness?Dear Lovecraftian friends... Welcome to Euclidean!Plot:You are an insect trapped into the ghostly shell of bones that compose your body and fall to your inevitable doom.You can try to avoid some of the perils that lies in the depths of this realm of Gods.Some looks are upon you... maybe you can be some sort of entertainment for forces that goes beyond your imagination.Music/effects:Euclidean is a strong atmospheric game. The main aspect of the soundtrack is the voice that comments your progression.Music feels more like echoes from the world around you. Effects of creatures and the simple fact that you fall into endless dark waters makes the game even more powerful in its attempt to immerse the player (add to that your heart beat that trigger when you are close to a danger).  A true success that can boast in front of famous games such as Resident Evil, Alone in the Dark or even Shadowman (very close to Euclidean ost).Graphics:A masterpiece.Okay i have to admit that geometrics forms can be taken for laziness but i've found the game very appealing and with its own style (that's what we call art). Completely in the mood of Lovecraft's universe with crazy creatures and amorphous structures. I really liked the fact that you can see your body, bones filled with energy that pulse depending of your actions or the environment. Phasing also gives you the interresting ability to have a better view of your surroundings.Again it's another great aspect of the game but won't be for all audiences (again it's art).Gameplay:That has been already said, Euclidean is an atmospheric game. You fall into an ""ocean"" filled with creatures and structures that, if you touch them, will cause an untimely death. You can still phase your body and dodge during few seconds enemies or small obstacles. However it doesn't last long and needs to recharge. From the start to its end (white pulsating orbs for each level) you need to control your descent by floating around with movement keys.Difficulty level determines how you can respawn and speed of creatures. There's an option of permadeath that forces you restart all levels if anything kills you...TO CONCLUDE:The sensation of despair and being offense less is absolutely amazing. Euclidean is a joy for every lovers of Lovecraft's universe. Being an insect under the eye of the dark and twisted god has never been so funny!However the game is very short, i've finished it in 43 minutes in normal mode.And i didn't try other difficulty level due to lack of variations and the overall difficulty: memorize the way to the end and it's a piece of cake.BUT like all masterpiece of immersion, it can't be considered as a game but more like a piece of art that might disappoint.For me it was a blast and i wanted to see more ! Especially to know more about the main character and the reason why he is falling into this nightmare.If you like art and you're not shy to try a true ""Cthulu madness diving simulator""....  Euclidean is for you.N.B: Frankly best 43 mins on a game this year. Please do a sequel! PLEASE!"
,Recommended,398180,22557120,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Vanlock - Vive so Real!,With the HTC Vive this is trippy as hell !  Welcome to Cthulhu's nightmare ! This works very well with VR.
76561198021181767,Recommended,398180,21854865,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Manly,"For the VR people out there: You don't have to do anything special to get this to work. Simply press 'Play'. GLORIOUS!If you own a VR headset, and you want to experience how immersive VR can be, then you should pick this up.The game features only geometric shapes and some choice sound/environmental effects which surprisingly leads to a spooky, engrossing descent into the abyss.I doubt the game will have much replay value and, like most scary games once you know what is coming it's not scary, but I bought this on sale for around $3 and am totally satisifed.Check out the video if you would like to see the first three levels:https://youtu.be/3EJABcwuc5E"
76561198037509644,Recommended,398180,23742628,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MiG-Mog,"I'll be sure to load this up whenever my head gets too big; this game is really good at letting you know how insignificant you are. Decent and short, I found it well worth the money [$4.99].(It would probably be more impactful with a VR set but I still recommend it regardless.)"
76561198043549843,Recommended,398180,23846382,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sithsaber1,"This is my first review, and I was compelled to provide it because this game feels precisely like reading H.P. Lovecraft's From Beyond, and vicariously completely nailed it's goal. My girlfriend and I played it all in under an hour and despite that play time, the delivery, atmosphere, and even the indications of a story made it completely worth the same price of a good comic book. I fully endorse anyone interested in the game just get it. Be ready to be forced to figure things out on your own, but when you do the short experience will be totally great."
,Recommended,398180,23004702,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,GrungePunk,Simple yet stylish atmopheric game. Worth the 5 bucks.
,Recommended,398180,18224545,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[IG] Dargon Dargon,"When I first opened this game to record for my YouTube channel, I expected a game that would try to scare me out of my pants like a grenade exploded between my legs. When I got to playing it, it left me with a sense of terrified awe and disturbed wonder, almost like a religious experience.There's a lot of people who say this has a Lovecraftian atmosphere to it. I wholeheartedly agree. Sinking to the very depths of sanity and reality, you become aware that the horror isn't in facing demons, zombies, nor jumpscares. No, the true horror comes from being absolutely helpless to do anything to save yourself as you sink further into the abyss.If you have VR like Oculus, I HIGHLY recommend you use it for this game. Not saying that playing this off monitor takes nothing away from the atmosphere, but this game would probably be best suited for VR.This game is short, but it's also well worth the money. My hat goes off to you, Alpha Wave. A splended job on blowing away my mind!"
76561198089817884,Recommended,398180,18230394,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,nukemarine,"A slower and darker version of AaaAaaaAaaaa! for the Awesome. Having played only the VR version of the game (Oculus Rift DK2) and that only briefly, I have no problem with the purchase which given the low price anyone should feel comfortable with buying.In virtual reality, you look up and see an anomaly in the sky. This thing approaches you and throws you into an abyss where only the memory of body can be seen and a voice chastises you about even daring to be in such a place then reminds you of the hopelessness of your chances. The sounds come from all around and work well with the 3D audio which helps warn that you're venturing too close to a wall with some geometric snake out to get you. You fall ever so slowly and move even slower bringing up dread as the inevitable death comes close. Large euclidean monsters out of a Cthulu High School geometry class take pattern trips around the areas giving you a chance to either avoid them or phase through. All the while, you look for a platform to get you to the next environment.The gameplay is simple, though the slow movement through this geometric environment can be tedious. Not knowing where the target base is at can annoy you if you're not close enough to float over there when you do find it. I played standing up which I recommend, but the inability to reorient meant tactical turning to get the cord from around my neck. Lastly, the developers could do with making looking down less 1:1 when in VR, perhaps a 45° tilt of the head correlates with a 90° downward angle in game similar to what AaaAaaaAaaaa does in its game. Finally, the subtitles should not be frozen to the head mounted display screen as they're difficult to read. I would even suggest having more archaic and animated fonts to get across the mood of the dark voice. In addition, the menu should be placed at normal eyeview and not just where I was looking at at that time.Again, a good purchase for those with VR headsets looking to expand their library of official games. It's short, fairly difficult and really offers a treat for the eyes. PLAY STANDING UP!!!"
,Recommended,398180,18788508,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Whydoyoubark,"Euclidean dismantles your mental integrity.Chips away at your perception of reality.Captures the sense of insignificance and hopelessness in the face of the things below.If the universe truly is as depicted in this freefall nightmare, I hope none of us are cursed with an eternal spirit.11/10 would lose my sanity again."
,Recommended,398180,20797416,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Entrhal☭,Horrifying
76561198006689642,Not Recommended,398180,33887222,Posted: 29 July,all,Ferex,"In this game one falls from level to level deeper to the bottom of all.The only thing you can do is to move in all two dimensional directions while you fall automatically deeper.You aren't allowed to touch anything. Everything can kill you.To stay alive you can move around or activate an invincibility mode.I played it on the vive and even it had a nice dark atmosphere I don't think it was made for playing with an VR headset, since you have to look almost all the time downwards which could be hurtful for your neck (and the rest of your back).in short: Nice try but looking downwards with the weight of the vive on your head is all but recommendable"
,Recommended,398180,35461782,Posted: 3 October,all,BigBlueWolf,"Played this on my Vive and I think the VR experience adds so much to the atmosphere that you can't get playing on a monitor. The sense of being completely inside this bizarre world as you float downward is oddly disturbing and relaxing at the same time. I also wonder if being able to look around in a more realistic fashion helps your survival. During most of the game you are looking downward (I recommend sitting on the floor), but some parts almost require you to see monsters coming at you from the side. Glancing around is way easier with your head than with a mouse.Upon successfully completing the game I'd only died 31 times, and the highest number of deaths I had on any of the nine levels was 7. I had to go back and intentionally die to get the achievements for 25 deaths on a level and 50 deaths total. For reference I played on ""nightmarish"" (the middle) difficulty level. I skipped trying to do a permadeath play-through.There is no action to be had here. Simply avoid hitting or being hit byanything. I didn't experience any VR sickness but then you really don't move other than slowly sinking downward and slightly shifting the direction of your fall with your trackpads.Rating: 7.5/10Cool, short and fun. Challenging without being too frustrating. Reminded me of what happens to a morsel of left-over food you toss over the side of a boat. But you're the morsel."
76561198017607126,Recommended,398180,22659702,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,"JESUS CHRIST, IT'S JASON BOURNE","I've played many VIve games and only recently have decided to play this game. I've only gotten past the first level and this game is terrifying.You literally feel like you're descending into a void or hell, the art makes you feel small and insignificant . I can't wait to finish this game tomorrow, but now I must sleep."
,Recommended,398180,20266268,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dracle,"This is quite ""small"" game that bases it's mechanic on avoiding obstacles during slow fall.The atmosphere and mood is jaw-dropping. If you are equipped with a VR device get ready for a very disturbing and incredible experience."
,Recommended,398180,20926402,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Inferno,"A game based on Lovecraftian lore that explores the weakness of the human conciousness, the futility of the soul, and the inevitable oblivion at the end. It's a slow game but that pacing helps draw you into the immersive atmosphere. I wouldn't recommend it for everybody but it is a unique experience. You could probably beat in in 30-45 minutes, maybe less, so a $3 price tag is fair."
76561198132935231,Recommended,398180,20468400,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sammael94,"I initially decided to check this game out for one reason, and one reason only, that reason being my love for Lovecraft. I went into this expecting unfinished, mechanically broken, conceptually flawed garbage. Boy, was I wrong.This game, while by no means perfect, is well worth the time and money for any Lovecraft fan. It recreates the feeling of abject, silent dread you get reading the best stories from the man himself nearly flawlessly. Euclidean draws you in and plays with your head, and evokes images of R'lyeh and the great Old Gods. It is filled with simply designed geometric monstrocities that will disturb you for reasons you can't understand, let alone articulate. You avoid these nightmare creatures as you float ever downward through terrible structures and buildings that only add to the atmosphere of mute dread Euclidean curates so deftly. As you float down using awsd to avoid both ""terrain"" and creatures, you have the ability to phase through monsters for a short time before the ability must recharge. Adding to the difficulty and the atmosphere is the fact that everything is concealed by a pulsating fog and lighting effects. The sound design of Euclidean is some of the best I've seen, elevating the tension and dread the game does such a fantastic job of cultivating.Euclidean is a difficult game. It doesn't hold your hand at all; quite the opposite. Just figuring out how to start the game will take some brain power. In the first level you will die several times trying to understand the game mechanics, even if you have read all the reviews. You can't be prepared for this game with words. It defies language. And its three difficulty levels? Hard, Nightmarish, and Impossible.All in all, I cannot recommend this game highly enough, and if you, like me, are a Lovecraft fan, I would say you don't have a choice. You NEED to play this game, if for no other reason than to please the Old Gods. I cannot think of a better use of four dollars for a horror gamer or a Lovecraft fan, and you can bet that I am going to wait with baited breath for Alpha Wave's next masterpiece."
76561198042200999,Recommended,398180,19739057,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Runa,"This is one my favorite game of all time, hands down. I have always loved H. P. Lovecraft's work. I loved it for the things beyond conseption, the things which shouldn't be able to function in our universe but do, and most of all for the things which aren't perverse because they are the opposite of what our culture advocates, but because they simply exist outside of what we are and can possibly be. In most games, movies, and book that are inspired by H. P. Lovecraft get this wrong, but this game gets it right on the head. Even if it wasn't able to show things that can't exist, it was able to create the feel of something truly alien to all that we have, and can, ever know. In game, the voice (who I think might be Yog-Sothoth) even says that you cannot perceive.So over all, yes, this game is something that I reccomend. It simply does something that I have never truly seen done before.  I have been looking for a while for something like this, and have just found it."
76561198140094006,Recommended,398180,21877919,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Wolfebane_,This game is a breath of fresh air. A true atmosphere horror game.  Everything from the narrator to the controls trully delivers on the theme of the game. Also 5 points for not having zombies.
,Recommended,398180,22587495,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,madwurst,"This is a very early review because I didn't even make it through the second stage for now. It's what seems to be a very challenging game, and it looks so damn good on the HTC Vive. The screenshots don't do the game any favor, it's not nearly as dull and flat as it appears to be - on the contrary, it's wide, extremely atmospheric and at the same time bizarrely esoteric; most likely what living through a Lovecraftian horror is supposed to be. You start to fear the walls and beings and on the same time want to touch them out of pure scientific curiosity. You hastily look around to marvel at the twisted ocean-like landscape, while only falling deeper into the abyss, narrated by a dark voice taunting and loathing your human form. It's something I never knew I wanted.Absolutely buy this."
,Recommended,398180,20656598,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,It,"This game is very, VERY cool...I quite enjoyed the 63 minutes I spent playing this game, and all up It was definatly worth the time and money spent on it. My only regret is that it ended too soon. I felt like I was just getting right into it before it finished on me. Aw well.Narrative:I'll admit, I've never experienced anything 'Lovcraftian' before this game, so I have no grounds of comparison. However, the parts of the dialoge that I did catch (Becuase I wassn't grasping onto my will to not become gemotric soup at those times) were pretty interesting. I don't wanna give too much away, but there were some lines of dialouge which had a 'woahhh' factor. But most of it was ""Whatchu doin? Get outta here fool!"".The Narrator refers to other beings of some kind. I couldn't work out if those where the things I was avoiding or someing I just don't understand at all. Maybe that was intentional? Who knows...Something interesting I noted though is that the Narrator seams to be some kind of conscious being himself. One of his lines include ""I pitty you"" implying that he can feel pitty. And yet any thing else he describes seams to exist in a realm where things like pitty are redundant. Or at least, that was the gist I got from him.Also, when he is talking about the 'others' he says that 'I'm not worth their effort'. What does that say about the Narrator though, considering that he spends the entire game trying to interact with me? HmmmmGameplayRule #1 with this game: have patients. I found that usually when I died it was tawards the third qurtile of the level, and then you have to start it again.But anyhow, I'm getting ahead of myself. The game is divided up into these stages. Each one with their own gemetric enemies and patterns to avoid. The game is slow and moving feels really slow. But I tell you, when you get that 'phase' in just the right moment it feels sooooooo goooood.Final thing: I wish the mouse movment felt more 'Narual' and less like it was ported from a joystick/analog stick movment. I think the correct term for this is the mouse accelaration? *Shruggs*Other than that there isn't really much else to it, this game has very simplistic gameplay.Audio:The sounds in this are amazing! I loved listening to the Narrator. His voice was nice a soothing, and well acted.In fact this entire game could have been quite the relaxing experience if there was an 'invicible' mode or something like that. The music was quite pleasing and added to the game well. Also the sounds effects fit in very nicely.Visuals:First off, I wanna say that this game runs smooth as balls. This is what all games should feel like! No excuses! I know my monitor refreshes at 60hz, so I I'm not suppsed to notice any diffrence in frame rate past 60, but this game always ran in between 120 and 180 fps and let me tell you, it definatly had a better feeling to it then Far Cry 4 did while it was running at 52 and even Fallout 4 running at 65. Needless to say I am very thankfull for the uncapped framrate. Mucho Gracias.The animations where really stellar and mezmorising to look at. Nothing too complicated means everything is executed really well.After the first 3 levels, it seamed like each level would have it's own colour scheme. The second and third levels are partiularly aesthetically pleasing, but unfortunatly this theme doesn't really keep on throught the whole game.Most of the individual elements within the game is monocromatic. But don't get me wrong, it looks great that way. Enviromental elements are textured and the textures are also pretty swell, though I wish they could have been higher resolution. Maybe that's just me though.Last thing is the lighting. Holy crap the light here rocks. Fallout were boasting their volumetric lighting, and I'll be damned if Fallouts lighting isn't majestic as hell, though even their fogs look like a an unimmerisve fade. I can joyfully say that there is no such feel here... the coloured 'mist' around you feels incredible, Seriously, hatts off to you Lars.And speeking of immersion...ImmersionI don't wanna say to much about immersion. I recomend this game, now go and experiance it for your self. Suffice to say it does not dissapoint in this department at all.You remember how I started off this review? Well that was a fat lie! I fully regret that I don't have a VR headset (and I don't think I'll replay this until I do)"
,Recommended,398180,26550571,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rakon,"Nefarious geometric shapes swim around me on all sides. A disturbing, sadistic voice whispers to me about the pointlessness of my existence. I wonder how I'm going to survive the next five minutes as I slowly descend through hell. This minigame is an alarmingly accurate simulation of my 10th-grade geometry class."
76561198025129395,Recommended,398180,30756471,Posted: 26 March,all,Eagleshadow,"Played it in VR and it's one of the more unique VR experiences, definitely recomened and worth the asking price if you at all value immersion."
,Recommended,398180,23783255,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,=D Joe Mama,"One of the best games I've ever played. An otherworldy game where you sink to the depths of the planes of Oblivion, avoiding the horrors contained within. Buy it and play it through. A sore neck shouldn't stop you haha.Played on CV1, roomscale with Xbox controller."
76561198080163360,Recommended,398180,18282183,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,_donda_,"The Lovecraftian premise looked interesting, and I have to say the game fully delivered. Playing, I felt like I was the dreamer from ""Beyond the Wall of Sleep"", less powerful at first, but later...I have to say I usually hate games where you have to start a level from the beginning after you've died, but having set the difficulty to ""hard"" and disabled permadeath, the game was pretty manageable, and now I might replay it on ""nightmarish"". I finished the game in 80 minutes, which seems short, but is actually exactly the right length for a game like this which isn't scattered over level after level, but rather delivers a very intense, focused experience and feeling which would be impossible to maintain for a longer time.If you have a taste for the Unspeakable, I wholeheartedly recommend this little gem!"
,Recommended,398180,26460807,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Derp Derpelton,"I would describe this game as ""Intriguing"".It is hard to find words for this one.You will fall into hell, or madness, avoiding creatures. The gameplay doesn't sound like much. But this little tour trough hell is really something to see."
76561197990950891,Recommended,398180,18235440,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,.TM | S4M,"Very interesting concept, great audio and nightmarish atmosphere, but be advised:1) it's quite short. (1 hour for me, hard level)2) I like immersivity in virtual reality, so usually I play all 3d games with a stereoscopic setup (nvidia card + 3d vision lcd glasses or just red/blue glasses and a multiscreen resolultion). Unfortunately here it's not working.6.5/10"
,Recommended,398180,20277323,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Magnetictooth,A short but interesting experience. Definately worth it for the price.Planning on replaying soon while tripping.
,Recommended,398180,23401822,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,xevious2,"Creepywalkingfalling simulator. Played on both Oulus CV1 and vive. I prefer the vive as you can get a better look around at all the creepy things standing up, sitting down it's hard to see straight down sometimes. besides on the vive you can use the controllers to paint at bit on the main menu. For the price of $5US I thought it was worth it for the experience."
,Recommended,398180,19299050,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Sir Fabulous,"im not that far in, like 7 minutes, but my god, this game is creepy and original, you just float, nothing else, just float, the sounds arent happy, they are creepy, you dont move you can only avoid enemies by phasing, its when you pass through, a voice talks to you saying you should leave and you shouldnt be there its creepy but oddly fun. btw you start the game by looking at the moon, took me awhile to figure it out"
76561197983399143,Recommended,398180,18231912,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Arcanix,"The good, the bad and the mind bendingly geometric.There were a few things I liked about this game, and a few things I didn't. On the upside, the game is very atmospheric, which is good, because I bought it because I wanted a lovecraftian romp. The narrator was spot on in my opinion, and I enjoyed listening to his cosmic horror styled dialogue. The visuals were entertaining and added to the feel of the game, even if they appeared to be inspired by LSD.  The music was also fitting and I enjoyed the ambience. On the other hand though, the game had some flaws. The gameplay is pretty limited, and... unusual. It plays somewhat like you would expect frogger to play if frogger was upgraded to a modern game and forcably pushed forward (or rather down in this circumstance) by some unseen, mad, god. I didn't particularly find the game play very motivating. Another thing that didn't particularly bother me but could be potentially frustrating to some players is the fact that tutorials come up mostly in the form of hints when you die. You will die (probably several times) before you figure out how to play the game. Another unfortunate thing is the ending is completely ambiguous. I understand that in the genre that they are shooting for, sometimes what you don't know is the most compelling portion, but they could have found a way to make the story feel more like it had a conclusion without harming the overall ambience and feel of the game.One final note, the game is short. Some people might say that this is bad. Maybe it is. However, I say it isn't. I paid less than the cost of a fast food meal for about an hour and a quarter's worth of game play. I feel it earned it's keep. However, if you don't want to play three dollar's and change for a bit over an hour's worth of gameplay, this game isn't for you. But if you like lovecraft and want a single sitting game, this one is for you.TLDR:In the end I'd say that this game was a positive experience. I'm happy to have played it. However, it was a closer thing than most. The game definately has its flaws and may not live up to expectations. It definately is a pass if you don't like lovecraftian horror. I give the game a somewhat hesitant thumbs up, I hope to see more, and more polished work from the developer in the future."
76561198052215238,Recommended,398180,18544890,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ewins,"Weird♥♥♥♥♥game but it does what it's set out to do really well. It's all about the lovecraftien horror setting, the weird level design, the feeling of being totally lost without a clue of what's going, so overall the ambience of the game is its best and pretty much only perk. The gameplay is pretty minimal so if you're one of these people that enjoy games based on their mechanics i'd suggest you don't bother, but if you are in for something a bit different and maybe are a lovecraft lover give it a try. It's short but I believe it's worth the small amount of money it's sold at.Special mention to the sound design that totally makes the game."
,Recommended,398180,24098782,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Psynbiotik,"It's an ok game for 5 bucks, I beat it after about 50 minutes.The game consists of dodge the things by falling/sinking in your chosen direction very slowly or phasing out for a couple of seconds to not be hit, a hit is instant death in which you start the short level over again, sometimes you can't predict where things will be enough to dodge them, replay does teach you where things spawn and you can phase or slowly dodge as appopriate.Pros:Lovecraftian horror themesSome interesting shape based monsters.Sometimes it can be pretty.Cons:RepetitiveNot too challanging unless you try the permadeath mode.The game does force you to look straight down the entire time, kind of a pain, I contemplated lying on the floor face down but the headset wasn't comfortable enough to do this.The game is pretty short, I beat it in 50 min and felt no desire to try again.Descent into madness wasn't quite as mad as I had hoped but it was ok.It's an ok experience probably worth it for 50 min of fun at a dollar per 10 min."
76561198011778005,Recommended,398180,19628555,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Captain Pricklepants,I feel scared and stupid. Worth it.
,Recommended,398180,35475764,Posted: 4 October,all,notpod,Digital insanity for only $1.69! (on sale) Had this on wishlist for longest time due to no lunux version (HINT!) but on sale even I was lured back into windows 7 to give it a try. A wonderful Lovecraftian nigtmare. And I am talking about the game not windows 7. Pretty sure the great old ones used linux and so should you.
76561198102441076,Recommended,398180,35484871,Posted: 4 October,all,snakebite8inf,"This was a fantastic treat for fans of LOvecraftian horror.  As a game, its incredibly straight forward and simple.  I beat it in half an hour (approximately).  The art style is great, the ""voice"" is very well done and the challenge is enough to make you concentrate.  My favorite part is the menu screen.  It screamed ""Lovecraft"" and was mysterious enough to make the mind wander--as was the game itself.  Nothing good comes from crossing the veil--but you do anyway."
76561198010580247,Recommended,398180,24931396,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,sammoss948,"Fantastic game with excellent atmosphere. Some people don't and won't like it, but don't let that stop you. If this game appeals to your curiousity even a fraction, go for it. It's something different and captures some of the otherwordliness that Lovecraft puts across. Well done to the development team at AlphaWaves."
,Recommended,398180,25844625,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lt. Mura McToaster,My only regret is not having a VR headset to play this.
,Recommended,398180,26240378,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Justin Law,Gives a amazingly uneasy feeling not knowing to move or stay still sometimes you dont even want to look up or beside you and that voice could lure me to madness anytime!
,Not Recommended,398180,22810562,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Little Z,"I haven't played long but based one what I've seen I wouldn't recommend it. There just doesn't seem to be a lot to do other than drift downward and avoid enemies by lazily walking back and forth, and watching them pass or occasionally ""phasing"" through them. It's just not very fun or compelling. The world itself is interesting to look at in VR, but the novelty wears off quick and you're just stuck with a slow-paced walk around your room.EDIT: if you like the geometric shapes and want a cheap VR title, go with 5089: An Action RPG it's a fully fleshed out game, and WAY more fun for only a dollar or 2 more.Pros-it's a pretty cool geometric world, if I could set this game as a moving background to Steam VR, I would-fairly cheap game in a sea of 20-30 dollar VR demosCons-you spend the whole game staring down at the floor which gets very uncomfortable, very quick.-not much to do-deaths can be cheap-it's not always obvious what objects you need to dodge and which ones are just scenary (that break apart as you float through them)-gets boring very fastEDIT 2:-is almost never updated..."
,Recommended,398180,18369385,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ludovico Sforza,"One of these unconventional games which leave you thinking about not-sure-what, but that are completely worth playing. Euclidean is a trip to a particular representation of death -double smashing if you are on drugs, I suppose-. Lots of people say that the atmosphere has a Lovecraftian essence, and I have to agree with that since those geometrical forms, and, above all, those mother♥♥♥♥in cones remind me to the darkest stories of ""At the Mountain of Madness"" so far, and Cthulu's shadow is undoublty present through those minecraft-jellyfishes (whose tentacles were the main authors of my countless deaths).In order to finish this short impression, I think it's hard to determiner wheter I would reccommend this game to everyone. Of course, for me this can be perceived as a piece of art, but not everybody will feel satisfied with this proposal. What can be said for sure is that Euclidean will leave a trace on your soul no matter your preferences can be."
76561197999892327,Recommended,398180,25746225,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Serious,"unique, absolutly crazy game with cool atmosphere and fitting music."
76561198301417309,Not Recommended,398180,25465129,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Melfalik,"Took less than an hour to finish on normal. You fall. Play a few levels and your neck might hurt. It's not terrible, just not much to it.I enjoy Lovecraft, and I love vr...but I don't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,398180,31150708,Posted: 15 April,all,edemerzel,"it's got a proper atmosphere. unfortunately if they had taken the time to explain all the controls to you, this would have most likely pulled you out of the experience as it was meant to be, but i still regret not understanding this game fully so i could enjoy it more. it got boring extremely quick, but the concept is really sweet."
,Recommended,398180,18259996,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Pickle'O,This game is a good old cup of nightmare fuel.10/10 would drink again
,Recommended,398180,24584575,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr. Wokboo,"tl;dr: It's really, really mediocre. I love it.To be completely honest this game is somewhat of a guilty pleasure of mine.Mechanic-wise it's well executed, I guess, but it bloody well should be with such a basic premise as falling down and avoiding monsters is.The narrator has some really generic dialogue, that could have easily been spiced up with some more lovecraftian words and cues, namely ""eldritch"" and ""cylopean architecture"". A bigger lot of refernces to the Great Old Ones could have also been made. Long story short: it could have been more interesting. The fact that the narrator's voice modulation makes him sound like an angry teen trying to sound intimidating also didn't help the case.If you look at the rest of the sounds though, then we're talking a whole different game. The mix of weird, geometric monsters and underwater ruins coupled with the ambience of the game makes for a very atmospheric experience that puts you constantly on the edge of your seat, flicking your mouse in all directions like a maniac, desperately trying to see the baddies coming.I'm not sure if it's as hard as everyone makes it out to be but I'm guessing that's up to people to find out themselves."
,Recommended,398180,19010477,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Myrmidont,"Enjoyable for the eldritch horror fans, if rather short and (gameplay-wise) simple.Wonderful use of geometry to portray That Which Should Not Be."
76561198019333163,Recommended,398180,20308489,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SeriousLogan,"gets kinda easy as you start to understand the games mechanics, but very fun and very deep."
,Recommended,398180,25317441,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kolt,"This is really neat on the Vive. It's incredibly immersive and quite addictive. It's a bit lacking in content, however for the price it's definitely a good buy."
76561197970685997,Recommended,398180,24658038,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,rufous jayes,"Psychodalic, instense VR experience. You are slowly sinking down into an abyss trying to avoid objects and monsters.I can understand why a lot of people find this game a bit boring because you can only move very slowly, but this is what makes the atmosphere of this game - the unavoidable death. I think in the end it is worth the little money."
,Recommended,398180,23959438,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,FlyingSockCat,"This game is a great experience. It is kinda short though, and the achievements wouldn't work for me. Still, this game was very cool and worth a try."
,Not Recommended,398180,25450642,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ixurge,"Uh? What's that?I fall, I permanently fall, trying to evade things.Some nice settings.There is simply no fun doing this. Am I missing something? Could it be all there?"
,Not Recommended,398180,26346958,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Coolie Slim,"So this game nails a creepy dreading sense of atmosphere perfectly, and captures the feeling of being in a place deep where no human should be. HOWEVER for some strange reason the developers decided the best game play to accompany this would be the player moving very slowly trying to navigate monsters and debris that can only be seen when they are far to close to do anyting about it. You have a phase in/out mechanic to avoid the moving monsters which you cant use eeefectively because, again, the monsters (which are really just cubes strung together to look lke fish) move far faster than you and don't allow for you to use the mechanic effectively, leaing to trial and error gameplay which comepletely destroys any atmosphere as the game starts you five to ten minutes back and you have to hear the previously ominious voice say the same cryptic nonsense over and over and over. I shoudl've known these people didn't udnertsand how to design a game when I saw the difficulties were named ""Hard, Nightmarish, and Impossible"" as if they were trying to appeal to the Dark Souls crowd, but the Dark Souls crowd would never play a walking simulator. Total waste of money, would not recommend."
,Recommended,398180,18348913,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,eee,HORRYFIYING game that PARALYZES you in FEAR
,Recommended,398180,18243008,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Swaghetti yolognese,so far pretty good
76561198341476147,Not Recommended,398180,30141707,Posted: 24 February,all,Lexx,"Constantly stuttering frame rates in VR (no other game gives me trouble), and as another reviewer says it's difficult to see the point of it as you're falling through space and constantly get killed by unknown things you can't see or be careful to watch out for."
76561198075193975,Not Recommended,398180,19320869,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Blac.Über,The graphics are too intense. They fried my dual titan setup.
76561198210124347,Not Recommended,398180,31772030,Posted: 15 May,all,SwagMaster,"I guess the game isnt that bad but for 5 dollars 9 levels of pure darkness i dont think its worth it! I bought the game for 1,50 dollars and i still think its not worth it! It looks pretty fun on the trailer but when i started playing it i got dissapointed quickly! Its just way to dark and you just cant see what your doing in the game..."
,Recommended,398180,18844657,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Carnivore Angel,AAAAAAaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAaaaAAAAAAAAAaaaAAAAAAAAAAA/10
,Not Recommended,398180,22955214,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,T H I C C  Daddy Salvia,"The game tries to be meaningful, but it's just boring ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. One to the most lame VR experiences you can have. Slowly drifting downward simulator 2016"
76561198107182546,Not Recommended,398180,22652423,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ttshin,Mechanics seem less than intuitive on the vive. I'm wondering what its for...
76561197988510453,Not Recommended,398180,18230463,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sheep Lord,"It took me a while to figure out what I was controlling, and what I was supposed to be trying to do.  Good concept, but totally artificial difficulty."
76561198042052301,Not Recommended,398180,21140000,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,Complete Trash
,Not Recommended,398180,22834955,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,thei8507,"I don't know what I am doing wrong, but I keep doing it. Not very clear tutorial."
,Not Recommended,398180,22414271,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Fatal,Doesn't support Oculus Rift through SteamVR :(
,Not Recommended,398180,28281578,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Tyler,Wasn't really my thing I guess. Had a pretty poor emotional effect on my that I think I could have had. It's okay.
,Not Recommended,398180,22170503,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,kaymd,Spent at least 5 minutes trying to figure out how to START the game. Immediately died about 12 times because the game actively tries to avoid letting you know how to use it. Deleted local content and thought about how regrettable the steam policy of no refunds is.
,Not Recommended,398180,28438209,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,N i g g e r Clippings,start the game and there is like a quit and settings button 300 feet down and i cant get to it bad game
76561197970508018,Not Recommended,398180,22716829,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,real_trisk,"Very, very stupid product. The devs may call it ""art,"" but I call it lousy. Poor graphics, stupid looking ""enemies"" terrible controls, confusing menu, everything about this is poor. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,398180,18211812,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,quantim333,I paid $3.14 for this game. Hilarious.
