user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,398100,19151414,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Redmark,"Decent plot, good art but VERY short game. You can complete it in under 2 hours, and it doesnt have any variety.Completing the game once to unlock the whole gallery is a bust as you dont get rewarded from playing it a second time, you only get new dialogue.Choices dont make much difference and there are very few endings, 3 to be exact, not even a hidden easter egg ending? Shame...Also the pacing was a bit too Sanic. A lot of new things were just slapped on your face and it wasreally hard to keep up. Shows that the writer had so much to tell but so little time and space.With slower pacing, would've easily stretched the game to at least 4 hours.Definitely not worth the original price, even at -20% off at 8 dollars it was a bad deal.Not enough bang for you buck, but worth it if you get it cheap.It had potential to be a much better and LONGER story but fell off short.I'll rate it Manlet/5"
,Recommended,398100,33897890,Posted: 29 July,all,ρоѕιтяои_,"Highschool Romance is a slice-of-life visual novel developed and published by Dharker Studio. After moving to a new city, it's the start of Shoji's final year of high school but because of a crazy mix-up by his parents, he is due to attend an all girls school. Backing out now would be a costly process that would delay him from graduating on time with his class, fortunately, the principal has a solution to this strange crisis...pretend to be a girl in order to attend. You soon discover that what would have been a ""dream-come-true"" to many a male student is actually a lot more complicated. In this unusual situation, can you survive, make friends, or even find love? Highschool Romance is a light hearted V.N. full of teen angst and hilarious situations.Graphically, this visual novel is a wonderful delight to the eyes and has a top notch presentation just as all of Dharker Studios V.N.'s do. It has a manga-inspired artstyle that is extremely gorgeous and filled with bright colors as well as beautiful effects. Also of note is the fantastic audio quality and a quite memorable soundtrack which is delightful and fits the story perfectly. In summary, the excellent visuals and terrific aurals do a great job of complimenting the outrageous yet intriguing plot of Highschool Romance.This novel was a great read with endearing art and a very well written if not whimsical story. There are many decisions to make and multiple endings so the replayability is fairly high. Also, this V.N. offers a few options such as an image gallery to unlock as the narrative progresses, there are also Steam Achievements and Steam Trading cards to collect. In the end, Highschool Romance is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to fans of the visual novel genre and anyone in general who likes ""fish out of water"" stories."
,Recommended,398100,25222150,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Emprah,REMOVE THE NUDITY TAG  ITS MEANS NOTHING  AINT A SINGLE FULL TIDDY IN THIS MOFUKKA ♥♥♥♥♥♥MAN I AINT HAPPY WITH THIS  I BOUGHT THIS LOOKING FOR SOME ANIME TIDDY BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOO
76561198047609043,Recommended,398100,19146366,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Loli Princess,"The best girl in this game is the boy who's crosdressing as a girlNo joke.Shoji has child bearing hips, nice body, girlish face, everything.Plus, if he's your girlfriend you would have a lot of topics to talkand millions of activities to share in common.So, yeah, Shoji best girl 2015.I would pound dat A.S.S a million times overAlso, art made by a dude involved in Skullgirls. Fresh air from the common Uguu-kawaii-desu ne Animu artstyle."
,Not Recommended,398100,32910558,Posted: 27 June,all,macfluffers,"The art is great! The music is all right. The character design is pretty good. But I can't in good conscience give this game a thumbs up because of the sheer lack of content. I installed, played, and completed this game in one afternoon. Less than four hours of reading is not nearly enough, and I saw literally every scene. The people who made this game obviously did so with love and creativity, and I liked what there was, but there simply wasn't enough. It was basically a one-act story, without any of the time necessary to produce a build-up of tension. Not enough time for real conflict to emerge and resolve.There are other details I'm concerned with, like how shoehorned the drinking scene was, but I think a lot of these problems were caused because the writers wanted to cram in a variety of scenes but the game was too small to fit them. I'm interested in the future work of all the creators involved, because I don't think this game showcased their talents properly."
,Recommended,398100,23828409,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zazu,"This VN has to be one of the most beautiful ones i've personally read. When the game ended, I was heartbroken. That being said, I'm going to lay out some things I liked and disliked about the game.Pros+ Cute artstyle+ Gripping story+ Likeable characters+ Decent amount of choices throughout the storyCons- Story went by very fast- Characters become attracted to the protagonist a little too quickly- Some backgrounds don't adjust to the time of day- No illustrations to cover some imagination heavy parts (not really that big of a con but it kinda annoyed me personally)- A few typos that were overlooked during development (another ""not so big con"" but I felt like I should add it even though with them the text is still completely understandable)My InputOverall I think the game could have become something much better if they had put a little more thought into parts of the story and extended some scenes. However that does not change the view I have on the game, I still think this game is definitely worth the buy, sure the story goes by a little faster than anticipated, but you'll most likely have a fun time reading through it. If you arent so sure about getting it, wait until a sale and pick it up for about $6.There are 2mainendings, with a 3rd one being a little bit of an ""easter egg""there is also a ""4th"" and ""5th"" ending but they result in the main character not dating anyone with very little difference in dialogue. The game has no real reward for playing again, other than seeing the other choices and adding the rest of the pictures to the image gallery. One thing I personally enjoyed with this VN is that some choices cancompletelychange the way the story goes.Small Controversy(Spoiler warning)There is a character in this VN named Lea. This character is the principal of an all girls high school who IS romanceable. Okay, well i've seen a few people complain that this isn't ""right"", as a student romancing their principal would in most cases, be frowned upon, because of the possible age difference. Lea, also being a principal, dating and marrying a student is a little unprofessional. If it wasnt for the school being family owned, she could have lost her job entirely. Shoji, the main character, is a 4th year in high school, placing them at around the age of 17-18. Judging how the story goes i'm going to assume Shoji is 18. The story makes points on how Lea is a little young to be a principal, meaning that this could very well mean that she is around 25y/o or under. Now as an adult this doesn't seem too bad, with the max age differential being 7 years. I personally do not see a problem with this. Although it would be somewhat of a problem if the differential was over 10 years.I might be looking a little too deep into it, but I just wanted to address my opinion here, hehe.Final ThoughtsI think that anyone who is into romance/slice of life VNs are surely going to love this one, it is definitely worth the $10. My overall rating for the game would be about an 8/10, for the reason being that I feel like some things were just...missingwhile some things were completely spot on and I had no complaints about. The story was narrated so well by the protagonist that you felt everything they felt, the wording was just very well done and really pulled you into the story.I'm very excited to hear that a Highschool Romance sequel will be coming out later this year, I will be buying and reviewing that on release day.And that concludes my review for this VN, this is one of the first ACTUAL reviews i've ever done, If you'd wish to discuss anything feel free to add me c:Lea is the best girl~"
76561198039337300,Recommended,398100,19736821,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,James,"Played through and got the Selina ending. It's a cute game with stylish art, the characters look great. But it's pretty short. You can play through it in about one two-hour session, which isn't including the different endings of course.Something else that bothered me were the static characters. There aren't a great many expressions for them, and this clashes with the dialogue and intended emotion of the scene more than once. There are visual novels out there that do this better, but it's never really jarring, just disappointing.Also, I would have liked it better with adult content. Not sure if they left that out because of Steam or aesthetic decisions, but there is no 18+ version of the game.I'd recommend waiting for a sale, but if you have the money to blow I defs recommend it. Very cute characters with fun personalities. Plus adorable trap boy protagonist, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,398100,19204901,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,cats,"The drawing style is very good and makes the game attractive to play through.The game is a bit short and can be played through in about an hour (although I spent some time getting different endings and making different choices by making a new save for every choice that I got).The ""nudity"" in the game is very light which I find appropriate for any game you would buy on steam for all your friends to see. If you want something ""else"" then there are surely other services for that, or you could always patch the games you buy here if that's what you want *hint hint* ; pIf you are used to playing visual novels then this might be a bit light for you (because of the rather light and short story). I found the story to be pretty cute, even though they could have developed it a bit more.I would also have liked more scenes throughout the story as some dialogues would really deserve/need it, and I even found a few dialogues to not really fit with the current scene showing.Either way, for the price of this game I'd say it's worth it.It's a good game :)"
,Recommended,398100,23131041,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NotAWeeb,> Shoji is a guy> Shoji has really feminine hipsIt's everything we've ever wanted.
,Not Recommended,398100,21943855,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ArcticFoxUSA,"There are things you take for granted when you're reading VNs, that you miss when absent.  Screen transitions between scenes and days.  A distinctive text difference between your actual speech and your inner thoughts besides italics which you can barely distinguish.  Backgrounds that change based on time and location.  A pacing which lets you take your time and enjoy the experience before it's suddenly over.  A readable text background that doesn't make your eyes hurt after a few minutes (seriously, that bright red is enough to blind someone...)This game lacks all of those things.  It's a breakneck adventure with sudden jolts between scenes that is difficult to keep up with at times.  Whenever I started to feel myself enjoying the experience, I was jolted into another scene and the immersion was broken again.As a first attempt at a game like this, it's not terrible.  A $10 price point for this 2 hour romp through a fairly token story is a little steep.  You wouldn't regret paying a buck or two for it if you're tired of trips to feels town and just want a light-hearted romp with a few girls.I can't give a full recommendation in this state, but I'm still curious for the sequel.  If they smooth out some of the rough edges in the interface, learn about pacing, and make the game a little longer, Highschool Romance 2 could be a solid game.  This one just isn't quite there."
76561198050393679,Recommended,398100,19247319,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,NM,"Why am I rating this!?! Oh so lonely I have become.Anyways, I love the subject matter of the game, but it should have been filled with more visuals/content, especially with events where a visual instead of only text would be nice.As well as more areas to make choices instead of it making them for me.Conclusion:- Cute, quirky, and kinky game Idea- But severely lacks content. Although, I don't really regret my purchase so it is hard to rate this with two options."
,Recommended,398100,20570368,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ninjaofquest,"So I bought this game out of impulse when I saw Chilled play it. Let me just say this game was my first Visual Novel. It has a great, if slightly generic, storyline and definitely worth picking up if you're new to Visual Novels like I was. ""Nudity"" is a rather misleading tag because the closest you get is underwear and lingerie. This fact is better, though, as players can focus less on mindless sex appeal and perhaps enjoy the story a bit more. Is it worth $10? Probably not. Is it worth playing, however? Absolutely.Final recommendation: Shave a few dollars off this and it's definitely worth it. Full price, maybe, if you really want a quality Visual Novel."
,Recommended,398100,34799650,Posted: 7 September,all,Dormant Chariot,Easily my proudest fap.
76561198057395097,Recommended,398100,19170344,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,AlbatrossCafe,"I have never played a game like this in my life, so this is review is coming from someone who bought this game as a joke at first.Warning: contains potential spoilers.Things I liked:Characters had lots of charm to themMusic was catchyCool environments, solid artI got way more invested than I was expecting LOLThings I didn't like:I wish there were more drawings (poses? idk what to call it). Each character had only a few different animations and they shared a very similar model so there wasn't much variety.Needs to show more 3rd party characters! Even if just for a couple scenes. I'd like to see more than just the 3It was a little short for $8. I don't know if I can fault the game for that. I took my time, went back and repeated stuff, and it was just under 3 hours of gameplay. I think if they added another character or two it would have helped.My advice:For the love of god tell ""Miss Rowan"" to try the clothes on herselfI feel bad for Hoshi cus Selina is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to her, but go with Selina. She is a wayy more entertaining girlGood foray into this kind of ""game"" for me. I probably give a superficially high rating of 8/10 because I wish Selina existed IRL. Would give +.5 more if I could figure out how to get with the principal"
76561198051384176,Recommended,398100,19143729,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"A very beautiful yet unique VN.Lots of funny areas to read and there is a branch of choices that will lead to different endings.For guys like me, its actually amusing to laugh at some areas of the scenes which I cannot explain why but it just is.Both the Steam and MG versions are Identical so there is no Cut-Content.I wish they would give the music soundtrack as a Free DLC because its very calm to listen that I would leave the game on running playing other steam games and muting its sound."
,Recommended,398100,22543767,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Aerekplus,"Never have I ever felt so uncomfortable as a male,playing a male who is pretending to be a female.10/10 would Uncomfortable again"
,Recommended,398100,19257460,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,"The plot idea was meh.. but i enjoyed the characters in it. There are a few things i would like to see different. I wish Shoji had a bulge, I guess he could tuck. But i would have prefered to see something. More expressions on the characters faces, More poses. The art style is very nice with soft humor, It is quite short even for having 3 different endings. Its a solid VN. I'd recommend if you're into trap."
,Recommended,398100,24435336,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,CrimsonDX,"Very good game, though it does have its flaws1. There are no transistions between the majority of scenes. You are one place, and then without any warning you are in another place, or even another day entirely.2. There is no distinction between what the main character is thinking, and what he is actually saying. This made it hard to follow the conversation sometimes.3. Finally, lack of consistancy in the backgrounds with regards to time of day.Despite these 3 complaints however I very much enjoyed this cute, albeit short, story."
,Recommended,398100,25126932,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Blue Eclipse,A game for everyone who wants to be transgender but isn't man enough to become a woman
,Not Recommended,398100,29319807,Posted: 17 January,all,Not One Of Us,"As I've seen others say for various games, I kinda wished Steam had an ""Ehhhhh"" or ""Meh"" option alongside the thumbs up or down, as some games just fall into such a position.  However, I think there's enough negatives to Highschool Romance that I will unfortunately have to lean towards not recommending the game.The positives I'll state outright: it has an interesting concept, good music, and art that is different in an odd way but still more than competent.  The characters are also nicely done... somewhat.That leads into the negatives, and unfortunately they started to pile up the more I played the game.The first and most obvious problem is the minimal art, which seems strange that this would happen in a game where its more unique artstyle would be a possible pull.  This encompasses the backgrounds, special scene CG, and even character expressions - the last being probably the biggest problem.  A lot of times characters' expressions won't change even with the situation demanding it, which can result in some very awkward scenes.  Only the protagonist seems to have a good handful of different expressions to match the various situations.  Other characters have very minimal expression changes, usually none at all.Not many backgrounds were done, and so you will have conversations that indicate moving to another place and yet the background would remain the same, again making the scene feel awkward.With that, is special scene CG.  There is a really limited amount.  Three times more would've really liven up the game.  Instead, it's another way the game feels empty.  This along with only the four characters (including the protagonist) being the only people drawn, and the world feels very, very empty.The writing is okay sometimes, but often if feels too forced.  Game just doesn't give itself room to breathe, as though it's rushing to the ""meat"" of the game.  Usually that's a good thing, but in a VN, it can easily work against it.  This feeling also comes across in conversations with characters.  While they got some good aspects to them, their manner of speech is most the time too blunt, and thus not allowing the characters to develop themselves.  They often feel unreal in how direct they are.Other issues I have are things like time placement.  Scenes will jump from one to the next at times with little-to-no connection.  It can be difficult figuring out if an hour, a day, a week, or even months have passed by in-game time.Along with that is the story feeling overall railroaded.  The branches only effect who you end up with (if anyone at all), and have no consequence to any other aspects of the story.  You'll still end up making friends with a character who you earlier chose to not even interact with, you'll still join a club when you directly avoid the activity for it, and you'll still have a romantic encounter with a specific character no matter what.The last complaint I can think of almost sounds like a bug, and it may very well be one.  In one instance, a character wears risque nightwear, and your character has no special reaction.  Later, she wears the same nightwear, and your character reacts flustered.  Yet another time the game feels off.There's good stuff forming as a basis for this game, but it feels like the work was rushed.  What is there has decent polish, but it's just not nearly enough to recommend as a VN, even with the relatively low price."
,Recommended,398100,19913034,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Vanaan,"Absolutely great game, I would love to see either a sequel or just dlc that allows you to have more of the story of what happens after the endings or maybe an update that adds more endings and more characters."
,Recommended,398100,20373421,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Chiaki777,"I feel like there were some parts that really could have been illustrated or sections that could have been fleshed. I also think Shoji could have resigned himself to a full life of crossdressing goodness, but I was let down here and there.Heteronormative monogamy, *sigh.* THERE WAS SO MUCH OPPORTUNITY.Also, they weren't kidding when they said you can screw your principal, oh man. Wow."
76561198035579244,Recommended,398100,19512494,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,♀SinonNekoChan♂,Pros:+The art style is different than in any visual novel.+The characters are really cute.+Its fairly well animated.+The story is interesting...Cons:-...but its really short.-How is Shoji a guy!?8/10 Would fap to Shoji again.
76561198040798962,Recommended,398100,19461459,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Scuzzy Logic,"Really like gender benders, and this one was surprisingly mature about it.Would have loved a few more CG, but the quality is there and the dialog makes it feel native and not a localized game.8/10 would love a sequel."
76561197990998062,Not Recommended,398100,32228546,Posted: 6 June,all,-Pew Pew-[kshixey],"Disappointing. I was expecting more. How is this considered romance when there is hardly any buildup? Also its marked as mature with nudity... but all there is, is girls in their underwear. Not really what I would consider as nudity or even as mature.   There were also several spots that could have had a cute drawn scene that wasn't there, so it just felt lacking and unfinished. Not really any character building as there is hardly any background to the characters.I really liked the art style and the idea of this visual novel. But I just feel that it needed more put into it."
,Recommended,398100,24442070,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,月に叢雲花に風,A short cheap VN with nice aesthetics.I would have liked more art to represent what's going on in the text.Looking forward to the sequel.
,Recommended,398100,22292035,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I’m only giving a thumbs up on this VN because I really liked the art style plus the concept. But… It’s not so good as I was expecting. Characters are plain (Lea was the only good in my opinion, and Shoji was just cute) and the story seemed rushed. BG was amazing, BGM was ok (but kinda repetitive).This is an okay VN if you’re bored and have some sparing money. I recommend getting this only on a good sale since the game is too short.5/10. I would like to see another project with the same artist, that would be nice."
,Recommended,398100,22528219,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Spoonerrific,"So, I gotta start by saying that the review by The_Fresh_Prince is the reason why I got this game. His review was 10/10 IGN... Unfortunately, that was the best part about this game. I got HS Romance during a sale for 5 bucks - granted I played for almost 5 hours, I feel like I was slightly jipped. Why? Because the reviews made me think I was in for a crazy adventure that was just insane in every aspect. What I ended up getting was actually a relatively tame visual novel that told a relatively average quality story with little artwork and a short completion time. This makes it sound like I'm ragging on the game, but really, I think it was worth the $5 I payed for it. Just allow me to explain WHY this game was enjoyable - actually and truly.1.) The art that's there is really pretty and has a unique style. The girls are cute and the environments colorful (even if both are repetitive)2.) You actually do have some choices to make that effect the endgame. None of the choices are groundbreaking, but they DO make a difference3.)Because the content isn't as risqué as some reviews would have you believe, I played this for a stream with a couple of friends. We had plenty of laughs and were able to stay entertained for most of the title.TL;dr? It's pretty and has cute girls, but the nudity tag is a lie. Game is worth on sale"
,Recommended,398100,28206173,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CaptainRubix,"it's short, but I love the story.10/10 would crossdress again."
76561198201673363,Recommended,398100,34970893,Posted: 15 September,all,kenshinman21,"I enjoyed playing this visual novel, when I got it on sale. I find these dating Sims quite enjoyable, espically when I'm alone.As far as an honest review, I have this.Characters: Main protagonist kinda looked like a girl. Principal was hot and controlling. Sports chic had quite a bit of character development. Chic with glasses, stereotypical hot nerd. And then there is the blond, what can I say.Story: About a guy pretending to be a girl, because of mixup. Depending on choices you end of marrying one of the girls. There are some sad moments and character development, spoiler alert.Music: uplifting music, if I rember right there are several tracks that fit well with the scenes. The music might of repeated, I was to infested in the uh story.Graphics: I don't think it was the best graphics for a visual novel. But the artwork, fit well with the music and the overall light hearted feel of the game. When the graphic's shine would be the pictures for the gallery.Issues: I had no loading problems, sound problems, or game crashes.Should you buy this: yeah, if you want some fun and a good read. By the way, the steam wallpaper for the game is awesome; the girls are all smiling and super cute."
,Not Recommended,398100,19240758,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KnightlyArrow,That art style is cute and i love the design but the game is way too short for my liking.Everying seems a bit rushed and thrown into your face. You hardly get to make decisions and there are very few endings.I guess the game is alright if you're only looking for something to pass time.Personally i like to customize my characters if possible and I thought that more could be done with that.Overall it just seemed very rushed and the endings were not worth the time i put in to get them.
,Not Recommended,398100,28771777,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Topazwolf,"Bought it for the art style on a whim. It's okay I guess, but not really good enough to recommend. Let's break it down:First Major Complaint: I literally bought it for the art style and the game seems to go out of it's way to not provide art. It is incredibly stingy with new art and most of the fun poses seen in the previews account for a decent amount of the special art shots you unlock. It doesn't even provide a picture of fireworks when such a thing would be appropriate.Pros:* Decent art style when art is provided* Cute characters* Main character isn't insufferable* Story has potential for decent humorCons:* Literally only four characters including you. No one else appears to exist at the school* Romance is very shallow* No real landmark moments to make the game memorable. Pretty much just a meeting, a couple ""fun"" activities, a kiss, and a game over* Talking about lack of time spent with characters, all of three romance options are extremely one-dimensional and typically only have a couple traits that define their entire characterIt should be noted that I don't typically play Dating Sims (I've really only played a couple and the only two I can remember the name of is Katawa Shoujo and Magical Diary) so my expectations probably aren't in line with most since I didn't even realize this was a dating sim when I got it.Side Question: Is there any reason this game is set in Japan beyond genre convention?EDIT: Figured I may as well expand my review a bit.First and foremost, I didn't dislike this game. I don't even think it's a bad game really. 10$ for around 3 hours of content is fine with me. However, I also don't think it's good enough to actually recommend.Criticisms:* The game doesn't really build your relationship up with any of the characters very well. The principal is probably the most fleshed out in this context, though there are quite a few unanswered questions with that path. You might think that you would get some time to learn about the characters and understand what they need in a relationship (which is something I have noticed occurs commonly in other romance titles that I have played). This doesn't happen. In fact, only one of the three characters do I know for a fact has a living family.* The humor of the premise isn't used very well. To be frank I feel that it would pretty much be the same if you were just a non-straight girl in the academy. There are a lot of opportunities for misadventures that don't come to fruition.* There isn't really a lot of actual choice in the game. Using a guide (to 100%) revealed to me that many of few choices that there are tend to be completely cosmetic and not really affect the story at all.* The academy isn't fleshed out at all and you have no freedom to see it. While it might be interesting to meet some of the teachers and other girls going about, you don't really get to do any of that.It has a lot of problems and is probably the worst game of its kind that I have personnally played. That doesn't mean it's terrible though and if you can get around the glaring flaws of the game go ahead and get it."
76561198127933301,Recommended,398100,23385100,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Wing Kalas,10/10 would crossdress for kinky maid sex again
,Recommended,398100,19154018,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Apex,"I made a mistake, this isnt dota2."
,Recommended,398100,26783093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moo,"It's a pretty short visual novel, but there are four paths you can take that each have their own cute endings (or not so cute if you mess up). The gals in this visual novel all look great and Shoji himself is an adorable klutz. Happy to see a visual novel explore the more genderfluid side of the spectrum."
76561198147324352,Recommended,398100,27388474,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kazuya Yuko,You can make your principle your girlfriend. Why not.
76561198067014774,Recommended,398100,19157302,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Anonymous2012,"After the somehow little disappointing titles from this dev, with 'Highschool Romance'  you'll get a very decent and enjoyable VN.The art style is very nice and fresh, just the faces of the girls are a bit odd and you need some time to get used to them.The story isn't anything otherworldly but yet still nice and enjoyable and keeps you entertained through the game.Glad they added the 'maid' route because otherwise the game surely would have been short - took me about 2.5 hours to get the good and bad ending of Hoshi and Selina. In total it took me about 5 hours to see all CGs except one.IMHO it's a fair deal for the discounted price.I did not find any bugs but just a few minor typos and in some cases the written text wasn't matched to the correct girl. Nothing gamebreaking as you clearly can associate it to the right person.The only negative aspect (IMHO) is that the CG gallery is fully viewable right from the start of the game."
76561198036641020,Not Recommended,398100,33166304,Posted: 2 July,all,VendettaThrills,"That's 3 hours I'll never get back.  Terrible story/writing, not enough choice, sections dragged on, some segments didn't match up with previous story elements.  I got it on the steam sale, wasn't even worth that price."
,Recommended,398100,21235109,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Akka,"I have played more violent murdery death games than you can ♥♥♥♥ing count--but GOD FORBID a video game prominently feature CONSENSUAL SEX.How is the terrible, shoehorned sex in Mass Effect, Metro 2033, and Wolfenstein New Order (all murder simulators) acceptable, but not here? What kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up society considers love making more taboo than murder?How can you even have Romance without sex? It's in the ♥♥♥♥ing title."
,Recommended,398100,20126200,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sappho,Shoji is the cutest girl of them all.
,Recommended,398100,23611049,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Expand Dango,What the fresh hell is this I didn't want to go on a feel trip god damn This is such a cute story it was really hard for me to pick a girl to woo. I'm also glad there wasn't blatent transphobia and god i want them all to love me and I
,Recommended,398100,22781368,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Stannis,"I played this game for 3 hours from 2-5 AM, and I fell into a deep spiral of depression when the game ended. 10/10, would reocmmend."
,Recommended,398100,31366585,Posted: 25 April,all,kumo,You've fallen for my trap card
,Recommended,398100,29048242,Posted: 5 January,all,Torumekian,I am a girl now
,Not Recommended,398100,24651002,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Papercutzz,"Music, art and color is really cute and appealing. But it bothers me that you don't actually get to choose much in the game yourelf. The characters will ask a question, and after a long time of playing you'll think ""finally I can choose something"" but the main character you play as just kind of acts on its own. It's cute and nice for just reading and looking at pictures (some scenes don't even have any pictures though, which have annoyed me as well), but over all I'm feeling like I don't really accomplish anything with this.Cute idea though, but definitely needs way more interractions for it to capture. At least for me."
,Recommended,398100,21395673,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Angel Bunny,"This game would really only interest a real anime fan that enjoys finding more LGBT oriented stories and characters; not at all something to interest a casual anime ""davvler"" i guess would be a good word to use and someone not of the supportive LGBT variety. Its a visual novel about a androgynous boy that is mistakenly transferred to a once co-ed boarding school that is now an all girl school. So naturally the best course of action is to just go with and pretend to be a girl with the full consent and help of the principal. We've all been there once or twice right? By the way it is of course a visual novel, that means really its just a picture book that will have you spneding all your time reading and clicking your mouse just to turn the page. Ocassionaly you will have to choose what your character decides to do for what situation hes in, which is just to determine which girl you want to end up withThe 4 main characters--including you--are basically the common cliche, cookie cutter anime stereotypes found in alot of anime: Youre the androgynous ""male"" character that ALREADY looks like a female, yet somehow doesn't realize it and thinks he's a man's man, there's the softspoken shy over-academic glasses girl--with big boobs, the outspoken sporty competitive girl--with big boobs, and your hot-blooded principal/teacher that's actually SUPPOSED to be an older woman but looks and dresses like a teenager and has a thing for barely legal young men--of course with big boobs. But i still felt they were nicely designed characters.The story as well is just as cliche but tells itself well enough, its a shame its not just a full flegded animation. You fall ontop of girls in awkward intimate ways, you spill things on their big boobs, youre forced to make decisions between them, etc. Your character, while supposed to be heterosexual and cisgendered, somewhat discovers he can ""enjoy"" transvestite activites at least during 2 of your interests' paths (alot of people dont know a transvestite actually has nothing to do with homosexuality or transexuality) but thats really all the ""character"" developement that happens. However i cant in good faith advocate this as a truly lesbian or transgender novel because its not supposed to be despite it giving that impression.Pros:-It has a great bright vibrant artstyle that i absolutely love (perhaps even a bit too bright enough to hurt your eyes).-The girls have nice designs--especially Lea (omfg i want her clothes... ;_;)-Is a sweet romance anime novel-I personally rather enjoyed the girls personalities. Selina specifically i feel is the best and strongest character that probably makes the story as interesting as it can be, with Lea being the second.-If you look nicely drawn boobs, then the story has nicely drawn boobs on sexy ladies-Silly and humorousCons:-The whole grounds the story is based on is stupid i have to say. Thats not me necessarily saying its bad, but it is something that would ONLY happen in anime.-Notice how i kept saying the girls are nice characters with the exception of the character the story is taking perspective of right? Thats because the guy is not a great character at all that doesnt really have any terribly interesting qualities or talents that the other characters have to read about whether that was intentional or not. Not much is learned about him besides what you begin the game knowing about him in otherwords and thats how each story ends-The music while it is sweet and cute, is too few in variation and gets a little annoying after how long they go on and how often theyre used. It was especially annoying when youre reading something really intimate and mature happening between the main character and one of his interests and theres this really cheery upbeat tune playing to it that sounds like you should be reading about a little girl having a tea party.-No sex in case thats something you were expecting. It's strictly romance with some saucy moments, but nothing involving intercourse.-This visual novel was made to particularly interest anime enthusiasts that like romance, underlying LGBT stories and characters. If thpse things don't interest you this game novel most assuredly will notFinal verdict: 5.7/10. I genuinely did enjoy it for the story so i give it a thumbs up based on *my* interests. Lea and and Selina are great vibrant characters that are most of the interest to be found here while you are not in my opinion. There could have been more done with the story and the main character i feel. With that said i will certainly look forward to what the publisher is working on next."
,Recommended,398100,24437270,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,⎰❤MommaWind❤⎱,"8/10It doesn't really feel like anime or really look drawn like it but it's nice that It looks like a different artstyle and It's something that I'm not really use to It's something ""different"" and different is good.ProsGreat ArtsyleOk Story (It's better than most I've seen)Likeable CharactersChoiceConsShort gameI kinda feel like I wasted my money because of how short the game was :\"
76561198241596864,Not Recommended,398100,34792770,Posted: 7 September,all,Lpsrocks00,"While I love the (though very unoriginal) concept, the high price for a short game and limited character assets is not worth it."
,Recommended,398100,29591063,Posted: 30 January,all,TwiliSailor,"Awkward but unusually memorable. For a visual novel once again the price point is really the largest negative to the game. For a few hours of gameplay to complete all the endings. Only hardcore visual novel fans who really want a new story to experience will find this completely worth the price. The artwork is nice and the UI is very easy to understand, so the only complaint would be that it feels a bit basic.The ost is enjoyable and the story is decent. A highlight would be the branching paths that change the story in some way, which affects more dialogue than you would first expect. There are even a few ways to actually fail the game, not that is is very likely you will however. These add some depth and encourage multiple playthroughs.If you're a big fan of visual novels you'll find enjoyment here. It's well made and there isn't much to fault besides it being a tad cliche. It's not particularly special but its far from bad. I'd recommend it, but it's much better if you can get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,398100,20013486,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,veniti,Only like 3 hours of gameplay. 4/7
,Not Recommended,398100,20100561,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,XxSUGARSPARKxX,"The premise of the game is really funny and awkward, but sadly the rest of the game isn't all that interesting."
,Recommended,398100,20344395,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The suspect,I got Hoshi's EndingI got Lea's EndingI got Selina's Endingand it was all worth it soo fun game it's a really nice story try unlocking all of it :)
76561198054414382,Recommended,398100,29024569,Posted: 4 January,all,M¡X,Short but memorable story.
,Recommended,398100,21666121,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nine-S,"Pros:+Trap protagonist.+Very good, unorthodox art style. Reminds me hentai artist Doxy.Cons:-Not enough background arts. It's quite annoying to the characters talking about being in a completely different place than what is shown in the background.-Not enough character portraits. In many cases the characters expression doesn't represent their emotion properly.-There is still a few of mistakes where some characters said something that's supposed to be said by other character. It doesnt really bother me but mistakes are still mistakes.-Uninteresting story. It's the same quality as some random hentai doujin.-Bad music looping. Sometimes the music fade out completely as if something is about to go down while in fact the music track is just ended.-The protagonist, Shoji is completely drawn like a girl. No crotch bulge, hips wider than his shoulder, curvy waist, etc. Which is a bit disappointing since any decent trap artist would have left some male qualities in a trap character. Although it's understandable since the dev is probably trying to attract more normie audience.-The profile backrounds you get from crafting badges is sooo badly edited. Which is even more of a disappointment since the artworks in the game is really good.Regardless, I still enjoy the game as it is: a visual novel game with trap protagonist. If you are a normie this game could be your gateway to trap hentai. If you are a person who already explore the deep world of hentai though, you are probably going to be disappointed."
76561198128355246,Recommended,398100,21629870,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Custard Pie,"It is a great choose your own adventure (Is that the right term?) that follows a nice path, but, like the other reviews, my main gripe is that it cost 10 bucks and I beat it in 3 hours. Then I spent an hour getting the other endings, which are linear to each other, just with a different person and in some cases, a different posision at the same location except some of the Lea moments (Unless you send mixed answers to all of them, then it just ends prematurely and says that this school was just like the rest and he gets nobody). It's like a multitrack recording, the same song but there's anouther mic on a different instrument playing its melody to the same tune.  After that, it's like a book you've already read. The suspence is gone (well, it was really gone after the first time around, there was a hell of a lot less once the 2nd and 3rd were underway) and you end up just skipping through all the dialogue because you've been this way before, just click a different answer. The cost to entertainment ratio is horrible, but I will admit, those 1st 3 hours were great. It managed to play my strings like I were in a relationship, I even squealed at certain parts in joy! (Boy, does that make me feel like a girl...) If the sequel was released, I'd probably get it to see excactly how this could be followed up, and if the length issue were addressed. I really do like this game, it is a short but sweet wonder, It'd be a 5/5 if it had more length to it, but since it doesn't, 4/5 will do. I will end this stupidly long meandering ramble to nowhere now. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,398100,21376490,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fh,"I enjoy the occasional VN and have extensively played some of the huge ones on the market (Muv-Luv trilogy, Fate/Stay, Kamidori Alchemy meister, etc.) and found Highschool Romance to be alright.Overall, the game has 4 achievements (one for each ending and a 'secret' achievement) and 18 unlockable CGs. The gameplay is typical to all VNs I have played though they were missing one of the more important features to a VN. I was unable to scroll up to view previous text, which is generally a hallmark of VNs.For grabbing the game at around ~$6.75, I spent 6 hours 100%ing it. I found that a price of $5-7 range is the best for this game since it isn't particularly long and somewhat repetitive. There are about 4 background tracks tops and sometimes they do not fit the scene they play in which can convey the wrong kind of atmosphere to the reader imo. Another aspect that fit in the okay, not exceptional category is that I think there are... 6? background CGs tops. Not to mention that the character's writing  would have benefit way more from a longer game.Basically it boils down to:* Not many background CGs* 3-4 music tracks tops* Music did not fit some scenes* Characters were a little shallow, leading into* Game should have been longer for better character depthDespite the flaws, I did enjoy the art style and the story was certainly alright, though reactions to certain things were a bit disappointing. Get it if you are new to the visual novels genre and would like to give it a try for cheapRating would be about 3.5 out of 5lea best grill"
,Recommended,398100,19785388,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Atsushi,"TLDR; I finished this in barely a day, good graphics and a few nitpicky things, very short gameplay. Would really recommend it to those who like concise VN's with very few characters.I suppose there isn't a whole lot to say about this game, more-so considering i'm a 'noobie', but anyways!!The art was cute, more or less ""aesthetically pleasing"" from MY point of view (although some might disagree), and the characters were fairly interesting with seemingly different backgrounds and personalities, albeit I suppose it would've been appreciated to branch a bit more on their characters-- It may've made them a bit more 3D in a way, but beggars can't be choosers.Aside from all the interesting options, the semi good music (it wasn't bad but it wasn't overly good & the changes weren't all that in 'sync', if that makes sense, making it a bit off to listen to-- More or less, overly joyful music & suddenly a dreary tone slips in. Otherwise it was pretty good for the most part), and the pretty cute characters (ngl Shoji has wormed ""her"" way into my heart among the other characters), the gameplay itself was....lacking to say the least.As many others have stated, the game was far too short and I honestly would've appreciated a lot more, maybe some other characters and various scenes which would've made it a bit more fun! (There were some scenes that were described but didn't have a picture which was a tad bit upsetting to say the least-- For further clarification, i'm not talking about the scenes that progressed soon after one of the CG's showed up or the small tidbits describing certain things progressing around the main character).There were a few grammar mistakes & some of the CG's weren't necessarily linked up to what was being said, for example, Shoji would mention something about putting his shirt back on but in the CG he'd still be in a bra or whatever-- Just nitpicky things, nothing that detracts from the overall gameplay and nothing to really, you know, fuss about.Aside from the cons to this game, i'd really only recommend this to people who're looking for short gameplay and very FEW characters (as well as choices). Can't really complain about the price as it wasn't OVERLY expensive but not TOO cheap to be considered a rip-off of it's worth."
,Recommended,398100,20169189,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,B E P I S,it has ♥♥♥♥♥ in it+1 from me
76561198017435319,Recommended,398100,19946874,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ZeroBeat,"I will absolutely recomend this, I had my fun and taking it I have all but one of the pictures I'll have alil more fun with it. Now one of the most common cons I've seen writen down for this game is that it's short and I guess you cant argue that, It is'nt as large as some other visual novels but that doesn't mean it's bad. I actually really liked it and ♥♥♥♥ed up my first go, I got a Lone depressing ending and it actually touched me. If your looking at the sale and debating it grab it and try it out, Art Style is Amazing and I did like the story. Not a crossdresser but put into a situation like his maybe be persuaded if situation was dire enough. Grab it and Give it a Go, Why not?"
,Recommended,398100,28005704,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Miss Penelope,"Male protagonist; three female romance options. Crossdressing!This game is great, albeit short and with only a few endings to achieve. I think two particular things make is worth the time and money: the art and the premise behind it.The art is extremely attractive and has a sort of pleasantly colorful cartoony vibe that is slightly anime but slightly western in appearance - all the characters are cute in their own way and the exaggerated expressions really give it a friendly, sweet-hearted feel. The unlockable scenes are all gorgeous and for the most part unique from another and not just the character posed on a static background that you see sometimes, I am particular fond of one scene where the protagonist and one of the girls are playing tennis for a reason I can't quite put my fingers on, I just really like it. Of course there are some sexy ones too, particularly of girls in underwear!The concept is, as far as I know, fairly unique to Steam and so for a fan of cute boys in skirts, like myself, it is one of the few things that can scratch that particular itch. The only other somewhat similar game I can think of, which I will not mention, is extremely cringe inducing even to my incredibly deviant mind. So I more or less have to give this game gets even more props in the concept department for simply not going totally foot in mouth with it. Such is the state of the genre of cute boys in skirts.The story is unfortunately far from exceptional. Two of the primary romantic interests are flat and contrived respectively, but the third was a pleasant surprise. I had gone in presuming I'd have more fun and interest in pursuing the more quiet, introverted character, as I often do, but unfortunately found her to be kind of flat and dull. The extroverted athletic girl on the other hand surprised me completely with both her slightly aggressive pursuit of you and how she interacts with the initial premise of the game. The third and final romantic option is a little crazy but I guess why make a hidden route normal? I liked it second best, after the athletic girl.However, my main criticism of the story is the fact that it is a story about a boy who is crossdressing but at the same time it definitely isn't a story about crossdressing. Relatively little time is spent on the sort of difficulties such a situation would really have. It feels a lot like that in girl's clothes Shoji is immune to all suspicion. Voice, shaving, feminine behavoirs - all these things are more or less shrugged aside with only showers being the weak spot in his disguise. However, I don't think the cute, happy art style was really suited to a more serious examination of the subject matter.My secondary criticism is that fact that a single very early choice seems to lock off two of the four endings. It's always a shame to go in and not being sure who to pursue and to find out by the end that one or more of the options will result in failure due to an early choice. I could be wrong about this, but in my first play through I pursued one of the girl's and didn't manage to get the good ending despite taking prettying much all her options in the mid and late game.Also, one last thing. I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing there was no m/m route, given the trope of crossdressing being linked to gay men is tired, I still would have appreciated the option if it were available. It would have been cute as hell in this art!"
,Recommended,398100,19404297,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Firefly,"High quality artwork and backgrounds...pretty decent background music.... and yet, the characters arereally.....flat?IDK. I guess I need to play it more... I will update my review after I do so.But initial impression is that it's kind of a boring game. OMG! Male character thrust into clutches of horny principal of all girl school.... two girls interested in him, I mean, her... (why only two?!?!) and both are annoying and boring asf.If it weren't for the artwork, I would probably stop playing this. I am hoping it picks up a bit though. It bums me out that there are only three options to choose from, AFAIK... Busty Principal Woman, Overlystudious yet Boring Asf Glasses Chick, or Annoyingly Dull Sporty Girl. Yawn. The main character is really submissive and seems to get bossed around a lot. His/her gender does not matter, it's the personality. And yet I find MC most likeable character in entire game which is ironic b/c in dating sims/VNs/otome games, I tend to find the MC really ♥♥♥♥ing boring/annoying/submissive/whine-y....still not saying I love him/her, but at least makes the game semi tolerable.Everything else seems horribly formulaic and droll. Sorry. I feel bad saying this b/c the art is terrific and I really enjoy the visual/audio aspects of this game.I almost downvoted it, but I upvoted it instead b/c I think it's not a TERRIBLE game (got it on sliiight discount too) but it def could be better. I will revise my review as I continue to play, assuming it holds my attention long enough to finish."
76561198246234164,Not Recommended,398100,35056459,Posted: 18 September,all,IL PALLINO,"Overview:Highschool (sic) Romance is a visual novel set at a private school.  The main character is a boy sent to the school by his parents, only to find out the admission policy changed, and that the school is now an all-female institution of learning.  For reasons unknown, the principal of the school decides to admit the main character, but transvestize him to fit in for whatever reason.  Along the way, the main character encounters two other girls in addition to the principal.  Expecting more people to be encountered?  I know I was.Graphics and sound:Highschool Romance cuts so many corners, the programmers would be better suited for making globes.  The main thing that really stood out to me, was that gym class was being held outdoors, and yet the graphic on screen was the stock picture of the gymnasium:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1137937624I should have taken a closer look at the graphics when I got Highschool Romance, but for some odd reason, it wasn't until I got in game, that I noticed that every female in the game looks like they have a Hapsburg jaw.  In fact, the jaws are even more pronounced on the females than the male character, which may explain why the principal thought the main character could pass for female.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1137933234I was also disappointed by a scene in which another character attempts to put makeup on the main character, yet all you're treated to, is the same stock picture of the main character and his Plain Jane face.  Not even the tiny picture of the main character features him wearing makeup, yet you would think that such a scene was big enough to warrant a full sized screenshot.The sound is nothing special.  The music isn't my style, but it's a letdown in the sense that it doesn't help set the mood of the game, which should be the be all, end all for a game's soundtrack.  There's very little sound effects to speak of, and none that stand out.Positives:Although the idea of transvestized (and sex changed) anime boys is nothing new, I did have a lot of fun with the concept of this game earlier on.  I was really humored in the beginning when the principal takes the main character shopping for girl's clothes.  It's obvious that shopping trip was designed by a man, because there was a lengthy trip for lingerie shopping.  (My personal favorite part of the game.)  But absolutely no mention was made of buying shoes.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1137933725Negatives:The main character is in a school full of girls, and yet only three other people seem to exist.  The only interesting thing about the trio, is that they have Hapsburg jaws.  They're merely just stock characters masquerading as major characters with no interesting details or personality quirks about them.  The athletic girl in the game has the same physical attributes as every other athletic girl in Anime (including warrior women):  Her arms and legs are just as lacking in muscle as every other female in the game (or movie), and her breasts have the same amount of fat as every other non-athletic girl.I'll admit to being suckered into those tags on Steam that infer Highschool Romance has nudity and mature content.  Both of these were lacking.  I was thinking that maybe I should play through the game again and see if there's any other path that offers nude scenes, but I lost interest in the game soon afterwards.  Just as well, because I noticed that all of the ""interesting"" pictures from the game are online outside of Steam, anyway, and I saw none that contained nudity.Adult content aside, when a game has the word ""Romance"" in the title, I don't expect anything less.  The kissing I saw in the one path I took was just that; kissing without substance.  I felt no sort of attachment to the girl that the main character was kissing, and I'm sure the rest of the girls would have been equally disappointing.  No dialogue to infer how much in love both characters were with one another, zero passion in the pictures involving ""love,"" and really, absolutely no sense of beauty in intimacy.Conclusion:The game would have been more aptly labeled ""High School Transvestism,"" since it's an even bigger point of the game than the romance.  But I've learned my lesson:  Don't pay more than a dollar for a game that has only four achievements!"
,Not Recommended,398100,20134845,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Wida,No. Great premise that could have been fleshed out. Only in a very few number of spots did you get the opportunity to add your input.Would have been better as a cartoon.
,Recommended,398100,19324256,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lewd rabbit,You do lewd things in high school!
,Recommended,398100,32664327,Posted: 22 June,all,Flλmε HдzЭ,"The story itself is very original and fun but it falls short.Anyway, the art is very very good (that's what I call the attention of the game, but I'm not an anime fan). It's for hanging out while listening to music. I also really liked profile backgrounds.More information: the protagonist in itself seems more woman than boy (more curves than guitar)."
,Recommended,398100,20004354,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PotatoSama,"GG i don't know how, bbut it made me sad ;-;. 10/10 would play again"
76561198327277599,Recommended,398100,29392384,Posted: 21 January,all,Sleepy Tomoko,"Enjoyed the story and paths that were given, good plot overall."
76561198068345433,Recommended,398100,24484338,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,HaZiiHaLo,"This game made me feel like I was sinning as I played, but had so much fun I just couldn't stop.  It's one of the more fun visual novels that I have been able to experience. Pretty unique visual novel.Pros:+ Nice story+ Sweet art+ Many endings (some quite hilarious)++ You get to bang your principal!!!+ Trading cards+ Community guides to help if neededCons:- Not worth retail, pick it up on sale.Play similar games? Send me a friend request!"
76561198141804718,Recommended,398100,25254866,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,blood 1504,"I am  going to give High school romance a postive  review.But  with a few  warnings there is  no nudity   or sex scenes in this very short visual novel .    Unless you count  a picture of sojigetting kissed as a sex scene   . This vn feels like it has been edited for steam but there does not seem to be   an  uneditedvershon with nudity  . It takes your basic  story of your socially  awkward virgin male . Arriving at  an institution filled with girlswhere he ends up  being romanced by each of the girls depending on which choices you make .There are 3 girls in the vn and 3endings  the twist being that he dresses as a girl  because he has been accepted as a student at an all girls school .The animation  character type that would describe the main character soji would be Dandere (see link below for varous animationcharachter types.). All 3 girls are  character types we have seen many times before . However  the question I have to ask is did ilike playing this and the answer is yes .  It is very short  and easy to play does not have very much variation in the bacgroundmusic but does have a  function to turn off the background music  off  .I would wait for it to go on sale  .  As  once you  unlock all the achievements  and pictures it does not have much replay valueHowever on a personal level I like  how this  vn  breaks down    social stereotypes of   what  boys and girls are supposed to do.I especially like some of the lines in it where the  female character's . who know soji is a boy  pretty much tell him that his sexualidentity does not make a difference as to who he is as a person .but  I especially like one line in this vn spoiler alertwhen  soji confesses to one girl that he is a male. She  says she knew that but she treated him like a girl becase she thought he""identified as a girl""http://kotaku.com/how-to-identify-popular-japanese-character-types-1169085239"
,Recommended,398100,20136190,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ackman,"5 minutes in, this is the sort of game I would've loved a few years ago!Since then, I've come out as trans.So, I guess what I'm saying is, if this is your thing, maybe go to a gender identity clinic, feel things out? No obligation or anything."
76561198304354597,Not Recommended,398100,25270553,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,cleptoglamorous,"How is this is a dating sim? I played this game for an hour and a half and only got to make one choice which literally had no impact tot the story. If I wanted to read a book, Id pick up a book."
76561198048168263,Recommended,398100,19343530,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Swampfox0013,9 outta 10I am the prettiest girl
76561198079296839,Recommended,398100,19253831,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Pussy DSTRYR69,BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED IN MY ENTIRE LIFELIKED THE ANIMU AND THE MUSIC ALSO REALLY GOODFAPED TO DEATH 10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND
76561198209817584,Not Recommended,398100,24073482,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,tr000pa,"Highschool Romance is a ""my first VN"" experience, the music is decent and the sprite quality is generally nice, an issue is that there needed to be more emote faces for the cast.The game is pricey for a ~2 hour read (depending on personal pace) definitely a Sale Only purchase.Shoji is cutest girl/10"
,Recommended,398100,19246347,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Karrabba,"A visual novel with characters that are actually interesting and entirely likeable?  Count me in!  I highly recommend this one to anybody who enjoys visual novels, but is tired of the usual anime tropes and stereotypes that are seemingly ever-present within the genre.  Well-written dialogue and high-quality artwork is what this game is all about... that and dressing up in women's clothing.  Hey, this is a judgement-free zone!"
76561198055200382,Not Recommended,398100,21290966,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Char the Great,"*Short Version*At the time I am writing this, I only have 3.7 hours logged for this game. With that said, I have completed all three of the story arcs, both good and “bad” endings.It's a nice little visual novel. However, it left me wanting several things, especially if you compare it to something like Katawa Shoujo. Overall I would rate it 6/10 but I would not recommend the game to a friend in the current state that it’s in.However, if it’s on sale then go ahead and get it.*Long Version**Cons*-There are several lines of dialogue that could be used as choices. I don't know if it's just me, but I would prefer a choice of telling someone if I'm a lesbian instead of being able to choose tennis or running.-There is also a severe lack of endings. There's only three routes and five endings in the game. More characters would be nice or the addition of truly devastating bad endings instead of the neutral like ""bad"" endings. Also with the addition of more characters, it would allow other endings to close off easier and make the choices in game more meaningful.-More character flaws would be nice too. It seemed to me that everyone was a ""Mary Sue"" and gave me no real reason to become attached to a character. There's a lot of opportunities, however, in the plot that would allow for development of flaws, which brings me to my next point...-The plot seemed rushed. There are so many good events or problems that could have been expanded upon. I.e. when Hoshi is doing other people's homework, this subplot gets dropped within the same scene and never brought up again. There are countless more examples of this and makes a game that could be 4-6 hours long take only 2.-The art doesn't always match what's going on in the background. If dialogue says that it's dark then I don't want to see bright blue skies in the background. In addition, the only still pictures used are for either kisses or underwear scenes. It would be nice to actually see the board games that you're playing with Hoshi or the fireworks that are in the sky during the festival. In addition, there are a lot of character models with different expressions. It’s hard to take the scenes seriously when Selina or Hoshi is supposed to be mad but their faces are smiling.-The music is annoying after hearing it over and over again. It's too simple and short to hear constantly.-The transition of time is awful. Several times the game moved on to the next day. But because there are no visual cues or even change of lighting, it’s hard to follow when that happens. Just the screen fading to black for a second would be better than what is there.-An interface to recall previous dialogue. If you skip something you have to either revert to an old save or start over from the beginning.*Pros*-This game has a lot of potential. It has an interesting concept and a decent story. I really enjoyed Lea's path.-The art is actually really nice. I just wish I was able to see more of it. I really wanted to see Shoji and Hoshi sing karaoke.-It takes a delicate and controversial idea and doesn’t butcher it.Overall I would give it a 6/10 as of right now. What I would really like to see before the release of the sequel is a more fleshed out version of this. If that were to happen then this game would easily be 9/10."
,Recommended,398100,21536400,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Spitty,"Not only have I developed a habit of wanting to dress like a girl, but now I can live it, too."
76561198126430102,Not Recommended,398100,19310353,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bones,"So, I'm the only person in the whole world who doesn't love this game. Am I playing the same one? First, the drawing style is unattractive - all the characters are lumps! But that seems to be a trend, so maybe it's just me. Then, the game seems to move too fast, skipping over issues and possibilities. It's like playing an outline for a game. And it needs a ""skip read"" function to get through the massive chunks of unchanging sory between choices on replay. I play a lot of visual novels and dating sims, so maybe I was expecting too much. Overall, the idea is great, but the story and play are awkward an unsatisfying. The drawing and story just didn't draw me in. This isprobably a good game for beginners or middle schoolers."
76561198067294389,Not Recommended,398100,19350913,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,keturahk,"this isent a bad game but im not sure its worth the money i spent on it. the amount of women you can be paired off with is limited to 3 so there really isnt much of a selection to pick from and i found that i didnt really care for any of them. they were all very dull. in fact i found the whole thing very bland, and i personally was not a fan of the art. in fact i bought this game despite the art hoping that a good storyline (or at least good characters) would save it for me. i mostly bought this game based off of the positive reviews i read and my desprate need for a good otome game. im not to upset about it. after all i did just get it on sale for 8.50$ but its 8.50 down the drain. i could barely make it past the begining. its likely another game that will just sit in my library and never be touched. im not sayig it was bad but i cant recommend it to you. if you would like to try it for yourself go ahead, maybe you will like it. but overall i think its best to just skip this one."
76561198262519942,Not Recommended,398100,20234288,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The bored one,Its great... but i got stuck in a loop where it just puts me back to the same choice no matter what i do. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled. Ive chosen a slightly different path. Ive even tried to contact the creator on his website. Its been about a months since i last tried it and i still have the same problem... :(
,Not Recommended,398100,33303757,Posted: 6 July,all,Dragoslove,"Meh?  ""Mature"" really isn't a great tag for this game.  ""9th grade boy's wet dream"" might be better.  Other Dharker games are better."
,Recommended,398100,24669024,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Rizzy,"+ nice artstyle+ multiple endings+ main character felt more natural than artificially dumb+ choices made sense+ genderbender not used for cheap comedy- could use more character sprites- only real minor plot twists (apart from third route)Cute, colorful game to pass time on a rainy day."
,Recommended,398100,20646016,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,*Yuki*,"Literally best gift for your male friendsHighschool. Someone hate it, someone love, but its part of our life and we cant ignore it.So... Whats, if accident happens and your new school is girls-only?Some pervys can imagine it as harem, but this story isnt about it. Its about guy, who needs to crossdress into girl cuz of this situation. Sounds mad? Maybe, but if it wont scare you - just grab this. Or if you like 2D traps, like I d...nevermind :ISo, in short.Pros:+Few routes. Yep, its not katawa shoujo, but here are 3 full endings (full = not when you ends with your hands only). Also few choises - not as much as could be, but also not like in sakura series :/+Pretty graphics. Rlly - not another copy-paste, where every character looks same as other one in different title+Fanservice. I know, lewds, you are here for it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) There is, actually, no nudity, but, atlest, no pg13 erotic too, like in sakura series (Im used this again, cuz its very popular in steam)+Cards. Cuz this game is a bit niche, they have a bit higher price than they could be. Thats cool if you dont wanna to craft badge. 3 of 5 drops in game.Mehs:~A bit short. Im not fast reader, cuz english isnt my native language, so - I did 100% (all routes, all choises, all stuff in gallery) in like 4.5 hours (and one more hour farmed cards). Its not worst result for vn, but not best too.~Plot. Im not fan of slices, so - it wasnt my coup of tea. But, for someone else its may be in pros, so - placed it hereCons:-Not much sprites. Rlly. Not all action scenes have custom backgrounds actually, like if its censored (but it isnt). For not free vn, its not best thing.Overall: its little, butfun(rlly fun - some scenes made me laugh)slice vn, a bit cliched, but it looks different anyways, cuz of situation.In my opinion, itsmust have for every trap-lovers and recommended for fans of slices. Also, as I said, its may be awesome to gift it to your male friends with stereotypes :^)Anyways - Highschool Romance 2 announced and my body is ready :D-----------------------------------------PS: Selina > Lea > Hoshi. Shoji is out of ratings, cuz we all know he is best as every trap ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198055516546,Not Recommended,398100,19244204,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Blake Belladonna,"This game, while holding a whole lot of progress, is pretty terrible. I found that there was too much text between scenes and only a few of your choices really matter at all. Also, the price for this is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to high. I bought it on sale for 8 dollars but I feel like it should be more like a dollar. Sorry game devs, but this one is a disappointment."
76561198058366676,Recommended,398100,20722051,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ехидный,"The drawing style is cool, I like it more than casual anime one.This boy has sexy thighsThe story is weird, but I don't dislike it. Pretty good novel."
,Recommended,398100,24513643,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Crodo,What am I doing with my life.
76561198051317896,Recommended,398100,24307964,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tregarde,"A cute, short, entertaining visual novel. Well worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,398100,25221846,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Magical Girl Aleksandra,This was a really cute light novel.Can't waith for the sequel
,Not Recommended,398100,24492661,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Josey The Gaylord,"This game was really cute, but over-all way too short."
76561198380260885,Not Recommended,398100,33540455,Posted: 14 July,all,tedawg13,This game is loads of fun althought I'd be more inclined to call it a interactive story. Here's what I liked about it frist it's a comedy that is funny with out the need to be stuiped or volger. Secondly the art work is JRPG greatness it looks simluer to animies like Sword Art Online and Yu-Gi-Ho! this is sadly were it ends though. (yes my spelling sux) So here's the down side of it. Frist no voice acting (witch it needs badly) realy anyone of the street could do it. Secondly the soundtrack is awful it best for background noise is all. Last of all too short of a game there's no classroom interaction you don't realy do anything say read the words. My answer to this is Bully yes it's not the same setting (get over yourself) but it also has a kid in school a few mods and you'd have a far better version of Highschool Romance. If this game is $10 or less (steam sale it) then get it otherwise don't bother.
,Not Recommended,398100,26667130,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Raspberry Queen,This game is a bit strange.. i played this twice because the first time i got no one. I tried it a second time focusing on one person and still got no one.. strange very long and a bit dragged out.  way more hype over something i did some what enjoy the game overall wasn't bad.Plot: 4/10  wasn't really one just don't get caught a possibly find a bae?Character Design: 6/10 The characters were kind of bland.. they had some good points but not enough in my opinionGraphics: 9/10 Something i really liked about the game was the art style. I love the art style it is very cute and cartoony.Overall: 6/10 honestly this game just didn't do it for me. Maybe i'll decide to replay it but honestly only if i had nothing else to do..
76561198319072900,Not Recommended,398100,24417078,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Umdon,"Let me clarify.  I don't like this game much but for what I spent on it (5 dollars) I didn't fee too bad about playing it beyond the ablity to return it since I was interested till the end of the game.Now maybe the appeal of this game outside of steam is sex scenes or something that are missing for obvious reasons.  But that just leave the actual part of the game that should make you buy it since getting it just for fap material is stupid as you'd easily just find free stuff online.Now on to the review...My main issue with the game is text.  With no voice overs you will be reading a lot, and many times there will be internal monologues by the main character in italics.  The problem is the italics are so small a change I couldn't tell when what was what till I paid attention more or just assumed from what makes sense the most with what was said.  This means it was a choir to read and that's before getting into one of the paths being so simplified and wish granting that I can't handle caring about it.It's a cheap game that can't be bothered to have more than the 4 characters with designs in the game.  And the fact outside the main character the other three are his partner options just makes it hard to engage.  No generic NPC even in the script really makes the story feel small and doesn't help with the tone at all.If you can get it on sale and want a cheap Visual Novel to get an idea of what the genre is or are out of other options I say this is a good get.  Just realize that it's one of the worst examples in the genre since even if it did have sex scene they would have to be written has the hottest things known to the genre to even compete with have the other things on steam."
,Not Recommended,398100,21327685,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Big Boss,"Not too bad for $6.00, but not that good either. As these kind of games go this was pretty mediocre.  On a scale of 1 out of 10 I'd give it a 1.5, I suppose you get what you pay for though."
,Recommended,398100,20574534,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Cheese.mov,"Best ""fast"" drunk gaming experience ever.Kinda short and I have no idea, how I managed to play this, but still a nice one time play."
,Recommended,398100,23097247,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Loqua,"Advance notice, I am writing this review having only played about 5 minutes of the game initially, but there's already some pros and cons to the game I want shared, particularly to the devs that are worth mentioning, especially if this game is moving on to a second iteration.Initial impressions:The game/novel appears to be colorful and vibrant, and the text style choice has an appealing design to it.  The UI seems spot on.  I start reading and I'm in the character's head, but then as soon as we get to the principal's office, I'm suddenly surprised at the Principal's response.  There was no indication of items being said vs being thought.  It was jarring to need to spend that extra moment to pay the closer attention to tell what can be taken intuitively by a little more setup or preparation.The art was has a very unique style, and it has its own lull appeal to it, though at times it had me slightly repelled.  My preferences in what I'd want to see could be overlooked, because it's so different, but there became a few other issues with the art so far.  One is just how little the characters differ in form/posture.  Maybe I'm not far enough in yet, but as an example, the main character we're following says the principal says something 'so brightly' yet there's not a single change in the smile, eyes, or posture to indicate that it was remotely true.  It'd be demeaning to say that the artists or the designers are not aware of how humans behave, but based on the work done, it doesn't appear that the knowledge has been applied to the game.overall first impression rating: 3/5Pros:+Decent enough start, if a bit typical.  One can only expect so many possibilities for how a scenario could occur.+Unique art style.  I'm on the fence on the pro vs con of it, but it is what led me to get the game anywayCons:-Poses, or lack thereof. All 2 of the poses seen (I know, so fair right?) are basically just a moved arm and a change to the face in the eyes and mouth.  Very statuesque, and the poses themselves are uninteresting for the character and the principal. Full front pose with unnatural/unlikely arm held to the side of the body needs some fixing.  (I'll lump the offputting eyes close to the bridge of the nose in with this as well as the rather large boobs in this, as it's all character related)- Difficulty in separating thought from speech.Recommendations to devs:1) Fix the thought-speech separation.  Perhaps leaving the name off of the top of the box to indicate speech vs thought.  It's likely going to be automagically interpreted as thought if text is proceeding without the name, as so far, we're following the perspective of the main character.2) This fix requires more effort, and may need to just wait until HR2, but research or act on the knowledge about poses.  Create subtle differences in stance for the characters, move more than just an arm or change an expression.  Look into a relatively recent (from the perspective of this review) video from Extra Frames (video here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmLkVtqjf1A) regarding pose design, or look into Katawa Shoujo.  I don't expect this, or its sequel, to be KS, but from a design standpoint, notice how frequently the characters shift, even though nothing's particularly active, you get a sense of movement and involvement from all the characters, even Rin (the no armed one).I hope that this helps the devs, or anyone else who may be designing or working on similar projects, to progress.  It's a lot more work, but it's worthwhile because it helps bring the characters to life, and this initial impression, while I'm reading into some things a bit much for only 5 minutes, is leading me to expectations about what will happen, and that's critical to getting anyone's attention, reader or gamer."
76561198105655256,Recommended,398100,31343270,Posted: 24 April,all,BucketNzuchini,goood anime tiddie. owo
,Recommended,398100,24020893,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dreadlord Jaina,Principal is cute!  Cute!!!!!
76561198071815655,Recommended,398100,21190930,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Fex,Boring story with boring characters and garbage art that honestly made me want to comit suicide. At least it amused a few degenerates on the stream I played it on.Would fap to better fan art/10
,Recommended,398100,22762449,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,FameNugget,"I just got this game out of curiosity and because it was on sale. I honestly didnt expect much, but I waspleasantly surprised.  Its a nice story, the characters are quite cute and its about 3,5h fun. Also the artwork was very appealing to me.10/10 would be again and recommend"
,Recommended,398100,31040414,Posted: 9 April,all,Awsemogreeb,is good
76561198152101424,Recommended,398100,30908655,Posted: 2 April,all,jstnrocknread,With a little bit of help from a guide and 3 hours I 100% completed the game I definetly recommend it!
,Not Recommended,398100,21276543,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Morgan Allsing,"Neat, yet short game. Very short. Due to that I would not recommend this game, sadly. Maybe if they make an update or another game that is longer.The art is pretty pleasant, has its own distinctive touch.But, if you find the Sakura-games, you'll have a better deal for your time."
,Recommended,398100,26357551,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,A Succubus Poshwah,I wish i had blue hair...
76561198170167023,Not Recommended,398100,30990060,Posted: 6 April,all,Saya,"it's really cute and worth getting on sale  if you're looking for a cute story that involves crossdressingEdit: after thinking it over i'm gonna have to  change this to a negative  because  it didn't have enough content to justify another playthrough, so get it on sale if you want to play it, but don't expect to play it more then once."
,Recommended,398100,22893364,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SwatyChopsuey,AFTER 2hours OF ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY I FINALLY GO TO MARRY THE ♥♥♥♥ING PRINCIPAL. MARRY THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF HERBEst game EVER 5/7 WOULD NOT sleep again. HELP ME ITS 6am and I have to go to work in 3hours.LEA I LOVE YOUuuuuuuu
76561198020575563,Recommended,398100,19740305,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BBQBaconBurger,"It has a good story AND boobs. Literally no reason not to buy this. Both the Plot and the ""Plot"" will satisfy you."
,Recommended,398100,24400305,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kiminonawa made me cry ;(,Best trap simulator 2015 11/10 would dress as a magical girl again.
76561198065440424,Not Recommended,398100,32034958,Posted: 28 May,all,Nemiri ねみり,"(NOT SPOILER FREE)For this prize, we should get much longer story, much more choices and... Just more everything. It's scam, totally not worth time and money. You don't believe me? Let me get you this:☑ You play as a boy who pretends to be a boy because ""he has no choice"" (there is explenation in story, but for me it makes no sens and is just... so dumb)☑ Through the entire game you are able to talk ONLY to 3 girls (which one of them is only avaiable via picking very specific options) but technically it's JUST 2☑ These woman are crazy over you, they act like they alredy know that you have the one and only♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the campus couse they are so... Sticky. I mean like they want your attencion, spend with you a lot of time and so on. This is unnatural. Well, it seems like it in this game (not because I know MCH is boy)☑ AND one of them is even SCHOOL PRINCIPAL (Lea, the sercret avaiable one) with whom you can END UP GETTING MARRIED☑ Not a lot of arts as for game that swivel mostly around 3 (with main character) peopleLooking at the fact that I ended the game (and clicker throught it next 2 times to get all achi) speaks for itselfs - it may be not that bad. Story is some how interested in some points, but overall is not that great. Not boring to death but seems lazy and simple, too simple and too limited to have such high cost."
76561198090257700,Recommended,398100,24191937,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Carlitos,Probably one of the greatest booby visual novels I have played since Sakura Spirit :3
76561198124951480,Recommended,398100,31288490,Posted: 21 April,all,Reisu(hunting 4 thicc),"MEH ITS ""OK"""
,Recommended,398100,33374276,Posted: 8 July,all,Goldomond [DFS],"At first I thought: ""Huh, Steam recommended it to me on the sale. BUY!"" So I started playing it and it seems have an actual, proper, logical plot. Of course the start is a bit ""Of course it had to happen"", but the more you play the more logical it seems and you can actually ""relate"", although the scenarios are basically impossible IRL. All in all, buy it for the humour and the plot. Worth my money.I also give it a 8/10 for the art style."
,Recommended,398100,20839924,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Medivhia,"This visual novel's main character made me question my sexual orientation. The main character is literally the best girl in the ♥♥♥♥ing thing, and the cutest, BUT GUESS WHAT, HE'S A GUY. I MEAN COME ON, DON'T DO THIS TO ME."
,Recommended,398100,26548997,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ϟϟ Fantastic. [HC] ϟϟ,Only 100% complete game. Worst life.
,Recommended,398100,29579441,Posted: 29 January,all,Grand Majus,Fun game that's not too long. This game was a decent blend of sexy and funy.
,Recommended,398100,24127253,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,4rvp,"Questions my sexuality toward very feminine Cross-dressing malesHoly ♥♥♥♥ did Shoji have thick thighs, I wanted to shove my face into them#IloveShoji"
,Recommended,398100,19265959,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Gitting Gud,I shouldn't have bought it but ♥♥♥♥ it I enjoyed anyway 10/10
76561198001039585,Recommended,398100,19181240,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,nova_25,"Interesting and light-hearted, I liked playing through the game, though I wished there had been much more choices.At quite a few times I was feeling a bit- to quite disappointed- that I couldn't ''make a choice''... That I couldn't direct the game in the direction I *really* felt it was hinting at, yet never delivered on.It kinda made me wonder, if the game wasn't ''fearing'' to delve deeper into the whole 'being dressed as a girl' thing, and intentionally blocking/not exploring moments where, clearly, it could definitely have.So... Good game, but disappointed that it explored so little."
,Recommended,398100,23588415,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mr. Chubbs,it aight
76561198152394087,Recommended,398100,32415684,Posted: 14 June,all,spookyshawn🎃,"Once upon a time, a little boy named Keys bought a game named Highschool Romance, not because he wanted to but because his friend suggested it to him. Let's just say that he was... satisfied. With compelling characters, multiple endings, good graphics, and most importantly, big ol' anime tiddies, this game is a most definite 10/10. I would ABSOLUTELY suggest this game. ;)Also there is a second one that is MAGIC."
,Recommended,398100,28498347,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,The Stinky Cheese Man,"Let's not kid ourselves here, man. If you're on the steam store browsing for visual novels, you literally have nothing better to do than fantasize about an alternate reality where you're actually popular with the opposite sex. And maybe you like to read, too. Maybe you like to judge a girl by her bust and gams, and then hook up with your school principal while cross dressing. Whatever your story is, you don't have anything to lose by trying out the vn Highschool Romance. So give it a go man. Or just, you know, kill yourself."
,Recommended,398100,19206476,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Captain Iceberg,"I liked it so let's get the cons out of the way first.It's rather short and the backgroungs art is ratherlimited and a bit to realistic in comparison to the bright characters and sometines doesn't match the scene (says it's getting late and the sun is shining full force through a window), lastly the choices you make don' make that much diference besides a few very important questions that you don't know until you try them all or just choose them coincidentaly.Now on to the stuff I love about it.While it is short the dialogue is quite a large amount making a full story, the dialogue meshes well at key points making those moments more powerful, the three girls you can choose to go after are all good but stereotyped, but not in a bad way (nerdy shy girl, sporty friendly girl, and the somewhat refined but knows how to have fun girl), and the protagonist is male but is forced to crossdress making it a lot funnier and less serious most of the time."
76561198174053214,Not Recommended,398100,24149598,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,vicdinnen,"I felt this game was simply lacking overall.  It didn't really feel engaging, or particularly interesting: I didn't really connect much with the characters or the story.  It was pretty bland, and also short: while I don't mind short games, but that is a pretty hefty price tag for such a short, lackluster game (I did get it on sale, but even so... I don't think I'd recommend it).  It wasn't super terrible or anything like that, but there is much better out there, for the same price or cheaper."
,Recommended,398100,34322824,Posted: 18 August,all,Arzt,Teenage ♥♥♥♥♥s? ♥♥♥♥ yea!
,Recommended,398100,22658862,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Fufu,Your principal is ok with you dressing up as a girl
,Recommended,398100,22600478,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Full✮Quantum,"Very relatable main character. In the words of Joey's World Tour; ""I think I want to give this the big 10, and I will! this is the bomb gang!"
76561198045165670,Recommended,398100,19179510,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sir Ruffington,I enjoyed it enough to play through all the way for the 3 endings.
,Recommended,398100,20852666,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Alex™,10/10 Better than PornnHub.Needs more characters.
76561198001886287,Recommended,398100,19154683,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Arisulane,Story pacing is off and the consequences of some interactions seem artificial. But the game is mostly thoughtful and the characters are likeable.I like it.
,Recommended,398100,19170356,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Paul,"The artwork, while different, grows on you after awhile. The characters look very nice, through there are some drawbacks to the game. At the start though, I'll say I enjoyed it and would recommend it.Some minor (or possibly major) things are:- It's short. Takes under 2 hours to get to whatever ending you end up at.- Simple story. Honestly wasn't hard to guess what was going to happen right from the start.- Typos. Few places with broken text. Etc.Final verdict, recommended only for people who really like visual novels and the art style."
76561198176242595,Recommended,398100,32684632,Posted: 23 June,all,saetakisa,its okay this game
76561198155142929,Not Recommended,398100,25622928,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,theaptgamer03,"Let's be honest, you're probably gonna buy this for wanking material, but this game just has too many problems to suggest even for that. Let's start with the biggest one, this game is too damn short. I beat this game twice in about an hour and I didn't really enjoy it. Another problem is that there are only a few choices and most of them don't matter. To put it simply, there's just nothing to this game to warrant paying for this game, hell, you can play flash games that have more substance."
,Recommended,398100,19300708,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,FreshPrincessOfSaigon,"Man this sh*t is so wrong in so many motherfu*king levels yo…I was talking to one of my white friends and he sent me a game with the name only labeled “Highschool Romance” I said to this dude, What’s this sh*t? He just giggled and said “Just play it and MAKE SURE NOBODY IS AROUND YOU WHEN PLAYING IT!” Then I thought it was some weird porno or some strange sh*t but as I played through it the first time, I was like “Yo…..what the fu*k..” THEN IT CONTINUED and I was like “Yoooooooooooooooooooooooo…….” THEN THEY GOT IN THE MOTHERfu*kING SHOWER AND THEN I SAID “YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!” I couldn't fu*king believe what I just played, It was like Satan gave me his porno collection, sh!t was so disturbing..YET I COULDN'T STOP PLAYING IT, THEN I PLAYED IT A SECOND TIME AND IT WAS TWO OF THEM.....THOSE N!GGAS...YOOOOOOO.......THOSE N!GGAS....AND THAT GIRL SAW THEM THEN SHE...YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...THEN THAT N!GGA TOOK THAT FEATHER DUSTER THEN YYYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO........IT WAS LIKE YOUR b!tch WANTED TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU BUT SHE WANTED TO SOMETHING ""DIFFERENT"" AND IT WAS SO fu*kED UP AND CREEPY, YOU JUST...KEPT PLAYING IT...AND THAT'S WHAT I fu*kING DID!!!!! THEN I PLAYED IT A THIRD TIME...THIRD N!GGAS...THIIIRRRD!!!!!! IT...WAS...THHHHHHIIIIIRRRRRRRRRRDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!! AND SHOJI WAS HIS NAME N!GGA, SHOJI WAS HIS MOTHERfu*kING NAME!!!!!! OH MY GOD,I AIN'T GOING TO HEAVEN N!GGAS, I ALREADY SOLD MY SOUL TO LUCIFER!So I Just want to tell you all right now..DON'T PLAY A GAME CALLED HIGHSCHOOL ROMANCE, DON'T DO IT N!GGA, IT'S LIKE SUCCUBUS. REMEMBER WHAT I'M SAYING TO YOU N!GGAS!"
,Recommended,398100,19189339,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Xͩ̇ͧ̋̋̆̔͂̄͜҉̯͇͇̯̙͔͉́͘͞,Amazing. Attractive characters. It's the only game about a trap I've ever seen on steam. Heavy femdom undertones. Forced feminization. This is my fetfet.
76561198125865207,Not Recommended,398100,19221512,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Weiss Schnee,"super short, can fast forward the game in 2 minutes, very few choices and only 3 endings which could be considered as multiple but still not a lot"
76561198074326304,Recommended,398100,19177045,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sir_Swagalot,funnyest game i have ever played hands down. everythig about is magnificent
,Recommended,398100,19184028,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Hlp,7/10 needs more tentacles.My review's true form (sarcisim ahead)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Sd_1-w3DME
,Recommended,398100,22518288,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Samantha Rostova,Hoshi's my girl.
76561198094020868,Not Recommended,398100,19186591,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Br0Mous3,"Before I say anything else, I will give this game credit where credit is due;The art is pretty damn good.Which is the only good thing I could say about this VN.Minimal amount of choices, no CGs where there should have been.Music was repetetivePlot was barebones and better suited to an OVA or online short then a game on steam.Protagonist was boringThe romantic leads; Hoshi and (Forgot her name already and I just finished playing) are basically betty and veronica ala Archie Comics.The reason why I purchased this game; CGs with gratuitous nudity (because non educational VNs should have fanservice IMO) sadly did not come to fruition. There was some fanservice here and there but nothing substantial or even good.Get it for more then 50% off if you still want to play it. Not worth the money I spent"
,Recommended,398100,19186299,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Flour,Multitude of panties and bra paddings.Can't recommend it enough.
76561198046745384,Recommended,398100,19228460,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,mcfly0crash,Caitlyn Jenner simulator 2015
,Recommended,398100,29882179,Posted: 12 February,all,Inferna,so im pretty sure i got gifted this or something its ok i guessits hard tho i cant date the athletic girl even if i try and the game endedthe other one is a gross nerd and i hate herand the older one is pedophillia also idk how to talk to her anywayso whatever its ok
76561198066038612,Not Recommended,398100,28758282,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,nakashimalification,"Dissapointed. It ends pretty hetero. I feel it missed the point. It's not bad though, just hard to reccomend it."
,Recommended,398100,19207445,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,bean boy,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198165766264,Not Recommended,398100,29839528,Posted: 10 February,all,lil eclipse,♥♥♥♥ing weridest game i have ever played
,Recommended,398100,19143377,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Saki Yanase,I'm a crossdresser in real life. I can confirm this game's immersion is realistic.
,Recommended,398100,21328276,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,BaumiPlaus,"Definitely female Shoji ""Big Dong"" [insert last name here] is easily recognizable as a man dude to his large♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and muscular hips."
,Recommended,398100,21329471,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,_Dune_,this game is harder than it looks!!!!
,Not Recommended,398100,21352435,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cloud Seifer,"I tried very hard to like this game, but in the end I was left disappointed. I have a lot to say, both in terms of the Pros and Cons, so I'll list them out for the sake of convenience.Pros:*The artwork is very nice and detailed.*All the characters are somewhat likeable.*Offers dialogue options.*Girls are cute.Cons:*Although the artwork is very well done, there is not enough of it. Most if it is just the same artwork with a clothing change, like a sports bra instead of a normal bra, and it's disappointing overall.*The dialogue is honestly awful. The way the plot progresses and is paced is poor, and there are many grammatical mistakes in the text that make some sentences hard to understand.*There are only 3 girls, and I found all of them boring and honestly too perfect to believe. It actually makes me harder to like characters if they have literally no flaws to them whatsoever.*The endings are disappointing/terrible based on which one you get. The amount of boring text I had to get through to reach the crappy end was definitely not worth it.*Even though there are dialogue choices, I've noticed most of them don't change the story much and are just there to make you THINK you are making an important decision.*Price is too high for the production value of the game.Conclusion:Overall, this game has a lot more negatives than positives, and I feel that this game is not deserving of its price tag. Compared to Huniepop, which has voice acting, animations, engaging dialogue, more characters, and doubles as a super addicting puzzle game, this game definitely disappoints.5/10I do not recommend purchasing this for over 5 dollars."
,Recommended,398100,21437869,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,miss.morgan,"First, let's get the bad out there. It is short for the money, but as you'll see, it's worth it in the long run.Now the good. The storyline itself is formulaic, but the plot is AMAZING. I went in to this game optimistic that it wasn't going to be one of those sketchy harem games where the ""boy"" is just trying to get his wick dipped. The developers did not disappoint; the protag has definite dimension and… personality. I'm actually not sure if this was actually a surreptitious way to introduce a transgender protag or not; Shoji certainly seemed to take on the feminine role very quickly… and almost too well. I love that the developers actually reference this in one of the potential endings, though it isn't as strong as it could be (which is all I'm going to say, as I can't divulge any more without actually spoiling it).All in all, I have to say that this was a pretty epic win. I have taken some chances on other otome games, and some have been good (such as Michaela Laws'Seduce Me), and others that weren't so great (and I'll not make mention of them here). I'm pleased to say that this one is in the former category. I find myself actually looking forward to the sequel. I spoke with the developers (who are very responsive in the forums), and I like some of the ideas they have for it. We need more trans characters placed in a good light, and I think they get that.Final verdict: Is it worth your time? Hell yes. This is a great story that warms my heart. My profile background has recently changed to Hoshi, and my desktop background is Selina and Shoji in the park. That's how much I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,398100,21440228,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,QuirkyTurtle,Im sexually confused by the MC.100/10
,Recommended,398100,21436060,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Oddshots,"Loved it.Took some time to get the Lea ending, but i enjoyed all 3.I'm definitely a Hoshi fan."
76561198042586239,Recommended,398100,29537454,Posted: 28 January,all,Lord Quill,Good story Good Art And at times funny.
76561198100141924,Recommended,398100,19345387,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ChimpGuy,I... I don't know what to think of this...
76561198083938711,Recommended,398100,19287621,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TonyOnorific,"I really can't give thumbs up or down at the moment, but so far I do kind of enjoy the game. Yes it's about a guy going to all girl's High school and end up living his High school life as a cross dress. BUT I do like the drawing. Feels kind of unique in it's own way.I wish they put more girl's though. Since I believe this game has a short story, I do wish they put more girl's or characters for more options. I feel less likely to encounter any event flags if there's less character in a short story. Also, I do have hard times reading the text. The text color and the back around seems hard for me read. It might be better if they used black outline instead of white on the text. (This might be only me, but just saying.)Overall, I'll come back again to re-write the review after I finish it. I say It's a pretty decent game. I've seen people say it's♥♥♥♥♥♥game, but compare with other Kuso-ge I played that sells over 5000 yen (cough...Cough! JapancouGH!), the game is really decent and unique on it's own way (the drawing).If anyone wanna see a little gameplay before buying it, come check this out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3q9MNeGC1E"
76561198262390988,Recommended,398100,19278595,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Shar,"Honestly, I came into this game not expecting this game to be as good as it was. I was thoroughly engrossed throughout the whole game and the characters felt engaging and mostly real. I would recommend picking this game up for something to do if you're ever bored or want something interesting to do, you may find some stuff out that you never knew."
,Recommended,398100,19285902,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Undermoose,"Bahahaha. Oh Shoji, if only I could pass as well as you do. I guess having the bald head and the beard doesn't help.Cute game,lovethe art style, great to see something not standard anime/manga style and the humor is pretty good."
76561198249337098,Recommended,398100,19211861,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Metracore,"This is the first novel anime game i played so far, in the beginning i really like the game but further in the game it kinda get bored on me. The game its to bad not to long it took me 2-3 yours to play almost all scenes. I also excpected some more romantic/sexual content. I wish there was voice acting because i have not heard any. After a while i kinda get bored from reading all the time. Dont get me wrong i like to play the game and i recommend other people should play it to!Pros:The storyUnique charactersthe style of the characterscons:To shortNo voice actingHoped for more 18+ stuff if you know what i mean who does not like girl on girl action?btw sorry for my bad grammar"
,Recommended,398100,19250400,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,XenoZero,"I bought this game expecting a bit more than I got. But still in the end I liked it. The story over all was sweet but I really would have like choices that had real wieght to them beyond feeling a bit bad at that time. I've gotten all three endings and the only one that had weight to the choices was the no obvious route.I really hope the make a sequal with more characters. 3 characters besides the player character is just sad. Branching endings. I'd really like to have choices I make mean something, and would like to see the main characters view points change from those choices. Maybe even like the girls clothes a regular thing. More scenes. Also the music, it was nice but it should change more often, sometimes felt it did not fit the scene that was happening. And I want the game to be longer and more drawn out.But out side of all my problems with the game and it's length, I did enjoy it and I recomend it. Its short but its fun. Get all the endings."
76561198107356006,Recommended,398100,19241367,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Flannery,"Cute, short story about a crossdressing guy who gets to date his classmates/principle. Sadly short, could be much longer, but enjoyable nonetheless. Perhaps too expensive to purchase if you're not seriously into VAs, try borrowing instead if you're unsure."
76561198023477911,Recommended,398100,19245289,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,GailaniKill,"a short light visual novel with a good story.  i enjoyed the game but if they expanded the story and created suspence, it would have made it better"
,Recommended,398100,19355029,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SushicCat55,"Has a very strange plot, but it was also very interesting, so i played the game all the way!"
76561197998051210,Recommended,398100,19369882,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Oldwizard,"A short but entertaining game in the typical Japanese visual novel genre. Hilarious at times and makes for an easy and enjoyable experience. The art style put me off a bit at first, somehow it felt off, but I soon got used to it. I have watched anime and read manga for over ten years and I have seen most things so it is totally fine!If I should complain about anything it that I THINK some of the dialogue at points did not switch characters so that one person did both parts, but that is nitpicking and has only occured once for me as of yet as I have only done one romance.Anyway, highly reccomended for persons who enjoy this type of thing. As I said it is short but that is not always a bad thing. Enjoy!"
76561198045574910,Recommended,398100,19417237,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,regulusofnintendo,"I liked the game for what it was. Sometimes is better to go for something contained than strive for something convoluted. I think the length was fitting considering the story was simple.As for some pointers to improve if by any chance there's another.- More expressions.- Diversity in the soundtrack.- More event artwork.- More than two options. Since even in the case of three it mainly triggered two different outcomes.I think I found ""unique"" for a game like this. Is how each route led to a different type of relationship with a different degree of kinkyness. That's something that'll be nice to consider for people that both like getting kinky with this kind of game and those who want a cute relationship outcome and those who want the funny ending.The biggest point of contention do to price and length, is mainly the lack of struggle between the romantic interests. I mean it doesn't need to get to School Days levels of consequences, but a discussion or fight could add to the story. Especially in one series of decisions that felt superflous."
,Recommended,398100,19440874,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zero1891,10/10 would hunt that cougar again
76561198159336151,Recommended,398100,19593930,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,That_One_Kodama,"It was fun, but it was extremely easy to beat. literally took a little more than an hour and a half to beat the game plus every single achivement. And somehow the most attractive girl in the game was shoji. The boy dressed as a girl literally was better looking then all the other girls. ♥♥♥♥in insane."
,Recommended,398100,21675131,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Storyteller,"""playing"" a lot of visual novels, of many types, this one first struck me out with the art style. It was refreshing to the more common anime style.The game takes place at an all-Girls School, where our main guy here ends up being stuck at for odd reasons. This is all about our main guy trying to keep his gender hidden for a full year at this school, and perhaps find love there.It is not very long, and it skips a lot around. It only got 4 characters, including our main guy. And the music is very boring...However! if you get past all that, and just read it for fun, it truely is. I really enjoyed the many dumb situations, and loved thinking of what I'd do myself in those situations. It is also one of the visual novels I've read that I actually felt good about the endings, and one of the few that have given me some great laughs.This is not Katawa Shoujo levels of great, but it is worth a read if you got the money to spare, and ain't too narrow minded. (I hate number ratings so I'll give it this.) 74.7 Milky Way Crispy Rolls out of Muffins."
,Recommended,398100,21698005,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tilt.png,"Really cute vn, one of my favorites actually, but it is a bit too short for it's price. I love it but I wish it would last longer.pls."
76561198050022635,Recommended,398100,21045635,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,daledragon26,Lea 10/10.
,Recommended,398100,20942381,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Banana,"This is my first Visual Novel and I enjoyed it thoroughly.Highschool Romance is relatively short; reading at a slow, relaxing pace takes maybe an hour at the most to finish the first time. After that, you may spend some time messing with the in-game choices in order to unlock all four achievements. For this particular purpose, there's a handy skip button that lets you speed past any dialouge you've already read. It actually stops at a point where you haven't read a particular dialouge, so that was helpful.Speaking of choices (2-3 at a time), they're not anything that you'll have to think hard about. You can save and come back to them if you'd like but there's also the skip feature.The background music is nothing amazing but also is not going to annoy you.Story: You are a boy who is accidentally enrolled into an all-girls school. You are in a situation where you don't have any better options so you pretend to be a girl. If you've watched an anime episode where this happens to the main character, you know what you're getting.It's a fun novel but the only thing going against it is price. Is $10 worth ~1-2 hours of your time? If not, wait until it's on sale (I bought it during the Winter sale). Otherwise I recommend it."
76561197966105913,Recommended,398100,21042610,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Revixy,"A fine little entertaining comedy game with multiable endings that *can* get pretty dramatic.But playing it through multiable times is just not going to happen with me.It's a fine game, but it's *not* that good of a game to play through several times.Or maybe it's just me who knows?7.5/10.Note:I bought this game on a discount.It's not worth 9.99€, but it's worth playing through at least once for the discount."
,Recommended,398100,21116556,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Brentthekid,Why can't anime girls be real? Selina is the best girl.
,Recommended,398100,21378174,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Emma Bear Gnomes,If I was at an all girls school.I'd hook up with Shoji.
,Recommended,398100,21611720,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,DabDaddyJoe,watch our lets play lmaohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zHtT0HiACg
76561197991239724,Recommended,398100,20137338,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Minus5Charisma,"Look, I know why I bought it.You know why you are thinking about buying it.Just put the money on the counter and take your copy of the game.I'll go my way and you can go yours."
76561198050927530,Recommended,398100,20195559,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sleeping_Nuke,"This was a wonderful game. A great story, with even better art. I believe that the lack of multiple endings, is made up for by the story and the art. Sweet and quirky, this game has stolen my heart. I'd love to see more games of this quality. Short and lacking in dicisions, still worth every penny."
76561198274199498,Recommended,398100,20240506,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DavidTheDeer,"For some reason I found the ending with Selina to be sad, Hoshi felt most natural though... well, as natural as as one could while choosing todress as a girl to graduate highschool.Maybe I feel a bit sad because I didn't do jack in my Highschool/College years and now I feel like I missed out.My only issue with the game was that it was a bit short, but I still enjoyed it."
,Recommended,398100,20216569,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TehDoctorinMC,"I definitely recommend this, 10/10.  It wasn't very long, but that's not the important part.  The important part was that I found it hilarious.  Most people would think of the classical dream concept of being the only guy at an all-girl's school, but Highschool Romance took it differently, and for the better.  I gurantee you will never be bored reading/playing this (Unless you're going back for a different route, then I recommend the skip button)."
76561198148046462,Recommended,398100,20267725,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,(Neko)1nsanity,One of the best visual novels I have ever played.Hell yes out of Hell yes.
,Recommended,398100,20265933,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Valenvenge,15/10 pewdiepie would looooove this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
,Recommended,398100,20356030,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,FISHBALLS,didnt end up with either of them! BEST GAME EVER! :D
76561198126468970,Recommended,398100,20277115,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Crystal-Hero,"This game is short if youi are a fast reader, but it's worth every penny!I beat the game in 5 hours but it took a few more hours to figure out how to get the remaining CG arts and to get all Endings!Lea is best Waifu!"
76561198003116376,Recommended,398100,20905015,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Tech01,"I did enjoy the story line of the game and how things played out but I do have two complaints. One, there was absolutely no nudity in the story so I have no idea why this ""game"" had that tag. Two, there should of been at least ten times as many pictures as there were. The lack of any animation even stills made it stale. So over all I enjoyed Highschool Ramance but I expected more for $10."
76561198119576972,Recommended,398100,20664865,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Akihiro,"Sexy time with my teacher, nuff said."
76561198177003974,Recommended,398100,19469494,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TheAnimeFanatic,10/10 Selenas my waifu.
76561198009713169,Recommended,398100,21309901,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Taiyama,"It's very sweet and I adore all of the characters. However, while I do heartily recommend this, I feel I need to mention one thing that bothered me: the pacing--or rather, the utter lack thereof. Everything seems to come straight on the heels of the thing before, even if there was a significant time jump between. I really understand this, being an amateur writer myself. Often you have a string of moments you've fleshed out that you want to get into in a story--the meat and potatoes of the ""meal"", so to speak--and it can be hard to string them together. However, this game eschews that for simply placing them one after the other, lightning fast, with very little in the way of segue. As much as I liked the story and all of the characters in it, this constantly pierced my willing suspension of disbelief. I felt like I was being shown a slideshow-in-text rather than someone's, y'know, *life*.All in all, though, I really did enjoy it. I just wanted to chime in with some constructive criticism in case writer-senpai notices me. I hear there's talk of a sequel, and I'll definitely buy it when it's on sale.My verdict: As long as you don't mind a jarring pace, get it when it's on sale.Also, Hoshi best girl."
,Recommended,398100,21310407,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Fusion Enforcer,"Initially looked at this game because I thought it was a sort of highschool Yuri deal. I read through and even though it wasn't it was interesting enough to me to pick it up on sale and play through it.Completed it in 2 hours but to be honest. It was probably the best 2 hours I've spent in a game. The characters are fun to engage with and come off as genuinely charming, especially shoji. It does feel a bit lacking in content but it is enjoyable, plus for the price and 4 endings it's worth it.The paths feel really short to decide which girl you pick (I went with Selina, I preferred her over Hoshi) andSPOILER WARNINGIt felt after she found out that Shoji was actually a guy it went a bit too quickly into boyfriend/girlfriend.I plan to re-play the game and get the rest of the endings. And collect the rest of those full art work star things. I feel guilty wanting some for a wallpaper. (not weird is it?)The OST is flawless, I love it so much. I believe having vocals would've thrown me out of it a bit but the music is perfect."
76561198160066784,Recommended,398100,22918430,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,HellhoundReaver,"It's a quick game easily beaten in 2 hours. Less if you go through all of the options and speed through it. It's not bad, but I would have wished for it to be longer and with more romance options. Still, it was a pretty funny game about a guy forced to crossdress and I laughed often enough throughout."
,Recommended,398100,22640838,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,💀Bonebiter💀,"Highschool Romance has taken control over my life. Whether it's me questioning Shoji/Shoja's gender with those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AF hips, or just why the principle's cup size is so small for how big of a bust she has. The characters in this game are all lovable with their perfect personalities to fit their looks. Hoshi is pictured as the shy, but nerdy class representative, but with a naughty side in going to bars and getting drunk with her small tolerance for alcohol.  Selina is pictured as the outgoing and eccentric sporty girl. She's very pushy when it comes to sexualization of a friendship, but she never goes too far. Well as least that's what i can say without spoiling it. The principal, Lea or Mrs. Rowan, is well, Your typical anime girl. Big bust, pink hair, pearly-white smile. She's incredibly kind for you, helping you fit into the school. That reminds me, the plot of this game.The plot of Highschool Romance is as follows. a (Feminine-like) senior boy is being transferred schools due to his parents traveling, and is accidentally enrolled in an all female school on accident. The Principal, seeing his problems with finding a new school and having issues graduating, takes him under her wing, turning him into the girl seen in the game, Shoji. After taking Shoji clothes shopping, Shoji begins his/her new school year at the school for his last year. In the time during this year, he meets Hoshi and Selina, two girls who are almost complete opposites.In the end this game gets a 9.5/10 from me. the only reason i'm not giving it a full 10/10 rating is because of the lack of playtime and experiences. I was able to 100% this game, getting all of the CG's and possible endings in around 2 hours. My extra hours are from Badge Farming and just liking the game enough to put more hours into it cuz why not? I suggest buying this game if you have the money to spare, or just see that it's cheap while on sale. You won't be disappointed and just might find yourself becoming attached to a character or just the entire lovable cast of friends.SHOJI'S THIGHS THOOOOO JEEEEEZ THICCCCC"
76561198045571417,Recommended,398100,22264094,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lilobonew,"All I have to SAy is ""TRAP"" the thing that we need in more VNs ""TRAPS""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,398100,22333162,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,azgalaga,"Was a pretty good story based game. Great pictures, great♥♥♥♥♥♥and even greater crossdressing, all in all this game was prettty good! 10/5"
,Recommended,398100,30747458,Posted: 26 March,all,PsyFre,"I'm a sucker for these kinds of scenarios, and this VN is a comedy at heart. You have three girls to choose from, one of which is your principal.  Whom I find rather ""endowedand the two other girls are too. Also, the art style is very original and the script is pretty good.  However, it's too short. I completed each route less than three hours, even got all the achievements. Sadly, all the choices seem repetitive after awhile.However, this game is wonderful and puts a hilarious spin on the gender bender story.I wonder why in the story no one questioned the bulge in the shorts or when Shoji is changing."
76561198039052082,Recommended,398100,22299541,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Screaming Jew (Josh),A flirty fun light game to pass away a little time and to amuse yourself.
,Recommended,398100,22228156,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Grimmritter,"If you were bored enough to start browsing the store and just happen to get this game on a whim, you shouldn't be too dissappointed. Artworks not bad, the main character's predicament is amusing and the endings are pretty nice (Usually). Facial expressions during some scenes are kind of the same, so don't expect a ton of variation in that department."
76561198081146342,Recommended,398100,22350911,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,"Ari, The something or rather","Had this game gifted to me and was expecting another anime date the girl with big boobs sim but ended up being really enjoyable, fun, and sweet and i hear theirs a squeal in the works i may have to play that one too. over all i give it a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,398100,22358478,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,jubbalubba,She my trap queen
76561198074092794,Recommended,398100,22503004,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,XxWinteryxX,Very entertaining game. while playing this game you will never be board. its worth the money. i just finished it and im going to replay it again. its super fun!
,Recommended,398100,22541993,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,eternalenvy?,"Best semi-pervert game ever.11111111111/10.-UPD: Best perver game ever, give me my own Lea."
76561198191185855,Recommended,398100,22528392,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,brandensa14,"Pretty short, but overall an amazing game. Not worth the $10, luckily I got it on sale for $6. If you can get it cheaper than the 10 I highly recommend it. Epilogue #3 is the best."
76561197995841541,Recommended,398100,22401808,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Chuckroast,"The character interactions pulled me into this game.  As I played and made choices I found myself part of the story and I became very interested in what the outcome would be.  Also, although I could never be Shoji, I could never pull off pretending to be a woman,  the various characters and romance pulled me into the story.  Of course when I made my choices dividing time between both girls I ended up with neither of them as in real life.So I read the achievement guides and followed the Selina True Love scenario:  a Feminist choice: she spends her time teaching Shoji how to be her boyfriend.     Now he does not know if he wears dresses because she wants him to or because he likes it.  She wears the pants and he wears the dress.  She is the husband and he is the wife.  I would never have gotten this achievement if not for reading how to get it.  It just would not work for me.Lea True Love:  the woman who is the principal and gym teacher: looks more like a model than a principal. Lea is an older woman who sneaks around flirting with Shoji trying on sexy bras and panties in front of him asking for his opion.  Then she kisses him.  In the end they get married and live happily ever after.  In both Selina and Lea True Love scenarios they both like to see Shoji in womans clothing and continue to dress Shoji up as a female.Hoshi True Love:  Shoji does not have to wear the dress to entertain Hoshi and a happy ending."
76561198030853616,Recommended,398100,22815097,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Phreyd,"Light, funny romantic story. Moderate amount of choices to make with 3 good endings. Art is funny as is the story. Enjoyable characters. Different enough from other romance sims to make a nice diversion. Main downside is that it is a little short."
,Recommended,398100,22843454,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Cursed939,"+ Cute artstyle and characters with a premise for the main character that feels close to a reverse of the initial ouran host club storyline.- Sadly, the story itself is very simple and didn't feel particuarly fleshed out (not to mention short).  While I thought the art was worth it for myself, the storyline could have been so much more developed."
76561198091501435,Recommended,398100,24418623,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Epikwafflez,10/10 best game ever. Reasons? I...Uh...Well...Alright.
76561198136748584,Recommended,398100,24424969,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,LordNote Of Whisky,Note: I plade Bind so......... That happendIt was..........good. Nice short swete. And very funny at timesOver all it was a good game ................ This dusent hide the fact that on the firts playthugh you cant get a good ending (Mabye just me) without looking up a gide to get best ending for any one. (Still might be me)But is it woth the buy............................ YesScore: 7/10 Out of a posible 9/10 MaxRecomend: Yes
,Recommended,398100,24600735,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,NIck,Words cannot fathom how beautiful a game such as this one has affected me on a spiritual and emotional level of love and joy.tl:dr Traps & Art make this game Sexy/10
76561198223328052,Recommended,398100,24588005,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,LastGreenHorn,I enjoyed this game... it has a few flaws...a bit short and lack choices made somethings feel forced.More expressions from the characters images would have helped a lotBut it's a short but sweet ride and the art style is one the best I've seen in some time with a VNId say if you can get for 5$ go for it. ;)
,Recommended,398100,30891937,Posted: 1 April,all,That Smug Ass Nigga,I honestly don't even know why I bought this game.
,Recommended,398100,19545214,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Primed Leo4Eck,>:(
76561198055861506,Recommended,398100,27764790,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Metagrossfreak,"A cute story that you can finish in about 3 hrs. I only went down one romance path before writing the review, though I'll try the other 2 soon. I got the game on sale, though even at full price, it's worth it."
76561198210909760,Recommended,398100,27735792,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jhovany133300,"im going to answer the questions most people have when looking at a VN or simulator,yes, your choices actually impact your story,there are more then 3 choices that impact your routethere are multiple endings (im not sure if there are bad ends)every girl actually has a different personalityno this game does not make you gay"
,Recommended,398100,20374103,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,barwise1239,An enjoyable visual novel with multiple endings and a refreshing art style.But it is rather short so I would recommend waiting for a sale.
76561198300685313,Recommended,398100,26645934,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,n3vtichuck,"I have never reviewed a VN before, so here goes:Overall, I did like the story and plot, although there were times there were a lot of continuity errors. Like you're reading a piece of dialogue, and then all of a sudden, the very next dialogue appears,and it is presumed that time passed.  What happened during that time? There would have been opportunity to expand the story a little. There are some minor grammatical errors here.I would have also like to have seen slightly more expansion in the ending, depending on what ending you get. The CG is good.Hoshi is kinda cute, though...Bottom Line: Slightly expensive, but good story. Could use a little more expansion though.Grade:C+"
76561198096657845,Recommended,398100,28300723,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,general.zaedite,"This is the light-hearted comedy of the series. Whereas Negligee is the sexy game and Possession is high in drama and catharsis, this is the one where you're in it for the laughs. In other words, exactly what I wanted.As a VN, it's good - your choices matter (for the most part), and even the ones that don't necessarily affect the final result can still get you some different CGs. Furthermore, while there is merit to playing through a few times to get different endings and deciding which waifu is best, it isn't a huge investment of time to do that so it doesn't feel like a chore.Finally, it's big on the ""You are you, your clothing doesn't matter."" and how sometimes you don't even need to care about your gender identity. Honestly I'd like to see more things push this message, and as someone who had identity troubles in her teen years and early adulthood, things like this might have been able to help me be more comfortable with me. It sends a positive message there, to coincide with the fun characters and silly moments.If you're just in it for boob-touching, this isn't the right game (again, see Negligee for that one). If you dig things like Ranma 1/2, Kampfer and Asa Made Jugyo Chu! (the concept, not the ""how close to a hentai can we get?"" aspect), then I strongly suggest you play it."
,Recommended,398100,30157831,Posted: 24 February,all,(づσᴥσ)づ,"I honestly enjoyed the absolute heck out of this game and I will easily recommend this to anyone willing to try a visual novel that takes a different perspective. Playing as a dude that isn't super hardcore masculine is nice for a change, and the whole cross-dressing thing is an added bonus. There are a few gramatical errors here and there but I still think this game is worth the pricetag put on it.A solid 8/10 for making me as gay as I am today tho"
76561198037485619,Recommended,398100,23749862,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[V°A] The Antic Master,"Only downside: too shortI bought this and ran through it all. Loved the story and the game, and now I just need more"
,Not Recommended,398100,22012339,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jollyroger,I'm a grown man and I'll buy whatever creepy weeaboo garbage I want.
76561198087008702,Recommended,398100,23127028,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Vulhetaar,I love it when Lea just came out when you least expected her!Hoshi was so cute and innocent.Selena was so sarcastic and funny.The story was well written and totally replayable for different endings.It had a nice twist to it and fun situations through out the game.All happy endings were cute in their own way :)1 question: How did he never gotten a boner????
,Recommended,398100,24307770,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ConspiracyKitty,"Joey (theanimeman) played this game on his channel. As soon as I saw it, I knew I had to have it. I really enjoy this game! The endings are really cool, and the three romantic routes are fun to play. I will definitely play it again!(Btw, there were one or two grammar mistakes, but they really weren't noticeable)"
76561198041970132,Recommended,398100,24134519,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Wizard Titties,"Gotta say this game wasn't all that bad. Granted it's pretty short, you can get through this entire VN in a single evening.It could do with more art work. Some scenes are expressed entirely with one picture, despite the story moving to a new location.In saying all that, I genuinely enjoyed my time playing this game. The story is original, the characters amusing and plenty on tig old bitties. In the end, isn't that all we need? =3"
,Recommended,398100,29196732,Posted: 11 January,all,AwsumWolfie,"I must say I that definitely enjoyed playing this. It's very short and feels fairly limited asset-wise, but the quality makes up for it in those regards. When I read the premise, I was worried about how they would handle their subject matter, but Highschool Romance was refreshingly mature and progressive through it all.The music was nice, but doesn't much stand out from any other visual novel soundtrack I've heard. Of course, I wasn't exactly playing for the music anyways.Basically, this was just a fun little slice-of-life style game; nothing majorly dramatic happens throughout, and the time is focused on spending time with the different characters and getting to know them. No abusive teachers, no mafia, no ghosts,nobody dies in a ""good"" end, just good old fashioned crossdressing and cute girls. Whether or not that's a good thing is up to you....I'm still salty about No One but You"
,Recommended,398100,29917568,Posted: 14 February,all,SketchyPodcast,I thought this was really cute and even funny at points. The artwork isn't overly sexual and it is simple to complete
76561198045285633,Recommended,398100,29913097,Posted: 13 February,all,mercyterms,"Highschool Romance is a game I really enjoyed, even though it was pretty short. I was kind of put off by the sexual tone and cliché premise, since I was afraid it'd be a game with no plot or anything besides huge boobs. That's not too interesting to me. That said, you're of course free to buy the game purely for sexy waifus if you want. But I enjoyed it mostly because of the characters and dialogue. The 3 girls are interesting, and the writing is pretty self-aware and funny. Then there's also the lovely art style.If you were looking for a game with GxG pairings (like I was), then you're outta luck. But the protagonist's gender identity is examined and there are some (respectful) lgbt+ mentions and aspects. I can't say much without spoiling anything, but an example would be the girls' sexualities. There's no ""I'd be really into you if you were a boy..."" or ""I think I have feelings for you... b-but we're both girls!"" None of that. These girls don't play around. So even if this wasn't what you were searching for, it's worth checking out if you like funny and lighthearted vn's – especially if it's on sale.Pros:- Charming characters- Good comedic execution- Lovable art styleCons:- Only one ending for each character- Short, 3.5 hours max to get all endings- Cliché premise"
,Recommended,398100,31054532,Posted: 9 April,all,Mister RPG *LJ*,"Decent, yet bizarre story with two endings? Shoji is a massive trap. One of the endings I felt was nice and sweet, but the other one was disappointing. It sucks one of the options leads to a mediocre ending. Principal looks alot like Rias from Highschool DxD.On sale? I say yes. It's worth half price. But ten bucks? Man, a bit too rich for my blood hoss."
,Recommended,398100,33755831,Posted: 23 July,all,isuzusan,"Highschool Romance is a pretty quick visual novel (it's only half of what my actual time spent on it is), but it is a very enjoyable game. My favourite route would have to be Lea's, simply because of the interaction between Shoji and Lea is pretty fun to read. Of course Selina and Hoshi's routes also had their charms but it didn't feel as genuine, I suppose anyway. There were a few mistakes in dialogue but nothing that majorly ruins the story. My favourite thing about Highschool Romance would most definitely be the artwork though, it's absolutely gorgeous. I am tempted to play more of Dharker Studio's games (e.g. Magi Trials) because I would love to see more of that artist's visuals.The only main issue is that all the girls weren't very original. Selina is the peppy, sporty type; Hoshi is the quiet, intellectual type; and Lea is flirtatious, high-achieving type. As much I did like interacting with the girls (mostly Selina and Lea because Hoshi didn't interest me much), they just seemed like repeats of several girls I've seen in the past. But besides that, Highschool Romance does have a variety of choices that influence your story in quite a few ways, and is worth a try if you want to play a fast visual novel."
,Recommended,398100,34246256,Posted: 14 August,all,Kodiak-Rush,"A cute visual novel with an amazing art style and unique story. I enjoyed playing it through to the end of every character arc. Deals with adult themes, clocks in at 4-5 hours. Get if you like VMs :)"
,Recommended,398100,34526721,Posted: 27 August,all,Raifu,This game is pretty good! We made a discussion/review of this game on our channel here:https://youtu.be/SXK1IGjCkXs
,Recommended,398100,34786654,Posted: 6 September,all,Kaoan,Very good and romantic. Makes me jealous!
,Recommended,398100,29308927,Posted: 16 January,all,Jarxo,Shoji is best trap.
,Not Recommended,398100,35099209,Posted: 21 September,all,Ravi Rain,"Apart from the character design being 2D, and the lack of story line. This game was alright, I personally didn't enjoy it, and don't think it was worth the money. The art style is the one thing I like about this game."
