user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,398850,32138442,Posted: 2 June,all,DJHarmony,"I never thought I'd see myself playing a typing game, games like that have just never appealed to me. This is the typing game that broke the standard for me, after all, it's got a great atmosphere and a really great narrative. The world is fairly linear, yet still large enough to explore and the story is discovered as you explore, which really makes getting invested all that much easier. For someone who isn't as familiar with typing games/tests this game might be a bit difficult at first, but it makes up for it by working itself around your overall skill, thus making the game as hard as it believes you can handle. Whether you wanna relax with a very atmospheric game or test your typing instincts, this is the game for you."
76561198021974294,Recommended,398850,22154503,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,crashlanding87,"Really, really great.It's a typing game in terms of its game mechanics, but really it has much more in common with games like Bastion.The game is a little buggy in places, but nothing game-breaking. And the gameplay is really, really fun.The story is a tad cheesy, but decent. And the voice acting is actually pretty decent, which is much more than can be said for many indie games.But the gameplay is where this game really shines. Intuitive, addictive, and fun. I'm REALLY enjoying exploring the world.And, bonus, it's kid-friendly, but not childish. And it looks really great.Highly reccomend."
,Recommended,398850,22620468,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,hodie,"So I'm more of an XCOM, Witcher or Total War guy. So picking up a game where you're a girl riding a fox through a whimsical land is not something I would normally pick up..i'm glad I did, the art style is sublime, the music enchanting and the gameplay addictive and tense during final battles; it is here that your typing skills will really be put to the test especially when multi elemental enemy types are skittering their way toward you. Purging the landscape you explore of the insectoid corruption is satisfying while making things grow to the- already mentioned- enchanting soundtrack is cathartic. A true Indie gem."
76561198023049455,Recommended,398850,22234669,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Yusufu,"Think Typer Shark meets Bastion.If you like typing or if you are at least interested in it. The gameplay is adaptive to your skill level and will help you improve your typing skills to become a fast writer.My mother language is Arabic; not English. So learning to type in English was a bit of a challange for me. I used to play a game called Typer Shark when I started learning blind-typing. Thanks to that game, my typing skills have improved beyond of native speakers. This game is far better than typer shark because it has story in it narrated with a beautiful voice. Furthermore, as you progress in this game, you will become faster in typing and you will be able to do your school reports faster than you were before. Sounds good?One of the rare jewels you can find on Steam. 10/10 Original, creative and beautiful!"
,Recommended,398850,24902438,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CptMorgan,"I don't normally take the time to write reviews, but Epistory is special.Besides being an all around beautiful game, the story it tells is wonderfully paced, the challenges scale perfectly, and in the end all I wanted was more."
,Recommended,398850,22174149,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rom,"I'm a fast typist and have always wanted a challenging typing game. I bought this game on a whim and was pleasantly surprised with a great dramatic story dialogue, a mix of simple puzzle elements (mostly a hybrid of Legend of Zelda and Undertale-esque floor puzzles), cool upgrades, hidden-item secrets and thoughtful level design. The game is presented to you in a dungeon format and features an unlockable skill tree progression of your choosing. This is neat, because you can cater to your own play style for an easier or more challenging game early on (although you'll eventually unlock all skills).Everything in the game is done through typing - including the ability to navigate the pause menu (opened with the Tab key, how clever), movement, attacking and changing skills. Enemies crawl towards you (on easier difficulties, they move slower) and if you're hit once, you have to redo the encounter from the beginning. If desired, you can change difficulty on the fly with no penalty. For achievement hunters, note that there are no achievements related to difficulty setting.I used to play Typing of The Dead on my SEGA Dreamcast a lot and even picked up the new one, but it always lacked a challenge and isn't difficult to complete without dying if you're a good typist. With Epistory, the hard mode in combination with adaptive difficulty feels just right. Skills affect enemies in different ways and on harder difficulties, you need to use them effectively - being able to switch skills on the fly opens for really unique ways to tackle different situations.As a learning tool for typing, I can see this game as being quite effective. The game itself has only cartoon monster violence and no explicit language in it's stock dictionary list (the author plans on implementing Steam Workshop support for community submitted dictionary lists, however). Multitasking is encouraged with skills, but you are only typing one word at a time - not sentences. Since the majority of the dictionary has short words, this has the benefit of reinforcing muscle memory quickly. The game would be best used for learning in combination with another typing tool or website utilizing full sentences, however.My only complaint is that I do not feel in-game statistics (viewable at the title screen) of words per minute are accurately assessed. This isn't a huge deal and beginning typists should familiarize themselves with knowing where the keys are before chasing such numbers. I can only surmise this inaccuracy is due to the way words will slowly crawl onto the screen, as well as the typing of short bursts, but I don't know how the game timer calculates WPM. In other words, in a real world scenario, you will be typing full sentences and not waiting for words to crawl onto the screen at a varying pace.During boss encounters, the game throws hordes of enemies at you. This is when the game gets very fun and tests your ability to type short bursts of words in as little time possible. Once you defeat the boss, however, you cannot replay that same boss battle again without starting the game over (normal dungeon and overworld enemies will continue to respawn upon re-entry, even after completion). At the time of writing, the multiplayer mode is not present, but it's my understanding the online multiplayer aspect will feature a boss battle sort of scenario - allowing you to continue practicing in this fashion.Epistory took me about seven and a half hours to complete with all skills, unlocking all of the overworld and doing a lot of optional stuff on the hardest difficulty with adaptive on. Further replayability lies in multiplayer and achievements, which are mostly just replaying the game again to get more kills. Still, this is the best typing game I've ever played and worth it even at full price!"
,Recommended,398850,23770367,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Paul_Wacker,"I'm writing this review 20% faster than I normally would due to the real-world typing skill increase I've achieved playing this game.In all seriousness though, I really like this game.  Going in a customer should know that it is a TYPING GAME at the core.  If you do not want, or like typing, this game is probably not for you.If, on the other hand, you either like typing, or are willing to give typing a try, I think this game will pleasantly surprise you.  First off the storybook style graphics are just astounding.  The entire game looks like it's constructed of folded or crumpled paper.  The fact that they make various RPG standard areas look nice with paper is a joy to behold.  Deserts, forests, mountains, all made of paper.I haven't beaten the game yet but it's looking like it has a simple yet moving story.  Again, this goes along with the storybook aesthetic.Gameplay is solid as long as you're using a keyboard.  You use the WASD to move, then when enemies appear you hit spacebar to go into 'typing mode', wherein you type words to attack enemies.That's it really.  This game is a brilliant looking adventure/rpg with a typing twist.  I really wish there were more typing games like this.  Besides Typing of the Dead and this you're pretty much stuck playing typing tutors and those flash games where words come down like meteors.  Typing is a real world skill many people will need, so enjoying yourself while you improve it is a win-win scenario."
76561197971322745,Recommended,398850,23693549,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,grant_vallance,"I really enjoyed this game and the unique controls, and *beautiful* graphics. There are one or two battles I can't do, but I was still able to complete the game.  I bought it for my 13 year old who is learning to type, but it was too hard for him so I played it.  it would be nice to have multiple saved games so several family members could play simultaneously"
,Recommended,398850,30641030,Posted: 20 March,all,SlightlyFoxy,"10/10 Would replay this game if I had the time.Epistory is a beautifully told story that lets you progress using a typing method as means for an attack. The layout is beautiful, its made like a pop up book which is a beautiful art style that I finally got to see in a videogame.There are chests to find and typing to grind. I have been looking for a game where typing is apart of the game, so one I could be entertained playing a game, and two uping my typing speed.So if you really want to 'read' a story while playing a videogame this would be it. It does teach some vocabulary as well, alternates of what one creature or element could be called.Gameplay is a bit slow, all the folding out of the world takes a sec or two, but sit back and watch the aesthetically pleasing paper unfold. c:If you already own it, give a shot! If you don't own it and like typing games, This is one for the books, hehe."
76561198008749389,Recommended,398850,22157603,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[GRVTS]Fat Bastard,"I have typed where no man has typed before and gone into the world of Epistory!. I have typed Micropaleontology in the midst of combat with minor fumbling never question my legendary status!.I can safely say I killed 10 enemies in under 30 seconds multiple times and my hands are now gods, I call righty Odin and lefty Loki. Loki tends to hit the wrong key sometimes, he's not very reliable, but in the heat of the moment he can pull his weight. I am more intimate with my keyboard now though.Overall the game is a fantastic, valuable, perfection, rarity.I have a few cons I want to tak on.Cons-The game made me type Micropaleontology how dare this game make me think in the middle of combat!."
,Recommended,398850,27956694,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IovoI,"EPISTORY is a wonderful experience, well worth playing it. Interesting concept (typing game) followed by stunning origami-like visuals. Beautiful story unfolds nicely with time. Gameplay is enjoyable and does enough to keep you interested in playing until the end although controlling character might be a little tricky sometimes.STORYCharming story with an interesting ending although it doesn't look like it at the beginning. The closer towards the end of the game the better clue of what's coming you have.GAMEPLAYIn general gameplay is really fun. As it is a typing game all you need is your keyboard actually (imagine my surprise when I've accidentally found out that you can even control menu with typing). The controls might be a little clunky sometimes but once you get used to it it shouldn't be a big problem. There were 2 or 3 times when I had to replay nest-battle due to controls issue. Personally it wasn't much of a complaint for me but I can imagine that it might get somebody frustrated. One time game has crashed after I've beaten one of the levels and I had to complete it WHOLE once again. And of course it had to be the most boring level in Epistory...Over time the game introduces new features and times it perfectly to keep you interested in playing:-languageswhich let you open new levels, territories and kill new enemies,- skills related tolanguageswhich you can upgrade to be more powerful,- diffculty in battles (especially in nest-battles) where you have to switch between skills to beat different kind of enemies.The only major minus of the game for me was nest-battles that have become a bit repetitive and boring at the end. Maybe the game's just adapted to my typing skills and lowered the difficulty of the battles, I don't know. It killed all the excitement though.VISUALSThe game is simply beautiful. Origami-like design gives so much charm I could stare at the surroundings for hours. There are a few levels of the game and all have their unique look and setting.SOUNDThe music is pleasant, the dubbing was good although there's not much talking here - you will hear the narrator most of the times and occasionally inner thoughts of the character you control. Later in the game I had a few times an issue that nest-battle music didn't switch off after killing all the enemies."
,Recommended,398850,22237316,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Brawndo,"Found this game by total luck while browsing my Queue.Note: If you have to look at your keyboard while typing, this game might not be for you. However, the game has ""Adaptive Difficulty Mode"". So I'm guessing it start to go easier on you if you do more typos and stuff. I've no idea how exactly how this works.The game has a narrative style similar to ""Bastion"", but more like Fantasy and Poems, it's not as involving but add a nice little touch.Game play is basically:1 - Explore the world and unlock new sections2 - Solve puzzles (They are quite simple)3 - Destroy obstacles and loot chests4 - Kill enemies and boss fights.All of this is done with your keyboard, there's no mouse input.  Even switching from Fire to Ice spell for example is done by typing ""Ice"" or ""Fire"".  Killing enemies is done by typing words.There's also a light RPG element to it, as you get skill points and can upgrade various things. So it gives a sense of progression which add to the fun.I recommend you watch a gameplay on youtube if you're unsure.I'm bad at writing reviews but this game deserves more than 137 reviews so I had to leave one.My only complains are clunky controls when trying to solve some of the puzzles, only 1 save slot and max res is 2560x1440 (I use a 3440x1440 monitor), so I've to play it Windowed to prevent stretching.This one of the best best typing game I've played since Typing of the Dead, and it's also a much more relaxing and atmospheric experience.Very pleased with the purchase.9/10"
76561198056247109,Recommended,398850,25121355,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Crocdent,"I don't usually leave reviews, but this game simply deserves it.When I first heard about it, I was just curious about the whole typing mechanic, as well as its poetic look. The first moments are enchanting, if you let yourslef get carried by the game's atmosphere and the poetic lines. The surprise comes from the story behind the protagonist, wich you discover as you unfold the world, and only with a few sentences you can guess her whole state of mind. I won't spoil it, but trust me, I was charmed by the game. There is even a feels train if you really let yourself immerge in this universe. This is a great example of what the independant gaming industry can produce: poetry, originality and all wrapped up in a few hours, that go by in a flash."
76561198045189283,Recommended,398850,33073843,Posted: 1 July,all,Lifemicrorez,"This game kept me engaged from start to finish, which is rare. Something about it striking a balance between relaxing and intense. The graphical style and the fact that you type words to vanquish enemies are two leading factors in this.A decent levelling system kept me feeling rewarded for my progress, and the varied environments each with their own set of enemies made exploring fun.The only flaw might be the writing, which, to me, seemed pretentious. The game itself being a metaphor for the creative process was also a bit meh. Not terrible, but it was hard for me to take seriously.That said, get this game. It's really good. The surplus of positive reviews is a testament to this."
,Recommended,398850,22196158,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Iced,"Had a lot of fun with this game. It's rare to find typing games around and it filled the niche nicely. The main story is quite easy to finish if you can type well, and can be done in 4-5 hours.Art style is brilliant and I can't fault it in any way.Would have liked to have seen some more freedom to customize our typing through spells rather than being forced to use a specific type of spell for a specific enemy - Most of the time you're just choosing what you have to, not what you want to.Some buggy achievements but I assume they'll be fixed up soon enough."
,Recommended,398850,18322001,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Urisk,"I intended to wait a bit before writing a review, but considering the fact that this game is only three days in its early access period I decided to post this positive prelimnary review. Instead of a lengthy write-up I'll just list the main pros and cons for the present version.pros:- very focused gameplay concept that doesn't stray from its path ... doesn't try to do things not part of the core idea- very nice graphics, clean and colourful look, very pleasing- good sound design- the developer is very responsive on the forumscons:- neither features nor world and content are complete in this early version (This isn't really a downside, but when buying the present version it's still a fact. In the past on other early access titles even seemingly highly motivated developers ran away with the money / ran out of money and left without commenting or taking their game from the store. I don't see that happening here at all, but yea... ;) )- the concept is very limited (again: I don't see this as a real downside ... , but since the game already has the RPG tag in the Steam tag system I'd still like to mention it once more: The game is very focused on its core concept and doesn't stray from that. It might be labeled as an RPG by other Steam users, but really: The number of skills doesn't reach a two-digit number, there are no items, no NPCs, no dialogues, no real choices to be made etc. etc.. If you do NOT expect these things I don't think you'll miss them, just ... don't buy this game looking for an RPG with complex character customization options.)bottomline:- If you like short(ish) games with fresh gameplay mechanics and clean, nice, but not overly sophisticated graphics, but don't buy feature-incomplete games: WISHLIST this- If you like short(ish) games with fresh gameplay mechanics and clean, nice, but not overly sophisticated graphics and don't mind risking a few EUR on a feature-incomplete game which seems to be very well on track: BUY this now! It's seriously A LOT of fun!"
,Recommended,398850,22380469,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,mattBLiTZ,What an absolutely fantastic game.  Beautiful art and atmosphere.  Smiled the whole way through it!  You owe it to yourself to pick this up if you enjoy typing games.
,Recommended,398850,20318771,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"TIME TO EDIT THE EARLY ACCESS REVIEW FOR A COMPLETE REVIEWI knew about Epistory before it was put in Early Access because Pedago-tic ASBL (I work there) happened to be among those who organized a game jam in Belgium, with Fishing Cactus. So, I heard about Epistory at that time and waited for the release.Unfortunately, real life got in the way and I only bought the game during the last Winter Sales. I'm testing it now and writing a review.Epistory is a game where you're a young girl on a giant fox, without memories, until she realizes that something bad will happen and that she will be the one that will restore the world around her.The story is told by words displayed when you're going forward, in a poetic manner. However, you will have to remove obstacles, open chests, kill enemies or restore the nature by typing words that will be shown in writing mode - you don't see them when you're moving around.Each word spelt will give you XP and after reaching a certain amount, you can improve an ability by typing the noun. Words are also tied in the category: for gems/rocks, it will be names of them, for everything that needs fire in the game, it will be related to that topic....If some words seem gibberish, it's normal, as you need special powers to understand them. For example, at the end of the investigation of the meteorite's crash site, you'll be able to use fire where you need, so that you can go forward in the game.The girl has no power in the beginning, however, she'll acquire the power of fire (burn the next word), ice (stop an enemy for a few seconds), thunder (can destroy words above other enemies) and wind (can knock back enemies). These powers are the main focus of each chapter ""dungeon"".The XP acquired is also needed to unlock new areas, whether they're related to a zone to clear or a nest to clear (nests being circles with black smoke: enemies are coming in waves).That last feature of enemy waves is also found in the arena mode, with leaderboards.The little downside to that is that as everything is written with the keyboard, when you're defending yourself against enemies, you can't move at all as the writing mode is keeping you where you stand. Besides, as you need to type fast, you're bound to miss letters and loose time as the enemies are advancing towards you.Also, I wish that I could bind arrows as I'm used with this config since years. Here, I have to adapt myself to a ZQSD (which I can handle). But the problem is that the primary binding is EFIJ to move around. I struggled a lot with that because I couldn't put my fingers back to these bindings after writing. EF are also just next to ZD, so, you bet that when I wanted my character to go to the right, it was going to the left, because I pressed E/F insteand of Z/D.However, you choose your difficulty and you can also enable an adaptative difficulty during the waves. If you're struggling, each time you start, the enemies will be slower or simply not coming all in the same time but with more space in time for example.The graphics are very impressive, like an origami or papier-maché landscape. I love the difference of ambiance: brightful in the beginning and yet, the more the girl is exploring, the more she's seeing devastated landscapes (a cave caused by a meteorite, an abandoned mine, a temple destroyed by water, shattered isles, even a forest full of spiders without forgetting a desert).While the audio was initially broken, I managed to get it back, though I don't know if it's due to the solution posted by Fishing Cactus or not. It's marvelous and magnificient. Also, they followed advices from players to include a full audio in English to tell the story written on the path of the girl. The narrator did very well her part.True, you still have some bugs around, after all, we're all stuck to 16 combos, which means that I'll probably have to erase my data and play the game again (but not before unlocking the achievements with enemies killed and words written). However, Fishing Cactus is reactive, so, I have faith to see soon a patch.Epistory was a game I was recommeding back then and I'm not disappointed by the whole package. If anything, it should be in your library as it's a wonderful story, so poetic. The typing gameplay is also a good core for it.Really, a true gem."
,Recommended,398850,22164215,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Vector,"Comparative review: Bastion meets Typing of the Dead with a touch of Zelda.It tells its story in a very interesting way. Literally a storybook that's being created as you move about the world. The core mechanic is switching into a ""typing mode"" and quickly typing out words hovering over the environment, chests, and enemies. Typing quickly extends a combo meter and when the meter is finished, it adds XP to your level bar. The XP bar gates abilities and places you can go. As you unlock new areas, new dungeons are discovered. Within these dungeons are ""tools"" that grant you new special abilities. The two I've encountered so far is my attacks/typing are now Fire & Ice based. By entering ""typing mode"" I can switch between them by typing ""fire"" or ""ice"". Fire burns enemies after the first correctly spelled word (most enemies take two words to defeat) and Ice will stop an enemy for a period of time. Since your character dies after being touched by an enemy, combat consists of using your typing skills to pick the right targets and switching between your two attacks.My only criticism is that the movement is a little clunky. It Tries to teach you an alternative control screen at the start of the game but I found myself naturally using WASD to move. It works well enough and you can quickly put points into movement speed (and a sprint skill) but traversing the world feels very rigid.Apparently the difficulty adjusts as you play the game. The worse you are at typing, the easier the words are. I spend my entire day typing so I'm getting some very long and difficult words thrown at me. There have been a few occasions where part of a word was not inputted since I was typing too fast. This isn't a normal occurrence, however.Did I mention you are a young girl riding around on a fox being narrated by a the author writing a book? I probably should have mentioned that.I really recommend this. Despite it being very Bastion, it's incredibly unique."
,Recommended,398850,22259915,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Misha,"Charming and challenging!Epistory. Oh my. I have finished this game in TWO days. Thats one of the fastest times I have ever finished a game. And I enjoyed it very much!You control the game solely by kayboard. The combat evolves around typing words as fast as possible, and using various powers to defeat enemies. You can use fire, ice, thunder or wind. In Epistory, you will also find puzzles, some can get really frustrating. (looking at you speed based puzzles T_T)It has lovable artstyle. Everything looks like its made out of paper! Voiceacting is very good too. Branching story that evolves as you progress though the game. A lot of things to discover.RPG elements. You can upgrade your abilities so do more damage or add some abilities to yourself!Various keyboard layouts to choose from as well.A great example of a great indie game.Thank you devs for an awesome experience."
,Recommended,398850,22200544,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Hreidmar,Fun and colorful imagery. The story is fun to follow. You'll want to find all the hidden treasures. The world really opens up and the difficulty isn't to high. If you like typing games and a decent story left up to the imagination you'll like this game.
,Recommended,398850,22171729,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Snschl,"I bought this blindly to test out a new keyboard, so you can imagine my surprise when a ""typing game"" actually turns out to be an expansive RPG with a challenging and complex battle system and a touching story. In fact, the typing-game-connotations aren't doing this game any favors, since it has more in common with Bastion, Okami or Darksiders - it has a gradually expanding overworld, themed dungeons, elemental powerups that also act as gating abilities to access certain areas, secrets and collectibles, side activities like monster-nest removal, etc. The combat tests more than just your typing skills, asking you to switch between elements on the fly (by actually typing the element's name) and using the right elements on the right targets (by judging their size, the complexity of their words, and the speed they're approaching you) in the right order. It makes for some pretty nail-biting encounters, and more than a few deaths.I was pleasantly surprised with how the story integrates into the gameplay. The game has no cinematics, and never leaves the isometric perspective, so storytelling falls to the voice-over narration and, more importantly, the level design. The girl-riding-a-fox-and-fighting-insects fantasy plot allegorically tells the biography of a woman, and every dungeon depicts a pivotal moment in her life. E.g., the ""water temple"" is a puzzle-filled greek ruin under constant threat of a flood, mirroring the woman's stressful college years. This is conveyed through visual design, subtle narration (occasionally in another voice, which always signifies the woman in question speaking outside of the fantasy plot), details like the enemies having academic terms as their ""health bars,"" and that dungeon's collectibles, which together make a picture of a graduation ceremony. It's a really nice way to freshen up the classical Ocarina-of-Time level progression."
,Recommended,398850,23872421,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kosmit,"Epistory is an incredibly fun game, where the player interacts with the world by typing the words seen in the environment. What seems silly as a concept turns out to be very engaging as you desperately try to type as fast as humanly possible to defeat the encraoching waves of enemies. There is an interesting story too.The Good:+ Beautiful graphical design+ Gorgeous world to explore, which expands as you discover more+ Varied 'combat' requires the player to switch between elements (fire, wind, ice, spark) depending on the enemies+ Fun way to improve your typing skills+ Game adapts difficulty to your levelThe Mediocre:~ Some words the player is required to type are far from commonly used, causing confusion. Understandable when using incredibly long words, less so with shorter words.~ Using the map is a bit cumbersome~ Realatively short campaign, though for me the arena mode more than makes up for that.The Bad:- Game exits combat automatically, which is fine. Unfortunately it sometimes happens at moments it should not.~ Keyboard control only (no mouse).  This would not be a problem if it wasn't for the ice, which locks you in your path when entered. The keyboard is often not precise enough to navigate ice the way you want. Annoying."
,Recommended,398850,28350228,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,aldoleo,"So my typing courses have proven their usefulness in many serious situations. I did not have to waste time during my many university courses that required ridiculously long answers and in my current job I get to write out my notes while still on the line with my customers. But with Epistory I got to explore a beautiful world and honed my skills in split-second decision-making.THE GOODBeautiful graphics with a unique look to them.Clear and straightforward set of challenges with a steady learning curve.Plenty of challenges that require the full set of skills.THE (subjectively) GOODI just love the main gameplay mechanic and it allowed me to hone a skill that I was already quite good at (10-fingers blind typing for over a decade)THE BADI did not care much for the story, it hinted at trauma, loss, personal development and an overarching mystery of why this little girl is running around a paperfolded world on a fox. It did not dare to explore any of these themes in detail. If this was based on someone's personal experience, I did not get the feeling this was very genuine.why THE BAD shouldn't stop you from buying this game:You can completely ignore the story, it is of no consequence to your overall enjoyment.why THE GOOD should stop you from buying this game:if you're dyslexic, can't type well or are bad at responding to challenges within a split-second, you should give this game a pass. You're required to be a typing speedster and can't afford to waste time finding the right letters on your keyboard. Go look over the shoulder of a typist as they absolutely ace the game instead. ;)"
,Recommended,398850,18318163,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DustinYourEyes,"As a fan of typing games in general *flashes bedroom eyes at Typing of the Dead: Overkill from across the bar* I found  this game quite the treat. Burned through it in about an hour and a half with no regrets and a hunger for more.The touchstones feel like placeholder art, more sounds are definitely needed, and a hardcore mode (mess up and you start the word over) in the future would be fantastic. Overall, I am very intrigued. I-N-T-R-I-G-U-E-D. This Early Access game is just my type, and hopefully yours too. Pick it up.P.S. All my gamer-love to Mike Fahey from Kotaku, whose feature on Epistory let me to it in the first place."
,Recommended,398850,34382913,Posted: 20 August,all,TehAlbi,"I'd like to start by saying that I bought this game simply because there's a person riding on the back of a giant fox.I was a little dissapointed to learn that it was a typing game (I of course realized this before buying and stuck it on my wishlist to buy during a sale in case I wouldn't like it), and didn't really know what to expect as far as story was concerned.. I didn't want to delve into something that was too repetative or boring. Typing games are fun and all, but usually I just end up frustrated that my 45 WPM isn't good enough, and usually it's just typing with no real direction behind it.That being said, I literally have no regrets in purchasing this game.The graphics are unique and the story unfolds (literally, unfolds) into a deeply and eloquently written mystery. As you play through the levels, you slowly realize that this mystery is about you, as the main character... you are slowly piecing together memories of where you came from and how you ended up where you are now. While that story arch has certainly been over-used in games/movies/books, etc, the ending was delightfully fulfilling, regardless. I can't say that it tugged fully on my heartstrings, but it came awfully close.One of my favorite things about the game is the narration. As you explore the map and unlock new areas, the unlocked scripts are narrated for you. This not only sets the mood in many instances, but it helps piece together the story of your adventures throughout the map (and your own memories). It felt a little like a fun novelty in the beginning, but by the end of the game I found myself eagerly searching small corners of the map in hopes of finding something I had missed. This feature also helps drive the game without feeling like you are being lead around by the nose (if you ever feel lost, try to follow where you think the next set of text lines will be!).The graphics are good without being overwhelming. I actually really loved the simple origami style, in which most everything looks like folded paper. There are some areas which felt hard to navigate because certain grasses are not walkable but look like they should be (there are a few ""backgound"", decorational items like this as well); but overall it did not really negatively affect the gameplay. It was also fun to see the fox's gait change on surfaces such as ice, where instead of walking, he slips around. The controls were easy to understand and use, and I found no issues with any of them (I played on my laptop keyboard and mouse).I was also fond of how the levels were set up, in that if you did things slightly backwards, it wasn't a big deal. Some areas you can only unlock after unlocking something else (you need to complete this level in order to gain an ability that lets you into the next level, etc), but for the most part it felt fairly free-roam. You can move around the map as you please, discovering new areas and/or defeating nests for experience points, which you can then spend as you'd like. This allows you to build up your character skills in whichever manner you'd prefer (you'll have enough skill points to buy out everything at the end of the game, but choosing how you want to build in the beginning may change difficulty between players). You aren't forced, at any point, to select certain abilities in order to get past a level. This made gameplay feel more natural and less lead, which I enjoyed thoroughly.Overall, I found the game very relaxing and really wondered why they didn't put games like this into schools to encourage us to WANT to learn to type (and then remembered that I went to school oh-so long ago).On top of most of the game being a relaxing dive into a great story, it did have some great ""boss"" battles, which actually had me on the edge of my seat. Some were easier than others, but most really required a great amount of focus and calm (which is difficult when your adrenaline is pumping!). The more you work yourself up, the more blunders you make while typing, the more times you are apt to fail. The trick really is to stay as calm and focused as you can to get through - and boy is it relieving when you finally do!I think the only thing that I can really say negatively about the game is that one nest in particular is ABSOLUTELY RAGE INDUCING. I rage quit the game a few times, to say the least (and scared my boyfriend with my incessant, top of my lungs swearing). I stumbled upon the particular nest about mid-way through the game, failed a million times, and then decided that I probably needed one of the abilities I had not yet unlocked in order to defeat it. I was wrong. The new abilities really didn't do anything for me, and I finally managed to defeat it using my first two of ice and fire, primarily. Whoever decided that the word ""Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis"" should be included can go suck it. I can't even read that thing in my head, let alone try to furiously type it while surrounded by a swarm of other convulutedly named insects. It was this nest in particular that played on my fears that 45 WPM would never be good enough to get me through a typing game (but I made it, so TAKE THAT!).Overall, I highly recommend it, even though I will likely never play through a 2nd time, if only for that one nest (it seriously ruined the entire mood of the game for me and I never want to feel that level of rage again). I bought it on sale and feel like it was worth the money (40% off, I believe). Couldn't tell you if full-price would be worth it.. I suppose it would depend greatly on your taste in games. But if you like reading, typing, and a fairly laid back play style (with some short, adrenaline rush battles), this game is for you!"
,Recommended,398850,31606675,Posted: 7 May,all,Cardigait75,"Fun, relaxing, poetic (a bit too much poetic, maybe), graphically inspired and unique.If you can type on an english keyoard without looking at it, even if yuo maek som erors, you should try."
,Recommended,398850,19769681,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"Gorgeous, colorful art style and extremely fun gameplay. If the game is already this great in its early access stage, then I can only imagine how incredible the finished product will be. There's a lot of potential here. I'm very much excited for what's to come!"
,Recommended,398850,25272481,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Speckled Egg,"A very beautiful indie game. The soundtrack and animations are beautiful. It's a QWERTY typing game, and moving the character takes some getting used to, but with practice you'll move around like a pro. To defeat enemies you just type the words above the enemy, which also depend on 4 elements that you acquire: Fire, Wind, Electricity (Spark), and Ice. You switch between the elements by typing it. I have a WPM of 65, so I had no trouble beating the game, and only died 3 times throughout. However, you can change the difficulty setting to suit your preference and skill level. The story is very subtle and nuanced, throughout the game the character's voiceover describes both the setting/present and the past. There are a few memories scattered throughout the dungeon, find them all and you'll get a picture that depicts the past/story. Because they're pictures, the story is open to interpretation. However, I'm the kind of person that tries to figure out how the story will end--and I figured it out quite quickly. I won't spoil it for you, but it's a good ending. There are so many indie games that are cheap imitations of other games--this game, however, is different in artwork, gameplay, and story. Buy the game, you won't be disappointed, I sure wasn't."
,Recommended,398850,22152776,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Spudmeister,"I only played a few minutes, and I am already in love with it. The graphics are beautiful. The storytelling is unique. And the game actually helps hone my typing skills - which are terrible, but oh well. Epistory proves that not all typing games are as silly as Typing of the Dead; they can be serious, atmospheric, and very rich in story-telling."
,Recommended,398850,33061357,Posted: 30 June,all,TACOCAT,"It's a fun little game and the art is great (except for the end). I do recommend it if it's on sale for $10 or less, but I'm surprised the reviews right now are ""overwhelmingly positive"". It's really fun as a shallow, distracting game, but I caution you not to pay too much attention to the narration.The ""story"" just ... doesn't work. It fails terribly, in fact. I feel like the writers were attempting something somewhat deep, but it really just came across as bad emo writing. It consisted entirely--ENTIRELY--of cliched phrases and metaphors, mostly revolving around the girl whining and struggling for some reason that isn't really made clear. The girl says some completely out-of-context♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes, which never connects to anything in the game. I get that it was supposed to be cliche to an extent, to remind you of familiar stories probably, but it really breaks immersion with how bad it is. It's also never explained:--why she's riding as fox--why everything's origami--why there's elemental magic--why it's a ""writing a story/typing"" theme--what happened (even at the end)The ending is kind of a random, cop-out ending, where the art suddenly gets crappy and you go ""wait, seriously?"" and then the painful credits roll. I think there were even a couple more dungeons I still wanted to complete, and had I known I was heading towards finishing the game, I would've waited on that one.So, a lot of it was disappointing, but if you just want to type and run around on a fox and look at neat origami graphics somewhat mindlessly, I really recommend it. It was fun exploring the world, figuring out some puzzles (except the ice, ice sucks), and getting distracted for several hours. I'd play it again in the future."
,Recommended,398850,25934223,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,birb,"Wow. Okay, I've played my fair range of typing games, ranging from the mundane to *this*. You may think, ""how original can you get with a typing game? Is it worth buying this?"" This is how original you can get with a typing game.A story told not by a heavy-fisted hand but by respecting your intelligence and giving you the pieces to put the story together in your head, in a sense leaving the player to *write* the story themselves. A typing system lenient enough as to not frustratingly punish the player for the endless typos you will make in the intense battle sections, but hard enough to make this an extremely rewarding challenge that does actually make you markedly better at typing. A world so beautiful and varied that I even enjoyed the endless backtracking, I seemingly unturned new stones with every step I walked. A narrator you will never get tired of hearing the voice of, and neither the words. A pacing so well done that even through the many play sessions it took to get through the game, it still felt like a cohesive journey to the very end.If you are decent at typing and have the money to spare, buy this game. I don't think you'll regret it."
76561198076651545,Recommended,398850,33086117,Posted: 1 July,all,aurora_aeterna,"I don't know what made me want to give a typing game a try. I saw the trailer, thought it was a rather interesting mechanic, so I bought it. The game is beautiful. The origami-style graphics are the perfect complement to a game that tells a story. The typing combat and exploration mechanic is fluid, and the story is captivating. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,398850,26300943,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kantra19,"This is a gorgeous and amazing game! The animation is so creative and beautiful to look at. I also really love typing games and it is nice to see something that seems made for teens and adults to enjoy. The music is also pretty good, although it fades out a bit too much and the environmental effects become aggravating after a while. I would not recommend it for typing practice, unless you are pretty good and just want to practice speed. It probably also helps if you have a decent vocabulary. Sometimes the words get blurry and since it is better to hit them far off, knowing the word from the few letters you can see and the length helps you type it out and other times they are just very long words and being able to spell them out quickly then jump to others is a great help.I only have two criticisms. The ice dungeon is frustrating, because for whatever reason the arrow keys don't aim well, but all the targets are very sensitive. Also, if you don't have the proper screen size the words relatively near the edge of the screen can be very hard to read, meaning that you're sometimes stuck typing at the last minute. This also is not really a criticism but I think I will have to play it again to really understand the story. It is not that complex and I think I get it, but there's a small plot hole I do not really understand. Also, the end credits song is not included in the purchaseable soundtrack for whatever reason.It works just fine on the mac. I have a MacBook Pro 2012 and the colors looked great, framerate was good, and movement was just fine.It is not a very long game, but it is a lot of fun. It is fun to explore and the attacks are really interesting. The idea of watching a world made out of paper folded out for you to see is wonderful.I would recommend this for people who like typing and exploration games."
,Recommended,398850,22149492,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-Very good typing game-So this game has nice ""paperlike"" graphics, an interesting story told by some narrator and neat typing.If you like that you should get the game. Around five hours of gameplay I guess...Minor problems: fox moves like a elephant making moving puzzles more frustrating also enemies sneak up on you while you're running which you want to do all the time and deliver instakills but it doesn't set you back much.All in all a very pretty and entertaining game and I forgot my dinner. Well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,398850,22181166,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CoastalHaze,"10/10 would type the longest words in the dictionary again.People shouldn't give early access games negative reviews on bugs alone, so even though there's a few of them, I'll try to give you a heads up on the major ones so you don't run into the problems I did. Overall I think this is a cool game.Pros:Art direction. I am a pretty big fan of this. Watching the world grow around you as you progress really motivates you to continue and the book page animation style to the tiles really fits the theme of the game. Everything has the ""cut from paper, seemingly origami"" aesthetic. Very cool.Sound. I think there is a subtle elegance to the sound that they chose to go with and it isn't intrusive but still gives a nice ambience. The end song was a wonderfully unique composition.Gameplay & combat. This is as complicated of a gameplay style that a typing game can get. They did really well on this front. The game has an 'experience' bar, which uses a feather currency that is acquired from typing words and opening treasure chests, abilities that you can level up, and four schools of magic that you learn along the way, which allow you to progress to new areas of the game. Everything is very well-paced, albeit if you are a fast typist you will finish the game relatively quickly and be yearning for more. ;) I finished the game in approx. 5 hours.Difficulty curve. They have an adaptive difficulty setting that can be turned off or on.The developers do seem very involved in addressing player issues/questions/reports.Cons:Your character doesn't stop as suddenly as you would like sometimes, and more than once I found myself sliding into an enemy and dying as a result. Think Mario or Donkey Kong in an ice level.Edit-After typing this review I got a personal e-mail response from one of the devs addressing some of the neutral points and cons, which was very nice of them and so I've edited out some things that maybe was a quick judgment on my part. They are doing a great job!*Update*-Removed some bug-related things from the cons list as the devs have fixed them. Game continues to be amazing!"
,Recommended,398850,22166590,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mattias,"What a lovely game. What a lovely game! I'm only 1.5 hours in, but I want to type a couple of words here before I forget.I can already say that it is well worth the money, and unless this game ends in like 30 minutes or less from where I am I'd even venture to say they should up it a bit, because 14,99€ seems like an absolute steal.The typing feels great and thrilling - some encounters are really hectic, and pulling off a perfect spree when it's practically hailing words and letters at you makes you feel awesome. There is also a ""dynamic difficulty""-setting which is hard to measure without knowing how it works, but it seems to me like the difficulty adapted pretty well. I feel that the challenge is just right to not be frustrating but still make me sweat a bit.The world is very pretty with the crumpled paper look, and it's really sweet how it unfolds before your eyes.The narration is stellar, well-paced and delivered in a way that befits a world that unfolds piece by piece as you explore it. Really draws me in and makes the experience feel really special.The music is also great. I remember getting shivers down my spine when the music emphasized the sudden dramatic turn in the narration in the beginning. I feel like that sync between music and narration was lost a bit after the intro bit though, not as much well-timed changes that amplify the narration, but maybe I'm just a bit too focused on typing words like a raging lunatic to notice now.One small gripe I have is that it becomes a bit tricky to follow the narration that happens during hectic fights because the audio seems to be overcome by the sound fx of magic being fired and enemies dying. Might be a setting to increase the volume of the narration, but I think the sound level is perfect out of combat, so not sure if that's a good solution for me.As a final note, it takes a bit of getting used to the proposed control scheme(EFJI), but after a while it starts feeling natural and doesn't cause any noteworthy grief. I missclick from time to time, but no problem really, and it's getting earier all the time. If you really can't stand it they've enabled ordinary WASD-movement as well, so it shouldn't be a problem for anyone.I absolutely, absolutely recommend this game if you even slightly enjoy typing-games. Even if you aren't a huge fan, this might be the title to win you over since the world and the narration draws you in."
,Recommended,398850,33712243,Posted: 21 July,all,Tails The Fox,"Epistory - Typing Chronicles is a game in which you play as a girl who rides upon a giant fox.I loved the game's beautiful art style. The environments in the game are all quite unique, with their own coloration and atmospheres, and the attention to detail of the scenery and the architecture is quite beautiful.I also enjoyed the soundtrack to the game, though I have heard some minor looping issues for some of the tracks, but its soundtrack is still quite lovely, and each track fits the mood of its level quite well.I enjoyed the gameplay a lot, and I think it was a fun game to play, and I've never played a typing game that is as fun as this one. I think it does an excellent job at combining typing with adventure, and the four different magic elements are a nice touch. I also enjoy games that let you gather collectibles, and I think it was a cool addition to this game. ^.^The few issues I have with the game are these:The story was kind of vague, and not thoroughly explained in any means, and I wish that certain things would've been explained.Some of the music tracks, as I mentioned, don't loop seamlessly.Despite those flaws, I still very much enjoyed the game. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys adventure games, games with unique art-styles, and games that let you explore quite a bit.^.^"
76561198057904924,Recommended,398850,22211278,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Majestic Space Whale,"Never thought a typing game would be so nice. Note that while it is a ""typing"" game, it's not like Mavis Beacon.The world is very aesthetically pleasing, and the music and sounds are good. The narration is unique and appropriate. The adaptive difficulty appropriately adjusts to your level, and the typing is actually really fun.I have no real issues with the game. It would be nice to have auto-run by default, and the story feels like a very heavy handed metaphor.Very enjoyable game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,398850,22229129,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,zvⒶhl,"Typing game!  I'm a sucker for them.An adorable aesthetic with lots of great paper folding, nice Bastion-like tiles, and a cute main character that doesn't come off as too precious.Simplistic, and only manages to be really hard in Arena mode or a few particularly nasty nests, but has a fun system that keeps you along through the entire plot (about 4-5 hours), and some cute puzzles that aren't too nasty.Probably a pretty great teaching game!"
76561197961146899,Recommended,398850,34943042,Posted: 13 September,all,xdzzz,"This game is amazing on many fronts. It is stunningly beautiful, the story is interesting and written elegantly, the puzzles are challenging and the typing game mechanic is unique, compelling and refreshing. Switching between elements adds an extra layer of strategic planning to the game mechanic and the leveling system provides you with a lot of freedom of choice. It is very, very rewarding.This is probably one of the best PC games I've played... ever. The dungeons remind me of old school, top down Zelda games. This is creativity and design at its finest. The only complaint I have is that character movement is clunky and isn't all that intuitive. But it makes sense given the game is designed so that you keep your hands in qwerty position 95% of the time (besides in menu). Eventually, you get used to it but it is still very tank-like, rigid, grid movement and just doesn't feel all that natural.Buy this game. It is well worth the money.P.S. +1 for Linux support."
76561197999123740,Recommended,398850,23298859,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Birdzilla88,"I bought this game because I like typing games and there are not many good ones on the market. Decided to give it a try even though it says that it would not work with my laptops Intel integrated graphics cards. (Computer stats- i5-3340M, 8G RAM, Win 7-64 bit) Game plays just fine of full resolution and fast graphics and does not use eat battery nearly a much as other games I have played.Pros:Works on my computerExcellent  story lineAdaptive difficultyPuzzlesBest typing game I have ever played!Cons:Funky navigation system (i=up, j=left, f=down, and e=right) (WASD=diagonals)"
,Recommended,398850,22497393,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,srcleaves,"First off, don't be dissuaded by the fact that this is a typing game. It is very much an adventure game with typing for combat. Unless you are absolutely dreadful with the keyboard you should enjoy playing this game. Some of the fights, especially the end of level fights, can be pretty fast-paced, but there is a dynamic difficulty so if you fail a fight it will be easier the next time.The game itself is beautiful. It has a paper/origami styling in both the graphics and the game sounds and it is wonderfully executed. As you progress through the world you unlock new areas and these flutter and unfold into being in front of your eyes. You gain multiple powers of magic as you explore the different parts of the story/world and these abilities must be used not only to interact with elements of the world but in combat. All combat is against insects ranging from crawling, to walking, to flying bugs. There is nothing gory. The large fights can last several minutes and you are stationary during them while and onslaught constantly spawns around you. There is no penalty for death, you will just restart moments before triggering the fight, but as I mentioned earlier the difficulty of the fight will be reduced. I really like this feature and wish more games would provide it. I'm in the game more for the experience, the story, the exploration, not to perfect combat so it works very well for me. That said I've only died a few times and I'm not a touch-typer. I have my own typing style which has evolved from 30+ years of having computers.The developer has done a great job making the powers feel appropriate. You start with the ability to shoot fireballs when you type words but you gain other types of magic as you progress. I'm not going to say what they are because I think unlocking those powers is part of the fun of the game. Not only do the ways the powers work feel appropriate to the type of magic, but the words you'll need to type are related. It is very easy to see by color of the text which type of magic must be used. It is possible this could be a problem for those with color deficiency issues so I'd recommend watching some videos of the game to see before buying.The game performs very well. I have no trouble maintaining 60fps at 1080p. The music is wonderful.I've had a great deal of fun with this game and would highly recommend it.If you'd like to watch my complete Let's Play of the game the first episode is here...https://youtu.be/377ghgYOoQo"
,Recommended,398850,18797819,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MikeyPB,"I really enjoyed playing Epistory. I was unsure about typing as a game mechanic, but when it's wrapped in such beautiful art, writing, and production, typing becomes a lovely way of exploring the world. As waves of enemies ramp up, it works really well as a combat mechanic too and the fire power makes things tactical. Looking forward to more levels, powers and more Epistory in future updates!"
76561198055762608,Recommended,398850,23960165,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ortzz,"I didn't pick up this game with intention to get better at typing, I picked it up to look at very pretty papercraft worlds. This game delivered on that and then much more.What suprised me about this game is that it has so much in common with a metroidvania or a zelda game. Epistory takes place on one map. But, the way you progress through the map is by either gaining enough experience to activate these points that build new paper additions onto the map, or by the powers you gain throughout the story that allow you to open gates or teleport to new destinations. This system ensures that you always have a goal and that really helps to keep the game from getting stale. And the rewards for opening new parts of the map usually felt substantial with the main rewards either being a new dungeon to explore (and likely gain a new power from) or a large combat encounter (which will give you a ton of XP).The dungeons are the highlight of the game. They are filled with puzzles, gigantic combat encounters, and tons of hidden trinkets. Dungeons usally acted as test beds for new powers, balencing both puzzles and combat alike to take advantage of the power you most recently gained. This helped make each one feel different. Also, it helps that the dungeons tend to be the most visually stunning sections of the game because of the variety and environmental creativity (for example: one dungeon takes place in a forest fragmented into small islands by a tornado). I think most of the dungeons were so good I would have recommended this game even if they were the only part of it. But the overworld connects them all in such an interesting way, which makes this game go from good to great.But despite it being a great game, it's not perfect. I have two complaints. The first one is that there are no boss battles. This complaint is a little petty, but I think a few good boss battles would have elivated this game from from a great game to a game the level of limbo/braid. My second complaint is that the large combat encounters that are in the game can sometimes go on for a bit long. While fun, you are not able to pause the game during these so if you have to go do something in the middle of one of these encounters, you will have to eat a loss and then spend 5-8 minutes doing it again.But these are small complaints in the grand scheme of things. I'm overall just impressed that a typing game elivated itself so far above that gimmick to become just a good game in it's own right despite the unusual mechanics for interacting with it. It's damn good."
,Recommended,398850,31616712,Posted: 7 May,all,Lyrian,"A beautiful game both in its story and its art design. Normally, I would have found the narration cloying, but here it works well as a story and a marker of your progress. I would never have guessed that a typing game would have had me eagerly going back to it to continue the story. My one and only gripe is the movement controls. You're supposed to use keys that keep your fingers in proper typing position and I wasn't able to get the hang of it. Thankfully, you are also able to use traditional keyboard controls for movement as well in this game so it didn't detract from the experience at all."
,Recommended,398850,22201978,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,deedlydeedlydee,"Who knew, back in 1996, that Mr. Lori's middle school typing class would one day help me beat an isometric adventure on hard mode?Pros: Typing-based combat works incredibly well. Beautiful art design. Skill tree is actually useful. Map is huge and varied without being hard to navigate. The ""papery"" environmental sounds are really satisfying to listen to.Cons: Movement controls can be clunky and take some getting used to. Certain words seem to pop up a lot: ""Fief"" was a big one for me."
,Recommended,398850,22708509,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,#TeamFiona,"Yeah, it might be a typing game, but this is one of the most incredible games I have seen in a while. The art and storytelling in this game is phenominal. It's all typing but the gameplay and the mechanics that are used in this game are so much fun to use and combo with. The storytelling is such that you want to find all the collectables (not that they are hard to find in each chapter) because the art design and story are just beautiful. I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,398850,31854323,Posted: 19 May,all,Urthman,"This is a very pretty & polished game with clever game-play ideas that are well executed.  It's a game where you have to quickly type words to defeat enemies and interact with the environment.  But it's not just mindless typing.  The game adds elemental magic that greatly increases your tactical options.  Do you want to use fire magic that burns enemies faster?  Ice that slows down the enemies bearing down on you?  Lightning that can strike multiple foes if you use it correctly?  The game seems to adapt to your typing speed - I found it consistently challenging but not frustrating.The little dungeons have more puzzles than I would have expected - not difficult, but engaging.  And the pop-up book style artwork looks great."
,Recommended,398850,22172304,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Help Me Learn,"The only MAJOR lacking feature is a way to save your game. With multiple people in the home all wanting to play, there is no way for each person to progress at their own rate. Only one game progress which is saved."
76561198133964413,Recommended,398850,18438394,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,littlejmarsh,I didn't know an all keyboard game could be this intense!
,Recommended,398850,22220697,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ayche,"There is nothing quite like the panic when you are trying to write ""Environmentalists"" while your fingers fumble on the keyboard and the demon snake is inches from instakilling you.Also the game is real pretty, makes you believe people can actually make Unity look this nice."
,Recommended,398850,32971222,Posted: 28 June,all,upirons4ever,"If you like typing games with a unique art style, music and somewhat of a story then this game is for you. Games such as Typing of the Dead where you only have to type the words on screen to damage enemies. In Epistory it is more intuitive as the game progresses you learn new magics such as fire and ice and have to switch between them to defeat enemies that are weak to those magics.The game can get tough as it adjusts it's difficulty to your typing skills. However with perseverence the switching back between skills you can overcome any challenge.To move the character you can either use the normal WASD keys, arrow keys or specifically for this game it also uses the RFIJ keys in order to keep you hand in the normal position to start typing. I wish there was a way to disable the WASD keys for movement if I'm sticking with the RFIJ keys as my fingers are flying all over the keyboard.Love the game and looking forward to see it to its completion. Recommended if you like typing."
76561198046016919,Recommended,398850,22231235,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jve15,I didn't know I could feel so much adrenaline just by typing some words.
,Recommended,398850,22277491,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,QuacKC,"I'm probably not saying anything that hasn't already been said before, but this is a beautiful game with a wonderful presentation. One part Bastion, one part Diablo, and you guessed it... one part Typing Tutor. It works.The game doesn't really penalize you for typos (sure, your game performance improves with your typing accuracy) but I'd say if you don't type reasonably *fast* (with or without typos), you may find the game frustrating.It took me about 9 hours to finish the initial storyline, which I felt was well worth it for the $14 I spent on the game. In my first run through I got 2/3 of the Steam achievements, and I may spend some more time trying to get the rest (the game does let you continue after you finish the story)."
76561197997054587,Recommended,398850,31425531,Posted: 28 April,all,Tuwonwon,The best origami-based real-time typing RPG I've played this year. Seriously great stuff.
,Recommended,398850,22244501,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Black Shawarma,"Epistory is, at it's heart, a cute game with an unravelling story. The core mechanic relies on typing: obstacles, puzzles and enemies are overcome by typing. But the game is so much deeper than that.The level design is just brilliant. Even the seemingly random words you type hold part of the story. Lots of play on words and fun puzzles reinforce the entire world, perfecting the core mechanic.Enemies are fun to type away, and there are four elements you can use (once you've mastered them) each with different results, giving you a varied gameplay experience and your own personal choice for combat (most of the time, anyway).The story itself is nice. I can't really say much more without any spoilers, but I found it very enjoyable. Add the fact that world itself is telling part of it, a great voice actress, and a well-thought presentation, and you've got yourself a very fun and interesting joruney.The game is very well paced, and it's neither too short nor too long. The progression system is neat, and unravelling the world (and the plot) feels very gratifying.Then there's challenges for those who like to explore the game, and those who want to improve their typing skills. Hidden treasures and parts of the map, plus very cleverly thought out mechanics, and this game is a gem among a lot of mud.As a final touch, you have the option (on by default) to use adaptive difficulty, which is a great way of not interrupting the flow of the game if you're distracted / having a bad day.I heartily recommend this game for anyone who's looking for a fun, different game, that doesn't hold your hand through every step or insults your intelligence by making everything too easy / obvious.Great job, Fishing Cactus!"
,Recommended,398850,29793949,Posted: 8 February,all,Black tiger,"What a game, I strongly recommend anyone who wants a great typing game.  This game's art is breath taking, the story being subtle as it is, gave me the chills when everything came together in the end.Buy the game, typers, buy it."
76561198091877607,Recommended,398850,35006314,Posted: 16 September,all,Foxworth,"There are so many games out there that fit into one formula or another, one is tempted to assign numbers to them and say, ""For a Number 9, that's not bad."" This game utterly defies such cynical pigeonholing...it is its own category. And I say that affectionately and a bit sad that it is over.Unless you can divide your attention and type like a whirlwind, you will struggle with this game. That's not a criticism, that's just a fact. The game starts easily enough, but each new level builds on all that came before, and all too soon you'll find yourself trying to switch modes during a melee.That aside, the lyrical and fresh qualities of this game are engaging and I can't recommend it enough for originality, playabiliity, empathy, and challenge. When it ended I felt good about my skill, but I also felt good about the whole premise of the game and its sympathetic protagonists."
,Recommended,398850,22543467,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,vvv,i dont think ive enjoyed a game like this in a long while! there was a hump in time where updates hindered the enjoyment but its to be expected with indie titlessuch unique and interesting game mechanics that i went into thinking less of but wow did it really put me on my headstunning graphics and enchanting art style that compliments theme of an inspiring authors abillity to paint an entire and vivid landscape with just wordsnot to mention the narration is done very well and powerfully!i absolutely adore this game and im so glad its lasting me more than a night and day to play through itdo i recommend this game? abso-freakin-lutely
,Recommended,398850,28039580,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,castorella,"Taking three years of typing courses in junior high finally pays off! This is the best and most beautiful Typing Course Simulation ever!Jokes aside, I think the game's premise is brilliant: A writer (the Narrator), suffering from a massive writer's block, lets her character takes control of her own story. Because the Narrator is a writer, it makes perfect sense that typing takes center stage in the gameplay. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys fast-typing because that's the only way to play the game.Graphic is amazingly detailed and beautiful, even whimsical at times. But the game isn't too shy to flirt with the bleak and the morbid. Great concept with great execution! I love it so much, I'm playing it very slowly to savor it. I don't want it to be over so soon!"
76561198014227581,Recommended,398850,22228364,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,thats.cripical,"I can honestly say I couldn't be happier with this game. I saw it come across steam while searching for new games to play and jumped right in not knowing what to expect. I get a sick pleasure out of typing games and this certainly scratched that itch. What I didn't expect what such a rich and engaging storyline to go along with it. It tells the story and shapes the world around you very similarly to how Bastion did and I think it really works in it's favor. Watching the world unfold around you as you unlock it bit by bit is very rewarding as it unfolds through paper crafting it around you. The environments were unique and felt very well fleshed out with their own personalities and dynamic. The levels weren't difficult to navigate and generally made sense to get around. I found the game just challenging enough without getting overly frustrated. As you progress through the storyline you gain abilities that have various effects on the enemies you are fighting. Each has their own unique playstyle that feels like it gives you the freedom to choose how you want to play. There didn't appear to be one power that was more effective than the others, but just promoted different strategies. There were definitely times where the game forced you to use a specific power to fight the enemies, but instead of feeling bound the game choosing for me, I felt challenged as it would force you to think on your feet quickly to prioritize which enemies you went for as there would often be more than one type of element at a time. There were numerous scenarios where you were fighting enemies in wave like fashion where the game never forced you to use any one element. In terms of story, I felt like I maybe wanted a little bit more out of the ending, however there does appear to be a decent amount of replayability with upping the difficulty and the arena challenges.Now while I enjoyed this game immensely and would recommend in a heartbeat, but there are things that I experienced that I feel should be talked about. The controls can be rather clunky at times making it difficult to navigate through some of the world. It isn't always clear what is part of the environment you can move through and what isn't. I found a couple instances where I would be working through a timed puzzle and would get stuck on an area that didn't look like it had anything hanging me up which was very frustrating. In terms of the game responding to the words I was typing felt very responsive for the most part, however I did find a couple weird issues on that front as well. There would be times that no matter what I did the words to kill an enemy would never pop up. Also, due to the perspective you are sitting in during fights it can be next to impossible to read the words from enemies very far away. It's not that they aren't popping up, but there is a distinct blur that doesn't get clear until they are basically right infront of you. The pop in of the longer words have presented problems for me as well. I understand that the longer words are supposed to be a challenge, however if a word that is like most of the alphabet long is coming from the right hand side of the screen, I won't be able to begin attempting to type it until the enemy is 5 seconds away from one-shotting me. In those instances I think it would help to zoom out from the arena a bit to give the ability to have a decent attempt at the word. There was a moment I had 3 huge monsters slithering towards me and when the words finally popped in there was a difficulty spike of damn near impossible. In issues with the enemies as well, there are moments where there are tiny flying enemies that only have one letter you have to press to kill them. This is fine through most of the game, however there are environments where you are in the sky or another light colored environment where you can't see the letter due to it blending with the background. The smaller enemies look like general non-threatening flies that add to the environment, so a combination of not seeing the letters pop up and the enemies looking like something that is always buzzing around anyway, led to some frustrating failures 5 minutes into a wave-fight that you have to start all over. My last and final gripe was the map....it never seemed to load correctly. There is no way to scroll through the level on the map and oftentimes it would just show black star-looking field of nothingness. I am sure this is something that can come through on a patch, I just hope it does.I am excited to see how the arena aspect gets fleshed out. I don't know if the dev's are still working on it, but I think this aspect of the game will give longevity and replayability to it as you can compete against others on a world leaderboard. My only complaint there was that the first playthrough I had on arena was fairly easy and I acheived a high score on the leaderboard. However, the subsquent next times I attempted to play the same arena, the words were IMMENSELY harder and this seems to be due to the adaptive difficulty feature. I think that this feature is helpful in keeping the game at the player's pace, however I don't know the scoreboards are able to distinguish based on difficulty and score. It seems to me you could turn adaptive difficulty off and set it to the easiest difficulty and play the arena just to amass a huge score. This could use a bit of balance if that is the case.All in all, despite it's flaws, this game was engaging enough for me to keep playing all the way through to the end and then some. I think the flaws are little tweaks that can be made to improve the game that is already fairly well-polished. The quirks aren't enough to make the game unplayable in any respect. I would like to see more games like this one and maybe even another one in the future by the dev's!"
,Recommended,398850,22207581,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ylzor,"Epistory - Typing Chronicles is an excellent game with very interesting gameplay mechanics, superb art direction and beautiful music. Took me a bit over 5 hours to finish, loved every second of it."
,Recommended,398850,22308813,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Uro ★,"This game won't teach you how to type and if you're a poor typist you'll be facing an uphill climb. Though, this game really stands out as blending Bastion-like story telling with a combat system that has a tiny bit more depth than just typing words fast.I didn't pay much attention to the vague story, but the addicting typing battle system and the paper craft visuals kept me playing the whole afternoon until I beat it 5 hours later. When the game is finished, there is also an arena mode which gives you a leaderboard driven typing survival challenge.It is well-worth 15 dollars if you're a fan of Typing of the Dead, looking for something mechanically straight-forward, very pretty, and aren't looking for someone to teach you how to type."
76561198037372051,Recommended,398850,33442509,Posted: 10 July,all,Wondercrab,"A genuinely charming, creative, and enjoyable game.One of the most wonderful things about Epistory is the way in which it uses typing not just as a game mechanic, but as a thematic focus for both the story and the player's actions. Words that you type relate to the tasks you're performing, the emotional tone of the moment, and the metaphorical story playing out in the background of the main game. This is one of those rare examples of a game utilising its mechanics in a way that intertwines perfectly with the narrative experience it's trying to create.Alongside a cleverly presented and emotionally compelling story, the mechanics are also devised in a charming way that has you rolling your fingers across the keyboard to turn cranks, punching in numbers to open safes, and hammering letters repeatedly to break open padlocks.My only criticisms of Epistory would be that it's perhaps a little too long given how simple it is. While by no means a lengthy game (the main story taking me around 4-5 hours), the same patterns of puzzles interspersed with enemy gauntlets do become somewhat routine by the end of it, despite some clever gimmicks being thrown in to keep every dungeon fresh. Besides that, the ending also felt to me like it missed an opportunity to utilise the game's themes of writing and creativity in a way that gelled more closely with the story. I was expecting a really satisfying emotional payoff given how clever the game was at integrating its story with its mechanics, and what happened instead was slightly more predictable than what I'd hoped for. That being said, the ending is still very sweet and charming, and I may have shed a tear when the credits rolled.Whether you're looking for a genuinely great typing tutor or a creative and enjoyable game, Epistory has you covered. It's a real breath of fresh air, and more than a little reminiscent of titles like Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons both in its emotional tone and clever treatment of game mechanics. Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,398850,23945558,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sophisticated Doggo,"This game looks and plays beautifully. The graphics and level design are top notch and had me sitting in awe as the world literally unfolded in front of me. I wasn't sure how I would like a game that is centered around typing, but this game somehow managed to make me forget all about it. The story, music, art style, and gameplay kept me drawn in from start to finish and kept me wanting to explore. I highly recommend this game. It is a masterpiece of its genre that hit me with more original content and ideas than I've seen from a game in a very long time.Great work from Fishing Cactus.10/10 for me"
76561198061191725,Recommended,398850,24752784,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,🐾Knot A Gay Fox,"The game is really unique, most typing games are forgettable, but this one really has it's place among my favorite games.The art and fighting mechanic are really enjoyable, it can get a bit difficult, but nothing impossible. Also, the story gives this game a nice touch, really worth to play until the end."
,Not Recommended,398850,33073368,Posted: 1 July,all,Han,"Pros:- Beautiful graphic and origami style- Typing is a fun way to fight- Voice acting is on pointCons:- Story telling is vauge, which I'm not a big fun of.-Also the ending is cliche/dull, disappointed. I was expecting more story about the fox since it's kinda a main character to me...- The battle in story mode was too easy for me. Most time I was staring at my screen waiting for the enemies to appear, which ruined the immersion.That's why I thought the adventure would really start AFTER gaining all four elements (and the difficultiy would rise)...but ok :/I know typing speed is different for every one and I see some people saying it's too hard, so I really hope this game can have a wider range of difficulities for every player.- The battle sound track is kinda repeatitive and lacks variations...so it also ruins the excitement for me during battle although I really love type-attacking.-  Puzzles are not fun to slove, especially with a difficult control shceme. For me it's like 20% of time figuring out a puzzle, which is fun; and 80% of time just struggling with the control to put my character in the place I want to actually solve the puzzle in game.- The collecting elements also disappointed me.I was trying hard to collect every chest in each map but it only affectsa portion of ONE CGin the ending credit?? (not even multiple CGs)So overall, this is a decent game with a lot potential and a unique style, but it's not enjoyable for me."
,Recommended,398850,24715900,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Rii27,"What a great game! So beautiful, nice music, fantastic art and I Love attacking the monsters while writing. I think I got better at my keyboard!"
,Recommended,398850,23906130,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[GZ]Piaz,"This game feels like a poem. Music, design and gameplay offer a great blend of escapism with a touch of challenge. I'd buy a RPG with these looks anytime."
,Recommended,398850,19895981,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dragonite,"I hardly ever review games, but this game is different. It is absoltely great! If you are a decent typest or wanting to get better this is the game for you, and if thats not your goal this is still the game for you! MUST HAVE GAME!"
,Recommended,398850,23116070,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,quantum cat,"This is hands down the best typing game I have played, my experience with others in the learning to type genre is that they are typically tedious and boring and so, until now I had no idea you could actually *enjoy* typing games.But for complete beginners,  this game does not provide foundations to touch typing, no indicators telling you which fingers to use and key locations etc, best to learn the basics first (There are many great websites for this)Epistory brings new life to the genre of typing games but even holds up on its own as a fun and beautiful game, feels like I’m not even learning to type but playing an adventure rpg with the entire keyboard as my controller.Beautiful soundtrack too!"
76561198068031173,Recommended,398850,24071151,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,twigcollins,"The graphics on this are lovely - reminded me a bit of Okami and a bit of Tearaway.  Lovely music, fun game play, imaginative environments.  I wish there had been maybe one more level to really explore using all the powers, but I suppose it's a sign of  a good game when the only drawback is wanting more of it.  Great game, have already recommended it to friends."
76561198045356802,Recommended,398850,35413555,Posted: 2 October,all,ElCodeMonkey,Excellent typing game! Dynamic leveling makes it as challenging for me as much as it is for my 6-year-old. Very well done. Fun and beautiful style. Love it.
76561198071779686,Recommended,398850,35385895,Posted: 1 October,all,Llorion,"Pretty cool game and very unique.  I happen to be a fast typer so the game was even more enjoyable for me because it was allowing me to use that strength to my benefit.  At first I wondered how difficult it could be just typing to kill enemies and such but they do some interesting things with speed of creatures as well as the difficulty of some of the words.The controls are a little bit tough because they introduce you to using E, F, I, and J as this keeps your hands in a typing stance, but it takes a little getting used to.  Also, sometimes I find myself locking my character in typing mode when hitting space so be aware of whether or not you are in typing mode already before hitting space.The world is beautiful and I love the overlay of the narration both vocally and visually within the gameworld.  The graphics are really unique and the way the world opens up as you go is really cool.  I also like the abilities that you are able to attain as you progress.I just also played my first arena which was very cool but also a little tiring.  I thought I had actually done very well as I played the arena for what felt like 10 minutes, however my score only got me into about 2300th place!  I imagine the others have higher skills but still it must take a lot to place well in those arenas.Overall, the game is very fun and I am just over an hour in. I really enjoy a new feel to a game and this gives you that. I imagine you would not like this game if you are not a good typist but this will help you become better so it is still worth playing. I am not sure if you can change the difficulty or not.Defintiely worth trying out at such a slow cost as the story and wonder of it all is pretty amazing!"
76561198074711328,Recommended,398850,23790419,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AceMcKenzie,Never tried a typing game before this but thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere and variety of words that appeared.Love the paper art-style and accompanying music. Especially liked the unfolding paper sound effect and accompanying unfolding and pop-up of new land areas and trees as you explore.
76561198029058419,Recommended,398850,27080915,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Evangelyte,Best typing game I ever played!  Need more games like this!
,Recommended,398850,31580440,Posted: 6 May,all,Winged Peach,"I love this game. Whenever I want to give my wrist a break from all that clicking on point and shoot games, I come here, to Epistory. This game is beautiful and has an interesting story to follow. The narrative is well thought out so you can explore the world but still complete the objectives.It is definately challenging. There are odd words and long words on the more difficult monsters. But by strategically using your powers, you can overcome any number of foes!I highly recommend this game to anyone of all ages. Great visuals, fun game play, and challenging! By far the best typing game I've ever played."
76561198053356113,Recommended,398850,23817889,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cendrieR,"Supports Dvorak and Bépo (but could only move correctly with the arrows).Cute visual, cute story, cute game."
,Recommended,398850,23879696,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nierron,"Just finished the main game in 8.5 hours, loved every minute of it even when I was super frustrated by complex battles and my own typos.  Try it out!!!"
,Recommended,398850,24229013,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Skoot,"Wonderful game, great atmosphere, unique genre, a bit on the short side but that way you don't have time to get bored. Really enjoyed it."
76561198096715142,Recommended,398850,24280558,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Questionable Grape,"So I really wanted to get a game that was similar to Typing of the Dead. I got this game and it's waaaaay better than I thought it would be. It has a really good story line, intersting way of how typing is used in the game, and an arena where you can fight as many enemies as you can. I highly, highly recommend this. And I would love to see more games by this creator."
,Recommended,398850,33886485,Posted: 29 July,all,Sabo,"Be warned if you're not a fast typer, because this game will challenge you at one point or another. Beautiful artstyle, beautiful storyline, cannot recommend enough."
76561198076749525,Recommended,398850,35223104,Posted: 26 September,all,nivviri,"Tough game to review, this.Gameplay wise - let's say its letter-typing battle system is interesting, but it's probably not for everyone. The game adjusts its difficulty on its own, so it reacts to the player's skills. But it does get boring in a couple of hours. Discovering the world is beautiful, but mostly thanks to the narrative. Graphically the game is interesting and unique, but I can confirm from other reviews that I don't feel the developers used their book-folding origami style to its full potential.Story wise - perfect. Deep, emotional, original. Something that touches our deepest parts where we were being hurt during our childhood.Together - the gameplay and the story make for a really good game which presents enough of a challenge, but doesn't require too much of your time or attention. You probably won't play it more than once, but I say it's worth it."
76561197970533215,Recommended,398850,31996890,Posted: 27 May,all,Beerman,Beautiful game. Unique game play and engrossing story.
,Recommended,398850,22316774,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Etheric,"Loved some of the old typing games, but this one takes it to the next level.Beautiful level design, strangely adrenaline pumping action from an unexpected format.And I'm learning to type more accurately.Fantastic game."
,Recommended,398850,24239853,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,::dies::,Very unique game. I loved it!
76561198207083779,Recommended,398850,33194483,Posted: 3 July,all,Zaijka,"What a wonderful game!  Plus, who can't say no to a typing and a beautiful adventure game with a mysterious storyline and great graphics.  It is a good one to keep coming back to for a challenge.  It might be a short review, but there is so much good to say that it will take a while for everyone to read, and everyone else got the general idea.  Thank you so much for this game. :)))))"
,Recommended,398850,22262049,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cesar The Salad,"Beautiful and unique graphics, cool typing action. Intriguing story, too."
76561198068886597,Recommended,398850,23808668,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,A-Henchmen,"This game game is relaxing and fun. my only con is the controlls are frustrating, specifically in the puzzle sections with ice. aside from that its great typing game."
,Recommended,398850,35473585,Posted: 4 October,all,RoxyWolf,"Epistory - Typing Chronicles is great, let's get that right out of the way -- if you think you'd like this game, you will. It's gorgeous, it runs butter-smooth (at least on my end,) it's fun and challenging and I thoroughly enjoyed the sense of discoery I felt throughout my playime.But, I'm getting ahead of myself here.The story of Epistory centers on a girl who rides upon the back of a fox, as she travels through a world fragmented and attempts to piece together what has befallen both herself, and the place she calls home. If that sounds very sterotypically RPG-ish, then I do a disservice to the storytelling -- all is told in lines of prose, bits and pieces coming together as the world literally unfolds around you, and the whole thing is fully voiced. The narration may grate on you, but I personally enjoyed discovering the story this game had to tell. It gave the journey through this world a sense of purpose, and it was very hard to put down as a result.Epistory is... a little hard to define, as far as the genre goes. I originally described it to a friend as ""Okami meets Bastion"", and while I still stand by that, it is a bit of a weird way to describe a game in which every action is initiated by typing it out. The game's most interesting mechanic is that actions are spelled out for you -- literally! You have to type a word to perform an action -- Poplar to remove a dead tree, or perhaps Rose to bloom some flowers. Sirocco to blow the winds, Glaciate to freeze the waters, Cremate to burn away some brambles... if you do not enjoy typing, you will not enjoy this game -- but don't knock it until you try it. It's ridiculously fun to solve puzzles (there are many puzzles) and alter the world with the words you type, and combat is challenging and fun all at once.If this game doesn't up your typing speed I will be surprised, because there were moments when I was quite literally typing for my life. It was great. Each of your abilities has a different effect whne typed, and some enemies can only be harmed by a certain ability -- which is helpfully indicated by the color of the words above their head. (Colorblind players, I apologize in advance. If I may make one suggestion to the devs, it is perhaps putting a small symbol of the required element somewhere near the word or on the body of an insect to acommodate the people who want to play but cannot do so due to difficulties with the color-coding. Alternatively, an alt-color mode for colorblind people could help remedy the problem!) Death is instantaneous if something touches you, but I never had too much problem with that, and there is no real loss if it happens. Just try again!If there is any one complaint I have about Epistory, it's that the controls came straight out of hell. It's not a deal-breaker, but WASD for diagonal movement and EFJI for moving in straight lines makes for painful sliding ice puzzles. But it's not a bother once you get used to it, and I spent most of the time just holding a pair of W/A/S/D to hit a straight lined instead. It is a pitfall of games with an isometric view, but it is a small one when the game is this good. Plus, there are mods for changing the controls -- and if it's a bonus, this game supports every kind of keyboard setup I have ever seen. Rejoice, Dvorak, Colemak, Bepo, and all the rest of the configurations out there -- you have been accomodated, too!In all, Epistory is a gorgeous treat of a game with beautiful papercraft-esque graphics and really solid sound design, with engaging gameplay that features everything from inventive combat to puzzle-solving to exploring for hidden treasures and collection items, with an interesting world and captivating story and enough fun and challenge to keep you playing for hours -- and I personally feel that the price is bang-on for how much I got out of this game. It's worth retail, and I don't say that often! It's a real gem of a title, and I cannot recommend it highly enough. Epistory was a wonderful experience, and I hope someone else comes to enjoy it through this review as well.Thank you for reading!"
76561198360286056,Recommended,398850,32819194,Posted: 26 June,all,KateAllen,"Great game to practise English spelling XD, of course you can practise French, Japanese, Russian and so on as well if you need."
,Recommended,398850,35239076,Posted: 27 September,all,dapasdapro,"This game has an awesome concept! After playing 30min, I felt in love with it! It's really worth it, get it!But as a German - it's ♥♥♥♥ing hard! ""Schifffahrtsstraße"" FUUUUU-"
76561197971092065,Recommended,398850,21823437,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,shawurai,"The game is more addictive than fun for me. Some knowledge of the basic layout of your keyboard is required if you don't want frustration to get the better of you. The difficulty will also increase as you unlock new magic. The biggest fun I had was unlocking the sections of the map. The animation for those was amazing as you see how the world opens up like a book.There are of course a few bugs remaining like monsters with no words (but I only had that problem in the ice section of the map) and some spiders turning purple but aside from that, no mayor problems.I recommand this game. It isn't what you would usually play but you'll find it fun (addictive) quickly enough. Just don't be fooled in thinking this is an easy game, where you only need a keyboard. Is is actually much harder this way than something you play with mouse+keyboard or a controler."
,Recommended,398850,24493917,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Arky,"Totally impressed with this game. It is simple, yet stunningly beautiful and relaxing. For the ones who likes typing, this game should be fun for you.Gameplay is excellent. I expected some bugs yet it is running smoothly, out of the box till the end of the story. We kill monsters by typing, almost like Typing of the Dead, added with some ""powers"". It makes typing more fun and not boring.For typists with different layouts, don't worry. This game covered at least the most common layouts (I myself used Colemak), and you can simply use WARS to move instead of WASD. No headaches involved. At all.Graphics wise, I find it sometimes lags, but only in the starting screen. I have not tried, but I think it can be easily repaired by adjusting some settings. It will not lag in the midst of battle (e.g. typing monsters' words), though, so no worries.I praise the developers who puts so much efforts in this game. They have obviously considered every aspect that a typist would like.Overall experience is excellent. After you complete the story, there is still Arena mode in which you can challenge yourself. Greatly recommended for typing maniacs 10/10."
,Recommended,398850,32234589,Posted: 7 June,all,Levia Draconia,"I really love the art style and the story. The game can be really challenging sometimes, probably too challenging for some people. I am someone, who types extremely fast, so I can imagine that some players might have problems finishing the final battles, but I still recommend this game."
76561198062367983,Recommended,398850,21803447,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SamLah,"It is an absolutely beautiful game, with beautiful storytelling, and a pleasing origami type aestetic. Wonderful game to play if you'd also like to improve your skills in typing properly due to how the game mechanics have it set up. The music itself is also beautiful and pleasing to listen to. While it does have a relaxing feel to it, it is also very challening at times, especially if you cannot type fast enough when the enemies are coming toward you. All in all I currently love this game and think that others should check it out."
76561198039265917,Recommended,398850,21672870,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Green Eyed Vixen,"I was expecting another Mavis Beacon wannabe.This is anything but that.It's an exciting combination for a roleplaying game with typing mixed in. There are moments of intensity where your fingers fly across the keyboard. There are moments where you can sit back and enjoy the stunning graphics as you explore the world.If you're into typing games, but want something different, then this is the game for you."
76561198052367106,Recommended,398850,21231418,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Offhand Coffee,"Oh lordy I love this game.  Beautiful and challenging and just the perfect thing for an old typer like myself!  Really beautiful graphics, just the right amount of puzzle v pattern mastery.  Really a couple of tense ""boss fight"" moments when the fingers were flying and my keyboard batteries were failing!  I've played all the early release content and will be flexing my fingers and doing exercises until the next release!  Love.  Love.  Love."
,Recommended,398850,19207750,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Bunny (Reine),It's a peaceful typing game... And then you get into that circle.. and then all hell breaks loose10/10 cant wait for the updates to come!
,Recommended,398850,18287123,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Raptor,"This game is seriously fun so far.  The story pulls you right in.  After getting the hang of the controls, you wil be going and exploring in no time.Like the game says, it gets more difficult the better you do.  While slightly buggy due to the early access sale, I haven't noticed any major issues while playing.  It seems they took their time with this game, and I'm very impressed.The world is very interesting and I've not seen anything quite like this before.  Beautiful artwork, great story, a girl, some friendly animals.... what more could a game need?"
,Recommended,398850,18822656,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Metomorphose,"This game leaves me wanting more!Only a month after it's early access release and it is already beautiful and well made. Don't let any small glitches catch you up as the unique gameplay and curious story is still just as captivating.In addition, as someone who never really learned to type well, this game has given me good reason to practice. It doesn't hold your hand to teach you how to type, just gives you insentive to learn muscle memory instead of watching the keyboard. Playing for five hours has already made me realize how well I actually do know my way arround a keyboard."
76561198117490294,Recommended,398850,19186924,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,geekcreampuff,Fun Typing game with fantastic graphic
76561198023834879,Recommended,398850,21833551,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Belgianairfriend,"FR - ENGFrançaisJamais d'un jeu d'aussi peu d'ampleur (premier jeu crée par l'équipe pour l'équipe, et non sur commande) je me serais attendu à un tel spectacle car c'est la seule chose à laquelle ce jeu me fait penser,à un magnifique compte de fée de plusieurs heures, dont la fin, alors qu'elle n'est même pas encore écrite m'atriste déjà par sa simple présence.des graphismes simple mais magnifiques, des musiques participant à l'ambiance du jeu, une difficulté qui s'adapte selon le joueur et sa vitesse sur un clavier, que peut-on demander de plus, même à un jeu à gros budget.Si vous cherchez un jeu qui vous permet de poutrer du kevin, passez votre chemin.Si vous chercher un jeu qui jouera sur chacun de vos nerfs, et que vous pourrez faire jouer à tout le monde (aussi bien enfants qu'adultes), n'aller pas plus loin, installez vous, et profitez du spectacle.EnglishNever had i found a game done so well for so small a team.it's not a game with fire and blood, but beware that this game may rewind time to make you the child you were before, seated before the fire heart listening to an old tale.a fairy tale of awesome yet simple graphics, nice ambient music, and correct difficulty for anyone (as it adapts to your typping speed),a good game for everyone, just kick back and enjoy the show."
,Recommended,398850,28942042,Posted: 2 January,all,kimofthedesert,"Two enthuastic thumbs up, fine family fun."
,Recommended,398850,24366729,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,snowkissed,"This game is amazing.  I've always loved typing games, but this has an extra charm to it.  It tells an interesting story, it has beautiful art, and the music is fantastic!  Highly recommend it :)"
76561198069785009,Recommended,398850,26646283,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Beatbreaker,"Awesome game!Game idea and storytelling are brilliant. The art and design is really beautiful and the music is on point. The only slightly negative point imo is the lack of difficulty in the early part of the game, where there are little to no long words, but on the other hand its more about the story and the feeling so who cares."
,Recommended,398850,28191906,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Loadingue,"I had never played any typing game before, so it was kind of a surprise that I liked this game so much. Great soundtrack, atmosphere and gameplay. And it's just the right length too."
76561197979736212,Recommended,398850,29514114,Posted: 26 January,all,TestudoPiscine,"If you like typing games with a twist and a good story with great design and artwork, this game is for you.  Learn the story behind the nameless heroine... and maybe, in the process, reflect a little bit on your own."
,Recommended,398850,30781235,Posted: 27 March,all,vogelstroika,A hidden gem. Best typing game i've ever played
,Recommended,398850,32329515,Posted: 10 June,all,tadashii1004,"Very nice game from our friends from Fishing Cactus. Great job :)Really enjoy it, was challenging without being frustrating and well paced !"
,Recommended,398850,33173381,Posted: 3 July,all,ilyoss,"Beautiful game! I'm a big fan of puzzles and I had been wanting to try something different. Had this on my wishlist for a while and I finally decided to get it on the Steam Summer Sale, and let me tell you I was not disappointed! Beautiful style, a captivating story, hugely entertaining and without a doubt one of my new favorites.10/10 would recommend!"
76561198067305463,Recommended,398850,28076055,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Meera,A wonderful little game that you can play all the way through and then play again and again. It really will make you type faster and better. If you are from England i would recommend getting the MOD that changes it to the UK spelling of things as it will make it so much easier to keep the combo's and defeat enemies in battle.I loved it all the way through and will probably do it again at another time :)
,Recommended,398850,29392263,Posted: 20 January,all,404pants,"Gorgeous graphics, beautiful story, interesting gameplay. My only issue (if you can call it that) is that moving the character around is a bit clunky. Aside from that, I LOVE this game. Played it in one sitting and will more than likely play again. Not a long game, took just a few hours, but definitely worth playing.The achievements are worth a look, especially if you're a literary nerd like I am (I'm a librarian, I can't help it). LOVE the classic literature references.It's much easier to play if you're a fast typer, of course. :)"
,Recommended,398850,30949598,Posted: 4 April,all,Drama Queen,"I was searching for a game like this all my life. And finally I found it. That's lovely. The best typing trainer ever. Most typing programs are boring. But this's awesome. It has lovely graphics and lovely keyboard layout. It teachs you how to type right way. I extremely recommend it. I'll give it to my young brother. So If I have children, I'll give this game and games like this. We should have more same games to learn easily and with enjoy.10 asdfjkl; / 10 asdfjkl;"
76561198076193616,Recommended,398850,33024605,Posted: 29 June,all,inaram,"There's something nostalgic about typing games... but unlike the flash games of old, this one actually has something of a story and exploration. Completed the story in ~6hrs (albiet missing some side achievements). Bought this during annual sale and it was good value."
,Recommended,398850,33477308,Posted: 12 July,all,Sam鼠,"Epistory is an ingenious mixture of modern game design, beautiful artwork, and educational themes.The keyboard-only control scheme is elegant beyond the fact that it's a typing game. While the story mode was very appealing, I more often find myself coming back for quick arena runs, to gauge self-improvement (WPM stat, leaderboards). I'll be treasuring this gem for a long time.9.5 / 10 MASTERPIECE."
,Recommended,398850,22224628,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Meat Vegetable,"This actually great, as a hobby writer this helps my speed greatly and forces me to use words I'm not used to. Also a big help since enlish is not my first language."
76561197969058285,Recommended,398850,22744943,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,[BX] TheArchDragon,"Very Nice! I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The narative is really enthrealling, the environment varied and colorful, the enemies suprisingly challenging. And the story is ... deeper than it looks.I had a great time with Epistory."
76561198047871693,Recommended,398850,29409299,Posted: 21 January,all,Em,"I loved this game from start to finish. It hits beautifully in the right places: the heart, need for challenge, self imrpovement, introspection, and the eyes and ears of course- graphics are gorgeously done papercraft, the sounds are delightful, and the music is just right.I loved everything about this game, which is rare for me.There is replay value if you want to keep improving your typing skills, too :)The friendly Kitsune mount = the best!!!!Challenging but not too challenging. I never got frustrated, nor did I get bored. Right challenge level.Thank you devs for making something worth playing."
76561198216827408,Recommended,398850,29881939,Posted: 12 February,all,ssdcat,"This game...I love games with rich story and exploration, but this one takes the cake! I had gotten it originally for improving my typing skills, which I think that it did to a degree for me (I'm an average typer so that's cool :-D). However, this masterpiece really draws you into the world and submerges you into a beautifully designed place that rewards you for traveling out of your way to look at each and every corner of the world.There is so much I would love to say but would spoil the experience of ones thinking of playing it for their first time. Suffice to say, as you ""type"" your way through this, the word choices of the surroundings and enemies lend themselves to a very organic story progression. Hopefully, long words don't scare you too much, for there are few to type here and there  - found myself yelling at the game once - but the abilities give you a variety of ways to strategize.In a nutshell: just try it. If you like a rich story, exploring maps, or simply like achievements (boy are there ever): try it. The developers made a gem and one that shines with a brilliance and warmth, unlike many games I've played."
76561198028398868,Recommended,398850,30778230,Posted: 27 March,all,FM-86,Found this game chance and bought it cause it was on sale. Didn't regret my decision. This game is surprisingly different and fun. Very well crafted game with a good story.10/10 would type againHint: don't buy this game if you arent able to write fast or you won't have fun playing.
,Recommended,398850,31048976,Posted: 9 April,all,Dr. Beauregard,"Amazing little game with great art, style, and soundtrack!The concept (typing-based combat) has a lot more complexity than you'd expect, especially towards the latter part of the game. While the game's difficulty is adaptive by default, if you're a competent touch typist I recommend just setting it to max.The words aren't chosen at random from a dictionary either - they're linked to the actual things and creatures in the game world, as well as the story in some cases. The entire concept is linked with the story, and just feels really well connected."
76561198069122467,Recommended,398850,32156802,Posted: 3 June,all,ocs,"Fantastic art, fantastic OST, goo gameplay, surpriselly fun & challenging."
,Recommended,398850,35355889,Posted: 30 September,all,Matt,"Killed a monster by typing ""COMPLEMENTARITY"" and another one by typing ""ANTIFUNDAMENTALISM"". I love this game."
,Recommended,398850,24241886,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SeriousBug,"A very nice game that revolves around typing. The main mechanic of the game is typing the words that appear above the enemies, or the various objects around the levels. The game includes some puzzles, as well combat situations that require you to type quickly.The game is very forgiving when it comes to typing, as typos do not cancel what you are currently writing, allowing you to continue despite mistakes. Even on the highest difficulty, I did not have a any problems, even though I'm not a very fast typist. Even if you are not very good at typing, you can absolutely enjoy this game, altough I don't think it would be very helpful at learning to type faster if that is what you are after.Story-wise it was unexpectedly enjoyable. I was surprised to see the story was as deep as it is."
76561198041004827,Recommended,398850,29657861,Posted: 2 February,all,*****fox888pl44,"The game's title already sums it up pretty good:Great epic narration,a beautifull storywith lovely graphicsand quite an interesting gameplay (defeating enemies and solving puzzels by typing words).It is also very inspiring and I just love the typewriter sound effects as well as the other small details like the possibility to navigate the menu by either clicking on or typing the name of each option.The game starts slowly and easy then becomes more and more challenging as larger numbers of ever faster and patially specialized enemies aproach. The fast paced mass attacks in the hives are a great motivation to improve your typing skills. There are also achievements for typing a certain number of words without making mistakes and for typing speed.Some of the harder parts can be a little bit frustrating, but the overall difficulty is ok: I've never learned 10-finger typing and I'm still getting along rather fine in this wonderfull game.It's totally worth the money!"
76561198013001990,Recommended,398850,22234841,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,For those of you who ejoy a good adventure then this is for you!
,Recommended,398850,24197541,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mrudat,"I picked this game up to help me get used to a new keyboard; which seems to be working well so far. The story so far has been fun and engaging, and the gameplay has been enjoyable. I'm hoping that the developer is thinking about making either a sequel or an expansion.On the other hand, while the default dictionary works well for typing with the letters on the keyboard, but it doesn't make use of all of the keys that can be touch typed on a standard keyboard. On a standard QWERTY keyboard, you should be able to touch type all of the puntuation keys as well as all of the digits, tab, backspace, delete, and all of the modifier keys; on a kinesis advantage (my new keyboard), this also includes the cursor keys, page up, page down, home and end.I've noticed that you can supply an alternate dictionary, which should make it possible to extend the word list to include all of the puntuation, but I would be surprised to find that it is feasible to add the navigation and modifier keys, without needing an extension to the engine."
,Recommended,398850,24047724,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,FuzzyLogicLlama,"SummaryBeautifully crafted with interesting gameplay mechanics.The GoodOverall the game feels like a lot of effort went into the design of graphics, narrative and gameplay. The most apparent aspect is that it is visually striking. The paper craft look is beautiful throughout the game and makes exploring the world very satisfying. The levels feel incredibly atmospheric.The gameplay mechanics are something new (at least to me) and fun to use. Any interaction in the game is done by typing only - this optionally includes even the menus. Everything in the world you can interact with is labeled with one or more word. Interaction happens by typing these words. Battles are also done this way: you defeat enemies that are creeping towards you by typing words that appear above / below them. Over the course of the story you gather different types of magic, which affect enemies that you have “hit”. This is surprisingly entertaining and requires some tactics in the late game.The story is told through bits and pieces of narrative that you hear on your journey. There are also collectibles to gather that give further context. The story mode is well told and can be completed in about eight hours, which feels like just the right length for what the game is. For people wanting to play with the game mechanic a bit more there is also an arena mode.The Slightly Less GoodThe issues I had with the game are minor. In the later phases of the game, I encountered instances where I overlooked enemies due to the bright background (enemies have a light tone and words appear in white). Battles can take a few minutes, and if just one enemy gets you at the end, the whole thing has to start over. This did not happen very often for me, but when it does it is slightly annoying.I encountered no bugs in game, as far as I can tell. However, not checking the VSYNC option in the menu resulted in very high framerates (unlimited, I guess) and GPU overheating on my machine.Overall I thoroughly recommend this game."
,Recommended,398850,22171311,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kiitsu,This game. I'm not really sure how to describe just how much i love it. The story is just great. At this point its having small sound issues but i'm sure they'll be fixed very soon so i'm definitely not going to downgrade it on that.Pros-Great story-Almost flawless controls-Beautiful Art-Decent progression if a little bit fast-GREAT music. LOVE IT-The voice actor. Most calming voice ever. This game is super relaxing until you get a monster with pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis over their head in which case its time to have a heartattack.-Seriously i love this game all of the cons are so minor i dont even really care about them. I just am putting them there for referance.-The music. Seriously. The music.-The ending threw me for a loop. No spoilers but not only was i shocked but i was very pleased with it. It wrapped up the game nicely.Cons-For someone like me who types approximately 100 WPM it was pretty easy and a fairly fast game-Sometimes the game will decide to kill off an enemy that had the same word as the enemy i actually wanted to attack. I dont really think that's fixable though so adjust strategy accordingly-I felt like i was gaining experience too fast-Sometimes it would decide i was typing a different word than i was and ding me for a mistake. making it very difficult to get one of the achievements.-I think the rating on WPM may be a bit off. Not only have i taken frequent typing tests but my job required a minimum 80 WPM which i passed with 115 at the time about 2 months ago. This game however says i'm typing 35 WPM. So thats a little off but whatever.-As of right now my sound issues have stopped but i did have an issue with my sound working. If this happens to any one else try moving the volume bars in the options. That's what fixed it for me. They also may have patched it by now though.All in all the cons are so minor that i don't really care about much on them. Its mostly just small things that could easily be patched later and didn't really effect my enjoyment of the game. If i had to score it I'd have to say it was a 4/5 if only just because i wish it was longer and the experience progression was a bit slower. I was max level before i ever entered the last dungeon. That being said i did EVERYTHING on the map before entering it so that may have something to do with it.
76561198035645387,Recommended,398850,23866092,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Space Pirate,"Epistory is a gorgeous game that should be treated as more than a ""typing game"". Adding interesting mechanics to the gameplay makes for a challenging and strategic system that kicks the combat up a notch. The artstyle speaks for itself, and watching the world unravel before you never got dull for me.The story is pretty good. It made me want to keep going to find out more, and exploring felt rewarding as it helped putting the pieces together.The game is not perfect, though. If you happen to get stuck somewhere in the game you do start over where you left off, but many combat sequences are very long, so it can get frustrating having to start the sequences over entirely. The map took ages to load towards the end when I'd discovered so much of the world, sometimes I wondered if the game had froze.However, these gripes are minor in comparison to what it offers. It's a beautiful and challenging game that I'd recommend to almost anyone."
76561198004484756,Recommended,398850,24034682,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rotopenguin,Very interesting take on a Typing Game. Love the way they strategize your typing up with elements.
,Recommended,398850,28776082,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Anewcombe,"This game is more than its typing gimmick and beautiful papercraft art style. It's an evolution on the Zelda-style adventure formula with a cool narrative hook. The fantasy world is tied into the real world via multi-layered narration, all revealed by exploring/gameplay. The encounter design is also much deeper than you'd think by looking at the screenshots. Give it a shot.Note: If you're a poor typist, there are mods to make it dead easy if you like."
,Recommended,398850,21509223,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,cptflaw,"Epistory is a lovely game.Seriously, the atmosphere is really great, the graphics are beautfiul. The game have a good gameplay for sure.At this point i can see a good variety of puzzles. The fights are fun most of the time, but some... yeah a quiet difficult :)So for me this game is a pleasure to play with. Try it guys, you are going to enjoy it."
,Recommended,398850,23495521,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Qts,Beautiful
76561198064110687,Recommended,398850,30697549,Posted: 23 March,all,Starrlynx,"This would be my first typing game on Steam I've ever played. I picked it up because I've been wanting to try this sort of game for a while to see if I could improve my typing ability and, obviously, because it's friggin' gorgeous! Oh and fox mount, yeah! Oh, oh... oh, AND it was on sale! :D So I though, why not?The default setting for this game is set as ""adaptive difficulty,"" I believe, which I hadn't realized until things got unbearable. I was ""blazing"" through Chapter 1. After like, the 2nd to last ""boss battle""-thing, I was dreading the next. Haha, I got slaughtered! ""No, game! I'm not as good as you THINK I am!"" lol (Now playing on a SET difficulty, thank you very much.)SO, yeah, in the ""boss battles"" (cuz I'm not sure what else to call them) enemies start to swarm you left and right, and you have to destroy them before they reach your circle. When they do, it's instadeath. The strategy is pretty simple but it's the execution that determines winning or losing. The longer the battle goes on, the faster they spawn and the harder prioritizing targets become. It starts to get pretty overwhelming, especially when your fingers decide they no longer wish to participate and type words/letters that have nothing to do with any word on the screen!!! *sobs*Another thing I really like, is that this game has introduced several words I have never seen nor heard used before, like ""riebeckite,"" ""speleothem,"" ""goyazite..."" all some sort of cave rock formations and some others that I can't recall because it all happened so quick!! But, I like seeing new words!Hopefully, with my new SET difficulty, I'll be able to actually focus on improving my typing ""skizzels"" while having a blast in this beautiful world. I can't wait to play more when I get the chance. Definitely recommend this game for anyone even remotely interested."
,Recommended,398850,23819201,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,EleGiggle,"Absolutely wonderful game, 10/10.Definitely get while on sale, worth the full price easily.<3 ending was adorable (along with the entire game)"
,Recommended,398850,26974030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iKanayuki,"Epistory is a fun and challenging game that uses a typing combat system, which can also helps you improve your typing skills while leading you through a lovely story in an beautiful origami world."
76561198097738079,Recommended,398850,28850945,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,quietstrides,"I've only played under 2 hours of this game, but I absolutely ADORE it!I used to play old school typing games from the early 90's as a kid, so I found this nostalgic, and yet a very refreshing and engaging take on the genre.PROS:Lovely, soothing narrationGreat adaptation of a less mainstream genre (typing games)Pretty unique artstyleSatisfying to ""level up""I like foxes :pLittle details I appreciate:- When selecting an option at the main menu and such, you can type the letters of what you select.- There are several different ways to control the characters. You can use the recommended EF and IJ, or WASD, or another set of keys.CONS:...can't really think of anything so far?mayyybeeee:I'm still at chapter 1, and there's already a lot of frantic typing. I wonder how challenging it will be later. :)OVERALL:One of my favourite games yet."
,Recommended,398850,29079344,Posted: 6 January,all,wcoastsands,"Love this game. Love the art style. Love the story. Love the way keyboard controls are integrated into the gameplay. Love that the difficutly curve dynamically adjusts to your skill level, but is still challenging. Love that this is in every way a game, as well as a strong skill building tool. Love that the protaganist is female. Love that she is strong and capable, yet still open with herself and expressive. Love the achievements. Love that I couldn't put this down."
76561197984325558,Recommended,398850,20056038,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bearcat,"I just finished the first level, and I have to say that this is one of the most beautiful, visually striking games I've ever seen.  It defaulted to ""Fastest"" for the graphics, which were okay, but when I started it the next time I chose ""Beautiful"" for the graphics setting, and... wow.  It looked like you should be able to reach into the screen and pick up the gorgeous paper plants and animals.  I enjoy typing, so it's a very relaxing game for me.  The story that (literally) unfolds as you play is poignant yet hopeful.  I'm really looking forward to going through ""Chapter 2"" and the upcoming chapters.  Highly recommended as a nice change from frantic, loud, seizure-inducing shooters and the like.  Highly recommended!"
76561198022446269,Recommended,398850,22428645,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,iTsShoes,Fantastic game. Highly recommended!
76561198004420619,Recommended,398850,20442022,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,rociotheokay,"I'm normally not one for reviewing games, but this game included some elements that I loved and, man, do I want more of it.FIrst off, it's a typing game (I don't have nearly enough of those).Secondly, the puzzles start simple and classic, but have already started to get more interesting and complex. I can only imagine what having more abilities and locations will do for them!Most importantly so far, it's incredibly compelling. I just really want to know where the story is going, what the things that I've seen so far mean, and how it all will tie together into one awesome game.Bonus points: it's gorgeous, I get to use fire, and there's the Arena mode.It's still early access and so far only two chapters have been released, however I'm super excited to see where this game is going!"
76561197991606763,Recommended,398850,18363862,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CyborgUnicorn,I've played just over an hour and I can say I haven't had this much fun typing since Typing of the Dead.It really makes you feel like you are playing a story book.
,Recommended,398850,22238546,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Owned369,Watched someone play this game on Twitch. It looked like so much fun and be able to type fast. It is so worth the a buy.
,Recommended,398850,22225943,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,McBunny,Amazing storyAmazing visualAmazing atmosphereAmazing controls/gameplayHoly ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198114126214,Recommended,398850,22271204,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Pipip67,"I was eaten by a bug because I got a handcramp while typing ElectrocardiagramTyping has never been so stressful...Graphics: Really nice (Stylized, not really cartoonish)Sound: ImmersiveGameplay: You play entirely with the keyboard.  Movement is done with the keys, but not the standard WASD movement.  It makes you keep your hands in the typing position.  I've always thought of myself as a decent typer, as I do a lot of written documentation.  But the unusual words that you have to type under pressure really challenge your keyboard skills.  I didn't realize how sloppy some of my typing was until some of the bigger boss battles (I'm looking at you, letter P).It's quickly becoming my favorite current game, which I find surprising.  My one complaint is that I don't see a way to have a second game saved.  I'd love to have someone else in the family play it also."
,Recommended,398850,22265426,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,lummie,"I've been programming computers for the last 32 years and still can't touch type. Maybe this game will inspire me and give me enough practice to finally improve my skill.....Great idea, lovely graphics, let's see how the story evolves..."
76561198047700478,Recommended,398850,32600336,Posted: 20 June,all,Illiria,"I've never played a 'typing' game before, I've always been worried that typing would just slow a game down. Well, that's not the case at all, not with this game anyway. You don't have to be an elite typist to get through this game, I would say that I'm on the lower end of average in terms of typing speed and I never got myself stuck. The game does reward you for being a fast key puncher but you won't feel left out if you're a 'pick and plucker' like me.I have only one glaring problem with the game, the controls. It wants you to control your character using the EFJI keys...DON'T DO THIS. The normal WASD movement keys work fine in this game. I really recommend using WASD for moving around the majority of the time. The only time I used EFJI is when I had to line myself up perfectly to do a puzzle (going across ice and lining up the windmills).The art style is truely a joy to see, beautiful colors, wonderful orgami-like unfolding animations that trigger upon finding a new area. The areas of the game vary widely so there's no worry about seeing the same thing over and over again. The only problem I had is that the cut scene paintings and the paintings you find in the dungeons do not live up to the art style of the game. They feel pretty mediocre after wandering through the main body of the game.Who knew combat through typing could be fast paced? It's not so hard that you can't keep up and just die all the time but it's not so easy that there's no challenge. There are a couple different 'stances' you can be in when in combat and each has it's uses. I didn't feel that one stance was more powerful then the rest and I found myself switching between them often. I never felt forced into using a certain technique to push forward, you could decide to camp one stance or swap between all of them freely, it's completely up to you. I do wish there were more types of enemies, maybe a different set of bugs for each biome? I got tired of facing the same ones throughout the game.The story is somewhat vague until the end, but for me that helped me connect to the game. Instead of playing through a specific person's narrative it felt more like I was facing fears and stresses that everyone can relate to, it becomes a story that you can slot yourself into. For some people, that like linear, well defined narratives, this might be more annoying then enlightening. But if you are willing to let yourself fill in between the lines then you will enjoy this cathartic journey. There is a lot of voice over narration, but it's a good actress and it generally doesn't pop up at annoying times, like when you are in combat.Overall, I highly recommend this game, it was a refreshing experience for me. A must have for people that are interested in seeing the boundaries of story gameplay pushed."
76561198273794319,Recommended,398850,32788002,Posted: 25 June,all,SweetCandi,"It was sooooooooooo good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The graphics are amazingThe typing concept is new and very interestingAnd it was super funI enjoyed it a bunch!!I recommend people try it, it's a fun way to speed up your typing skills as well.But seriously, the graphics for this game is so beautiful."
,Recommended,398850,32894608,Posted: 27 June,all,Jon,"This game is awesome, from cute fluffy animals and nice bright colorful environments to scary monsters in spooky dark dungeons with it's beautiful paper/storybook theme was absolutely enjoyable. Probably the cutest and most fun typing game I have ever played and am definitely recommending this if you are into typing like me. For learners, this would be a very good game as well!"
,Recommended,398850,22617933,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MrTinRobot,"A wonderful and charming world that literally unfolds before you as you progress, and a story so rich and wonderful that it makes you want to search every nook and cranny of the world for more. Epistory gives you the challenge of really fast typing, and you love every moment of it.Well worth full price! :D"
76561198104023596,Recommended,398850,25829332,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Thunderella,"I loved this game! It was beautiful, intriguing, challenging and fun. I'm so impressed! The worlds were so varied. It was a joy to watch the pages unfolding when you unlocked a new area of the map.The game didn't get boring at all, even though all you really do is run around and type words to open stuff and kill stuff. The puzzles are enough to let you ponder, but not make you struggle.The typing battles really got my heart pumping, helped by the great music score. I liked the different powers, and how you had to go through a new world to get it, and that the world had the same theme as the power you were picking up. As in ice world for the ice power etc. I also liked the detail that the words to type for each power were words assosiated with it. For instance all the words to type using the ice power were words such as: snow, winter, glacier, cold, shivering etc. And for fire it was: hot, fireplace, stove, sun, blazing etc.Highly recommended if you like a beautiful game based on story, writing, and books.And of course, you have to like to type! It felt so satisfying killing that big monster that had echocardiogram, photosensitivity, multimillionairs, and cinematograpy as the ""killing words"". Of course, at the same time all those little f*ckers came at me with their short words, ilk, axe, woe, ill, die, hat, mad, bow, tax, fee, foe, cat....... I'm just relieved that I didn't have to write this review on a timer!"
,Recommended,398850,24078442,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Asiris,"Lovely game. I was sold on the art style for this game, but had doubt about the gameplay. It a typing game as the title hints at and I never played such games before. I was pleasantly surprised that this kind of games can be loads of fun!"
,Recommended,398850,22207799,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sir.Edlin,What a GEM! A very nice game! Recommended!
76561198193733433,Recommended,398850,22248704,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Linni,So I'm doing the first boss fight right? The only word bug creatures I had dealt with so far were like 5 letters or less words. So when that boss bug word came out and it was like 15-20 letters long… I cursed. Out loud. Very loudly. I can’t even remember what the word itself was all I remember is panic as the huge thing lumbered towards me in that pit of fiery hell.I never knew typing quickly and correctly could give you so much adrenaline holy♥♥♥♥♥
76561198202782909,Recommended,398850,22309316,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,marbleizzle,SUPER FUN. first game where typeing will not feel like a chore
,Recommended,398850,22521983,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,bluejessica97,"is a very very nice game , worth to play it<3"
,Recommended,398850,22571854,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kissaki,"Cool.Finally a nice typing game.Good focus on story.Has progression, making it harder as you not only have to type more complicated words faster, but also switch modes.The map layout vs diamond tile playarea is confusing. At times its hard/confusing to find where you’re supposed to go.Good game."
,Recommended,398850,22657430,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Geekanomicon,"I went into this game almost blind having stopped a video of an LPer (Jesse Cox) so I wouldn't spoil anything within. I'm a gamer that loves art and story in a game. I have always viewed Video Games as an emerging art form. (Seriously, all games are art. It's just a matter of how far you push the artistic form in one direction or another.) The oragami art style was an immediate draw for me as was the storytelling of the narator (anyone who doesn't catch the Bastion nod should be ashamed.) But what really hooked me was the typing mechanic. I'm a writer and having a game like this, typing the words to push the story forward, is almost like asking me to edit the piece a little, add in my flair. Epistory is one of those games (like Journey, Brothers, Undertale) that I urge everyone to play. It blew me away!"
,Recommended,398850,22755406,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,mp*Raxxius,"Well, it's not exactly what I expected. I purchase this entirely based on a ""typing mechanics for things like combat"" description from a friend and didn't even bother watching any of the gameplay videos.I'm still incredibly happy I picked up the game, and I'm looking forward to finishing it.The art aesthetic definitely fits with the storybook theme. The screen loading/area revealing mechanics have a definite nod to Bastion. It's very visually satisfying.The narrative at times feels a little bit forced. It's been smoothing out as I proceed, though, so either the opening is just a little rough or I've become accustomed to it."
76561198249313870,Recommended,398850,22818182,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,bdscott,"I thought the premise behind this game sounded very interesting and I was not disappointed.  I very much enjoyed it and even when I had technical issue pop up, the team responded and fixed the problem immediately.  I highly recommend this one."
76561198044250843,Recommended,398850,24161349,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ritsu,"Short but sooo fun and sooo cute :D !Such a funny typing game with beautiful graphisms.If u are fast to write and u like this kind of graphism, buy it !I'd like to get some updates to keep playing longer ^^."
,Recommended,398850,26377187,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Luukala,"A short game with gameplay about ~5 hours, if calculating all collectables and ""nest"" destroying. Has unique graphic aesthetic. I recommend this for anyone who's into typing type of gaming. Bought from sales and I got everything I expected to get from that price.+ Arena mode adds more gameplay and fun way to train your typing."
76561198097258089,Recommended,398850,31310543,Posted: 22 April,all,RockLass,Exquisitely beautiful adventure. Stunningly creative gameplay that is more challenging to my typing skills than I'd like to admit. Easily my all-time favourite typing game. Pleaseohplease make a sequel.
76561198051817583,Recommended,398850,31601509,Posted: 7 May,all,Isaaaca,"Great blend of RPG and typing game elements. World is intriguing, and story is compelling. Great that they support other keyboard layouts too cause I use Dvorak instead of querty. Not the best for learning touch typing cause there's no on screen keyboard, but great fun nonetheless."
76561198047220394,Recommended,398850,32231323,Posted: 6 June,all,Nosh,"This is not a typing game.  Ok it is, but it soooo isn't.  I remember trying various typing flash games back in middle school and highschool and they are as similar to this game as pong is to skyrim.This is the best I can explaing this game:  You are playing as a young girl who rides on the back of a fox.  The entire world is built on stories with the landscape looking like origami artwork  and an overarching story developing as you play.  You cast spells to fight monsters by typing out the word or words that they have hovering over them.  While this is a typing ""exercise"" it felt more like casting spells by moving your hands in certain ways than typing.  The story is great, there are four different types of magic that you can use with your typing and you can ramp up the difficulty which will make the monsters have more and longer words associated with them before you can kill them.I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,398850,32354405,Posted: 11 June,all,Meldanor,"A great game, which doesn't follow the same rules as other games. The art and music of the game is just a smooth and enjoyable experience.Do you want to experience something different for a few bucks? Buy and play this game."
,Recommended,398850,32369111,Posted: 12 June,all,rowanleader,"While some of this game is frustrating, like moving across ice or the nests taking a really, really long time to get rid of, overall it's gorgeous, relatively easy to play and can keep you involved for hours at a time."
76561198022514722,Recommended,398850,32437959,Posted: 15 June,all,BaronFalke,Nice.I knew nothing about this game. Just bought it for fun (and because of sale).But man ... this is some nice♥♥♥♥♥♥I never knew there were so many words in our language. ;)The typing was fun and I learned and trained it by just playing this game.I played the german version so I was positivily surprised that there was the ability to switch the keyboardlayout at all ... not every game has this stuff.The story was somehow sad. The visuals absolutely perfect for this game.My rating: Stirnlappenbasilisk/10
76561198398614695,Recommended,398850,33824673,Posted: 26 July,all,octopaused,The art is so beautiful!!!!
76561198069094436,Recommended,398850,22257041,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DarkAngel2128,I ABSOLUTELY love this game. I am one of those who has to look at the keyboard and type and I did not have any difficulty playing the game. The gameplay and storytelling is amazing. I love the origami world and the challenging gameplay. I feel like it is challenging enough but not frustrating. I would definitely recommend this game!
,Recommended,398850,22350768,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Catana,"Great game - beautiful art, great soundtrack, explorative, atmospheric and relaxing."
76561198044026880,Recommended,398850,22361826,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Just some Tits,"I enjoy typing games like ""Typing of the Dead"" or ""TypeRacer"" so this was a must have I thought to myself.To my suprise, I found a beautifully simple game, an interesting narrative, and fun gameplay.If you like typing, or are interested in practicing your skills while trying to get better, this a great game for it.It'll keep you entertained and take breaks from typing to explore the game world as you progress.10/10 game."
,Recommended,398850,22540728,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,sims0n,"Adorable game with great visuals and a great narrator. Can't say much about the story yet, because I'm not through but it starts off really interesting.The movement of the fox (WASD) is sometimes a bit clunky, but ineracting with the world and fighting by typing words feels very rewarding. Finally a reason to polish my typing skills again.The game has adaptive difficulty, so it doesn't matter if you're not the fastest typer."
76561198024952689,Recommended,398850,22575652,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,simon percivall,"Nice game. The gameplay turns slightly repetetive after a while, and the story could have used some ""depth"", but that is compensated by the storytelling and visuals."
,Recommended,398850,23813614,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BillyBobX,"If you like typing games, you will like this.   I wish there were more interesting typing games like this."
,Recommended,398850,24099984,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Axyraandas,"It had a nice soundtrack, nice visuals, and a story that didn't try to take center stage. Adaptive difficulty works well until the last level and some of the bonus nests, where the game fails to register key presses since the attack animations are too slow and the monsters are too fast. If it did register those keys, my WPM would be at 90 instead of 38 and I'd have the flawless diamond achievement, but nooooo... Regardless, it's a must buy at a modest sale, and still worth the money without a sale. Now, if only there was a controller mod for this."
,Recommended,398850,26722542,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,zerkDega,"First typing game i ever play and I am enjoying my time a bunch with it.It's simple to play, the story so far is nice.And you train typing, that is a big plus in a world where we use a lot of computers.Also I find is a great game to test keyboards. xDMy only complain, so far, is if you don't do the thing by the order it's intended int the game you can get stuck."
76561198042542183,Recommended,398850,27551372,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dianaluepke,"This may be my favorite game of all time. The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is innovative, the story is interesting, the game is all-around great fun to play, and it provides legitimate typing practice to boot. I highly recommend it!"
76561197977680283,Recommended,398850,28306981,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Rednak,"I never knew typing could be so much fun...This game really is a hidden gem. It has a great world with a really cool artstyle, some nice dungeons and the combat is really fun. After a while you don't feel like a typist but more like a mage slinging spells.Mes felicitations!"
,Recommended,398850,28527191,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Translucently Opaque,"While a little clunky to handle at times, the game is still fun. It's nice to see what I'm going to call the spiritual successor to Mavis Beacon teaches typing. xDThe story was interesting enough to keep me going, and I appreciated the stylistic artwork. Very pretty.Definitely give this game a try if you enjoy writing, reading, and playing games."
,Recommended,398850,28877382,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jasyla,"Such a charming game! Beautiful papercraft visuals, good voiceover and a nice (though threadbare) story make this game a good way to spend a few hours. The typing mechanics are surprisingly fun - battling insects with words is a novel idea, and there are just enough RPG elements to ensure a sense of progression. There are four different types of typing magic you can use - Fire burns away the next word, Spark does a chain effect, etc. - which keep things interesting."
76561197984892076,Recommended,398850,29485798,Posted: 25 January,all,MHGameWork,"This game is the perfect combination of a typing and puzzle game. The artstyle is amazing, the story is captivating and everything just feels right. Amazing! I just finished it and now I'm sad it's over."
76561198121995257,Recommended,398850,33253925,Posted: 4 July,all,Axelkucingsaurus,"Epistory is definitely one of the most beautifully designed typing games. I started playing quite a while ago and the devs definitely spent their time and effort to push development to the game. It sure is a pleasant surprise to find more content and mechanics(!) after a while of not playing the game. If you are into typing games or if you just got a brand spanking new mechanical keyboard and you wanna try it on something, give this one a shot!"
76561198007897761,Recommended,398850,34674460,Posted: 1 September,all,etheric42,"Satisfying, pretty type-em-up.  Movement controls can get annoying at times and I wish I didn't have to hit shift to restart run mode, but otherwisde fun to explore, with a few tense battles, and all acceptable to play while the little ones are awake and watching."
,Recommended,398850,35253704,Posted: 27 September,all,DJ Loki,This game is Typing of the Dead meets Bastion done very well. I enjoyed every minute of it.
76561198297937640,Recommended,398850,22424500,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,KrellrLyall,"I highly recommend this game to any adventurer out there, however i am experiencing some problems with getting my water ability (which i am sure the makers are aware off and taking care off as soon as possible) minor problems. I absolutely love the graphics and story and I hope more people can appreciate this game as much as me"
76561198301635773,Recommended,398850,24140637,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MEDUSA,"This game to simply put it is brilliant.The art work is simple, intriguing and fits the story and style of the game wonderfully.If you like typing games or want to work on your typing- I recommend this game.The only thing I don't like is the way the controls move the character, however after playing for a little while the controls became much easier to use. It was just a little different to get used to compared to other games with similar controls.All in all this game is wonderful, and is one of the best typing games I've played.The story is neat and unique, and there are numerous little things in the game to keep you intrigued."
76561198123439389,Recommended,398850,27498830,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tiny,"I loved every minute of this game, the ending was more than I ever expected and an amazing game overall."
,Recommended,398850,27553398,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gale_lightfoot,"great story, fun, great typing tool"
,Recommended,398850,27580937,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rainaquarii,Great typing game with a great graphics style.
,Recommended,398850,28946778,Posted: 2 January,all,XennoX,"A refreshing approach to a game.This game combines a unique art style, with a unique combat system. The art style is consistent throughout the game. The combat system sees you typing out words to attack creatures, and to interact with the environment around you.The story is linear, in the regard that you have to go from one area to the next, gradually picking up experience and different elemental spells along the way.A simple RPG-like system is implemented that allows you to speed your character up, increase the power of your spells, and reveal points of interest on the map.In terms of difficulty, there are some encounters that will cause some frustration as you simply are not able to type fast enough or made poor choices with your spells.If you are a ""hunt and peck"" typist, that is you look at your keyboard whilst typing, then you will battle in this game.You need to be able to touch type, whether you use conventional touch typing or your own hybrid system.Overall, I would recommend this game. It is fun, and I thoroughly enjoyed it, despite one encounter which saw me attempt it anywhere between 8 and 16 times, because of the reasons I outlined above.To the developer: please make more."
76561197980363998,Recommended,398850,29452228,Posted: 23 January,all,LOKI,"So close! This is a great game. I taught my 6 yo daughter proper finger position on a QWERTY and two days later bought her this game. She really enjoyed when she first started it. Initially it was you walk around and as you hit obstacles it pauses until you type a word. She just recently got to the next phase which is critters who attacking you move slowly towards you with words above them, and you have to type them to kill the creatures. She is consistently getting the first word, but not the second. At first I noticed the game adapted and the creature slowed down giving her longer to type. But then, it stopped slowing down! Meaning it got slow enough that it decided the creature was not going to move any slower. Why not make it continually adapt all the way down to practically a stop and progressively challenge the player? Looks like this game will have to be on pause for a bit while she plays more simple beginning typer games. Kind of a shame, but it gives her something to work towards. ultimately I would have liked to get it on sale. I purchased it for $15 and feel it is likely more worth around $5-$10. I won't be able to judge for sure until she plays all the way through."
76561197990461121,Recommended,398850,30738288,Posted: 25 March,all,Cover0ps,fun... better at typing after one session!
76561198134526460,Recommended,398850,31368834,Posted: 25 April,all,MightandMagic22,"I have enjoyed evey minute of this game, and I've actually noticed an improvement in my writing skills as a result of the fast paced spelling battles you're thrown into. They have created such a beautiful world, and even when you've finished eveything in an area, it's fun to just look around at the oragami style scenery. This game is certainly a precious jewel, and everyone should experience at least once."
,Recommended,398850,31710180,Posted: 12 May,all,Feathers_Fell,An utterly gorgeous game that will make you hate your keyboard and feel shame at how inadequate your typing skills are.
76561198184556054,Recommended,398850,32210142,Posted: 5 June,all,matteo.carotta,"Immersive and poetic story , relaxing gameplay,  and  graphically detailed."
,Recommended,398850,32335356,Posted: 10 June,all,Seraphoenix,Gorgeous visuals with evocative audio. The story slowly unfolds as you wander her world. Some areas are accessible right away while others require a little work (i.e. unlocking other areas first or upping your word count). Great for the most part for casual typers (there are a few timed trials that you will have to type fast on) and recommended for anyone who can type better than using two-or three fingers woodpeckering all over the keyboard!
,Recommended,398850,32373915,Posted: 12 June,all,Damina,"This game makes me wonder why there aren't many more games like it around. The basic concept is simple - put your geeky skills to use and type fast! But then the game is developed with an engaging story, beautiful graphics, a lovely soundtrack and a few challenges. One of the best games I've bought in some time. I hope they make a sequel."
76561198093340158,Recommended,398850,33078845,Posted: 1 July,all,BunnyReaper,"A wonderful game that brings a very unique perspective to typing games, the story was interesting enough that I wanted to finish it and I would recommend this game to parents any day as it is very kid friendly.I am most definitely looking forward to similar games from this studio in the future :)"
76561198080359156,Recommended,398850,34149123,Posted: 10 August,all,Holo,"Very beautiful, relaxing, and fun game. Worth replaying."
76561198066790574,Recommended,398850,35275355,Posted: 28 September,all,ME,Most use the keys other than WASD have ever had on my keyboard.Looks nice too.Made my fingrs ache.8.5/10
,Recommended,398850,35406132,Posted: 1 October,all,Biodynamic,"This game is AMAZING. Beautiful, melancholy, magical and fun! I was surprisingly scared when I couldn't type ""Crude"" fast enough and died from it D:A LOT of exploration, it's totally possible to finish the game and miss several levels.Also lets you max out everything and then some, which is both good and bad, depending on who you are. I would DEFINITELY reccomend this game, it was beautiful and a surprising amount of fun :D"
,Recommended,398850,27397865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wolfdenoir,Amazing artwork and beautiful animations is what drawn me and kept me playing this game! I never thought a typing game could be as fun as this.
,Recommended,398850,28961546,Posted: 2 January,all,banyan,"Gorgeous looking game with the landscape unfolding like newsprint and the narration literally printed on the landscape. Great gameplay, though I don't know the last time I cursed so much at a game. The game has adaptive difficulty by default, so you'll get on a roll and then get murdered repeaqtedly bythe ""boss monster"" with 30_ letters and be relegated to the kiddie five syllable words as you try to rank up again.  It took me just over six hours with not getting every collectible, which felt about right, and there's an arena mode if you just want to test your skills. I had a lot of fun with this."
,Recommended,398850,30869469,Posted: 31 March,all,Hiperyon,"I would describe this game as ORIGINAL!! The design and art style in the game are amazing. On Insane difficulty it's also challenging. Sometimes indie developers bring fresh NEW and fun games, and we shall thanks them!"
76561198280856547,Recommended,398850,31127014,Posted: 13 April,all,Mivi,"I loved playing this.  The adaptive difficulty occasionally defeated me, but that was fine.  I am fairly certain my typing improves every time I play this.I enjoyed the art, the story, and just about everything else.  The game was certainly worth the purchase price."
,Recommended,398850,31496621,Posted: 1 May,all,Error 1046,"this game was actually pretty neat, did not think i would like a typing game such as this. its a pretty neat story and has me typing words/using letters id normally never use."
76561198007302706,Recommended,398850,35477624,Posted: 4 October,all,athena_harmony,"I'm not very far intoEpistoryyet (obviously), but I just had to leave a rave review from the beginning, based on the graphics and concept alone. This is a beautiful game and the concept of a story-driven typing game--including upgrades and magic--is wonderful. I'm already intrigued to see where the story leads, and I've played less than half an hour. I'll definitely be logging more hours intoEpistorysoon.Also, it's undoubtedly going to improve my touch-typing skills."
76561198110725979,Recommended,398850,32241459,Posted: 7 June,all,Syren,"I am still on the 2nd chapter but man, I am really enjoying this game. It's designs and arts are amazing. Plus, it becomes more difficult and challenging as you go.Highly recommended :) Thank you!"
76561198024957019,Recommended,398850,32373813,Posted: 12 June,all,RainbowRat,"Epistory is a small but yet very amazing, challenging and beautiful game. I never thought I´d be a fan of typing games but this one certainly got me hooked. It takes me a little while to ""warm up"" but once you reach a boss area and enemies come at you wave by wave it gets tense and exciting."
76561197967937252,Recommended,398850,33751180,Posted: 23 July,all,QsR*-entrails_770,Great fun and well recommended
76561198070975842,Recommended,398850,22534256,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Summit5,Graphics are unique as it is origami. Narration really unfolds the story. Nice adventure/puzzle game. Recommended if you can type decently
76561198284181206,Recommended,398850,23322756,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Awesome Dunker,"What an enjoyable experience. There is a nice subtlety to the combat as you have to switch to different elements and pick key targets to succeed. It isn\'t just about typing the words on the screen which is a refreshing change from game like Typing of the Dead. The art style is captivating and the score is very strong. The atmosphere the game creates really draws you in. It took me about eight hours to complete the game and I enjoyed every minute of the experience. The game has a similar feel to Bastion, which is one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,398850,30692172,Posted: 23 March,all,Videogame Player,"If you like using your keyboard, can type at a fairly decent WPM, and enjoy adventure games such as bastion, I'm certain this game will suit you."
76561198098452914,Recommended,398850,30856446,Posted: 31 March,all,Kelu,Really good game.The design is great and the story line is pretty immersive.
76561197972718105,Recommended,398850,30871494,Posted: 1 April,all,pinkGrendel,A fun couch game to play with you and your partner (as long as you don't mind one of you shouting at the other!).
,Recommended,398850,22322647,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,alaynaevenstar,"If Bastion were a typing game it would be something like this. Epistory is set in a gorgeous world, with coherent art style, great storytelling and a fairly well implemented typing mechanic. The puzzles are interesting. They are frustrating at times but it has made it rewarding when you finally figure them out. There have been a few moments where the movement controls have felt a bit challenging, but I have had to use the ""WASD"" controls, not the default ones intended for people more proficient at typing which may be why.Definitely a purchase I am super happy with, and would recommend."
76561197989707460,Recommended,398850,22359184,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,halifax,"Really love the art style and indoor+outdoor area designs.  Exploration and puzzle solving adventure game based on typing, lol, love it.  I also like that the difficulty has not overwhelmed me, because I am not a great typist by any stretch.  Having said that, it's still a fun mechanic, they made the typing-based combat fun in this game."
76561197993436635,Recommended,398850,22519050,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Geminye,"Wow... surprsingly entertaining.  Such a great game.  If you like typing, want to improve your typing while you play an RPG of sorts, with an engrossing story, stylistic/artistic graphics and pleasantly entertaining music score you will enjoy this game.  It is worth the money - really well done game.   Oh, and I leave this positive review after only playing for 5 minutes..."
76561197972140245,Recommended,398850,26905181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fozza,Fun little typing game
76561198032353062,Recommended,398850,35362087,Posted: 30 September,all,Bob Hale,"I've never experienced a game that encompasses beautiful music and scenery, and unique gameplay as you unveil the story quite like Epistory - Typing Chronicles. I didn't know what to expect when purchasing this, now that I have it is a game that cannot be forgotten 9/10. A must buy!"
76561198044563075,Recommended,398850,27821000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Saver Denpai,"Great atmosphere, great gameplay, great idea behind the game. Sometimes a little hard but still fair. 9/10, would recommend!"
76561198011362201,Recommended,398850,33445722,Posted: 10 July,all,johnnygamec,"It is an awesome game. Great graphics, and excellent for typing. It is one of the best experiences I had with a game, and I really appreciate that is available on Linux."
,Recommended,398850,22248463,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,waycooler,"so far, it's like mavis beacon teaches typing, if she taught with a pop-up storybook."
,Recommended,398850,22260572,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Demaria,"Wow, just wow! Five minutes into the game and it was instant love! The art style is so beautiful and the story is engaging. I love the sound during battles. It really gets my adrenaline up! I haven't played a typing game since I was in elementary school playing Mario Teaches Typing. This game is gorgeous, addictive and so much more fun than I expected. I hope the developers will make more typing games."
,Recommended,398850,22503291,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Lionarith,Beautiful piece of digital interactive art. The idea is freah (at leat for me) and everything is masterfully executed.
76561198025774200,Recommended,398850,22610210,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,sorryskies,"Beautiful game, with an amazing art style. Loved every moment. Beautiful sound design and plot as well. Some UI options would have been nice to have, but nonetheless heartily recommended."
76561198044866388,Recommended,398850,22616550,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Blue Abyss,A very beautiful game that does a great job making typing fun. I can honestly say I type faster now and with less mistakes. :)
,Recommended,398850,22641541,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sweetie Tea,It's SOOOOO GOOD.I want another one now :(
,Recommended,398850,23735732,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The1Kast,One of the more beautiful games I have played in a long time.  This title is definintely worth picking up for the unique gameplay mechanics and fantastic artwork.
76561198039865139,Recommended,398850,27498068,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frank Horrigan,"A solid 9/10: A truly uplifting and compelling narative story. Epistory conveys a mysterious and compelling plot with a beautiful game, this is what most indie arts games strive to be. A fun and fast paced core typing mechanic makes for a fun way to practice your typing skills while posing a compelling challenge. The one nit pick I noticed was how strong fire and spark powers were compared to the other elements which left the others a bit unused save for the nessecary cases. Suitable for everyone and I would heartily recommend it to anyone."
76561198034276100,Recommended,398850,28390840,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Chibi_Shima,"An amazing game, ive so far havnt finished it and only scratched the surface. It's a wonderfully beautiful game that requires a bit of typing (depending on how fast you type) i fully recommend this to anyone who want to help their typing/ or just fall inlove with the nice story and pretty scene :3"
,Recommended,398850,28514226,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Vertigo Chuck,It would be selling Epistory short if I just said it was an action-oriented version of Mavis Beacon because of the thoughtfulness that the narrative puts into turning the story into a compelling adventure. With elements of dungeon crawling and the origami aesthetic make this one of the best games I've played all year.
,Recommended,398850,28747831,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Vashra,"This game is amazing, the artwork and design are brilliant and the gameplay is a lot of fun. I must admit I didnt stick to the original moving about keys for very long (even though yes, they are better for touch typing.) I found it much easier to use the arrow keys then quickly jump to touch typing.I have never had so much fun trying to quickly type words like 'Heterogenesis' or 'Metamorphic'.9.5/10 would type again. :)"
,Recommended,398850,32382955,Posted: 13 June,all,Gener,"What a fun little gem this is. As of yet I'm not too far into the game, but already I'm enjoying it a bunch. The art is beautiful, and the atmosphere is very relaxing. As someone who types a lot the game is not too challening, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Overall a great experience and a good purchase."
,Recommended,398850,24152986,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,nts,good game
76561197982589138,Recommended,398850,28841825,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Iniera,"Really awesome, beautiful typing game!  It seems to have a dynamic difficulty system so however fast you type itll find a good challenge for you.  Seems to work, I'm a very fast typer and still lost to some of the harder nests!  The elemental attack system also provides some strategy to it.  If you're good at the game be careful, I actually got enough points to unlock Chapter 4 before I completed Chapter 3 and it was pretty confusing haha.  I didn't have the element for Ch. 4 so I had to backtrack and find the dungeon for Ch. 3.   Even with this delay, be aware the story only took me 5-6 hours and I completed all nests and gathered all fragments."
,Recommended,398850,29078356,Posted: 6 January,all,Kitsune,"Great game, relaxing, beautiful artstyle, I enjoyed it very much"
,Recommended,398850,35255293,Posted: 27 September,all,GatheringWings,A fun and enjoyable typing game.
76561198029321256,Recommended,398850,29101023,Posted: 7 January,all,mexalen,"I haven't finished the game yet, but I just need to tell you guys, that I love the artwork. I bought the game, because I liked the screenshots and the idea of an 'unfolding' story. ...but boy, the style and colors just blow me away. Everthing is so sharp and vibrant.Discovering new areas is a treat.I also like the game so far. It got the classic feel of a good night-story, with this kindly voice over and it's handwritten notes. Typing monsters away is quite fun, discovering the magic-languages, growing stuff, the puzzles. All done real nicely.I am really glad, that the discovery queue showed me this game."
76561197974014424,Recommended,398850,24160432,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,JellonaII,Really nice little typing game!I loved it.
,Recommended,398850,31243670,Posted: 19 April,all,The Master of Fluff,"Challenging and a lot of fun, Epistory is a game that contains both a typing element and a fantasy storyline. The artwork is beautiful and the story's quite interesting."
,Recommended,398850,18917280,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ruka,"This feels more like an investment for the future, not that this is a bad thing.Conidering this game was released onto early access at the end of September, its understandable that there's only about an hours worth of gameplay at the moment. But Epistory does an excellent job of hooking you into its world during this small time. Unlike the well known house of the dead's take on 'typing involved gameplay', this is a very realaxing wonder through the forest, trying to find your bearings, that is until an all mannor of creepy crawlies start coming for you. As this is the beginning of the game, nothing's particularly difficult if you're use to typing on a keyboard. Leveling up your character feels balanced and encourages you to look for exp chests throughout the world. The use of elements and puzzles are well thought through and I'm looking foward to seeing the water mechanic implemented.Just want to mention walking through the game, the main characters writing (that pops up but doesn't stay) I would often miss due to small design/colour or my character would be walking over them when they activated! Also I think for expansion a difficulty option would work well, with easy reducing the speed of enemies and hard restarting the word if you typed it in wrong."
,Recommended,398850,23461769,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,buy me an acc for boost BITTT,"""Epistory - Typing Chronicles"" This is a game of typing, based off an RPG Adventure game. This can improve many skills... Such as Muscle Memory, Typing Skills, and increase in WPM. This game relies of typing speed or accuracy to kill monsters and explore"
,Recommended,398850,34905128,Posted: 12 September,all,BunnyVoid,"Enjoyed it very much.The mechanics is unique and interesting. Very good game to practice touch typing with, esp if you have a new keyboard. Much much better than typical typing games.Lovely graphics. Decent story. Only complaint is the resolution and graphics settings doesnt natively support 1920 by 1080, and full screen mode."
76561198024757230,Recommended,398850,22264791,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ODevil,"I like it, it's fun and the story is good."
76561198163295411,Recommended,398850,30826915,Posted: 29 March,all,Psycho,"Simply put, i make my wife to sleep alone (something she hates) to keep typing and discover the story; didn't get dissapointed.Now if you excuse me, i need to start typing an apology."
,Recommended,398850,22457674,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Cookies,"What a beautiful idea and marvelous execution. Relaxing, engaging story, music and voice acting are spot-on. <3 the art style."
,Recommended,398850,31970716,Posted: 26 May,all,Hallow,Loads of fun and a neat story.
76561198166844998,Recommended,398850,23896868,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Manue_Pebble,"Nice game !Very enjoyable, quite addictive. Nice Gameplay, graphics... enjoyed it !"
76561198067067257,Recommended,398850,23944558,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,pugglemiester,"Super charming, I love the ingame environment and soundtrack. Adaptive difficulty makes it more intense."
76561198010537441,Recommended,398850,22440466,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ORPH4NUS,"Really happy to see that people are still making great typing games, hadn't found a fun one to enjoy since the ""The Typing of the Dead"". The graphics are great, and the strory-telling is appealing. The difficulty seems great, although I might want to be challenged a little more, the level doesn't seem to go up to quickly, but I suppose these things aren't that easy to make automated anyhow.Overall this game is really well polished and I'm very happy with my purchage. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good typing game on the main desktop platforms."
76561198050536038,Recommended,398850,34648327,Posted: 31 August,all,willaimshakesbeer,This game should be a schoolmodel. It trains you typing with ten fingers and it is fun; at least I enjoyed playing it.
76561198013489529,Recommended,398850,23745194,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Void_Incarnate,"Lyrical. Poetic. Confabulatory. Dolomite?Epistory is a story about words, told in words, controlled by words, and interacted with words.You control a girl mounted on a giant, three-tailed fox, and a female voice narrates your progress while words appear ont he ground marking your passage. You interact with the world mainly by typing in keywords that appear on the screen, effects can range from filling in blank spaces of the world with trees and flowers, unlocking chests and passages, and fighting off hostile creatures that attack you.Epistory is a story about words. And words are magic.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,398850,23886896,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,InsaneFruit,"I think that it's a very well-crafted game. Beautiful graphics, relaxing music and engaging gameplay. ^^ It's a very refreshing game and different from most of the games I played. I was in awe when I first opened the game - the animation, the sounds, the colors.. wow. Gorgeous."
,Recommended,398850,32232684,Posted: 6 June,all,Petacraft,I highly recommend this game. It's a lot of fun. The narrative and soundtracks are incredibly soothing. Which emphasize the storytelling pretty well.
,Recommended,398850,35215190,Posted: 25 September,all,peakingduk,Beautiful and cute.Easy to run and fun to playthe only downsides i have about this game is that it's pretty hard.
,Recommended,398850,31067732,Posted: 10 April,all,cluecas,This was my first typing game and i really enjoyed it.  The visuals and story are beautiful.  I look forward to seeing what this developer comes out with in the future.
,Recommended,398850,20929045,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Glenheartless,"At the moment the game is very great for me, enjoy the aesthetic a lot, the music is very good and gameplay is a lot of fun. The game throws enemies at you that might look the same but are very different. At first it might look easy but things can get very hectic and that's when the fun starts! And the suffering! :D there also some puzzles thrown in which aren't that hard but they spice things up a bit. A fun and enjoyable experience.I only have one issue at the moment directly linked to gameplay is that During hectic moments is that people who aren't really great blind typers might have to look down at their keyboard a lot which makes things lot harder.Please note that this game is still in early acces so these things might change and get fixed/balanced/added at some time in the future. I recommend looking at the devs blogs/news and see what they have already done and are planning to add before purchasing. Best would be keep an eye on this game until release. But do not foget it!"
,Recommended,398850,22369986,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Joga,"Epistory is a simple action/adventure game where you type words to attack enemies. Which is AWESOME. I am very much a fan of typing games, having put many hours into games like Typing of the Dead (the original Dreamcast version and TotD: Overkill on Steam) or the online competitive typing game TypeRacer; Epistory is one of the best in the genre.Besides just attacking enemies by typing the words above them, you also collect four elemental powers through the game that you switch between by just literally typing out the word - ""fire"" ""ice"" ""spark"" or ""wind"". Each elemental power has different effects on enemies (freezing them, blowing them back, etc.) and some enemies can only be defeated by certain elements, so you sometimes have to switch quickly. It adds a really nice extra layer of strategy and multitasking to an already fun concept.The game scales up fairly well with typing speed - there are 3 difficulty levels (I played on the hardest difficulty). For normal typing I average around 120 WPM, and while it was never particularly difficult to beat the levels, it was challenging enough to be fun. There's not really any penalty for typos, it just discards them rather than making you backspace.One of the most fun modes (especially if you're a fast touch typist) is the endless ""Arena"" mode where you try to get a high score with progressively harder enemies. It eventually gets to the point where your hands are flying over the keys in a frantic attempt to keep the enemy hordes at bay, and it definitely gets exciting. This mode even includes online leaderboards, which is a nice touch.If you enjoy typing games, or you're trying to improve your touch typing skills, learn a new keyboard layout, or you just want something to test out your shiny new clickity clacky mechanical keyboard on, this game scratches an itch that few other games do. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,398850,22148899,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Finraziel,"This game has a Dark Tower achievement... O_OBUY IT NOWWWW!!!!Seriously, it's a really fun game. As long as you don't hate typing, you'll probably love this game :)"
,Recommended,398850,23462386,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Soon It Will Be Cheese,Enjoyed the game. Would prefer translations and translated audio.
,Recommended,398850,22527216,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,my dad beats me by dr. dre <3,You've done it in middle school. You've done it in high school. Now prepare to type like you've never typed before in this brand new epic typing adventure. It will blow your mind. It is absolutely beautiful :')I cri 10/10
,Recommended,398850,32765540,Posted: 25 June,all,Berrytale,amaze
,Recommended,398850,23643591,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Quazniak,"I typed♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥happened also theres a cute fox you ride, 10/10 would type again."
,Recommended,398850,23919970,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jareth,"This is definitely one of the most beautiful and inventive games I've ever played. If you're not deterred by the fact it's a type of typing game (but so much more!), I totally recommend checking this out."
,Recommended,398850,22214822,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mohaihai,"I played, I typed, I died... Alot11/10Would die again."
,Recommended,398850,20224817,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Killian,"Honestly, my biggest interest was the fox when I first heard of this because.. Well, fox.Once I started playing, I found myself fairly pleased with this game, even though I haven't played long due to my lack of quick typing skills (which I semi hope will improve the more I play this).As a writer whom is often blocked by the lack of flow of insperation, I am highly interested in this story and am eagerly looking forward in seeing how it all unfolds (pun intended).Overall, a highly interesting story, lovely art style, and there's a giant flippin' fox. I highly reccomend this."
76561197983473877,Recommended,398850,18270938,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MoWoM,"Beautiful and very fun game so far... I find that for a robot, I suck at typing..."
,Recommended,398850,24753522,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ya3ani,"Unique and addicting game. The controls are intuitive and simple. As an extra, after you've finished the world play, ""Arenas"" let you test your skill against the leaderboards, which lends a new competitive (and humbling) aspect to Epistory.I will say that regardless of the title's name, the story itself is the weakest part of the package, so if you're looking for an RPG-style game I would think twice before buying this. Otherwise, though, I can recommend this to almost anyone."
76561198000670607,Recommended,398850,32285779,Posted: 9 June,all,deatheven13,There's a free demo for this game.Get it and play it right the hell now.The most delightful game I've played in a while and definitely one of the more fun typing simulators I've played.
,Recommended,398850,32287356,Posted: 9 June,all,gorba,Yes. It's worth a buy.
,Recommended,398850,33740313,Posted: 23 July,all,The Wanderer,"Unique game with typing at its core. Can get boring and repetitive after awhile, but definitely still kudos for its uniqueness. The art direction is also very creative and the world is completely made of 'paper' and players will feel very close to words and books when playing the game - which is what the theme is all about anyways."
76561198005575014,Recommended,398850,35211262,Posted: 25 September,all,emeric,An enchanted stroll in a truly captivating world and its truly ingenious magic/combat system. You can type? All the better!
,Recommended,398850,21831154,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,c0d3rguy,"This is an amazing games in all respects.P.S: Trust me, I am the kind of a guy who likes chainsaws and cacodemons, but still enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,398850,22173517,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DeGiggles,Love the art design! There are some pretty tough battles but definately way better than Typing of the Dead... after all this actually has a story. :D
,Recommended,398850,23759352,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Playswithswords,A beautiful game with an intriguing story that keeps me pulled in. The design is gorgeous and I love trying to explore every nook and cranny of the world. I am always anxious to open up the next parts of the world. Plus it's really helpful to improve your typing skills!
76561197970381432,Recommended,398850,25014150,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Aspic,"A very unique and enjoyable game.  The gameplay mechanic is good, the challenge is just about write for me - difficult enough to make you concentrate, easy enough so that you are always progressing."
,Recommended,398850,25298635,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cego em Tiroteio,"Amazing! One of the best games around even being such a niche game.Even the way you start moving with EFJI was such a clever way to place your fingers and hand on the better position. It was so natural. This is not a gimmicky game like Typing of The Dead, this is actually fun, helpful for a real world skill and the pace felt just right. Great other mechanics like burning words to cater to different skill levels. It even have lots of different languages (but the accents will make it a bit harder).Seriously: you have to try it! If anything, it'll help with your micro :P"
76561198165778106,Recommended,398850,28451466,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kangtaw,"This is a wonderful game. But, I wouldn't suggest to play this if you cannot type with 10 fingers well. As for me, I really love this game."
,Recommended,398850,34521370,Posted: 26 August,all,Neka_Chan,"I was very happy to be a girl riding a fox in an origami world, endlessly tapping away at my keyboard =^_^=the dungeons were beautifully setup, each dealing with a memory that at first plagues the narrator; but as you progress, she unravels her issues & she affirms her strength. It creates a wonderfully positive message :)I appreciated the writing on the ground, which helped with retracing steps.I wouldn't depend on the Map too much, it's not too helpful with navigation (just for general area of chests & bug nests).The achievements based on skill are pretty hard to get!I want more typing games like this!! definitely replaying to satisfy my need to clack on the keyboard :P"
76561198064741023,Recommended,398850,22173613,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,sam.aungle,Unexpectedly good!
,Recommended,398850,28686625,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr Hatty,"Nice game, not only to learn to type but also to improve your skills. Different keyboard layouts are available!"
,Recommended,398850,32224839,Posted: 6 June,all,rikyperdana,I'll sleep tonight with my keyboard. Love this game
76561198167248758,Recommended,398850,24627174,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SuJuSkyrim,"So far I'm only about 3 hours into game, but what a 3 hours they have been.The story line is awesome, it seriously feels like you are in a book being written, and what is written is dicated by what you do. The visuals are stunning and unique. Great voice acting. The controls are a bit tricky and take some getting used to, but other than that I have no complaints.Seriously, take a chance and play this game. Its well worth the money spent!"
,Recommended,398850,35441577,Posted: 3 October,all,Ⓢⓘⓡ Ⓨⓞ,"less than 2 hours of play and you can refunddevelopment team : lets make the story 4 hours long.you tricky Βastard, but its the best typing game ive played so far so .."
76561197984761823,Recommended,398850,31772523,Posted: 15 May,all,FeanorsCurse,One of the best typing games.
,Recommended,398850,25327604,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,zorgan,"Bought the game because it was a typing game and had some very alternative visual effects.But was positively surprised for the fact that it was hiding a simple, yet heartning, story and how addicting this game has become to me.The included upgrade system constantly adds something new to how the game is played and the achievements add some extra objectives outside the history of the game."
,Recommended,398850,35217166,Posted: 26 September,all,HOWLING 嵐++ 【頭が高いぞ】,Typing Maniac meets Legend of Zelda in this game.Graphics are fantastic.Gameplay is great and combat very refreshing for an RPG.Music is also very very good.Could use a more engaging story though.OVERALL: 8.5/10
76561198052390294,Recommended,398850,35294952,Posted: 29 September,all,AyanZo,"This was an interesting take on 'typing' as a control mechanic, and is done well. The art style is cute, and expressive; evocative of a dreamscape. The story however is meandering and a bit chiche as it takes awhile for it to make sense, I found myself cringing at times at some of the 'expressive' audio; it really takes a back seat to the exploration and brilliant artwork/animations as the world comes to life.Regarding how it works on Linux, it works well on linux mint Rebecca.. but it tends to favor my left most monitor despite what it's set to."
,Recommended,398850,31807649,Posted: 17 May,all,Tinkerie,velli gudd
,Recommended,398850,22056961,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,nekomiao,"Was really amazingly fun to play for a typing based game. The storyline was interesting, there was a lot to explore and it didn't get overwhelming in any way. Still managed to keep up the intensity."
76561197965342372,Not Recommended,398850,22220539,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Xabian,"This game really NEEDS an option to save multiple game profiles!  It also does not have an option to lower the difficulty setting... I am just learning to type and get killed repeatedly on the first wave of enemies.  I would love to have a health bar that allowed me to take multiple hits and then slowly regenerate health.For those that are wondering, this game does not provide instruction for typing, it just gives you an opportunity to practice it.Other than that, the game is beautiful!  I love the story and how it is narrated as you explore (similar to Bastian).  It would be so much fun to play if I could just live long enough.... Maybe if they had a keyboard overlay that you could toggle (for new typers like me)... some type of love for lower skill-level players."
,Recommended,398850,22154553,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,[♫] ZnC,"Best typing game I ever played. 9.5/10 (based on Gameplay, Story, and Art)"
76561198026501965,Recommended,398850,24034850,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wongkouicheung,Greart game
76561198019206385,Not Recommended,398850,33420686,Posted: 9 July,all,Veleion,"What started as a an interesting playstyle quickly got very monotone. Typing words to attack, typing words to do this action, a puzzle here and there. It is a nice game if what you want to do is learn how to type faster. Not one I would recommend to immerse yourself in a world, nor a game full of action and customization. The customization is far from deep.All in all, a great game for children or people who want to learn how to type faster while not dying of boredom. If you're not either of those, I'd say it's not for you."
,Recommended,398850,23993206,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Stinolez,"This game caught my eye by its unique estetic and game mechanics after seing video made by Jesse Cox. I cannot say much not to spoil the story, but I really like it.Even though I though I can write in quite good speed, this game prooved me wrong in few battles and I had to repeat them, but eventually with a good strategy and maybe little bit of luck I was able to clear even the tough one (at least for me).I would recommend the game for everybody, who enjoy nice story, or who simply wants to learn write quicker in more fun way, than by following boring writing software."
,Recommended,398850,22195315,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,EvilMath,"I knew my highschool keyboarding class would be useful someday.So the actual review: It's an adventure game that happens to be a typing game. A few minor technical issues, but way less than most indie games and nothing game breaking. I sincerely recommend this and I'll probably play it several times.My only real problem is that it doesn't actually teach you how to type faster, you just have to in order to beat it. So if you don't know how to type correctly before playing, you'll have to figure it out by yourself or just go on easy mode and bear through it."
76561198088103020,Recommended,398850,18503184,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,JunMeowMing,You don't even need a mouse to play this game
76561198090248500,Recommended,398850,26021426,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ciel Ru,Soothing typing RPG. I really enjoyed all of the puzzles and the narration.
,Recommended,398850,22170577,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,OwnageBanana,"although I have only played a small amount of this game so far, I am very impressed with the amount of polish on this game that is always wonderful to see. This isn't just a shallow typing game which I am super glad about. there are different stratigies that you can employ when dealing with enemies and planning that is invoved in one of the events where you fend off enemies. The story is immediately gripping and interesting and the narration is wonderful, comparable to bastion.I'm incredibly impressed and and looking forward to more titles by this developer"
76561198025853432,Recommended,398850,20690408,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,vash3055,great game not for the slow of typing.
,Not Recommended,398850,33937747,Posted: 31 July,all,DragonFax,Beautiful game. But its broken on the Mac. and thed developers don't respond at all. They've just dropped it on the floor. In the discussions you can see Windows users having lots of issues as well. Avoid unless the developers come back from the dead. Even at a sale price.
76561197961217670,Recommended,398850,34301739,Posted: 17 August,all,Dream,great game
76561197993793926,Not Recommended,398850,25524035,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,mitchlb452,"At first I LOVED this game. The writing is really good, and the gameplay is great too. I didn't see where it could go wrong! But the story is bogus. The whole thing is just like ""she knew the darkness would come... but she faced it and everything is mellow now."" The story did not progress, made little sense and then, in the end we find out... I'm not going to say it, but the whole entire thread that ties everything together can be said in four words.Look, if you get it for cheap, it's a quick, fun game. You'll beat it in 5-7 hours no doubt. Just don't raise your expectations when you hear your first beautifully flowing sentence. This game does not deliver."
,Recommended,398850,33403295,Posted: 9 July,all,Lolling_Chris,Buy it.It's not for you.It's for your keyboard.
45454545454545454,Recommended,398850,32880697,Posted: 27 June,all,🎭MoonEggBell🎭,Nice game
,Not Recommended,398850,28855164,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Invader Skoodge,"Fun in some ways, but there are enough flaws here that it's really not worth your time.I was not able to pay any attention to the story during frantic typing sections, so I can't comment on the story much. It seems throwaway, though, trying to be thoughtful and provokative but really just lots of empty words to fill the space and show a specific kind of style.The world map layout is confusing and it took me a lot of backtracking and random wandering around to be able to figure out where to go. I stumbled onto chapter 4 before chapter 3, because that's actually possible, but I couldn't progress because I hadn't unlocked the right type of magic.When adaptive difficulty is on, the game actually gets to be too hard too fast. No amount of strategy is going to save you from the absolutely overwhelming swarm of words you have to type if you're a good typist to begin with. I had to turn adaptive difficulty off to stand a chance, at which point the game was still frantic enough to be fun......until I got to the wind dungeon. There's a section here where it zooms out (so everything is small), and there are both birds and wasps (the birds are harmless, the wasps aren't, and they're small enough that you can't really tell them apart), and the wasps only have 1 letter to type each (making them difficult to spot sometimes), and the background is really bright (making it hard to tell the letters apart from the background). What a completely awful encounter design. It's like it's hand-crafted to frustrate, and after quite a bit of interesting and thoughtful encounter design it was just a complete experience-killing 180.Don't waste your time. If you're just in it for some fast typing practice, there are plenty of free websites out there."
,Not Recommended,398850,25453475,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Myridium,"The adaptive typing difficulty seems to be spot on. I always find myself just barely surviving the hardest rounds.The typing is interspersed with story (in the form of extremely vague, metaphorical narration) and overworld movement. Unfortunately, the movement controls feel rather sloppy, and one can only keep an open mind to the artsy narration for so long. I think I'm a bit less than half way through the game, and I find myself resenting the pauses between intense typing sessions due to this.And so I cannot recommend this game, as at this point it has become more of a chore to get from one typing session to the next."
76561198026230613,Not Recommended,398850,22668170,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Chickenwhite,"Story is bloated and the writing empurpled, nothing is ever explained and the ending is a complete cop-out. Do not buy this game for the plot.This game also lags on my professional gaming-laptop, meaning it's poorly optimized.Aesthetically, it is pleasing, but the overworld map is jumbled and confusing and lends the player to get much too easily lost.The gameplay itself is amusing and good for killing time, but you can just as easily do that for free on certain pages on the internet."
76561198310681513,Not Recommended,398850,24265836,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nicolas,Gets old fast. Nice visuals.
76561198001258566,Not Recommended,398850,23096515,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,sysedit,"So in order to run the game on Linux if you don't have us locale set as your default you have to add LC_ALL=en_US.UTF-8 %command% to the launch options. Without this setting the game will not run. This is sloppy and almost made me return the game immediately. Glad I found this trick in a forum.I will add more to the review once I have played a bit more.Update: The ice sections combined with the control scheme that can't be properly customized on neo 2 prevent me from recommending this game.Update: Sometimes the game starts, sometimes it does not."
76561198079711949,Not Recommended,398850,18422708,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ryder5172,"Truly was anticipating this early release, I can't knock this game for it's graphics I really like the anime theme, but the actual game play is senseless. I bought this game hoping for an interactive typing game like the previews showed, what I get is a game where I'm walking around with unchangable non user freindly controls destroying barriers, killing snakes and maggots maybe typing a word or two a minute  only for the game to not save my progress or to even be able to access a correctly functioning menu. I'm not necessarly picky and I can live with glitches, I know this game is only early release but I truly  feel like I wasted my money buying this game, I have played free games that were better than this! I'm not sure what the other reviewers were playing but I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198049022676,Not Recommended,398850,32232887,Posted: 6 June,all,9Gag is Marxist [muted],Beat in 3.2 hours btw.Clunky MovementBoring DungeonsNot really the best graphicsStory irrelevantMonsters hard to seeDon't buy.
76561198046420345,Not Recommended,398850,22212446,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DramaQueen,"Pretty game, almost interesting.The windy noise that plays after you break destructables or kill something gets really old the 100th time you hear it.  If it was changed to something less grating I'd consider playing it again."
76561198041997126,Recommended,398850,22128072,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Crow,One of the greatest games i have played in quite a while. Love it so much and can't wait for the full game to be released.
,Recommended,398850,22190315,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Tuberosum Imperator,"Generally fun Action-RPG style with a novel typing combat dynamic.Don't expect it to teach you to touch type though as there is no punishment for errors and no bonuses for accuracy. The words are also just random and not sentences so you could just mash the keys in the right area to success. It also repeats the same words a lot.It has some kind of obscure analogous story about life or sickness or love or growing up or something but I didn't find it engaging. The animation is crisp and well done but felt repetitive and overused by the end.Fairly short at about 4 hours worth of gameplay and not very challenging if you're reasonably proficient at typing. I died only twice for a whole play-though and never really felt threatened or under pressure.  It has some simple puzzles and some minimal ""questing"" but it's mostly a hack and slash but with a typing combat dynamic.Feel is pretty polished with only a few minor bugs but the lack of some basic features like movement-key remapping makes it still feel a bit beta-ish.I'd like to see some pvp content or some RPG aspects like items or stats; larger/harder/longer battles/enemies would also be a welcome addition."
76561198129531547,Recommended,398850,22190742,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DidYouDropThisGoldRathian,"Very unique gameplay. Touching music and narrative. Didn't really get the story, though."
76561198262160057,Recommended,398850,22191227,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,destinysWalrus,"I find this game fascinating. There are many things that drew me to it in the first place - the ""origami world"" phrase in the description, the entire idea of being the muse for a story, the typing. I tend to surprise people with my typing speed (and I generally don't lose much accuracy when typing fast), so a game where using typing controls when and what you attack seemed perfect.I love the graphics, the voiceover, the story. The game is about the right combination of challenging and fascinating that even when I die repeatedly, I keep trying several times more. Most of what I have trouble with is steering, though that may be my own fault since I steer with WASD instead of what the game suggested. Even so, I'm still enjoying the game and as far as I can tell, I have a lot left to see.To me, this is the most oddly compelling game I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,398850,25747702,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,cweagans,"This game was excellent! A bit short, perhaps, but maybe a game like this doesn't need to be as long.I'd really love to see a typing tutor mode in this game. It'd beat Mavis Beacon hands down, especially if I could use it to finally learn and switch over to Dvorak."
76561198089241315,Recommended,398850,25808041,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,WickdFirestarter,Well crafted. Helped my kids learn to type and type faster. The Arena challenges are fun too!
76561198158112925,Recommended,398850,25950470,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,bpeeluk,I bought this game because I’m learning BÉPO and I wanted something to practice with. I thoroughly enjoyed playing it through to the end. By far the best thing about this game is the art style and the pleasing paper effects when a new area unravels. It seems the game is somewhat inspired by Zelda-style games with a large map and several dungeons to explore. However I think this comparison sets you up for disappointment because it is lacking several elements which the real Zelda games do much better. The story begins by building up a lot of intrigue but in the end it doesn’t really seem to go anywhere and the random snippets of narration don’t really connect together. Like a Zelda game there are a few puzzle elements but in practice the puzzles are relatively easy and there are only a few different ideas which are repeated. In the dungeons you can find new magic powers and they have done a good job of making these interesting. All of them are useful in different circumstances. It would have been nice if they could have made more use of these powers in the puzzles or made the boss battles require the magic in interesting ways like when you gain a new item in Zelda. Sadly there aren’t really any bosses in Epistory and there are only a handful of different enemy types which are repeated over and over in different combinations.I found the game relatively easy despite my typing speed still being a pitiful 20WPM. I wonder if this could be because the automatic difficulty adjustment recognised my terrible typing speed but didn’t manage to adjust as I improved. The first few nests were extremely difficult but for most of the later ones I was able to beat them on my first attempt.Regardless of the criticism in my review I still highly recommend the game mostly because the innovative typing mechanic is such a joy to play. I hope one day they will be able to work on the idea and make an even cooler sequel.
,Recommended,398850,22911647,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SleepParalysis,"I def recommend the game, it's a great time-killer...and an even better keyboard-destroyer."
76561198179868637,Recommended,398850,22902610,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,henryhan1008,"Fun gameplay, amazing art style, like the music and sound. Did see framedrops on my GTX 970 on on max in 1080p."
76561198113354508,Recommended,398850,22241201,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Big Yonsan,"WARNING: I'm a salty old man who drinks too much and hates idealistic youngsters.I'm not quite sure who this game is for. The narrative seems like it was written by a special snowflake reflecting on her life and trying to tell the tale of growing up and the stresses of childhood vs those of adulthood through not subtle enough metaphor. The subject matter seems kid friendly at first, which makes me think this might be a good tool for teaching a daughter how to type, but by the time I'd want a child to start tackling topics like heart break and social pressure, I'd hope I'd have already taught her qwerty typing. As cautionary advice from someone who's been there, it falls flat again. The story reads like it was written by a young woman (mid to late 20s) fresh out of a tumultous time in her life (college and a couple relationships) with words of wisdom and reassurance for the younger people behind her. When the author gets a little older, she'll look back on the age she is now and realize she didn't know anything yet.As an adult who can type, It's not terribly useful as a keyboarding instructional tool. There doesn't seem to be any way to up the difficulty to a set number of wpm and I'm not sure how well that'd work anyway. The game is entertaining enough, but the challenge portions get frustrating when 1 letter enemies come flying in and break up your flow. If I'm spelling vexation for instance, and a little thing attacks that requires me to type an x, often the game will think I misspelt vexation or it won't count it towards the word I was typing (making the correct solution to type vexxation). In any event, it is rather vexing.I am intrigued by the language option. Will there be updates to allow me type in Spanish? That could be interesting. Hearing the dialogue in a language I don't speak would be nice too, only way it'd be new or original.Visually, the game is appealing, if simplistic. The puzzles are clearly influenced by and seem like a simpler version of Legend of Zelda puzzles. The camera style is reminiscent of Bastion (a good thing). The music (where present) is well suited to the gameplay, though a bit more on the overworld map wouldn't have gone amiss.Overall, it gets a recommendation, but only just, and only because the technical aspects of the game are pulled off mostly with some style and competently enough even in the rough spots. It's games like this that make me long for a third, neutral rating option. Sort of a wavy hand icon, as if to say ""meh.""If you're looking for top down zelda esque game with strong narration and real life overtones, play Bastion. If you want a keyboarding program disguised as a game, Typing of the Dead is still a better buy for sheer customization options.If you're trying to teach a youngster to type with a game, slap yourself. Then see if you can find an MSDOS copy of Reader Rabbit. Sure it's old, but you should be teaching a child to type at an age where they can't appreciate the difference between a 7 core souped up PC or a floppy disk IBM anyway, and besides, it's a better teaching tool.If you want a more laid back, zombie-less keyboarding game with modern, but indie touched graphics and overtones of ""childhood flowing into adult problems"" vibe going for it, I guess this is your game.All 8 of you young ladies in the feminist / early education / computer club at your local community college will love it."
,Recommended,398850,27907658,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pieceoftheuniverse,Mavis teaches your fox to spit fireballs.
76561198008433937,Recommended,398850,32230595,Posted: 6 June,all,KoldSkurj,"Excellent game and probably the best typing game ever made. This is so much fun! The art, the story, sound and music, the narration: developers did an amazing job across the board.  Even at full price ( $14.99 ) it's a solid purchase. At a discount, it's a steal. Now stop reading. Get it and start typing!"
,Recommended,398850,32453424,Posted: 15 June,all,karl,Fun game! Recommended for anyone who likes typing games.
76561198075588202,Recommended,398850,32746210,Posted: 24 June,all,em4n3m,This game is suprisingly original and relaxing. It's not too challenging and has a good couple of puzzles.A very nicebreakfromDotA 2or other games!
76561197976990391,Recommended,398850,32733361,Posted: 24 June,all,Ferawyn,"A charming story, accessible but not too childish. The puzzles felt a little on the easy side. The graphics were fun and pretty good, matching the tone very well. Given the unique controls, it would be nice if there was a small 'refresher' tutorial for the mechanics when returning to the game after a few days."
,Recommended,398850,32875374,Posted: 27 June,all,Emphase,"Somewhat empty, but interesting world. Progressively difficult combat. Easy to understand mechanics. Good music. Great atmosphere. Not really sure what's not to like. Add to that great mod support and you've got the whole package."
76561198067957975,Recommended,398850,32896580,Posted: 27 June,all,Nizi,Wonderfull game
,Recommended,398850,32616805,Posted: 21 June,all,GZooCruel,"this game has great visuals with unique characters and an amazing character. I will soon finish the game, I suppose. you'll have to type the word hovering above enemies, type it as fast as possible, and eliminate 'em. special abilities, and expanding world is what a action-adventure lover would love!"
76561198202872168,Recommended,398850,32592718,Posted: 20 June,all,Ve1N87,It is very good game for learning all fingers typing. The game has RPS elements. There is nice world and many different enviroments. And the story is very interesting.
,Recommended,398850,32230838,Posted: 6 June,all,KipofMudd,"Amazing typing game. It's so fresh compared to other typing games that it just blew me away. It is a little on the short side so I don't know if $15 is right but $10 or so is perfect, for me at least.If you lke typing games, then this is for you. Easily the best typing game on steam.The art is phenomenal. Absolutely gorgeous paper style.There is a female narrator that gives me the same vibe as the narrator from Bastion, to a degree. If you are unfamiliar with Bastion, it just has a really nice narrator that tells the story for you rather than talking to npc's or reading lore. Not much of a super in depth story and it kind of leaves it as a cliffhanger, but I found it quite charming.I'm not really sure what else to say that would make you get this game so I'm out."
,Recommended,398850,35499026,Posted: 5 October,all,Adyth,"[Review : Epistory - Typing Chronicle]""It needs more, but it's awesome enough""8.5/10A game where a typo could kill youremember that old software to learn how to type?what's its name? TypingMaster? or something?now imagine that software is a game,,with magicwhere a typo could kill you..yes, Fishing Cactus have resurrected a typing game genre, with a decent graphic and gameplay mechanic.Epistory is a typing game where you have to type words to kill enemies,,it has magic too,,different type of magic has different effect,like, fire could burn the target so you don't need to type the 2nd wordyou'll get more type of magic as the story goesenemy varies on how many letters it has per word,,so far i have encountered a 7-8 letter per word enemies, but i'm pretty sure there're morethis is a really good game to practice your typing speedeven though it's a bit hard for non-native english speaker[Gameplay]""The one i need, the one i want""10/10like i said, it's a really good typing game,,,not only it can help you how to type fast,but it support other keyboard layout too,,usually we only use the QWERTY layout, but in this game, it supports AZERTY, QWERTZ, DROVAK, COLEMAK, BEPO, WORKMAN, NEO2, JCUKEN, and QGMI.WYi'm pretty sure it's the only one with that many keyboard layout support among all other steam game,,it also has a language support,,you can change the gameplay and menu language some other language like Deutch and Japanese,for japanese, it shows both kanji and romaji for the gameplay, but only kanji & kana for the storyline,,same for chinese languageaside of typing and stuff, it has a really well-done gameplayyou can use magic type as the story goes,, but for starter you could only get a neutral attack,magic typing creates a specific effect, like i said before,,fire burns, so you don't have to type the second word,,ice stuns, so the enemy will stay there for a while,,you have to type the magic first before it can be used,,some enemies are magic-specific,,if you attack with different kind of magic after the first hit, the previous effect stays,so try to combine as much magic type as you canit also has perks,like intensity, sprint (so you can escape faster), knockback, etc.[Graphic]""It's simple yet amazing""9/10it's an origami world,,yes, origami, i said,or, something like that..basically just a game with low-poly assets,but goddamn it's beautifulit has some neat animations and effects,asset placement is not repetitive and kinda looks cool,and it's colorful,,well, papery colorful,,[Sound]""i just need a japanese voice and it's perfect""8/10too bad they only have an english voice for the story,,even tho it support other language for menu and gameplay,,but aside of that, sfx and bgm is pretty good,,[Story]""honestly need a better one""7/10the story goes like this..there's a girl,who lost her memory,don't know where she is, and who she is,she's riding a giant wolf (?),,on an origami worldas she walks across the road, she starts to uncover reality,well, kinda decent,but i feel loneliness,it's a narrative, but i think the story goes too fast,,but still, good enough[Post Scriptum]i haven't finished it yet,,i'm still in the 3rd chapter and i think there're few more chapter till the ending,,bought it on sale,,totally worth it..-Adyth"
,Recommended,398850,35508909,Posted: 5 October,all,Miral,"This is a beautiful game.  You can complete it (including optional areas other than the Arena) in about 6 hours, perhaps only 4 if you rush it.  But don't rush it, part of the experience is gradually uncovering the world around you.Gameplay is solid; you attack by typing the words that appear above the heads of enemies, and over time you will find four different elemental attacks with different useful abilities.  Most of the time you're free to choose whichever ability you prefer the most (some give you a bit more time to type, others help with crowd control), although some enemies can only be defeated with a specific element, shown by the colour of their words.The controls are a little bizarre.  The default keybindings are EFJI, which allow you to move ""straight"" relative to the isometric world and keep your hands in a good position to be touch-typing, but take a bit of getting used to.  Alternatively you can stick with WASD or arrow keys but these move you diagonally relative to the world (straight on the screen) which can make the ice puzzles a little harder than they should be (you have to hold down two buttons to move straight).  Having said this, it should be pretty easy to get used to it.The game features adaptive difficulty, so it will get harder (more enemies and faster movement) if you're typing well and get easier if you keep dying.  And you will die a few times -- some of the nests can get quite tricky until you figure out a good strategy for using each element.  But ultimately it provides a nice challenge and I think it can be enjoyed by anyone with at least somewhat decent typing.  (It's ok if you have to look at the keyboard most of the time, but slow hunt&peck probably won't cut it.)  And it's very satisfying when you finally beat one of the particularly tricky nests.The story unfolds slowly as you explore, and there's a nice payoff at the end (which I won't spoil).  And the game has multiple save slots, so you can let your family or friends play alternately with you if you want, or just start again to re-experience the story for yourself.  You can also play endless Arena games (either once you've completed the story or any time during it, to get a little more practice in).It's not really something designed to improve your typing speed, but if you keep at it you probably will improve anyway.  Typing for your life has that kind of effect. :)"
