user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198173432025,Not Recommended,399120,21329655,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,StrickenCross88,"I just want to get this out of the way: For a mod created by one person, this is amazing. However, the fact that this mod was made alone shows A LOT.Let's start with the plot: You take control of Adrian Shepard, the same person tasked to hunt down Gordon Freeman during Half-Life: Opposing Force. After being saved from the G-Man by the Vortiguants, (much like they did for Gordon in Half-Life 2: Episode 1), they give you the rundown on what you've missed since being put into stasis. After giving you your mission, you're dropped into Nova Prospekt. For the record, this game takes place during Half-Life 2, when Gordon is trying to rescue Eli Vance. However, the only problem is that you don't make much of an impact. The only reference you get to Gordon's presence is the destroyed teleporter him and Alyx used to get to Kleiner's Lab. After that, the mod goes nowhere. So the plot isn't that great.Now the voice acting and gameplay: The voice acting is great. It shines in 4 ways:1. The Vortiguants when they free you from G-Man at the beggining of the game.2. The US Marines in Shepard's squad that you have memories of throughout the game. (Think of them as the Cortana cutscenes you see throughout the Halo 3 missions.)3. The Combine throughout the game.4. Your Powered Combat Vest. (Yes, it has it's own unique voice)So in terms of voice acting, in my opinion, is on par with that of an actual VALVe game.The gameplay is great too, but there are a few gripes. Specifically, the Combine. When the developer says ""New AI improvements"" he was NOT kidding. They just eat your bullets, even on Easy. And I think Richard Seabrook, the creator of this mod, intended that because you're given extra ammo reserves (Ex. In Half-Life 2, the Pulse Rifle ammo caps at 90 bullets, or 3 clips, with on clip holding 30 bullets. In Prospekt, it caps at 150 bullets, or 5 clips) So he most likely knew this.This game also has same length as Half-Life 2: Episode 1, so it's a decently large mod.Now, for the Locations: You visit 3 locations, not counting the areas you're teleported to for a short period of time:1. Nova Prospekt2. An Orbital Facility3: XenWhile the first 2 are done well, the return to Xen was an extreme letdown. You're only there for only 5-6 minutes. You spend more time at Nova Prospekt and the Orbital Facility.Finally, the Music. Holy Crap, the music in this is amazing. Every track in this mod fits with it's location. I'd buy this off of iTunes if it was avaible.Overall, this mod is a mixed bag, and isn't really worth the $9.99. Unless you're really thirsty for a new Half-Life game, I'd wait for this to go on sale. Richard, you did a great job and I did have fun playing it; but for your next project, try and get a few more people to help you."
,Not Recommended,399120,21297597,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dostojny Kocur,"I had more fun with free mod called Half-Life 2: Riot Act than this. FREE MOD have better immersion than this one overpaid. Its not bad but not worth the price - wait till sale.Why bad?1) regular boring combine shooter (some antlions at start)2) well done but still boring locations3) teleports, teleports everywhere4) Xen? Whats the point to go there?5) Broken subtitles6) no achievements, empty menu option7) too short for such priceEDIT:I would like to lighten some of the issues about my quick review (It took me two minutes to write).I was overwhelmed by s***post comments, which I removed for good of authors who when they grow up they wont be ashamed of what they wrote. Now to the point:Annotation to point 1)The game is one hundred percent shooter and offers nothing more than a continuous shooting at combine soldiers. Sometimes hordes of enemies on higher difficulty levels are quite a challenge.Annotation to point 2)Maps are done well but... Boring! Incredibly boring and overexposed while initial levels are in turn very dark. Prison looks like HL2 prision nothing to add here but rest of game is like never ending nightmare with ugly textures from the last chapter of HL2 and narrow corridors. There are no oryginal puzzles. At one stage, we have to overcome the obstacle course made of lasers. On the others simply press the button to open the door. All about puzzles.Annotation to point 3)Stages in the game are divided by portals. As the main character without much purpose you runs in random portals. No one explains you in any way why you do it and what you have to do on other side to help Freeman. Yup you are helping Freeman. Dunno how.Annotation to point 4)Xen is ugly and I do not understand why there is a squad of fully geared soldiers. They should die of boredom in there. One of s***posters wrote me something like ""Its a continuation of OpFor and that why main character goes to XEN"" and something about that i never played OpFor. Ok now its all clear.Annotation to point 5)Subtitles and main character. Subtitles are different from what we hear, especially and only when we hear schizophrenic flashbacks which are intended to inform us of who we play. I dont get it. I still pretend to play He-man dressed in a green hev suit. it really does not matter who you play because you absolutely wont feel like Adrian Shephard.Annotation to point 6)If there is no achievements why keep this option in the menu? I got the idea for achievement: Beat game in less than two hours and for up to two weeks after purchase. After that go refund.Annotation to point 7)For just only music, randomly combined levels and some particles the price of 10 euro is overrated. As i wrote before many free mods are much much better. Starting from Black Mesa (free mod), Riot Act, The Citizen, Human Error and many more. Even similar mod The Awakening looks better with its plot. The argument that the game was made by one person in no way explains the very high price. Even if the game would be done by a disabled child and the amount of the sale will support the orphanage its still does not make the game good.P.S.Yes i refunded and I am happy that I did it"
,Not Recommended,399120,21354744,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TruPayne,"Prospekt is a standalone game based in the Half-Life universe running on the Source engine with assets granted by Valve and created by one man: Richard Seabrook. I was very excited to try the game out, it is roughly 3 hours in length and the player controls Adrian Shephard, the protagonist of the Half-Life: Opposing Force expansion originally created by Gearbox Software.Is Prospekt worth its asking price of 10 USD? My answer is no.Prospekt suffers from a few fatal flaws: First the familiar Combine soldiers have increased health and feel like bullet sponges now. A double shotgun blast doesn’t always kill them and battles can be very frustrating, further exacerbated by the next flaw, the level design: there are too many places with no cover. Most areas are either narrow hallways that make for great chokepoints for enemies to swarm you, or they are too open and have little to no cover. There is one battle in particular:in the area where it's revealed that you’re on a space station orbiting Earthwhere you get attacked by lots of soldiers at once and the only cover is one small spot at the foot of two staircases where you can easily get trapped and die as I did several times before I eventually got through after much frustration. If the crossbow was included this might not have been so bad. There was no good long range weapon besides the magnum and in the areas where the levels were long and narrow the omission of the crossbow was keenly felt. Xen didn’t need to be included either, the 5 minute jaunt through Xen felt shoehorned and pointless. The story is also confusing, we’re told that Shephard is being teleported to Nova Prospekt to aid Gordon Freeman in his attack on the prison during Half-Life 2, but after that this plotline is dropped completely and what’s left are just flashbacks to Shephards time in HECU leading up to the fateful day of the Black Mesa Incident. The ending left me quite confused as to what I’d just accomplished.So what was good then? The music was good, the voice acting was competent, and the added particle effects were a nice touch. In my opinion the “City 17 citadel interior“ is one of the Half-Life universe’s blandest settings so I didn’t love the look of the interior levels with that aesthetic, but I will admit they were well designed visually and looked as good as the citadel interior in Half-Life 2.My final score of this game is 5/10. It’s very average. I will say that since this is a paid game and not just a free mod, me and others are going to naturally judge this more harshly than we would a free mod so don’t get discouraged Rich. I hope my review was helpful and I wish you the best of luck on your next game."
,Not Recommended,399120,21308186,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Kaiminator,"Honestly, absolutely soul-crushingly disapointing when I picked up a crowbar instead of a stillsons pipe wrench."
,Not Recommended,399120,21308803,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Erkor,"This is in all honesty nothing but a monetized mod for HL2.fIt lacks in depth. The game, which I speeded through admittedly, took me 82 minutes. An hour and 22 minutes. One of the things I can appreciate in this game is the skins of the Combine soldiers, the level design in the later levels (Specifically past Xen) and the voice acting in the flashbacks.The Vortigaunts sound like a half-hearted job at replicating Akama from WoW, and sound horribly wheezy. The Combine Soldiers have a strange filter that is nowhere close to the one in HL2, it makes me wonder why he even bothered to add the new ones. They sound like Super-Battle-Droids from Republic Commando, in all honesty. On top of that, some of the gameplay even on Normal is straight up unforgiving.The Xen chapter, which is I believe a single level, looks quite bad. It is a combination of three to five asteroids that float about in empty space, along with horribly transluscent crystals attached to unexplained Combine apparatuses.The particle effects, however, are outright beautiful, admittedly.The viewmodel hands, which should naturally be new, are the same. Nothing different sans the color, which is just desaturated.There are no new weapons in this game. All of them are the same. There are no new models for the weapons, nor any replacements.There are no new mechanics in this game either, the only redeeming factor for this point is the end battle, which is pretty satisfying from my standpoint.To sum up:Pros+Good level design and attention to detail in the later levels, specifically the Combine base+Somewhat engaging final battle+Beautiful Particle Effects+Alright Flashback cutscenesCons-Poor level design in most other areas, some even seems to be pulled and retouched from HL2-Downright too challenging at times, either due to a lack of ammo or health, or too many enemies-Poor voice-acting in some cases (Vortigaunts)-Poor sound design in others(Combine Soldier voices, Overwatch(Why is it male??!?!?!))-Horribly short playtime for a $10 gameI do not recommend this game unless it is on sale, and even then am I reluctant."
,Not Recommended,399120,21299256,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,JonnyBoy0719,"ProsGreat voice acting & Sound designGreat musicgood level designs (only at the 'space' levels)ConsReally bad level design on the first 2 chaptersTerrible balancingReally bad story, if there is any (it doesn't explain anything, and a lot of the context is out of place)Really bad puzzles (again, no context)A Half-Life 2 re-skin mod (you could basically copy the maps into HL2 and you wouldn't notice the differences)A Really short ''mod''Very buggyThe music & ''flashbacks'' are completely out of placeReally bad flashbacks (the color correction is horrible.)ConclusionThis shouldn't have been released as a 'pay-mod'. The developer should have either taken his time making a better plot and experience, or make it F2P by contacting Valve. Played trough the whole mod, and it lacks a lot, and plenty of the sequences is just a waiting game, or basically gives you no context what so ever on how to progress forward.In short, its not worth the money or the time. It basically feels like a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip off.Verdict3/10"
,Not Recommended,399120,21415292,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Venom Jensen,"I played and finished this game, in one sitting, because it's not worth more than that, and I took note of some things, I will list and explain:1. Bad level design: There is a lot, like 98% of the game, that consist in arena gunfighting on every map, or at least, stretch corridors with bare to none cover when there is fight of 5 combines vs. the player, with impasses to refill health, shield and ammo. Also, there is a lack of explanation or player guidance to do objectives, its blindly pushing buttons and see what happens.2. Bad distribution of difficulty: The game starts slow paced, with some puzzling elements, the first 10 minutes at least, when you get the crowbar and pistol, you need to fight Antillions (but they have less HP than a headcrab) and then on a tiny tiny tiny space, 3 zombines with grenades, only to get right away the Shotgun and the SMG.3. Bulletsponge Combine: It was really necessary to raise the HP of the Combine soldiers at a point that a MOUSE2 headshot with the Shotgun or a FULL magazine of SMG can't kill them? And was really necessary to do encounters with 3 to 20 combines at the same time waving from all places?4. There is NO STORY: At the start you are on stasis by Vortigaunt and they say ""Go, help Freeman on Nova Prospekt"", and then poof, there you are. There is a lot of annoying bloom effects that interferes with the gameplay and some voiceover of the fellow marines of Shepard. Ending with a neverending fight running in circles pushing buttons and killing waves and waves of Combines, just to get teleported and then Gman appears, kills the Vortigaunts with his ""super bubble of reflection"" then boops you and makes and evil face. THE END. No explanation, no prisoners on the cell blocks, no Freeman cameo, nothing. Even at Opposing Force, Shepard gets a quick look at Gordon, but here... nothing.I bought this at pre-order just because all the♥♥♥♥♥♥of: ""I spent two years working on them, and I was alone."" and my inner game developer soul felt the need to support. Sadly, right now, I feel this was a SCAM.This is clearly a mod that needed to be FREE not PAID. Even Black Mesa had the decorum to first launch it free and then at EARLY ACCESS because they know they need to improve it.Most of this mod its a lot of rooms made with a ""Copy + Paste"" technique and plastered a lot of enemies on them, and somehow this will had better reception as a Sven-Coop kind of campaign or Garry's Mod thing more than a standalone paid game.Sadly, I can't ask a refund because the time I played and the time I had it on my library, but If I can, I will ask my 8 dollars back."
76561197971203678,Not Recommended,399120,21307896,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,mr_mega_drive,"Well this isn't in any way a Half-life game its a mod, a fairly well made mod in some respects but not in others.Yes Richard Seabrook can make  a basic mod there are corridors, boxes, zombines, ant lions galore in this game. Just like most mods it takes the incredients of the origianls and build some basic levels for you to shoot your way through but gives you little else. The levels are rather bland and somber really every time you open a door you give a sigh of despair. Not another corridor. Not another huge room.Do not expect anything like the level of writing of emersion that Half-life 1 & 2 have though. The intro is long, poorly written and over the top in its set up of the game. It lost my interest before I started playing which is not a good thing. There is no story really you get annoying flashbacks that make it seem like Shepard is having an epileptic seizure whilst never really knowing why you are doing what you are doing or going where you are going. It's more like Sonic than Half-Life just get to the end of the game. Thats it.Then you get into the game quickly gather weapons and encountering enemies fast, too fast. To be honest the difficulty level is rather high early on again a problem with the writing and pacing of the game. You get enjoyment from games by building up your skills from easy in the start of the game, maybe getting killed a few times along the way but you learn and feel you are improving. This game totally ignores this.New players will stop playing in out right annoyance at being killed again and again. One of the best things about all Valve games is that they make you feel like a gaming genius for completing tasks even though what you are doing is easy. This game just throws hot s*@# at you and if you don't like it then well tough s*@#. Throwing endless enemies at you with no ryhme or reason is not rewarding and not clever. It's annoying and lazy.Another example is this game would have us beleive that Shepard is basiclly killing most of the Combine soldiers in Nova Prospekt while Gordon is chilling out with the ant lions smoking a cigar. The Combine would throw everything at Freeman not Shepard he is Anti Citizen One. Therefore logic dictates that Shepard would have a slightly easier time of it than this game suggests and the Combine certainly would not just throw endless numbers of troops at him. Lack of logical thinking.To be honest I'm suprised this game has got the hype it has and am even more suprised its been released on steam. Black Mesa deserved its realease for all its bad points it did at some level feel like Half-Life even if it was only in a few places.I didn't have high hopes for this dispite some saying it's cannon but I'm sorry to say it's only a mod and not a very good one at that.I wouldn't spend money on this if I were you even though it doesn't cost much. Your far better off just replaying the old games if you need a Half-life fix.Hats off to Richard Seabrook for trying and I hope he gets his job at Valve but I'm sorry this game is poor. Depressing, boring, repetative and annoying are the emotions I felt playing it. Maybe I'm just getting old.The hype around this game and the fact that it was made in the first place is a direct result of the absence of the game we do not mention.The biggest and most worrying issue that this game has is not that it's rubbish. It's the fact it has been attached to the greatest game franchise in history and is now considered by many to be cannon. Crap HL mods are made all the time but why in the name of sanity has this one been given special treatment by Valve. Very worrying.We are still waiting Gabe.5 out of 10 - Good effort but don't give up the day job. Oh you did..Oh dear........"
,Recommended,399120,32538830,Posted: 18 June,all,Howlux,"Good game for fans Half-life. Good story about Shepard, good music, good voice work8,5/10"
,Not Recommended,399120,21298566,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,WλR HOG 419,"I'm going to have to say ""NO"". This game is not worth $10... its made by one person and it shows... The only reason this is backed by Valve is it's an easy cash grab for them.  Cons: bad guys are too hard.. it takes an entier mag to kill one guy or two to three shots at pointblank range to kill a combine... some maps look supper rushed and poor while others look good. There is a lack of direction on where to go and what to do in alot of areas. ( very amature in direction it fails to use the basic light guiding devs use to show you where to go like a light above a vent shaft.. this is just the oppisite you will be in a large oom and there is a vent behind some boxes in the dark cornner ect..) any ways im done playing this game after 30 minutes.. get it when its on sale afor 2 bucks.."
76561198125100622,Recommended,399120,23732004,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,rowanyourboats,"Let me start by stating the obvious:Prospekt isn't HL3 - a fact that should be readily apparent but seemed to get the game a whole lot of hate shortly after release from fans of the franchise, especially after all the hype leading up to the launch.What Prospekt IS, though, is a loveletter to HL2 and those fans. A one-man passion project with great playability - something to do for a few hours instead of whittling matchstick statues of GabeN. Gameplay wise, the level design stands out as most people have said; the combat is very reminiscent of HL combat but with challenging (though not unbeatable) pacing. It has a great visual appeal - there is one section especially that I found striking (and you'll know when you see it!) and the voice acting a cut above.All in all, it definitely scratched the itch! Would recommend, esp. while on sale."
76561198119393688,Not Recommended,399120,21454142,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Rednev444,"When I first heard about Prospekt I was pretty excited. Finally, what could be considered a new game in the Half-Life series! Greenlit by Valve themselves and considered to be a sequel to Opposing force! I’ve always been an advocate for paid mods. Some people pour their heart and soul into a mod, and I have no problem with them being paid for that hard work. But with Prospekt, I honestly can't say its worth the price tag.Where do I begin?Firstly Il start with the positives. This game looks, and sounds amazing. The environments look incredibly detailed, and work well with the overall atmosphere. I especially like the Combine areas which I honestly think look better than some of the Combine areas in Half-Life 2. The voice acting is also pretty good, which is a rarity with community made mods for Half-Life games. It’s clear to me that the developer knows how to create some beautiful looking environments in the Source Engine.Unfortunately when we look at the overall level design, this game is pretty poor. I have three major complaints about this game. Firstly, it’s incredibly boring. Pretty much the entire game is just run through corridors and rooms shooting combine. That’s it. I have seen a few people saying that ""Well isn't that what Half-Life is anyway?"" not really. If you look at Half-Life 2, it has a variety of enemies, environments and different situations that the player has to progress through. Even Half-Life 1 had a more varied cast of enemies which all fought differently. for pretty much 90% of this game you're just shooting combine with the same weapons, in the same situations, in the same poorly designed levels. Which brings me to my next complaint.The levels are horribly designed. They look pretty don’t get me wrong, but they are so poorly thought out. Most of the firefights are done in big spacious rooms with little to no cover at all. The tactic I had to employ with pretty much every fight was either, fire at will and just hope I kill all the enemies before they pump me with too many bullets, or wait around the corner to bottleneck them into coming at me single file. Which leads me onto the final big issue with Prospekt.The combine AI. One of the impressive parts of the combine soldiers in Half-Life 2 was how they worked in battle. They would use cover effectively and take turns to pop out and shoot the player. They would try to nudge you out of cover with grenades, and generally worked together as a squad. The combine in Prospekt however, instead decide to just charge straight at you, all guns blazing until either you or they are dead. This leads to some very silly fights where I use my previously mentioned “Bottleneck” tactic where one combine walks around the corner, and gets killed with my shotgun. Then the next soldier walks around the corner and gets a shell to the head as well. So does the next, and the next, and the next, and none of them seem to question “Hmm I wonder if he’s waiting round there to kill us? Maybe we should try a different tactic?” To be honest there isn’t much more you can really do with the combine in these environments. Theres practically no cover for them to utilise and sometimes theres just so many combine piled into one room that they might as well just charge straight at you.There are a few other niggles I have with the game as well. There are several flashback sequences that happen throughout the game, where we hear some of Adrian’s past in the military. These begin to happen less as the game goes on but, to be honest there doesn’t seem to be much point to them other than at the beginning.Another gripe I have is that for some reason the developer has changed the skin for the shotgun combine soldier to look either the same or very similar to the regular combine soldier. Half-Life 2 originally had both types of combine look the same, but Valve eventually changed the shotgun wielding ones to have red eyes and wear a slightly different looking uniform. That was done so that the player could differentiate between the different types of soldiers, as the shotgun ones can deal quite a lot of damage. Which makes me wonder why the developer has decided to reverse this decision for what seems like no reason.The final thing I want to talk about is the final battle. If you don’t want any spoilers then feel free to skip next few paragraphs. The final battle had me so lost and frustrated I had to resort to using god mode and noclip. The whole premise is that you have to overload this reactor thing. I’m not sure what it was exactly because the game didn’t really make it clear to me what it actually was. And to be honest it didn’t really make it clear what I was supposed to do either. There are four buttons spaced out around the core and you have to press all of them to overload it. However combine soldiers begin to flood in and they will try to press the buttons again and turn them back on.The problem I have with this segment is that, I’m not exactly sure whether I am doing it correctly. I press all of the buttons down and the screen flashes white about 50 times blinding me, but I’m not sure whether the combine have unpressed one yet or not. It seems that when they do, they don’t unpress immediately. They seem to take a few seconds which in that time you can’t go and press it down, until the lights have gone green again. I’m also not sure if you have to keep the combine from unpressing them for a few seconds afterwards, or whether you just have to press all the buttons at once and that’s it. Basically the game didn’t really communicate what I was supposed to be doing very well.The other issue with the final battle is how ridiculously difficult it is. As the battle goes on, more and more combine flood into the reactor and it eventually gets to a point where theres just too many to fight off. It doesn’t help that there is pretty much no cover at all, and the narrow platforms you have to walk across to get to each button have no hand railings, so one false move and you fall to your death. And the screen flashing white every few seconds doesn’t help either.In conclusion, Prospekt is not worth the money. I have played much better community mods than this that are free. It makes me start to wonder what Valve is doing with the Half-Life licence because honestly, this is not the kind of game that they should be giving that licence to. Any developer from Valve could see that this game has some serious design issues, but then again considering Steam’s awful lack of quality control, I wouldn’t be too surprised if the only thing Valve looked at in this were the visuals. It just worries me that Steam’s zero quality control is now spilling into Valve’s own licences. Especially Half-Life. I understand that this is developed by one man, and to be honest, he’s done a good job with what he’s clearly good at. Environments. The visuals in this game actually rival Half-Life 2 in a lot of ways. But I think this game would have been considerably better if there was another person on the team who was good with level design, as that seems to be this game’s main flawl. Overall, I cannot recommend."
,Recommended,399120,31398296,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr. Dunkaccino,"All in all, I enjoyed my time with Prospekt mostly, and I would actually recommend this. However, Prospect is flawed on a lot of levels, and it just doesn't feel like an Opposing Force sequel. (This is going to be long, at the end I have my thoughts combined written down)Pros:-Great scenery. Few locations, but very well stylised.-A lot of good ideas and concepts, though not executed the best.-Intese fighting. I liked i quite a lot.-The level progression feels very fluent, you probably won't get lost.-The stealth bonus maps make for a fun mini game.-Sound and visual effects fit the tone very well.Cons:-Many of the concepts failed in their execution.-The fighting might be too much. More focus on the things that make HL, HL.-None of the implemented elements of story or reason make enough sense in the HL/OF canon, so...-...the game doesn't feel like a OF follower, like not at all.-Too few locations, though vvery good looking, and mostly no reason for Shepard to be there.-One or two custom wepons or models would have really added to the overall atmosphere.-The first hour of the game is blackened down very hard, to the point of it being irritating.First off, Richard (can I call you Richie?), I hope you're reading this. I applaud you for being the one person that created a playable and finished version of an OF sequal. You worked on it alone and got your game approved by Valve anf got it on Steam all by yourself, and still keep  which is very impressive. I feel that you put a lot of work into it, I really do, but it the spark just doesn't really jump over. And I'm going to tell you why I didn't feel like playing an Opposing Force 2.Now for the more detailed part.The game starts off with a cutscene where the Vortigaunts take Adrian away and put him in a sewer controlled by the Combine. And this very first cutscene is where the implied plot structure falls apart. The Vorts would never have freed Adrian, because unlike Freeman, he isn't a hero to them. Both killed a lot of the Vortigaunts in Black Mesa, but Shephard didn'd free them from slavery or something like that. I'm pretty sure they would like to have him captured by G-Man as long as possible. But the cutscene is made really well visually.The first hour or so will be used to get into the Combine facility. For that, you have to get your way through an industrial/sewer like area, which is unnecessarily darkened down (kinda like Suicide Squad), when sometimes not even the flashlight helps seeing. But these first two chapters set up the tone in the rest of the game pretty good. I liked all the smal puzzels, Richie really worked with that aspect, even though later on the puzzels get reduced down to fighting your way to a button and press it to open some random door.At the beginning, the fighting scenarios are very well done. They are engaging, fast and tense, which is how it should be. But later on in the facility, the Combine will be frustratingly powerful. I know, that's where the Combine are, but taking away one or two waves or adding more med and battery kits would be good to balance the fights a bit.From a technical aspect, again, it's very impressive what one guy could achieve. But, as I said, adding or adjusting one or two models and weapons would have been really great for the overall atmosphere of the game. The sound design fits mostly and doesn't distract or felt offputting most of the time, so point for that.The maps and locations are very impressive and actually professionally looking. It must have been hard work anyways, but the game felt really empty. Maybe adding one larger segment through a neighbourhood to the Combine hideout and expanding the Xen level would have also added greatly to this game and added 10-20 minutes.Now to one of my biggest complaints, the waste of good ideas and opportunities. Richard clearly tried to add to Adrians silent character by memories delivered by voiceovers and add to the mysterious interest of the G-Man in Shephards wits and sense for dangerous situations. Nice idea, sure, but truely unnessecary, and it could have been done better. Also, the sequence where you get captured by the Combine and put in a cell, you get freed my Mr. Deus Ex Machina aka G-Man and get all your equipment back in the very next room. No tension, no need, and completely unforgettable. This would have been a great opportunity to add in a short segment of the stealth mini game to build some tension. Ideas that would have been really really great if executed better, but then kind of carelessly wasted show up quite a bit (like the entire Xen level, which can be done in 2 minutes by running fast).Lastly, my biggest complain with the game is, that it is not the epic sequel this badass Adrian Shepherd deserved. Richard, I see you had good intensions, and I bet you liked Opposing Force as much as I loved it, but the way the game turned out to be doesn't serve the character justice. What makes Ardian a cool character is, that he is a fighter, a leader, he can deal with any situation, no matter how dangerous. He even uses  aliens as weapons, and most likely got his hand stuck forever on a barnacle! He is also smart and can figure out ways to defeat any enemy that steps in his way. He is like Freeman, but much cooler. These things are what the OF fans liked, but it's not what I got. I know, you are developing alone, and more complicated mechanics like ropes or barnacle swinging might be difficult to implement on your own, BUUUT!As much as this game doesn't fit the character, it would fit an underdog rebellian fighter much, much better. This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ and with one or two bigger changes, like replacing the main character with a regular rebel that rises as a figure of hope by taking down the combine facility, and maybe build up for a sequel to that, this could have been an awesome standalone HL game.I don't know how you, Richie, think about that, but this is of course just my opinion on how this game could have worked better than it does. Obviously, this is your project, and let me tell you, you can be proud of it! It might not be official HL canon, but you created something really good.ConclusionAll in all, I liked this game, and I would really recommend it. The levels, although short, are very well crafted and layed out. The pacing is great, the enemies and items are placed well, and the placements make for a very good and challenging short campaign. I was done in about two and a half hours, and it didn't feel stretched or overly long, although  I would probably have lost my interest with the few locations after a bit longer of playing. The combat gets challenging and sometimes quite unfair later on, but as a fast playing DM player, I liked it. What bothered me the most was that it didn't feel like a OF2, and it would have been much better if it was some random unrelated rebels taking over the district controlled by the Combine. The sound is good, the levels are beutifully designed, and you feel the overall effort Richard put in developing the game. The price of 10€ is alright, but for what it is, I would recommend lowering it by 1 or 2 €, but 10€ is perfectly fine. Also, the fact that this was made and brought on to Steam by just one guy is very impressive and actually inspiratonal.Richard, if you read this, thank you very much for making this, and although I think I critizised a lot on wether it is a good sequel or not, I liked the game, and I will probably be buying Black Forest and anticipating the day you get picked up by Gaben to be a developer at Valve, because you have the Heart and the talent to make games worth while."
,Not Recommended,399120,21366965,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zuru,"This would have been an amazing mod, sadly it's a 10$ standalone game. From a gameplay/level design standpoint it's not very good either. The levels feel like box shaped rooms stacked on top and side by side of eachother. The combat most of the time is just room after room full of combine and auto turrets with a  shelf of supplies every few rooms this gets repetitive very, very quick. Overall it's not the worst game in the world i wouldn't recommend it though, i give it about a 3.5/10"
76561198087772657,Not Recommended,399120,21377095,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Boggle,"Bulletsponge enemies swarming endlessly, unlcear objectives, and a lack of any coherent narrative whatsoever make this a solid ""meh"""
,Not Recommended,399120,21317485,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Luna,So i played through the game in two hours. I am an Opposing Force fan and i really loved the idea that there would be more story for Shephard in this game. Sadly there isn't . Most of the time it felt like there was no story at all. You are just running through rooms full of combine and pressing buttons and going to another room full of combines and then teleporting to a next area and repeating all that again.The flashback events about Shephards past were interesting yet annoying as they screw up the screen with the photonegative filter. Also the bright flashesh at the end were really frustrating as those got me killed multiple times simply because i could not see where i was going or where the enemy is.I don't recommend paying the full price for this game since there really isn't anything special in this one. To put it simply if you are looking for continuation to Adrian Shephards story then keep looking because it isn't here. If you are however looking for something to waste 2 hours on and this one is on sale then you could buy it.
,Not Recommended,399120,21298074,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MajQ09,"Dissapointment. i should quit game before 2 hours and get money back :(You simply go from hall to hall, from room to room, kill whats inside and you are PUSHING THE BUTTON.Everytime. That is how you progress. you push the button.Its actually the only feature of this game besides HL2 fundamentals.. you push button a lot and thats it.Fisrt 30 minutes are worth something. But definitely not 10€No dialogues, no story... there are some annoying flashbacks but they has nothing to do with current story however... its plain, repetitive, sterotype.I am sad. i was so looking forward. i was screaming hatred every another button i pushed and every stupid elevator taken and every EMPTY hallAnd the combine computer is obviously the only decoration that the guy knows. its everywhere.No. I am never ever again buying a game before its relase !!"
,Not Recommended,399120,22970723,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Iroh the Magical Cat,"I bought this standalone 'episode' based on the pitch that it was a spiritual successor to Opposing Force.It's not, really. Apart from some narration in which the player is referred to as ""Shephard"", this could be any HL2 mod. There's nothing to tie ito OpFor in any real way.Congrats for the guy who made it single handedly over two years and got it for sale on Steam, but... it's really not that good. The Combine Citadel is the dullest part of HL2 - catwalks and shiny metal hallways, and two types of Combine enemies. Imagine that for basically the whole game. There's some Nova Prospekt prison areas, but none of the expansive exteriors of any of the HL games, episodes, or addons. A brief Xen area. A handful of headcrabs and even fewer headcrab zombies. Some antlions to shoot.No new weapons or enemies, no friendly NPCs, no dialogue barring narration ""flashbacks"", no direction or plot, no idea what the goal around the corner is other than a long hallway and a button. Then another hallway, a gun battle, a button. I finally lost interest and god moded through just to see the end.The closest things to bosses here are rooms of soldiers, or one encounter with Hunters. That's it.Sorry. This just wasn't what I was expecting, and it wasn't worth the time or money."
,Not Recommended,399120,21305360,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Shepard ~*L-M*~,"TL;DRDon't waste your money on this, it's the worst HL2 mod I've ever played.Long versionHere's my review of the newly released Prospekt.For those who don't know what Prospekt is, it's a fan made suite of Half-Life Opposing Force whose author decided to send to Valve along with his C.V. to get hired. The author wasn't accepted but Gabe liked the mod so Valve ended up helping him and ended up being a paid HL2 mod after buying the licenses. Now on to the review.My first disappointment is going to be the level design. I expected the maps to reach the same quality HL2 had or even HL2:EP2. I think I good portion of the maps could be recreated within GoldSource with ""env_model"" and sometimes there are no ""clue"" or ""hint"" to guide the player. For example, you arrive at an area where you have to press a button, then you have have an infinite antlion spawning behind your♥♥♥♥♥and you end up wasting 3/4 of your ammo before running everywhere and finding out you have to play Super Mario Bros to reach a ventilation shaft.Second disappointment is the gameplay, you just run, shoot a lot of Combines, solve puzzles, listen to Shephard's flashbacks, repeat. There are very few variety in enemies, 98% of Combine, 2% of Headcrab, zombies, antlions. I was playing in Hard but I had to go down to Easy because the mod's author had the ""great"" idea of giving twice health to NPCs and not a little bonus for yourself. Seriously, emptying a clip of pistol in a Combine's head don't kill him on Hard. And speaking of weapons, the only arsenal you have is the standard HL2 weaponry without some weapons like the crossbow and RPG. I've finished the game (almost by speed-running) in almost 2 hours so I expect professional speed-runners finishing it in 1 hour and 30 minutes.Third disappointment is the story, you are told at the beginning to help Freeman stuck in Nova Prospekt and you just hear some Shephard's flashbacks of his story before he get involved in the Black Mesa incident, that's all. Where is the powerful narrative element that we all loved in Half-Life ? There is none. There isn't a single friendly NPC.Fourth disappointment concern technical aspects, I've already tried to validate the game cache and all but it seems that when you run the game on Low settings, you get the magnificent black/purple texture of Source, and let's not forgot how my eyes just bleed when looking at the game files.I tried to find positive things to note but I didn't found any. Prospekt is just a paid map pack and a huge disappointment for those who liked Adrian Shephard and wanted to have a good time with him."
76561198062473436,Not Recommended,399120,32834902,Posted: 26 June,all,Jho-oh,"Presentation is nice, voices are passable. The level design, however, needs serious reworking. As it stands, I would say this is a very nice sourcemod, but NOT something worth charging money for."
,Not Recommended,399120,21311997,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Khorps,"I just stopped playing near the end, there's even 1 chapter that is basically one level, it's Xen and it's as short as the first Xen chapter in hl1, this is not at all comparable to episode one in length, chapters does not equal playtimethe difficulty is horrendus, and not in the way that it's too hard, you're thrown into a level that has infinite amounts of soldiers and you have to make your way accross a thin rail to a jump that's in no way obvious and you never get a cluethere are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of super bright lights and color correction galore which makes it difficult to explore and investigateyou get your suit with the crowbar, im nt entirely sure what's going on there, maybe tucked inside the crowbar handle there was an empty combine soldier uniform ?no wrenchterrible vortigaunt voice actingi was really looking forward to this and I liked Rich, but no, this is just not good"
76561197960874088,Not Recommended,399120,21554372,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,☢ DUCK NUKEM ☢,"Hope you like shooting Combines with the SMG from HL2, because thats like 95% of this game. The other 5% is running out of ammo, and pushing buttons.Aside from some off-color narration (literally), this game has very little to do with Opposing Force. Instead, it focuses entirely on the Combines from HL2. The level design follows the same logic (Hope you like the color Grey!) -Although, you get to see Xen for about 30 seconds.  Gameplay is VERY repetative, difficult, and directives are flat-out unclear sometimes. In fact, the only way to know that you missed some button or exit is when you realize the Combines wont stop spawning.I REALLY wanted to like this game...but I honestly had to ""Impulse 101"" and godmode my way through the last 25% of it, just to see the End, because it became so god damn tedious and repetative."
,Not Recommended,399120,21424866,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,JorisCeoen (GamingReviews),"Now... I guess the best thing I can say about Prospekt is that its concept is well executed, and that there is at least a portion of the game that really ties in with the Half-Life 2 spirit...BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT1) The game is too hard, even on normal. I couldn't count how many times I double-barrel shot a combine in the head TWICE before he had to die...2) The level design, is ludicrous. You are being pitched against waves of combine after every door and elevator with NO WAY TO HIDE.3) The voice-overs, although high in quality, sound too amateur to be convincing and disconnect the original Half-Life spirit from Prospekt.4) Buttons, buttons and buttons.5) The story, which each time triggers an incredibly annoying effect as you recall flashbacks from the past, is underdeveloped, but it's not the main part of the game as it focusses heavily on combat, just don't expect a satisfying tale that will move or motivate you in any significant way.The ending is mediocre and almost a carbon copy of the beginning if you look at it from a distance. I have to say I really welcome and applaud the additional combine machinery design that can be found across the levels, and the smart use of the cubemaps. My favorite level was the teleport level, even though it just repeated the same button idea all over again.Soundtrack is excellent, one of the closest things that could absolutely fit in an original Half-Life game, as much as the actual sound design.I would rate this game a 6/10. Just don't forget that after all, this was made by one person, it's just sad that that really shows in the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF3P_cQBTLo"
,Not Recommended,399120,21598141,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,InedibleTrevor,"Prospekt is not so much a game as it is a standalone amateur level pack for Half-Life 2, utilizing the standard Valve-created assets. That means no new enemies, weapons, or characters, and if there were new props or textures, I didn't notice them. On top of that, there is very, *very* little variety in the map design and enemy encounters; I hope you really like shooting down endless numbers of Combine soldiers in metal hallways, because that is 95% of what you do in Prospekt.This lack of character permeates the ""story"" Prospekt (barely) trys to tell as well. There has been a bit of hype flying around that this was, finally, a real narrative sequel to Half-Life: Opposing Force, and that we would finally get to once again lace up the combat boots of Marine Corporal Adrian Shepherd after the disaster at Black Mesa. Yeah, no. Prospekt opens with an introductory sequence telling us that we are Corporal Shepherd, and we must assist Gordon Freeman at the Combine prison complex Nova Prospekt. From there, we are dumped into an environment modeled on the Nova Prospekt maps from Half-Life 2, and the story proceeds to go absolutely nowhere for the entirety of the mod's runtime. There are some well-acted flashback sequences in which Shepherd recalls conversations with fellow Marines prior to the Black Mesa deployment, but they go over only information we already know, and add nothing but a little bit of production value to the proceedings. If you want an Opposing Force 2, this is not it. Not even close.So essentially, you have an average, hobbyist-quality Half-Life 2 fan mod, except that to play this one, you need to fork over $10. That makes Prospekt an absolutely terrible value, especially when you consider that you can download longer and more interesting mods, with more original content, completely for free.Skip this, and play any of the high quality, free HL2 mods instead. You won't be missing much, and you can use that $10 to buy the original Half-Life games, and have access to an even larger library of free mods!"
,Not Recommended,399120,33745226,Posted: 23 July,all,Yorick,"I think there are a lot of positive reviews on here because people want to like this. They want to support the “one man passion project”, and mostly, they want to support more being done in the Half-Life universe, because so little is these days.The problem is that this game doesn’t actually live up to either of those things.The last couple of years have been great for one person-driven indie games. You have games likeThomas was Alone,Axiom Verge,Stardew Valley,Undertale, andPapers, Please. These are games that are labours of love, and that have in at least some way really resonated with their audiences.OnceProspektbegan asking for money, it stopped being comparable to other game modifications and instead, the fair thing to do became to compare it against these types of games. And yet, it breaks away from even those. Many of these games were made standalone, and in many cases as cheaply as possible. Contrasted to that, Richard Seabrook (the lone creator ofProspekt) got investors for his game, and used the money on licensing the Source engine, in addition to a significant amount on marketing. No part of that financing appears to have gone into hiring a team or improving either game assets or code. (If it has, it is well-hidden).Here’s the thing: When you want to make something entirely yourself, you need to have an understanding of all of the parts, or at least draw focus to the ones that you’re good at.Undertalehas incredibly simple graphics because that’s not the focal point.Minecraft’s combat was lackluster because it started as something in the vein of a LEGO game. Etc.What you have withProspektis someone who wanted to be able to say “I did it all myself” without comprehending the quality that is required, or that other individuals could bring to the table. I think Seabrook genuinely believes his game to be of high quality - as evidenced by the notion that he sent it to Valve in a briefcase.But therein lies the core problem: Intent.You take someone like Tom Happ, who createdAxiom Verge. When he started working on it he was already a developer, and still spent a lot of time doing research for it, working on it for years before it became a full-time job. Eric Barone ofStardew Valleyknew exactly what he wanted to make before he started, because it was a game that he wanted to exist - a modernHarvest Moon. He was very active in communities on Twitter and Reddit, not only discussing progress, but asking for opinions on different ideas.While these were solo projects, they were thought out. The creators saw something that existed and found a way to make it their own. You can see howAxiom Vergewas inspired byMetroid, or howStardew Valleywas influenced byHarvest Moon, but they have grown rapidly and have become their own things, inspiring other developers.All this is to say thatProspektfeels instead like a cheap imitation, meant to capitalize on the desires of the lowest common denominator ofHalf-Lifefans: Those who simply want moreHalf-Liferegardless of what it is, those who have grown tired of waiting for theBlack Mesateam to release Xen, and those who idealised Adrian Shephard and wanted more of his story. It feels exploitative and like a poorly constructed knockoff, or like a product created by a board of directors who only know the buzzwords and not why or how they're significant.As an example: One of the complaints aboutHalf-Life 2is that it is not particularly difficult, even on higher settings. This is addressed inProspektby having the Combine soldiers have dramatically increased health, turning them into bullet sponges. A better developer would have thought about why they’re not difficult, and found ways to improve the AI behaviour, or done other things to make the combat more interesting. Contrasted to that,Prospektin several cases breaks the AI behaviour that already exists! I often had soldiers who were blind to grenades, or who would forget I existed if I got more than 30 feet away from them.I recognise that I likely could not have done better, and that there is something to be said for the act of creating something from nothing - but this doesn’t even feel original in that way. Many of the locations and styles are directly taken fromHalf-Life 2, such as spending time back in Nova Prospekt, or going to a Combine-built satellite that may as well be a (very) poorly mocked Citadel that feels like it’s out ofHalorather thanHalf-Life. There are very few original assets, even. What little “story” there is is delivered in poorly written monologues, and flashback sequences that break the game, both in terms of pacing, and, quite literally often don’t work correctly, all culminating in a confused nightmare of an ending.If you want to play something based inHalf-Lifethat’s an actual labour of love, and was good enough to land someone a job (that they weren’t even looking for) at Valve, then you should playMinervainstead. I’d also recommendThe Stanley Parable,Research and Development,Transmissions: Element 120, orFrom Earth. There are so many quality projects out there by people who actually understand what they’re doing, and have been making wonderful games."
,Not Recommended,399120,25614730,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,J o n e x,"A promising unofficial Half Life 2 spin off, that ultimately failed to live up to the expectations of its inspiration.As a massive Half Life 2 fan, I was very let down by Prospekt. The idea was solid, but the execution was sloppy. I think what I disliked most about the game was the fact that despite paying money for it, it ended up being worse than many free Half Life 2 mods out there.The level design is poor, there are very few new assets, and story-wise it fails to meet even mod standards. Some of the voice acting is well done, and the recycled voice work from Half Life: Opposing Force was surprisingly nice to hear. But everything else about this game disappointed me. Even my love for all things Half Life couldn’t get me to properly finish it."
,Not Recommended,399120,21307237,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Godo,"Do not misunderstand me, the game has a good atmosphere...but has NOTHING original and NEVER could be canon, the character could be anyone, but not Adrian Shepherd, he deserves a better story, a better presentation, this game can't give this.You start the game without weapons, and suddenly you have all weapons, you wake up on prospekt chapter, with a awesome ambient, you encounter some zombines, some headcrabs, some Antlions, and you think ''oh yeah, finally, half life is back bitc**'', ok, but suddenly after some chapters you are teleported to a combine high tech base, and you just kill hordes and hordes of combines until the ''end'' (meh for the end).Storytelling? None, just flashbacks with people talking random lines, no secondary characters, nothing, you start the story and end the story on the same way, no one talks to you (unless the vortigauns...on the start and on the end)Ok, i know, i know, ''the game has one creator!'', but i pay for that creation, so i'm gonna be fast, my top disappointments:-  Adrian has a crowbar, ok... but can you imagine SHEPHERD without wrench? without the barnacle? the entire game uses the same weapons as half life 2- You have a bazooka...for absolutely NOTHING, HALF LIFE WITHOUT BOSS- The game is good and nostalgic at the first chapters...then everything turns into a generic shooter gallery because the combine facility is so tight that you cannot breath without shoot someone- It's pretty ironic see the medpacks and shields everywhere (seriously, THEY'RE EVERYWHERE)  it seems that the own creator himself found the game hard as hell, i DOUBT he can play their own game on hard difficult without die every time.- The combines are strong as hell on hard difficult, even on medium the game starts be boring because you start to run, push button, die\loading, run, push button, die\loading- The flashback moments are FRUSTRATING, on a moment, i was on elevator then the flashback start, the screen changed the color and i cannot see nothing, BUT THE FLASHBACK CONTINUES EVEN WITH ENEMIES ON MY SIGHT, really? He just forgot that i cannot see nothing on scene?- Xen? REALLY? Some rocks flying on space? YOU CALL THIS XEN? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Wtf the combines are doing on xen, for christ sake what a mess scene- Why the game has so many combines? i cannot understand that, you kill, and kill, and kill a entire army (and remember...Gordon Freeman kill a lot of combines too...at the same time!), they just keep coming, it's a nightmare.- The game is 90% indoor chapters, and again...the final levels are tight AS HELL- Run, push button,run, push button, ''ok, you already talk about this'', yes but this it THE FINAL SCENE, half life franchise has so many cool enemies, why the final chapter was so....mechanic??I'm disappointed...WITH VALVE, seriously, this is a mod, should be a simple mod that you can download on moddb...this never could be an independent game, i will not refund, because i played 3 hours (this game has 2 hours), and I must learn to not spend money on mods hoping to have the experience of the official game."
,Recommended,399120,34400420,Posted: 21 August,all,Nixel,"Don't be scared off by the mixed reviews! This is a very solid source mod, with great voice acting, beautiful sceneries, challenging fights and an interesting story! It is a bit pricy, but if you wait for a sale, then that's no longer an issue. If you're too curious to wait though, then buy it at full price! That way, you'll support the developer and his team, so he can polish it even further, and make even more good games!"
,Not Recommended,399120,21298908,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Skjolbir,"This PAID MOD is nothing more than a corridor combine shooter simulator with a couple puzzles which consist of finding and hitting switches while combine shoot at you. There are infinite enemy spawns without the means to realisticly regenerate health, multiple instances where there are large open corridors with very little cover.From a game development student, I can tell you this game is poorly designed, and only a 2/5 on fun. There is hardly any story or plot to the game, with only a few PTSD (blinding) flashes which flesh out Adrian as a character a little bit, but consist of mostly trash talk between him and the other squaddies leading up to the Black Mesa incident in half life 1.Honestly, I would pay no more than three pounds for this game, and that is because I am being generous. If this mod was free, I would have stopped playing it halfway through, I only carried on because I had paid for it."
,Recommended,399120,23916428,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DiamondStar™,"Prospekt is a fan-made sequel to Half-Life Opposing Force, you take role as the HECU marine Adrian Shephard who has been awakened from stasis by vortigaunts to go help Gordon Freeman fight off the combine at Nova Prospekt (obviously the 2 don't cross paths just like they didn't in Opposing Force).PROS:-Better graphical detail & particle effects (looks amazing at max settings)-Increased ammo capacity for OSIPR-Tons of combine killing action-Combine soldiers new vocoder tone & a few new radio chatter lines.-XenCONS:-No wrench (will possibly be added in future updates)-Prologue cutscene is kinda long (though i'm not really bothered by it that much)"
,Recommended,399120,26393796,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,smk4elements,"As a die-hard HL-fanboy I had to have this one ... Bought it with -50% and didn't regret it! First of all: I think the problem most people have with this game is the price-tag ... Other mods (worse mods) don't get that much hate, cause they're for free - just my theory. Now to the hard facts ... Spoiler alert!PROS:- Adrian ""Mothereffin"" Shephard (best sidekick in the HL-universe besides Alyx imo)- You instantly get the typical HL-feeling- Music is great, especially the cues are really well placed- Sound is really neat (no wonder cause mostly original from HL2)- New soundeffects and voice overs are very well done - voice actors did a good job- Graphics ... no complaints here - great lighting/shadows/effects (sometimes a little bit too dark, flashlight is essential)- Great atmosphere overall (maybe because of the darkness haha joking aside: great (!) atmosphere)- Cool story bits here and there, especially cool link to the original OF (audio flashbacks)- Some cool little puzzles (unfortunately most of them are at the beginning of the game)- Nice enemy encounters, good variation, nice flow to the game- GMAN jump scare ... got me hooked at the beginning- Xen! (Spoiler?)- Nice twist in Leveldesign later in the game... The earth looks cool from space (Spoiler?)- The orbital sector-idea was fresh- Some nice little easter-eggs... I spotted an Aperture Science logo in close proximity to a portal, that was neat!- Drunk garden gnomes! (Easter-egg spoiler?)- Nice little details here and there- No technical problems at all, game ran smoothly till the end (played it October 2016)- Artistic feel to the game, you can sense the dedication of the developer (Cheers to Richard at this point! Respect!)- Well its Adrian Shephard so... he's cool- And don't forget the GMAN... he's also coolCONS:- Leveldesign is too straight forward, you often have the feeling that you're running through a pipe with nothing happening- Some parts feel a bit unimaginative, just run and gun ...- Major game design flaws: You get overwhelmed with health-items very often and enemies spawn like rats - feels like a railshooter sometimes- It's called Prospekt, but as far as I'm concerned it was waaaaaay too little Nova Prospekt and too much of Combine vanilla- Did I say too little prison-action? Well it's worth 2 cons imo, because that's really bothering me- Wasted potential: No prisoners (except two or three dead Vortigaunts), no prison daily routine, no sight of Gordon Freeman (although what I know it starts when Gordon is also in Nova Prospekt)- No real P.C.V. (maybe with update)- Enemy A.I. felt a bit dumber than in HL2- Story felt a bit meaningless at the end (""bossfight"" was more confusing than challenging)- Crowbar as the melee weapon? WTF? Why no pipe wrench? Strange, strange ...- No new weapons... at all (at least I expected new skins for standard weapons from HL2)- Way too little headcrab/zombie-action... if I remember correctly, there's only one zombie in the entire game, besides soldier-zombies- The dominant colors in this game are orange and blue... and I mean DOMINANT, just look at the screens- Way too many electrical lights, no sunshine at all in the game (not really a CON but ...)- Too many assets from HL2 (I get it, it's a mod - but at least new skins would be great!)- I really don't get the stealth bonus maps ... there's no real stealth mechanic in my opinion ... just Pac-Man in first person- Once again: It's called Prospekt and for me there wasn't enough ProspektSo my conclusion is: If you're a HL-fan, just buy it ... support a dedicated/passionate developer and it's more of the universe you love (even if it's not canon... just pretend it is)! If you're just interested because it looks cool and stuff ... play Half-Life 2, HL2: Episode 1 and 2, then Half-Life 1, HL: Opposing Force and Blue Shift and if you don't have enough with that go buy a copy of Prospekt!"
76561198013311859,Recommended,399120,21306792,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Snipes,"I have no idea why people are being so negative towards this game. It is not the latest installment of half life and there is no reason to judge so harshly on how the game was being developed, in my playthrough the only bug I could see was when the glass stairs turned invisible when you went behind them. I have to say the developer really did put a lot of hard work into making this game for the community which by the way he didn't have to continue the story of shepard, if he made the game as a custom story for the half life universe it still would have turned out great. The voice acting was very well done and so were the visuals with it being the source engine. I'll talk about xen and how suprised I was when I saw it, yes you weren't there for very long and it seemed to hold no purpose to the game itself but it is showing you how capable the engine is into making beautiful scenery. This is not the best mod out there and I do agree it would be worth less than $9.99 but I'm not going to go off and refund it if this guy plans on using the money to further his abilities into making games. I see it as an oppurtunity for him to look back on the mistakes he may have made here and further his skills later on in future games to come."
,Not Recommended,399120,21302636,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,😎 Turbo Man 😎,"I dunno why but a few weeks ago I had an urge to go through some great source engine mods, some over atrunthinkshootlive.com(Uncertainty Principle, Research & Development, Transmissions, etc) and others on Steam like Black Mesa and Portal Stories: Mel. Eventually I saw the steam page for this mod and the store description alone intrigued me to go pre-purchase it. It defo seemed like it would have a lot of potential and I assumed the price tag of £6.75 would mean I would get a premium quality mod with excellent level design, combat, puzzles and such.Well, there isn't really a way of saying this without being a♥♥♥♥♥♥knowing that the dev quit his job for this so here it goes...This is bad, like really bad. I usually like to put a ton of hours into a game before dismissing it as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but judging the the early reviews it only lasts a couple of hours anyway. Coming from someone who was mostly satisfied with Firewatch's length and value, the price for this is just too much. I don't even remember much from my 30 minute playthrough but here's some points I can recall that definitely annoyed me:-Babby tier puzzles-Bullet sponge combat even on easy difficulty. This wouldn't be so bad if there was actually ammo to collect, kek-The reskinned gloves look like silver surfer hands, why?-Boring level design-Silly billy writingI gave up when antlions kept respawning in dozens over and over and I had no idea where to go thanks to the quality level design.I wish Richard best of luck in his future endeavors but I just really can't recommend this. Perhaps the next project will be better?On the plus side, the voice acting is okay."
76561198041660038,Not Recommended,399120,21342693,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,GamerNinjaX,"I was really excited for this game, but honestly I dont really know what I was expecting; the guy who made this scrapped the game after one year in development and redid it for another year. This game has so much potential but has simple problems that really hold it back to make it a really frustrating experience. The biggest one that everyone talks about is the doubled health of all of the enemies, it really is a big problem that makes combat drag out more than it needs to. I dont mind more difficulty, but it should be a fun creative hard, not just a simple health ugrade. Another problem is the level design, it really makes the shooting sections drag out even more; a lot of the areas were just corridors, a hall full of enemies, more corridors, repeat, without the tasteful design that makes Half-Life 2 so great. There isnt a lot of variety here and I was more tired of going through the game then I was looking forward to it. The story is simple but it works. I really liked the voice overs from Shepards past, even though it is not canon it does at a lot to Shepards character and just the overall lore, it was a neat idea, I really liked the music too, I would definitely get this in a soundtrack form. Overall this game just left me disapointed, its ten dollars but its designed like a poorly done Half-Life mod. Its crazy that there are some fantastic mods for both Half-Life and Half-Life 2, yet this one, over many other greats, get greenlit. It's a shame this game is so lackluster and frustrating, I can only recommend this game if Steam sales butcher the price, but otherwise give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,399120,21350324,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Glubbable~ ❥,"Oh boy, it's been a loooong time since I've written a serious review, so I'm just going to summerize it instead.The Story?Lacking at best, the only form of story you get is that the Vortiguns found you in stasis and decided to bring you back in order to help Gordan Freeman during his rampage in Nova Prospekt, why you are needed is not known or explained at all and if I recall froml Half-Life 2, you are able to quickly overwhelm the prison garrison due to the endless swarm of Ant Lions. Even then, afterwards there is little to no context as to what is going on besides flashbacks and Gman occasionally pretending to jump scare you for a split second.The Gameplay?It can be summed up in one way: Run, Gun, Press Button, Enter an Exit, Repeat. With the occasional puzzles that are only intended to make sure you die in the game at least once or twice to them if you weren't already killed enough by the machine gun posts that you encounter in Nova Prospekt.The Graphics?Well besides everything having unneeded reflections, most of the game is just re-used Half-Life 2 assets, with the exception of the many fancy particle effects that have been added, while pretty neat, is let down by how old the Half-Life 2 assets really are in terms of quality.The Characters?The only form of characters you can get from this game are from the flashback moments while moving through the campaign, which explain about the events of Sheperds career until the Black Mesa incident, although, I don't recall the Black Mesa VO for Barney being present in the military and the VO for the Vortigans make me believe that I've been summoned into an ASMR.The Conclusion?Overall, this game is average at best, it felt like the first part of it was just tacked on to get Valve's attention, afterwards it just turns into a generic HL2 mod, while it's harsh to hear, that's the impression I got. I only recommend getting this if you really cannot withstand your thrist for more Half-Life related content as it's honestly just a let down to the game's name."
76561197992118764,Not Recommended,399120,22872770,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,V1k1,"I'm a big half life fan, and love the story of it. I have played through all HL games many many times. This one was disappointing. I read through other reviews and thought hey, if it's a small or one man team, I will understand. But no, this was just terrible. It was way to short, no bosses, and you feel like you're in the same area the entire time. It was just combine standing there as you shoot them and move to the next area, press a few buttons, and move to the next.I really was hoping for different areas, and more story, and more interesting events. I loved HL, HL2, and so on. They had events in them that make those games what they became. This game was a simple run and gun, press some buttons, and continue running and gunning.I'm sorry to the creator, but this was disappointing. I do appreciate your time and effot put toward the game, and hope to see more from you, as I still believe it's good to do what you do, I just think many people are going to be disapointed."
,Not Recommended,399120,25713958,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,♫GroovyGray♫,"I really was not happy with this modFirstly, im not saying its all bad so hear me out untill the end. Im just saying how I thought this was in my opinion, a waste of money for me.This game has some good aspects, infact im impressed on some visuals and level design from a mod. I would even go as far to say the level design and visuals are almost valve like, if not improved.My problem with Prospekt is the gameplay in general. Its non-stop shooting, fighting, and annoyingly long flashback sequences. Never will you encounter a friendly NPC, or even any new NPCs or weapons. I dont even own opposing force, but I would atleast of appriceated A new weapon from the origonal opposing force, or atleast be able to use all of the half life 2 weapons, alongside the 5 you are presented with, or at least reskin the crowbar to shepards pipe wrench.The part where you return to Xen was a nice touch, but the sequence was only for one level, and that level was extremely short, not even any Xen native creatures to fight, like bullsquid or even headcrabs. Just normal human combine soldiers. In short, its nothing like the origonal half life Xen, just a five minute filler part.There were multiple times where the levels would change and I would spawn in stuck in a floor, or in a wall, to wich I would need to use console to noclip out. Or the fact that ammo is sparsley given out, and health kits are given out almost every corner.I briefly mentioned this earlier, but theres also the annoying and repetative flashback scenes that happen. To sum it up quickly, The screens colors get nausiatingly inverted, and some diolauge between two, or three unnamed soldiers will play. Its mainly the same cliche stuff you would expect:  ""I hear of some aliens in black mesa!"" ""I dont believe theres aliens hah!"" ""Oh no the aliens killed all of us and were going to all die!"" ""Thats it drop the nuke! but leave three people behind for the sad moment!""This game should not be sold for 10$ because of how sometimes broken and boring this game can get. In my opinion lower the price to something much cheaper, or just make it free.I would not recomend to buy this game for the 10$ price, repetative story, cliché and expected plot, and lack of any immersion or interesting story.*Update*I have seen that some of the complaints I have covered are being looked at, when some are updated and shipped out into the game, I will re-play it and make another review going off from that. As of now, I still believe in the points listed in the review."
,Not Recommended,399120,21304235,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Erwin the German,"If you would like to experience the sensation of having your balls crushed in a vise whilst listening to Adrian Sheperd's horrible squadmates speculate whether the G-Man is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥him in the shower (I am not even joking) then you should play this glorified mod, which somehow got a ten dollar price tag.More seriously, eeehhh... it starts off good and almost immediately takes a nose dive in quality. The mapping is often blocky and inelegant, although the environments do get fairly pretty later on. There's a lot of gorgeous Combine architecture on display, and Xen makes an all-too short appearance. That aside, nothing about the map design suggests anything more than a utilitarian urge to drive the player further and further into incredibly difficult gunfights.Your main reason for avoiding this should be to save yourself the frustration of having to play it.If you insist on paying for this, please play it on normal. Or easy. You will save yourself a few headaches. I had to cheat in order to prevail during the last fight on Hard mode, and I was seriously tempted to cheat earlier on but managed to save scum my way through until the end. You will often be in critically short supply of health, armor, and ammo, while having to face nigh-inexhaustible hordes of Combine troops. I try not to exaggerate - Prospekt is intense and unforgiving. You can easily find yourself in a losing battle if you don't carefully ration supplies, or even if you're simply unlucky. Actually, if any of that appeals to you, go ahead and get it, but be warned and all that.Story? Meh. There's a threadbare plot about you helping Freeman through Nova Prospekt, which is advertised as though it makes up the bulk of the mod. That is a vicious lie - you will spend most of your time fighting through Combine facilities which all look suspiciously similar. You'll also experience the joy of Adrian Sheperd's post-traumatic reminiscences about the lead up to the events of Opposing Force, wherein his squadmates complain a lot and speculate whether the G-Man is gay. Once again, I am not kidding. None of this is relevant in any way to what goes on during the actual game, which is really the biggest issue here.The voice acting is good, though.What else? Nothing, really. I found this profoundly exhausting to play. I felt like I'd been physically assaulted once I was done, and almost automatically sought out the refund process on Steam; but alas, I had been playing for just over three hours, and am now stuck with my regret. Let that be a lesson to you, fair reader, and keep browsing!In fairness and in closing, I'll once again say that if incredibly difficult combat appeals to you, definitely get this. You'll find a battle worthy of you. If not, give 'er a miss.6/10"
76561198130622048,Not Recommended,399120,21396464,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,AkuAku,"- EXCESSIVE use of buttons!!!- Repetitive areas- Too much fighting. No immersion what so ever (this is not Serious Sam!!!!)- Xen has no purpose- Gman is depicted as a mute weirdo (in the end he just touches you and sais nothing)- The visual effect applied to the game during the flashbacks is just ""mind blowing""... VERYOVERALL SCORE: -6/10"
,Not Recommended,399120,21332351,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,iah,You press a lot of buttons and go through a lot of teleporters.
76561197991311077,Recommended,399120,25971354,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ls_K,"PRO:- good graphics (enhanced shadows,..);- good music ( reminds me of Silent Hill and Halo in some parts, which is good);- well balanced difficulty, not too easy and not too difficult;- overall level design is quite good, and definetly not nearly as bad as people here are saying;- the included Bonus Episodes are fun to play and challenging;CONTRA:- maybe a couple elevators too much..?;- only standard Half Life 2 weapons (but a new update will bring new weapons in the future);- the level design does not have the same high quality throughout the complete game;- the story is not very good, but the original Opposing Force Storyline wasn't either,so that's okay to me;Overall I can say, that Prospekt is a solid addition to the Half-Life Universe.Having in mind that this was developed by mainly one Person,I can gladly recommend a game like this."
,Recommended,399120,30119142,Posted: 23 February,all,Boo-qua,"Fricking god tier modding at its best. Another amazing addon to the Half-Life franchise.=PROS=-Badass music to jam out to-More weapon ammunition for certain weapons-New voice acting for the Combine, along with other side characters-A long, fun experience, filled to the brim with action, and a few puzzles here and there to keep it RUN. THINK. SHOOT. LIVE.=CONS=-AI for the Combine units can be rather difficult from time to time, the ending fight was difficult enough without the new artificial intelligence for the enemies.-When you finish the game, it feels like you didn't play much at all. More levels would definitely improve on this factor.-Some levels don't have enough detail to them, or are just too large, and don't appear to have an obvious continuation point. I spent 15 minutes on one section, because I couldn't see a damned vent! (Partially my fault, and partially the developer's fault, it's 50/50)-Pricing is a tad bit high, 6 or 7 dollars would be much more fair. It'd get rid of the whiny little kids who used their mom's credit card to buy this, and hate on it because it's not 'Lord GabeN's mighty works!'I don't see why people hate on this. Sure, the AI is difficult around some of the areas, but people getting stuck in certain areas is their own issue, not an entire playerbase-wide issue here. If you 'noclipped' to certain areas because you were 'stuck', you probably missed a button or something. It's not Half-Life without puzzles, kiddies, so remember that you'll have to THINK to get to the next level.All in all, Prospekt is a fun experience, I highly suggest you play it, regardless of the cons. If you love Half-Life, and simply will shank someone over the fact that Half-Life 3's not coming out for years at this rate, then buy Prospekt.I'm excited to see where this'll be heading, and I wish good luck for Rich's next game."
76561197976609786,Recommended,399120,34140249,Posted: 9 August,all,seize_the_night2000,"The bottom line for this game is that it is fun and wel worth its small price tag.The developer, Rich, has clearly spent many hours creating unique environments and special effects.  This effort pays off in giving the player an atmosphere that feels alien as he infiltatres the Combine base.  For example, the portals are quite impressive, especially when they give the player glimpses of parallel worlds.  The game also includes an impressive soundtrack.There are several clever puzzles that are different from what one experiences in the official Half Life games.  Although there were two times when I was confused about what to do, I eventually figured it out with just a little perseverance.   One of the times I was stuck was due to a ladder that I needed to take but was difficult to see.Some of the combat areas feel like arenas; however, if the combat starts to get frustrating, one can always tone it down through the options menu.  I never felt like I would run out of ammo, and there were plenty of opportunities to pick up additional health and armor.  Early in the game, there are a variety of enemies; in the second half however, you are only fighting combine troops which makes sense considering that your character is infiltrating their base.Graphically, there were only two errors that stuck out to me.  One was when the texture of two walls that met at a 90 degree angle did not really meld with each other.  The other was what appeared to be a white mesh near the bottom of the map when jumping through a Xen area (don't worry--the jumping puzzles are brief and easy).  This white mesh is likely an artifact from a mapping error.With these minor quibbles aside, the gaming experience is a satisfying 6 and a half hours.  Give it a try--it's a fun game!"
76561197971006612,Recommended,399120,26448511,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Screety,"Why the negative feedback? I was put off buying this right away because of some of the reviews, despite eagerly anticipating its release. I think it's great, and frankly a stunning effort from a single person without the massive resources that a large gaming company has access to.That said, a longer spell in Xen would have been nice and I think that some of the levels get a little bit samey after a while, but overall I thoroughly enjoyed it.I get the feeling, like most walks of life, that there's a bit of snobbery and superciliousness within the gaming community. People will always find spurious excuses to rationalise their prejudice and negativity, and for that reason I'm happy to be an outsider looking in because I reckon I have a whole lot more fun when it comes to games.Great job. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,399120,21302522,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[Cool-Vibrations],"This is just not worth $10, It's just not...A winter pass in Dota is better than this..."
76561198009837726,Not Recommended,399120,34858208,Posted: 10 September,all,Richter,"Here is my review of Prospekt and how I think the developer could make the game more of an enjoyable experience:I really wanted to like this game. I really did. I loved the original Opposing Force. I was hoping to see Adrian Shephard's story continued in a new and interesting way. The problem with this mod lies there -- it claims to be a sequel to Opposing Force, but offers nothing in that department. The most hint we get of the player even being Adrian Shephard all lies in the beginning and the random flashbacks that happen through the game. Other than that, it is just a new Half-Life 2 map pack. The original Opposing Force introduced new weapons, new enemies, and a new fully developed story line which was entertaining to play and interesting to see progress in. Here what you have is pretty much just a mappack for HL2. Mind you, this is great on its own. Some of the maps look BEAUTIFUL and push the Source engine to its limit. However, I think attaching 'sequel to Opposing Force' and selling it for $10 is a bad move. The developer trying to pull it together all on his lonesome is a bad idea for a liscensed game being published as a full sequel. $10! That's the price of the original Half-Life. I would excuse this if the game offered new enemies, or hell, even revisited old ones from Opposing Force. I would love to see Shephard wake up armed with nothing but his HECU armor and his combat knife/wrench, and fight his way through the combine. I truly would. But here what we have is a map pack which falls flat in what it aims to do. However, I don't want this entire review to be negative, and I would like to give the developer a list of things he could do to make the game better:-Fix Adrian's hands model. C'mon man, this is just the HEV suit but grey! Hire a modeller or hell, learn blender yourself and make a new mesh to rig up. It would make the game so much more immersive and believable.-Add new weapons! Right now this is the main contributor to the 'this is hl2 with different levels' trope going around. When Shephard returns to Xen, he could find a dead HL1 guard and pick up his iconic Desert Eagle from him. He could find a wrench in a toolbox in one of the prison cells. Anything! Hell, it'd even be acceptable if you re-incorporated some of the HL2 Beta weapons. It would be lovely to be playing as Shephard and get to use the Combine Sniper.-New NPCs! Add some new enemies for the player to face instead of Combine bullet-sponges. You could show that the Combine have been keeping Race X specimen in captivity and have an amazing fight sequence where Shephard has to escape before they tear the place up. Something like that would be a good callback for Op4 fans and would add a new element to the game. Instead we are fighting the same factions the entire game; Combine and Antlions.-Different environments! Every area in this game looks generic and has nothing new to it, they all look like they're part of HL2's ending and no new areas are really explored. What about a Ravenholm-type area? It would be sweet as hell to be playing as an HECU marine mowing down zombies with the M249. How about we see Shephard charging the streets and sweeping down combine like nothing? This would be a genuinely fun and memorable experience for players.Overall, I think this game falls flat because it claims to be a sequel (hell, it's twice the price of) Opposing Force but doesn't offer anything you can't already get from a free mod. There's no real new assets model wise, the enemies are the same. I wish the best for the Developer and his mod and I hope to see this game grow.5/10"
76561197996566071,Not Recommended,399120,21531765,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,okierider,"This game ,while looking nice, has no plot.... Just running through endless gunbattles. The guns you recieve with the exception of the revolver, which shortly after you get it the game quits giving you ammo for, are not effective.All of the halflife games were story driven, if you have no story, what is the point!!!"
,Not Recommended,399120,21370855,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,gwynbLeidd,"I'm not gonna be even mad at you, even though I paid for this.Let's take a look at what has been offered to us and what we got;Substantial, highly-polished and totally new addition to the Half-Life 2 universe, comparable to Half-Life 2: Episode One in length---->According to what I saw on youtube videos, some guys really rushed this in an hour but if you play it at a normal pace it'll take at least 4 hours.Developed by one person, 25 year old Richard Seabrook---->This is good for just a person, but...Official Valve approval for Half-Life 2 license and assets---->...obviously you couldn't use what you've given exactly right, no offence.Standalone PC game built using the Source engine - no requirement for Half-Life 2---->Oh, thank god.Continues the story of Opposing Force, Gearbox Software’s (Borderlands) update that tells the original Half-Life 2 story from the perspective of the Marines.---->Actually it does tell nothing, seriously.This is the most heartbreaking part of the game.Gordon Freeman is cornered and being overrun by soldiers in the Nova Prospekt prison; the player controls US Marine Adrian Shephard - the unsung hero - as he’s teleported in by Freeman’s Vortigaunt allies to help fight back.---->OK.13 new levels featuring fully-scripted puzzles and action sequences, all carefully integrated into the Half-Life 2 story---->Seriously, there are no puzzles or anything close to them.And those blue, moving, laser parts later in the game made me wanna kill myself.In addition, there's nothing integrated into the Half-Life 2 story.Substantial graphical updates over the original game, including but not limited to:-New Textures-New Models-Updated high resolution Combine soldier skins with improved normal mapping-Updated high resolution textures-Updated lighting-Higher resolution models-Increased cube mapping-Over 20 new particle effects-Modded HUD-Modded VGUI-New player model skin---->Nothing looks new, if there were any changes, I'm pretty sure I'd see it. (If we compare it to Black Mesa Source, we can see a lot of changes for example)Return to Xen---->That... is not even Xen.New voice acting---->OK, this was OK.New music---->Music was OK.New AI improvements, such as soldiers attempting to undo the player’s actions ----> I saw this only at the end of the game.That's all.I'm not gonna spoil it, don't worry.Anyway, long story short: My expectations were really high but, this game didn't quite live up to them and overally to the hyphe of the people who all were waiting for it as far as I can see.Even if you're a hardcore fan of the Half-Life series (I am), I don't and honestly I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,399120,21568924,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Colonel Panic,"""my nostalgia got the best of me""As a huge fan of Opposing Force, I was giddy to hear there was a Valve-sanctioned entry in the HL universe created by a member of our glorious community. Hustling to the store page, I read some reviews and was apprehensive at first glance. But, like any other Half-Life fan, my nostalgia got the best of me. ""How bad could it be?"" I asked myself as I shelled out the purchase price.My video of how bad it wasThe First 2 HoursStuck for 5 minute unskippable intro sequenceDensely packed enemy groups. 5-10 Combine soldiers seemingly around every cornerCheaply implemented ""scripted"" environmental sequences that make you question your intelligence.Flashback sequences slow your character to a crawl, extending your play time unwillingly.Level design is basic copy/paste fare from pre-existing HL2 levels. I know, this is about Nova Prospekt....My opinion is that this is likely to keep you busy/frustrated and surpass the 2hr refund window.To be fair, I didn't ask for a refund. This developer needs all the money he can get so he can broaden his game design knowledge.If you expect a semblance of coherent game design, do not buy this game. As others have beaten to death before, this game is certainly not worth the price of admission. This would have been a fun mod to play back in 2007, but that's it. If you are a fan of old-school, punishing, unrelenting torment every time you turn a corner... good luck, have fun."
,Recommended,399120,33059685,Posted: 30 June,all,That just happened,"Impressive, if you consider the game was made by just one man. But maybe he should have asked some friends to help not only with VO.Maybe I was just expecting too much after Black Mesa, but... I wouldn't recommend this to anyone but hardcore HL fans, who play almost anything HL-related and are used to variable quality of such products.I'm choosing green here only out of respect to all the work of a single man, but I wouldn't advise to buy this at full price. Don't get your hopes high with this game."
,Recommended,399120,32185675,Posted: 4 June,all,D3LTA,"I DIDN'T THINK I'LL PLAY A GAME THAT HAS THE SAME QUALITY AS THE ORIGINAL HALF-LIFE 2 SERIES.It's so great & amazing, I can't find more words to describe how amazing it is.At first I thought it's a bad mod but it turned to be the best mod for Half-Life 2, crossovered with Half-Life Opposing force, playing as ""Shephard"" to help Gordon Freeman behind the scenes.Anyway, I extremely recommend you to try the game.Notes you may need to know before buying:- No achievements :(- You need to know who's ""Shephard"" before playing the game (From HL Opposing force, which also related to HL1)- Spoiler but worth it [Spolier] You'll visit the space and witness amazing places (Same as Freeman has been in the HL1 but this time it's in the new Source Engine :D ).[/spoiler]Music: 10/10Story: 9/10Game view & scenes: 10/10Gameplay: Source Engine, so it's 10/10"
76561198125774988,Recommended,399120,26211249,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,juiceslinger,"This isn't a BAD game, it just isn't that good. I'd still reccommend it, but only if you can get it on sale. I got 50% off, so it was $5, and yeah, that's about what it's worth I'd say. Unless you're an absolute diehard half life fan, then I probably wouldn't reccommend buying this for $10. Overall, I will click the reccomend game button, but I wish there was a neutral button, because while this game does feel pretty half lifey, it isn't the best mod I've played.On a side note, the maker dedicated this to their Nan, who died of cancer in 2015. I think that's pretty sweet of them. :)"
,Recommended,399120,30330351,Posted: 4 March,all,D0ubl_3,"Couple things you should know about this game.1. This game is based in the Half Life Universe, No it is not HL3, No you do not play as the Freeman2. This game is good.3. THIS GAME IS VERY DIFFICULT.ProsGood GameplayGood StoryConsDifficultyThe last level will make you want to kill yourself. 10/10"
76561197972266902,Not Recommended,399120,21377128,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ShivanDragon,"This was  well put together with some good  puzzles, great combat and level set up. My biggest issue was that the story  line was very poorly put together and almost non existent.  It really does not tie into half life 2 at all.  I bought this game because I'm going crazy waiting for half life 3 and I thought some more storyline from half life would help tide me over. This was not the case and I feel like i wasted my money."
,Not Recommended,399120,21307549,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Akka,"Another regretful purchase I jumped on thanks to the HL2 hype train having vanished into another dimension.Swarms of mobs soak in way too much damage and are far too plentiful. I died more often in half an hour of this mod than in all of hl2. I'm not sticking around to see how much harder it gets.Difficulty aside, there simply isn't enough original content in this package to warrant spending any time, let alone money on it.Another one added to the refund list, mmhmmm~"
76561197988903500,Not Recommended,399120,21301146,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Jo291,"If it was a free mod then I would have been giving this a positive review, but as a game there just isnt enough here to warrant a price. You can tell that a lot of work was put into this, especially with the voice acting and sound design and soundtrack but not enough work to warrant it being a full on game I think.If I can put it another way, Black Mesa proved to me through all of its custom content, new engine, modability, and fully working multiplayer, that it was worth a pricetag, this did not.Its a shame, because If the dev had kept it as a mod Im sure that the modding community would have embraced it with open arms as a solid piece of work. But I really have to say that changing what was going to be a free mod to paid at the last second is a really scummy thing to do."
76561197998213726,Not Recommended,399120,21410514,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Troop,"Don't buy this game. Read players review first.1) Boring. Many, many packs of combines.2) Short.3) No achievements.It could be not so bad if it doesn't cost some money."
,Recommended,399120,27215305,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Swamplord,"It's funny to think that, in this era of gaming we can pay for a mod. Not to mention for a 10+ year old engine. It's not that bad, it's cheap, has the HL2 feel that we still crave and by purchasing this you support a small developer.Think of it this way, you know how there's an abundance of RPG Maker games on Steam? Well this is the same vain. It's not hurting anyone by being on the store, and it's better than all the shovelware that's come out these days.All hail the Source Engine, still doin' it's thing in 2016 ;)"
,Not Recommended,399120,28363623,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,liQuid,"I really appreciate that somone took the time and effort to make a half life spinoff, i really do.Visually, this game is a win. Atmosphere is great (sound could be a tad better), room design and everything is wonderful.But the gameplay is very stale. Always walking straight ahead. No puzzles. It's either kill 1 or 2 dudes in a room, or be locked in a room and survive 20-30. Very boring.Too bad, I was really hyped about playing sth in the HL universe again.Maybe next time, if the developer listens to the reviews!"
76561198086551043,Recommended,399120,30733524,Posted: 25 March,all,Pyrocrusher_,"For all of you that are complaining about the game: The game is actually really fun. I played it all straight through in about 2 hours. Granted the game has a problem with the ammount of enemies there are (especially in the ending chapter). It uses the source engine to the fullests extent and I think the level design is great in some cases... You will really have to pay attention to your surroundings in this game to make it fun, so a word of advice I have is to conserve all ammo. The only other problem I have is how it is $10, it should be about $5.EDIT: I just started to play this game again after looking at the update log. The game got a WHOLE lot easier, so now it doesnt take three shotgun shots to kill a combine, only one shot is needed (on easy). The game has gotten better, but the loading screens are longer and I keep getting lag spikes. My system is pretty damn good and considering I just started to play the game again and didnt touch it before that, I shouldnt be getting lag spikes, since last time my settings were as it is, it was fine."
76561198083140597,Not Recommended,399120,24094391,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Theater Thug,"I love Half-Life: Opposing Force. It's my favorite game of all time and I am just as eager to see Adrian Shephard return to the HL series as anyone else. While we don't have HL3 and probably won't for years, there have been quite a few mods taking place from Shephard's viewpoint once again. Prospekt looked very promising; surely this was to be the ultimate homage to OP4 while properly reviving Adrian Shephard. So, is it the great mod we were hoping for? Simply: No. If you're a casual HL fan stop here, don't waste your time and money on this lousy mod. If you love HL like me, get on your hazmat suit and get out your pipe wrench, because it's time to disect why Prospekt isn't a worthy successor of OP4.The opening levels of Prospekt are surprisingly very well made. Instead of throwing you right into the action there are a series of genuinely well crafted physics puzzles that feel right at home with HL2 and its episodes. Right off the bat you'll notice this game has no gravity gun, one of the most iconic HL weapons. I actually really like this, it has more of an oldschool HL feel and the opening stage's puzzles are more impressive as they differ moreso from the gravity gun based physics puzzles of the other games. The combat starts in the first chapter as you fight again onslaughts of antlions and Nova Prospekt soldiers, and immediately it feels unbalanced. Granted I played on hard mode (I have played every official HL game a million times on hard mode) but even then some of the initial firefights are too difficult, but not to the point where it ruins the experience; after all, OP4 was one of if not the hardest HL game. The opening levels do share traces of genuis with the original HL games, however. The combat is still great fun, the puzzles are well made, and there's a fantastic and clever scene in which Shephard goes through the portal in the collapsing teleport room seen in HL2 (this is a subtle parallel to when Shephard originally entered the portal after Gordon in OP4.) There's a teleportation sequence and for an extremely exciting moment the Borealis is glimpsed. At this point in Prospekt, the mod is so good and clever that it actually feels like another episode in the Half-Life 2 series. This fun continues in a fantastic indoors urban environment, a former Soviet bunker - this feels right at home with the other HL2 episodes. The combat here is challenging but well balanced, and the soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥as well. The bunker plays out to this underground-citadel type area...now this is where the story stops making a whole lot of sense. At least afterwards there is a brief but quite fun return to Xen, which looks totally refreshed in the Source Engine. After Xen, Prospekt becomes awful. The second half of the game is nothing but infuriating firefights with onslaughts of combine soldiers again, again, and again in increasingly lazy level design. The story takes an absolute nose dive as we see the Combine are in space and have sent out an army of transhuman soldiers onto a space station (why were there that many men aboard? what's the point? shouldn't they be on the ground fighting in the uprising, which chronologically should be taking place as Adrian fights his way through?) Even the music starts sounding goofy and stock as there's a comically over the top reveal of Earth as seen from outerspace. All of this builds up to an awful, AWFUL climactic sequence with even more hoards of combine soldiers. Speaking of which, the opening levels of Prospekt have a nice enemy variety: soldiers, antlions, occasional hunters and zombies, but the second half of the game ditches this for mass after mass of soldiers.Throughout the entire mod Adrian flashes back to memories of his buddies at boot camp before going to Black Mesa. I like this a lot, there are countless (subtle) references to OP4 that oldschool fans will appreciate. This is one of the few aspects that makes Prospekt feel like OP4. That being said the mod feels nothing like OP4. Remember the decked out, badass arsenal of OP4? It's been stripped down to roughly half of the original HL2 arsenal. Now in a game like Blue Shift where you're supposed to feel ill equipped this could work, but instead the once mighty Adrian Shephard feels like a weakling who barely has any cool guns. I get it developer, it's hard, costly, and time consuming to make new weapons. But at the very least some of the cut HL2 Beta weapons could have been reintroduced; hell, some of them like the sniper rifle or machine gun would actually have made this feel much more like OP4.At the end of the day, Prospekt is a mod that's too good to be a simple HL2 mod but nowhere near good enough to live up to the real HL series. Is it worth ten bucks, or five on sale? Oh god no. There are much better mods out there, even on Steam, that you can get for free - Minerva is a prime example. Prospekt doesn't understand its roots, which is sad seeing as the creator clearly appreciates OP4 and went out of his way to reference it. But the awful, clunky gameplay of Prospekt steals 3 hours of your life that you could have spent replaying the exciting rollercoaster ride of amazing action, great story, and memorable characters that is the true Half-Life: Opposing Force."
76561197971747031,Not Recommended,399120,28873883,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,FraGmenToR,"Unless its a stupidly cheap sale.  Then dont bother.  You can tell that the developer has basic level designing skills.  Some of the enviroments do look good, but they dont play especially well.  I think there are countless mods out there that are much better (and free).  So charging for this seems a bit much in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,399120,21326541,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Nidoran,"Please, don't waste your time or money on this game.Here's everything wrong with it:There's no plot other htan a two-minute voiceover at the beginning telling you how you need to assist Gordon Freeman from behind the scenes.The gameplay is extremely repetetive. Go into a room, kill some enemies, press a button or two, rinse and repeat.No new enemies or weapons.No weapons that made Adrian Shephard unique (no aliens, Desert Eagle, or wrench).Puzzles are laughable. Most literally amount to finding a button and pressing it.Hardly any enemy variety. About 90% of enemies you encounter are Combine soldiers. Near the beginning there's a few headcrabs and barnacles, then there's some antlions, and a grand total of one Hunter midway through.The dev tried to make it harder, but loaded every other room with health and batteries, making it completely unnecessary. However, it still takes 20 shots from your MP5 to take even one Combine soldier down.The music wasn't that great. I'd argue that it was pretty forgetable as far as video game OSTs go. (I only mention this because quite a few reviews say the soundtrack is one of the few good parts of the game, but I wouldn't even give it that much credit.)It's just not worth the money. Spend your ten dollars on literally anything else."
,Recommended,399120,30946498,Posted: 4 April,all,itsallgut csgobig.com,This game is great for people who liked Half Life.
,Not Recommended,399120,22552984,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,brianthesnail,"Right... before i begin prospekt is a good mod but not a game .. and really shouldnt be sold ... minerva is better than this and is still free to download and play ...then again theres some nice work here and good battles,however is it me but are some area,s identical to others but with different textures ....and the storyline is limited and hard to graspoverall a good mod (again not a game ) but should be sold for less than £4 and not £7-50 .....i would like to be more positive but i cant"
76561198040360229,Not Recommended,399120,21303990,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,O'Maley,"I really wanted to like this game. There is a sign of passion from the creator who made this game that wanted to be shown here. I pre-ordered this when it first came known to the public. Sadly, I cannot reccomend this game at $10. The idea of playing Cpl Shepard is a really good idea but the idea fell short for many reasons. My biggest problem was the story felt very uncomplete, you are one place to another and you have no idea what is going on. The background story of Shepard hearing his past is scripted and voiced very nicely, but does not feel that it adds anything to story. I went in with questions about the story and I came out with more questions. How did this help Freeman? What was the backstory for? Too many unanswered questions for a 2 hour game.Game play feels like Half-Life 2 (which is good), the maps were very cool to look at, and I love the voice acting. But there was no custom models thought put into this game. Shepards arms are just a reskin of the HEV suit, no new guns, nothing new honestly. except the voices.I really wanted this to be good for the creator, but this feels unpolished and very borning due to the not big changes in the game. I'd wait for this to come down in price before buying. I see others saying there were bugs, I did not run into any.Pros:+ Music+ Voice Acting+ Some creative maps to look atCons:- Way too short- Story is lacking with too many questions- No custom models (HEV skin)- Only fight Combines the whole entire time.- Shoot outs are frustating because of the big armies sent to fight and you don't have strong enough weapons to fight back without having to reload multiple times."
76561197990779475,Recommended,399120,34432496,Posted: 23 August,all,chmbr,"A decent game if you're itching for more Half-Life action. Be aware that the signature Valve pacing is not present. You'll fight many waves of Combine soldiers, without much suspense building or environmental puzzles. Some of these combat encounters are great, but most feel pretty generic, pitting you against large numbers of soldiers in bare hallways and rooms. There are major difficulty spikes throughout the game. The level design could use some work but I will say that they were visually interesting. The music is pretty decent. Worth buying if on sale, I'd say. Otherwise, $10 for 5 hours of gameplay is too much."
,Recommended,399120,21493132,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,HI11BI11y,"Nice example of how to create a standalone game on your own, but a bad example of game devlopment. Could have been longer and a little more inexpensive, still it is impressive because it`s excellent programing of AI, it`s new textures, returning to Xen, these are all created by Richard Seabrook alone. Good job, Rich, but you better find more people to help. 6/10"
,Recommended,399120,26171083,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,[ phenom.pl ] Sir_Fred,"ProspektI see how much hard work have been put here by one person Richard Seabrook alone and I'm really impressed how good result he achieved - BRAVO! :)If you like Half-Life 2 and want it more, this game is absolulety must-play for you.Have fun! :)"
,Recommended,399120,26183414,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,laser,"I was expecting a lot from a follow up to half life and this didn't fail me.It's got an amazing story aswell as bonus levels, puzzles and is just an overall incredible game.I'd say buy the other half life  games or you'll not get a bit of the game  as it's got similar challenges and puzzles. It is quite short so I'd suggest making more episodes like you did with half life 2.Buy this game, It's worth it."
76561197971283196,Not Recommended,399120,25625448,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lt.Flopp,"Overpriced and boring, very repetitive. Don't buy this game unless it's on sale for a dollar or two..."
,Recommended,399120,26170824,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Immortalhawk383,"An awesome inspired sequel to Halflife opposing force if you wanted to know what happened to Sheppard then let me explain what happens in the beginning.Prospekt takes place in nova Prospekt which is why you will be playing mostly indoors.After opposing force, you beat this giant monster then get teleported to gman, after that gman seals you in a place where no harm can be done and where no harm can go to you and that's where this mod comes in.the new stealth mode is awesome as well, you get to sneak past combine to get to the goal.why all the negative reviews? I bet they do this to all mods half-life-based. cause that's what I'm seeing. it's sad if so.And now it's time for my game analysis,Graphics/bugs: No FPS lag whatsoever, just some graphical ones like texture cut-offs nothing much that can crash the game unless you use sv_cheats. but there isn't a mod that's perfect unless you spend years perfecting textures. I give it a 9/10Storyline: Well the game begins as you playing as the main soldier Sheperd who has woken up from a dark place where he can do no harm and where no harm can come to him, the vorts tell you what going on and what has happened while you were out. and the game begins. I give that a 10/10 because it makes sense. I also give a 10/10 because the game puts up a very hard challenge if you put the game on hard mode.not to mention the new stealth mode maps.Overall: I'm not gonna go through all the details but overall this game or ""mod"" as most of you guys call it gets an average 9/10."
,Not Recommended,399120,31313700,Posted: 23 April,all,_67alecto_OZ_,"From purely an achievement aspect, bravo to the modder that made this game and got it onto the Steam store.From the HL canon perspective, I didn't take much from this game.  It's short - it took me 3 hours to beat the game.  Because it's a HL2 mod set in the HL universe, gameplay and level design elements are what you'd expect.The reason I don't give this game a thumbs up is that I think it wasted the hype about having Adrian Shepard at Nova Prospekt while Freeman was there.The premise is that the G-Man/Vortigaunts wake Shepard from the stasis he's been in since the end of Opposing Forces because Freeman needs help due to ""angering the others"".  It would have been awesome if the story had been fleshed out to be that you had to complete objectives that directly tied into Freeman's jaunt through Nova Prospekt - taking out guards, sabotaging defenses, etc.  Instead, you find yourself wandering the prison for a a short time before stepping into a teleporter that takes you to a Combine facility.There's never a clear objective of what you're supposed to be doing as it pertains to the story...it's fight, press a button, move to the next room.  Rinse and Repeat.  The only story elements you get are occasional voice overs that happen at random times which are from the time immediately before being deployed to Black Mesa.  They don't offer any new insights (training is hard, the G-Man has been hanging around, their squad leader is a jerk, etc).  There's a jaunt to Xen, which thankfully is short.  For one stretch of a level, the game practically becomes a platformer as you have to walk through a series of corridors that are filled with beams that kill you - you need to time your movements to get through them.  They seemed very out of place (I was thinking of Galaxy Quest's random crushers they need to get past).Get the game if you want something new to do in the HL universe, but don't expect Half-Life 1.75."
,Not Recommended,399120,24930384,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Overpriced and boring. I had to quit the game because the design was very poor and the plot was absent, it bored me so much I had to quit. I will get back to the game when I have nearly nothing else to play (or when I can play only on holiday on the laptop, given that source games are very light to run). But considering that many source games, add ons and mods were FREE, this uninspired and uninvolving little game doesn't really deserve 10 euros tag price. Buy it very very cheap.I'm sorry to post a review without having played the whole game (I don't do that almost at all), but I thought I had to warn other people. The game lasts one hour without deaths, so I guess I was already at about half of it...."
,Not Recommended,399120,21304787,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,"I mean, it's not *as* bad as some of the reviews are panning it out to be but... it's pretty bad.Here's a few things that bugged me:Shepard and Xen are gimmicks to sell the ""game"" (Xen appearing for a grand total of 10 minutes if you take your time to go through it, but why would you since it looks pretty bad)No new weapons, everything taken from HL2 which was pretty disappointingAll interiors, outdoors so limited and closed off it's not worth mentioning.Entire game runs on a loop. The loop being as follows:Eyecandy -> Road to Big Room with some enemies -> Big Room with enemies that attack you in wavesNo meaningful plotExtremely short, you could beat this and refund it if you're quick enough.etc.To be fair, the ""game"" has some fun set pieces, but overall it's made by one person and it shows. It's nowhere near as awful as other reviews make it out to be, but it's still pretty bad. Considering the wealth of other awesome (not to mention free) Half-Life 2 mods out there, this isn't worth playing at all."
,Recommended,399120,21307625,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sweesh LeeCoor,"Let me start off by saying that this game is okay. It's not awful, but it's not very good either. It genuinely kept me entertained for the 3 hour game time.The good parts:-The music is amazing. It really captures that ""Half-Life"" style.-There were some really great parts, such as the beginning and when you see Earth. These parts made me feel like I was playing a Valve game-The flashbacks to Shepard's friends were cool. They gave him more character.The Bad Parts:-It's too short. If the game had more time, then maybe it's parts wouldn't seem so rushed.-It's very repetitive. All the fights were ambushes and you only fight combine.-Too much fighting. You never have time to rest and take in what's happening.-There's not really a story-The story has no affect on Half-Life 2-Why was Gordon in trouble and how did the events of this game help him? These are never answered-It's way too hard. I couldn't finish the final battle without cheatingIn the end, this is the work of one man. For one person to make a game like this is admirable, but this game is not as good as I hoped. I hope the developer listens to this feedback and uses it to make his next game even better."
76561198044556548,Not Recommended,399120,21504629,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,arraen,Pros:- HL2 universe related- Story line is not completely badCons:- buggy- Maps design is ugly (after brilliant HL2 maps this looks boring)- At some locations there is infinite numbers of enemiesSo it's playable. But there is many better ways to spend your money and 3 hours of time.Only one question - what this guy done to receive approval from Valve?
,Not Recommended,399120,21316403,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Darakuu,"Not worth the money. This was a two years job, but from the looks of it this project has been worked on and off with very long pauses from the author. Basic game design concepts are missing, balancing is awful and the final fight is extremely simple and cheeseable."
,Recommended,399120,24265226,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SovietSpaghetti ☭,"Anyone thats a Fan of Half Life 2 and / or Opposing Force will enjoy this game...I completed it in 3.9 hours, A litle short for the price and could of done with more boss fights.The 3rd Party Creator has done good with the fan fiction and Story, But It could of been told a bit more in depth and clearer.As a long time fanatic/fan of The Half Life Series and this game bringing back the Nostalgia of Adrian Shepard (HECU) from HL1 - Opposing Force I rate it a 8/10"
,Recommended,399120,31848566,Posted: 19 May,all,Tafu,Nice Bonus To The Half Life Universe If You're Hungry For More.
76561198116391409,Recommended,399120,24985173,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Pakikakiker,"When Prospekt was first released, it went beyond dissapointing. Combine were overpowered and felt ill-equipped for the maps, cover was nonexistent, ammo was scarce yet plentiful when it wasn't needed, gameplay was linear, and that barely scratches the surface. However, many improvements have been made since then, and Richard seems to truly care now that we get a proper Opposing Force sequel. While it's nowhere near perfect, though probably at the level of a pretty good mod, this game is clearly going somewhere and I think it's important that people support Rich so that, eventually, we'll get something great."
76561198163240230,Recommended,399120,34311796,Posted: 17 August,all,Jackadaisical,"The game is fantastic. Not to difficult or easy, great story, get to play as Adrian Shepard, and unlike back then, the flashbacks dosn't blind you. The only complaint I have on this game is the Xen level. In my opinion, the level is way to short. Overall, if you are considering this game as a buy, please do, it's worth the money."
,Not Recommended,399120,21324735,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Clades King of Spades,"I really wanted to like this, I tried. But its exactly like everyother hl2 mod. A few new textures, some voice acting, no real draw to playing it."
,Not Recommended,399120,21432833,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Fëanor,"Pros:-it takes place in the Half Life Universe and since it was allowed to be sold on Steam by Valve themselves it can be considered canon to the story (though not much story to be told...)-cool effects-some nice ""I see what the developer did there""-momentsCons:-10 years late-too many repetetive fight sequences, often with frustrating combine OP-ness (they are smarter and tougher which is good and bad at the same time)-basically HL2 levels from nova prospekt (duh) and citadel minus gravity gun-roughly 3 hours gameplay (ok it's a mod or whatever but it has little to no replay value)-HOW THE HELL DO THE COMBINE KNOW THE PLAYERS NAME IS SHEPHARD?!?!?Overall not worth the 9,99€, bought it at 8,99€ and I would recommend it only if it's under 5€"
76561197972368628,Not Recommended,399120,21366321,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Unpainted Huffheinz,"Pretty disappointed in this game since I am a HUGE HL2 fan. Very unoriginal, no new weapons, stunningly boring first half hour of game play. It seems to be be getting better as you go along, but I don't know if I have the pateince. I understand this is one guy doing the whole expansion, which is pretty overwhelming I imagine, but it is what it is. Not even worth $8.95."
76561197973448864,Recommended,399120,21378560,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,weston330,"Hats off and WELL DONE. Time spent developing the game was obvious. A delightful trek  in the typical  Freeman domain with the emphasis on quality. With so many current offerings on the steam website that are not even worth the pixels  to  light up  the screen this was  refreshing. As a first offering this will have the Half Life masses drooling in anticipation for futiure games from this developer.  I normally do  not pre-order games but took a chance on this and it is actually far better than i had anticipated. Keep up the quality good work. Take a good rest but not too long, we are waiting for next one."
,Recommended,399120,21380655,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DingbatZiggy,10/10
,Recommended,399120,30485049,Posted: 12 March,all,Wartrain,"Prospekt is a lot of fun, as a first person shooter.I'm not a particularly great FPS player, but did find that most of the game was literally a blast, especially if you keep your aim at enemy heads.Some have said this game is 'too hard' or nonsensical babble about the AI having too much health. That is just a bunch of whining by players who either don't like shooting shooters, or who cannot play at all. My advice would be to double whatever HP the game currently has... I always had plentiful ammo, and only got into slight trouble when wildly shooting, especially if taking body shots.One hit from the .357 drops any soldier. One hit with the combine grenade drops a hunter.The sentry guns were all easy to take out, lost very little life to them... could just run around many of them, pick them up, and put them in the corner. Grenades make it too easy. :)This is a full game.It costs $3.37 during the sales (I bought mine at Christmas 2016). Anyone complaining about cost should be perm-banned for life from all FPS worldwide if they think 3 bucks is too much, or the game is 'too short'.Complaints about weapons (e.g., no new ones, no wrench, etc.) should be made from your prison cell, where your incarceration for whining can help you reflect on how you became a spoiled brat ;).The music is very good.The back story about a young-un (Richard Seacorp) extending Adrian Shepard's story by himself and as a calling card for Valve is interesting, but make no mistake... this $3 game (or $10 at full price) is obviously not a $70 game, and is infinitely better than any HL 2 game produced by Valve in the last 7 or 8 years. Of course, I personally would pay $100 for a properly done and fully complete Valve HL 3, but then I make that much in a couple hours. I'd pay the same for a copy for my young relatives.For the kiddies and complainers that have no clue about game development, this Prospekt took roughly 2 man-years to create, in first iteration. It would take about 2 to 3 years for 60 people to make a full-on $70M budget AAA HL 3.Since many do not seem to realize, Valve is a corp.; the purpose of a corp is to make profit. Though I and many other fans ""want"" (and would pay $$$) HL 3, the numbers and corp. risk do not seem to make sense right now for Valve to do it. But that is a different discussion.I would like Richard to continue to produce new HL standalone titles.If you get 3 to 5 people together and make a more sweeping game, super. If you make another solo effort in this vein, great. :)Prospekt is fun. And that is the point of a game. Thank you Valve for allowing Richard to do this.Great job!ːgordonː"
76561197985402736,Recommended,399120,26189825,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,tomas_m38,Trying at times and did ask for refud but rescind this request  now as managed to get through the tough part that  frustrated me to ask for refund! Really enjoyed the story and recommend to all Half Life fans!
,Recommended,399120,34399203,Posted: 21 August,all,thatmusicguy,"So I finally broke down and bought this game since this week it's only $2.49.Honestly, I don't understand the complete hate in some of the reviews of this game. Yes it has it's flaws, yes... it is a $10 mod. But all in all, this game found a way to suck me into it. Sometimes I didn't understand where I was supposed to go. The little flashback effect they used on the screen eventually got in the way to the point that I started just waiting for the flashback to finish before playing again. But really those are the only things I found wrong with the game. A game that is supposed to be a WIP, If I am understanding the posts from the creator correctly.I guess my point here is that Prospekt has potential to be a really solid mod, but in it's current state I have mixed feelings.If you're going to try this one, this week would be the week to do so while it's on sale.I feel like this mod isn't a cash grab, but I also feel like hardcore HL players should beware. You will most likely finish the game thinking.. ""Really? Is that it?"""
76561198070562895,Recommended,399120,34481257,Posted: 25 August,all,Ahsoka,"This is a great mod and a good story reel for Adrian. The only thing I really wish had more time and development in it was the brief Xen portion. Aside from that, all around great game."
76561198194446134,Recommended,399120,33617837,Posted: 17 July,all,Spookynator11,I felt like I was playing half life opposing force with better graphics because of how tough it was. I will give you some constructive criticism.  The developer commentary did not work and then it deleted the data on the rest of the developer commentary saying I needed to complete all the chapters for  the commentary after I beat the game. I think getting swarmed by the combine twice in a row in the All Seeing Eye chapter was a bit much and challenging but I like a good challenge.  I would also like to point out that black forest is not in the game but that  might be because your still developing it so no pressure there.  The Xen level had amazing graphics but it was a bit mundane.  Also in the last game Half Life Opposing Force Adrian Sheppard had night vision goggles and not a flash light.  The core level is next to immpossible on hard mode.  Keep up the great work I can't wait until it's fully released.
,Recommended,399120,33443966,Posted: 10 July,all,jv_bh,"Just an awesome game. Loved the updated Half-Life 2 graphics, new in-game sounds, and going back to Xen and Nova Prospekt! Also the developer Rich Seabrook now has a team and continuing to update the game and bring more content! Great game and can't wait to see more!"
76561198163086602,Recommended,399120,33986523,Posted: 2 August,all,Taylor556,"Good, but some mistakes and unneccessary changes.Xen should have opaque crystals, and not have a focal point every 100 feet. Combine's new voices are too high pitched, game loads slow because of lack of VPKs, files include literally hundreds of unused nodegraphs and some crash dump files. The hudanimations file leaves yellow flashes when switching weapons, from HL2. The music can't always be turned down because the script doesn't start with *#. There are no new anythings.The beginning has a LONG section of Vortigaunt dialogue, and no lines for the rest of the game. You spend 1/3 of the game in Prospekt, then you leave and wander through a bunch of teleporters and end up in space. There's these flashbacks that seem completely out of place for a Half-Life game. They're technically dialogue, but are unrelated to the... everything.And the Vortigaunt's bodies hit an invisible floor when they die at the end sequence. They should be in a larger room, standing on invisible platforms in a trigger_gravity set to 0. Then when they die, the platform they stand on gets removed and the body floats away, much more dreamlike and creepy. The space station should have a story like they mentioned at Black Mesa East, something like:The space station is built around a focal point that the Combine will use to locally teleport their forces and supplies on Earth, which will make Chapters 10+ of HL2 impossible. (Same way they won the Seven Hour War)The reason I recommend this is it's still being developed and updated, those small technical things I mentioned earlier will probably be polished off later. Since there's so little time spent in Nova Prospket, this should be renamed Half-Life 2: Opposing Force (first one was just Half-Life: Opposing Force)One more thing.Multiplayer.I'm just saying, don't forget..."
,Recommended,399120,30505097,Posted: 14 March,all,Kirtide,"If you’re a big fan of the Half-Life franchise – you’ll love this game. If you loved the remake of Half-Life (Black Mesa), you’ll love this game. If you loved Half-Life’s expansion Opposing Force (and wondering what happens next), you will absolutely love this game.This is literally the best Half-Life 2 expansion to date, and you’ll never see anything else compared to Prospekt. Of course, Prospekt is still under development and continually introducing new content, but at it’s current state; it is polished, clean and stays true to Half-Life’s style and spirit – plus I have seen some other “expansions” and lets just say… they’re not the best… anyway… moving on.Prospekt follows the odyssey of Adrian Shepard, the main protagonist of Opposing Force and one of the deuteragonists of Half-Life. In short, you must fight your way through Nova Prospekt and beyond in order to assist Gordon on his journey to rid the combine forces from Earth.In closing, if you’ve played and loved (or liked) the Half-Life franchise, Black Mesa and Opposing Force, it is a must that you buy Prospekt, now!Keep up the amazing work Richard!Oh, and if you’re wondering why I’ve only played for under an hour, it’s cause I was playing offline, also don't listen to a thing that comes out of ""official game reviewers"" or MetaCritic's mouth, the game is still in development."
,Not Recommended,399120,21326200,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Faylum,"I consider myself a Half-Life Nerd when dealing with the franchise so i did hype myself up for this.However i have been unable to continue due to the combat design and by that i mean the design of the 'Arena' you fight in.I am a heavy user of the Quick Save and Quick Load feature so i can get everything done right with as little ammo use as possible. (as you have to do on Hard modes)However i cannot progress without being utterly destroyed in almost every fight regardless of how i attempt to take it. There is just no cover what so ever and i have no interest in continuing due to the lack of enemy diversity. Its a good attempt for a fanboy but its not worth the money, nor the support it got from Valve. I feel as if i was lured into this with the nostalgia dangling on a rope and painted to look like a carrot.This game is just not worth the time. 1.5/5"
,Not Recommended,399120,21351179,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,LoGa,"Vortigaunt: ""You must help this Freeman-Guy.""Me: ""OK let's do this!"" (I was so excited. Almost fell out of my seat)Ehm... Crowbar? Where is my pipe wrench? Why I need 45 bullets with MP7 for one Combine?(normal)Wait a moment. Xen?... a few moments and a portal later: Am I in space? Looked out the window: Oh yes, I'm on a space station... ok?!But why?And...Where the hell is Freeman?"
,Recommended,399120,25877818,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Greenyred,"This game is AMAZING and i saw some of his stream on the next update and this forwading pretty well ! I do like the deisgn of that game, it unique or maybe or idk, and it story. And recently in the summer seems that he added a new story called ""Jacks Story EP1"" and added ""Bonus Level"" too ! Im really looking forward for this ! Thanks Rich for this awesome game i think you spend alot of time for this, thats why i LIKE and REVIEW this game and...RECOMMEND to everyone to play this ! Thanks for reading.By Greenyred"
,Recommended,399120,23769184,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DirtyFishy,"Yeah, it's pretty good, for the most part.I completed it in 1 hour and 40 minutes.Chapter 1 and 2 are unusually dark, it wouldn't of killed to start with the torch. I didn't expect much after seeing the reviews for this game, The level design for the game is pretty good, there is an area with a crashed dropship and that looks really fantastic, however the fact that Antlions never stopped spawning and you had to fight them all off whilst looking for the tiniest exit.I had to fight the Antlions for a while  and I ended up depleting my ammo before I even  found where I was supposed to go.The game starts with puzzles and then kind of just abandons them. The game sort of just pushes you straight into shooting and killing, it more or less appears out of nowhere.The combine base is very well designed though. He's done a good job there.The ending is kinda meh and more frustrating than fun.Dialogue also always gets cut off which is really annoying. You have to stand still whilst listening to the dialogue unless you want to miss half of it.Overall anybody that is like me that is dying for the next Half-Life experience, then this will hopefully tide you over.Get it on sale.I almost forgot that the game has some really cool particle effects."
,Not Recommended,399120,21441245,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Raymond Tracer,"top meh, call me bad or dumb but I gave up after dying to an endless horde of Antlions. This feels like it could've just been a free mod. There are other free HL2 mods that look and feel much better then this, go play one of those instead unless, however, you really want to play some more Half-Life that may or may not be canon to the story (seeing as how its Valve approved and all that) then I'd highly recommend waiting for a sale and not buying this at full price."
76561198083091366,Recommended,399120,21507659,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Anderstein,"These are my toughts right after finishing the game without reading or watching other reviews. Hope they are useful.(+) The majority of the levels is really memorable. The design of the locations is outstanding! Best I've seen so far in Source. Even a short low gravity level!(+) It's 100% Half Life but from a different angle. I mean although you recognize the general combine design and the HL2 models it feels very fresh and unique(+) Combine Soldiers throw grenades at you more often. The mechanic to throw them back becomes very important!(+) Sometimes good, sometimes even great voice acting(+) Music and Soundeffects are really fitting. At one point I actually paused to think ""Man, he'd chosen this really good""(~) You're gonna kill more Combine soldiers than in the entire Half Life series. It's just intense(~) It's an incredible challenge. Increasing difficulty with each level. Everytime you think that this was the final you proceed into the next level(~) Focuses more on action and visuals instead of a coherent story(""~"" means it's up to you wether this point is a good or bad thing. I liked those.)(-) No new great über weapon that spices up the combat. It feels like it is a SMG/shotgun only game. Hope someone is going to mod it (Replacement for shotgun maybe) EDIT: There is such a HL2 mod that also works in Prospekt. It worked for me.(-) [For non native speakers] The sound filters used on the voices made it very hard for me to understand. Captions are broken. [26. Feb. 2016]I think this is the second best HL2 - like game out there. Black Mesa and 1187 are betterbut they lost resemblance to HL2. So I don't deem them ""HL2-like"".They were not made by a single person either.My favourites in this manner:1. Mission Improbable (It's free + better quality than HL2 itself)2. Prospekt3. CWTH (Extremely Underrated! HL2 and Portal in one game!)4. MINERVA (There are more locations in Prospekt and they are slightly more interesting)5. Deep Down6. The Citizen (Meh)"
76561197965215683,Recommended,399120,21477992,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,King,Wow i can not believe how harsh people are being with this.  Its starts out being just another enjoyable mod but then becomes a Professional game.  This guy will likely get a job with the gaming industry big boys from this.if you like the half life extended universe (fan mods) then this is right up at the top of the list.  In my opinion its worth it.
76561198049539281,Recommended,399120,21548584,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bendy52,"i do recommend this game but only for the big fans of Half life universe.pros:good sound trackaproved by Valvesome good moments and effectspost operation Black mesa dialogs that focus on the camp where Adrian was there before the incident.cons:same old same, every thing we seen in half life 2 and up is there, nothing new not even the whole set of weapons are there, the same enemies.the AI is edited and have more Health, the developer used only big waves of Combine to make the game hard.short abit could use at least another 30 min.there's no plot, only main thing you know from the trailer.still in general not bad for a single man, and i guess with the money he have now he can make better game."
,Recommended,399120,26170736,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Atomic Gaming,Had an amazing time playing it. Story was extremely well written and had some seriouswork put into this. It looks and feels just like a Valve made game.
,Recommended,399120,33247484,Posted: 4 July,all,GOLDEN WAЯЯIOЯ72,This is One of the Best HL (Mod) i have ever played because i love HL: Opposing Force because you get to play as a marine with training called Adrian Shephard who fought Race X and now he's back to help fight back the Combine10/10  λ
,Recommended,399120,30548177,Posted: 16 March,all,CW3D,"Prospekt, though had a bad start, has started to come a long way to what the developer had in mind. It's becoming better than it was on release.At the current time, it's an alright game. Alot of the maps in this, look really good. Some things still need some work however, such as certain parts in gameplay, but overall it's really an alright game!The awesome thing is though, that this isn't even a finished game yet and the developer is still working on many, many things for this game's future, and it's looking very promising from what he's shown for the future.Defiently give this game a go, give it a chance. This could very well turn out to be a good sequel to Half-life: Opposing Force! :D"
76561198239529234,Recommended,399120,32914449,Posted: 27 June,all,Darlaimerner,"Prospekt was a game that started out great, progressed great, and ended sort of great.First of all, the graphics were a surprising improvement from that of the ordinary HL2, and the soldiers near the middle of the game had a very interesting remodel. The game had amazing sounds and great color, and the actors were so great. The game made me feel fresh, and even though it was needlessly challenging sometimes, I walked away satisfied as hell. I only wished it was longer.9.5/10"
,Recommended,399120,23934379,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MemeMage,"Play Half life:Opposing force before playing. My review may contain spoilers.Game's story picks up afterAdrien Shepard is pulled out of the Gman's stasis by the vortugantsand later wakes up in nova prospekt-the prison base seen in HL2 somewhat near the end of the game. His target is Gordon Freeman but he eventually looses sight of him and gets caught up in the clutches of the Combine.music-Pretty good, fits the style of opposing force but personally i've heard better.gameplay-The good old HL2 style that we all know and love with run and gun and lots of enemies with tricks and puzzles.graphics-Refined Source Engine graphics on the 2013 SDK.Story-Absolutely better than nothing at this point *looking at you Valve*Final opinion-10/10"
76561197970569555,Recommended,399120,27424002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,2bobrob,"Purchased and finished game today, picked it up on sale for $2.50 which is i guess about $3.50 AUS.Steam says 3 hours but felt closer to 4 hours to complete, so about 30 mins per chapter on normal difficulty (or about $1 per hour of gameplay if you like).I really liked it, it had a real grungy, low budget feel to it (in a good way), like a good low budget sequel of a big budget film (like say 10 cloverfield lane). The creator of prospekt knew he was on a tight budget, so you wont be seeing any big setpieces here like in HL2 (or Minerva to be fair), but some really good firefights with some really smart use of verticality and room space, kind of like the first F.E.A.R. This game is basically 80% close quarters combat and 20% puzzles.So if you liked HL2 and F.E.A.R, I think this is a great mash up of the 2. You should pick this up now, especially now that its on sale for less than a small cup of coffee). And hey its more half life!! with Shepard!! even if it is only really a fan fic add on :)."
76561198114203062,Recommended,399120,30378029,Posted: 7 March,all,Dradus,"Well I like this game... I can't say that it's something new, It's just another Half-Life... And what do we do when we get New Half-Life? We buy it..."
76561197986398583,Recommended,399120,22518643,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Archangel,"I highly recommend this game to any Half-Life fan with a few hours to kill.Praise:- Well-designed and creative environments. The author does a good job of balancing the need for interesting combat arenas with creating the feeling that these are real, working facilities. There's also a surprising amount of new assets.- The vast majority of the game is spent fighting Combine Overwatch troops, who I personally find more interesting than any other enemy type in the game.- Conforms to established Half-Life canon in all respects, as far as I can tell.- Balanced combat challenges mixed with occasional environmental puzzles. Lots of big, set-piece encounters. I was playing on easy, and I only died once (due to my own stupidity). Some of the larger battles would be quite murderously difficult on Hard, so there should be a good challenge if you like that sort of thing.- Weapons and ammo are fed to the player with great care, forcing you to vary your weapon use. This keeps things interesting.Criticism:- Voice acting is adequate at best. The Combine radio messages and the Vortigaunt dialogue is actually well-done. The problem lies with the periodic audio flashbacks where Shepard remembers times with his fellow Marines before Black Mesa. Those are well-written, but the actors voicing them lack a certain force of speech. In short, they do not sound like Marines; they sound like guys self-consciously trying to sound like Marines. Not a deal-breaker.- Only one encounter with Hunters in the whole game. Two or three more would not have gone amiss, IMHO.- Flashlight instead of night-vision. I actually preferred Shepard's NVGs to Gordon's and Barney's flashlights in Half-Life 1, so I was slightly disappointed. I'm guessing that it was too problematic to program in Source, so it's all good. :)"
,Not Recommended,399120,21316169,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,FλNGS,"The LookThe aesthetics look very professionally done, I really like the creator's approach to combine architecture. There's allot of really great set pieces, and as well there's a bunch of incredible new textures and particular effects used throughout the game. The soundtrack is great too! It captures the HL feel very nicely. I like the soundtrack in this game is much better than the tracks fromBlack Mesaimo.Lighting was an issue. There's a dark ambience feel throughout the game, but there's allot of areas that are way too dark! So dark it's hard to see enemies or where to go. Also not enough usable of light to guide the player.Game PlayThe gameplay and map layouts are pretty bad. There's allot of very large and flat battle areas where you're being shot at from across the map. I've found there's consistently too much open space and not enough options to take cover. There's also parts of the game where there's way too many enemies to fight at once, especially when there's respawning enemies. it can be overwhelming and not very fun. Also didn't like how most of the fights you're start out by coming out of a elevator or doorway, which makes you feel cornered. imo not enough breaks from combat for puzzle solving, which is a staple of HL games. Lastly, come on.. no gravity gun ?!The Story(minor spoils) You learn more about Shephard's past through flashbacks of conversations he had with he's Marian buddies. The flashbacks don't add to the current events in the game's story nor do they really build up to anything too significant. I thought the concept of flashbacks to discover Shephard's backstory was clever and had some potentially, but it doesn't really go anywhere. So It's abit of a letdown. The voice acting is pretty good though.Other then that the story is abit hard to follow. You start at Nova Prospekt, then teleport all around the place, to a Combine power station, an arctic setting, the window outside Dr.Kleiner's lab, stop off at Xen, and the Death Star.. where along the way you kill lots of Combine.Pet Peeves:- You use the crowbar, not the wrench like in Opposing Force.- How do the combine know your name if the G-man just took you out of a stasis??- Character's call the G-man by his name.I actally had a good time playing through this game but, I have more negative things to say about it then not. It definitelydoes not have the superb 'Vavle quality' feel, but might be worth a playthrough if you're a fan of HL.  I'm honestly surprised Valve even approved this game to begin with.."
76561197963784886,Not Recommended,399120,21316335,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ratcat,"After an hour of gameply all I can say is MEH. I appreciate that tons of hours have gone into making this game and yes it is full of Half-life goodness but no new goodness, same old Combine, headcrabs, Zombies and Nova Prospekt looks the same but has different areas. What I mean is - expect to see the prison almost exactly as it was in HL2 but obviously the maps are different.  There are a few very simple puzzles. Same weapons and controls. I was hoping  for something totally different like Opposing force was compared to Half-life. The developer is very talented and the game is polished with some new textures (I think) but nothing surprising in the way of exploration. Again a very linear experience as were previous Half-life games. Zombies with grenades running at you. The HUD is green a la OF because of the Shepard character but he shouldnt even have a crowbar. He should have a pipe wrench or Stilson wrench as it is known just like  Shepard had in OP.  Very dissapointing in many aspects but as I said, well made with almost no glitches. Its hard to criticise a game when you know the developer has spent many many hours of his time trying to bring a great game to us but the truth is that well... Its just not OP2. It doesnt feel like opposing force2 . OP1 had different creatures different weapons, it was a whole other experience but sadly this is not. Wait I havent played the whole game so hopefuly it will get better. I would not have paid for it if I had known it was just another HL2 Mod. I wonder what happened to that full mod of OP that died?  Black Mesa on he other hand was a totally new version of Half-life and really deserved to be greenlighted. Sorry if I sound harsh but I am a huge fan of HL1, 2 OP and Blue shift. This just isnt Opposing Force 2. In short. Dont waste your money although if you have never played a Half-life game then yes it is well worth the dollars. I saw many negative cmments about the Xen part f this mod and well I actually liked it although the health spa did not work as it did in HL1. You jump in and immediately your health is fully restored. No you should have to wait to be restored... gradually and it (the map) was very short. A couple of Grunts were frozen so I just plugged em till they dropped. This is where some new creatures would have made a great difference. I think this could have been a great game had the developer employed a team rather than just do it himself."
76561197970353880,Not Recommended,399120,21314757,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ashbringer,"I am a huge fan of Half-life series...so when i saw this, i thought awesome abit more story for half-life even fan made it can't be that bad. No, this game has no like no plot at all. Fairly simple puzzles and alot of what feel like grind battles. There is no a single other character in the game you actually see..you do hear a few soldiers talking in flash backs...but you never team up with or even talk to anyone which for me is one of the things that make Half-life great.There is no Opposing force weapons and it lacks most of the Half Life 2 special weapons...you get the basics..shotgun, AR, submachine gun...but no grab gun or portal gun...or any alien weapons. The Opposing force weapons like Sniper rifle and Light machine gun do not feature. You may have heard there is a trip to Xen well that's true but it lasts like 2 minutes and features none of the mobs you fought there before.In short...for one person it's not a bad feature at all...but he really needed to team up with a few other people to add the depth needed to charge money for. I hope this guy gets into a team rather than takes on projects alone because he seems to have alot to offer but takes on too much."
,Recommended,399120,21537164,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gnugfuriuz,A good fresh breath from the HL world. Doesnt really have any story to speak of. Enemies seem to have increased health and the game never points out to you what you should be doing. So i ran through this pushing random buttons until i got some sort of response and kept going. Recommend if you miss gunrunning in HL
,Recommended,399120,34685890,Posted: 2 September,all,Lutcho,"The 1 year update improved so much,i recommend you to buy it."
,Recommended,399120,25134025,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,«~Spönġÿ~»,Elevator Simulator 2016
76561197989048905,Not Recommended,399120,21307756,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Keith Wardle,"Well what can say ? I was so looking forward to this I even payed early for it, was it worth it ? Unfortunatly not ! I mean you can see a lot of time & effort has gone into it but why oh why have we still got the same weapons ? I thought Sheperd was a elite special forces commando, why has he not got weapons to match ? I lasted about ten minutes before I had to put my own custom weapons set in before I lost my mind emptying a full pistol clip to kill one Combine with a nasty attitude. Its such a shame that I have to moan like this after I waited for so long, its just not worth the money. You can get free mods for Half-Life 2 that are much better & more challenging. This took two years of somebody's life to make ? What the hell there are modders out there that could build something like this in a few days. there is no new stuff at all just rehashed HL2, EP1 & EP2 stuff, really sorry but no i'm afraid its a definate thumbs down from me !!!!!!!"
76561197988218462,Not Recommended,399120,21313248,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,wojtek_pl,"Not really good a game. And boring. Walk through three the same rooms in the row. Bad, bad, bad. Though design is nice, but repeating it is ... not good. The idea is OK. Amount of work done - huge I think. But it lacks the grandeur of the original Half Life 2 and its Episodes. Really disappointed. Pity. And I DO play HL2 once a year. It is a good game. But Prospekt is not.So with regret I could not recommend."
,Not Recommended,399120,21498807,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Terminator,"Prospekt is a nicely done mod and considering the fact it is created by a single person, you gotta commend him for this. But if you review it like a paid game, i was disappointed heavily in that respect. While i would recommend it for a one time play, i would not at all call it HL2 EP3. In my honest opinion, the other HL2 mod (i forgot the name) does a much better job."
76561197987823724,Recommended,399120,21481134,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShockerCyclone,"I don't know why this game has such negative reviews. i just finished it and i had a blast the whole time. Although i would've toned down the Combine hoards a little. It's visually stuning and gave me something i've always wanted to see, Half-Life in spae."
,Recommended,399120,21491350,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rocket Man,"I am a huge Half-life fan (i have all the half-life games apart from the source version of hl1. When i played the first hour of this mod I liked it, but there are some negatives.Pros:+It has great detail+The voice acting of the Vorts and the combine and your suit are Good.Cons:-I was expecting atleast 1 new weapon, but none and this is based after half-life: opposing forces and in it your charector has a knife and wrench but u dont in this.-Not a great story, buts its ok (most of the time you are just going around pressing buttons).But i still like this game and you should get it."
76561198080191528,Not Recommended,399120,21356866,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dr. Screaming Suicide,pretty lame. and repetitive.
,Recommended,399120,26168956,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BillyMaysHere #NewPC,"When I first heard about this game I thought, ""FINALLY!!! VALVE IS MAKING A NEW HALF-LIFE GAME!!!!"" Then I saw it wasn't MADE by Valve. I thought ""Well crap. It's probably not good...."" I thought wrong. The game 100% fits in with the storyline of Half-Life 2 and is done SOOO WELL. I love this game. If I was told to describe this game with only one word, I couldn't. It needs more words. More like ten! Spectactular, Amazing, Awesome, Outstanding, Wonderful, Exeptional, Marvelous, Superb, Excellent and Extordinary! This sequel is perfect as it is. Honestly, I couldn't of asked more from Rich. (I'd ask Valve for Half-Life 3 though! XD) Thanks Rich so much for this oversatisfying sequel to Half-Life: Opposing Force. And to everyone that doesn't own this game and looks at this, BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,399120,31311090,Posted: 22 April,all,Raz^3o^7r,It's not perfect...but it is Half-Life.+ Good level design and music. New textures/effects and sounds. Voice acting isn't bad.- Somewhat short comparable to Blue Shift. No pipe wrench and the viewmodel is pretty much a dark HEV suit.
76561197998234284,Recommended,399120,26514885,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Hec,"Well overall this game is a Play It Now, and I'm talking about the rating options available in the RTSL website (former PlanetPhillip). The whole game indeed looks and feels professional and the textures and all of that tech stuff feels realistic into that strong CMB architecture and environment.My favorite part was the Xen one, there it just felt great to visit that scenario again which HL2 just forget and buried.Now about the shortcomings I can say, the combat is just OK but feels quite predictable, and terrible hectic and annoying at the final core part. I really missed some Gunship or a Helicopter to fight against, and well, at least we battle some hunters like in the middle of the game.Also the voice we hear a lot about Shepard's memories feels sometimes absurd as it didn't reveal almost nothing relevant about the gameplay or the in-game story plot, it was kind of annoying too and I only can think that the purpose of it was to engage the gamers and ask for a sequel of the story, which I have my doubts and personally I wouldn't like to play nor even purchase the sequel -If sometime comes out-, after I played this one.In conclusion I can say my overall feeling is just OK, but I really feel this product would have been better launched as a free mod instead of a retail game on its own. I'd say the balance between price and enjoyment, nevertheless is quite subjective, in my opinion that balance is not right at all, I mean here we have a very expensive product and really a very random modification for HL2. So it's not very worthy to purchase or spend some money on this one.... You know BM really worth’s what you play for it but this one not at all. And even the fantastic and very immersive Cry of Fear would be worthy to pay for it but even that great master piece is absolutely free.Also I have this very annoying ""A.I. Disable"" bug that made me began some chapters from scratch more than once!!!! And as far as I know the developer couldn't fix it properly yet. So be warned about that.So finally I can say, being an experienced mod gamer -I've played more than 200 mods in my personal record and review more than 150- This could have been better released as a free mod rather than have to spend some money on it. So my advice to his developer is just to learn from this experience and if he wants to launch some more products please do it in the big HL2 modding community, you could definitely would learn a lot from it and even be a better designer."
,Recommended,399120,32359649,Posted: 12 June,all,λBukileeeλ,"I haven't played through the entire game just yet, but from what I have played, its been really fun! I've seen some people talk about how the game isn't good, and that its buggy and short. It may be short, but I'm still having a blast, and the only glitch I've had so far is that the game crashed once. I dont really see any bad in the game, and from what I've heard the developers are working hard to improve the game, along with adding more levels to the game. In my opinion, the game is great!"
,Recommended,399120,31368196,Posted: 25 April,all,Blu Soldier,"Eh, it's okay, but that's only because I bought it when it was on sale, for 2.99 USD.Overall, I like the level design. A lot. The soundtrack and story were okay, but certain parts looked amazing.Unfortunately, I think it's a bit overpriced and too short. I look forward to seeing this being updated more!"
76561198132740372,Recommended,399120,26237158,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mattie,"This game has been updated and is very good. It's fun to play, includes extra bonus levels and is still getting actively developed.I highly recommend this game. I suspect the future for the game looks bright and dark, but I believe in the game and so should you."
,Recommended,399120,25875348,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tjpastro,i really like the game and how it's looking
,Recommended,399120,30386804,Posted: 7 March,all,ThE HämPehL,"So, i have finished the game now and i have to say it is pretty good.There are some things that i would change though. the start of the game is a little slow with no shooting. That is okay so far. But when the shooting starts, it starts at 100%. with a lot of enemies to kill and a lot of weapons to use. It felt a little to sudden for me. When compared to HL2: there you are starting slowly by killing some police-cops. Then there are more difficult enemies and more enemies while progressing through the first quarter of the game.but thats all i have to say. The game is pretty decent in total. recommended."
,Recommended,399120,31348193,Posted: 24 April,all,Omega,Kinda slow at first but gets really fun. All the problems the devs are trying to fix. I think it's a great game but has it's flaws.
,Recommended,399120,26135912,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Horsepower,"This is an unofficial sequel to Half-Life: Opposing Force, set during the events of HL2. So, as you can see the reviews for this game are mixed. I'll talk about that in a little bit. For now, I'll explain why I love the game.It's more action-packed, fun and thrilling gunplay just like Half-Life 2. There are quite a few mods out there that do a poor job of matching up to the source material, but this one pays its homage to HL2 while forging its own path, a rare balance I have trouble finding in mods/spinoffs.As far as the story goes, you're playing as Corporal Adrian Shepard, in an alternate reality where he's freed by the Vortigaunts to help defeat the Combine's forces in Nova Prospekt. You play through the prison and beyond, without spoilers, you go somewhere VERY cool.Let it be known that this is a serious challenge. Playing on Hard, I'd say it's probably 2x as hard as HL2 on Hard. There are some parts of the game where I had to use 100% of my ammo to survive, and then there are parts when I had way more than enough. There were times when I had to hide behind cover and wait to be pushed to surivive.The Summer 2016 update that was pushed added some interesting stealth levels where the goal is to get to the end without getting detected. I think it's awesome that Richard, the developer, doesn't let having a finished product prevent him from adding new content.About the length of the game, it is a bit short, only about 3 + 1/2 hours, but I felt like it was a good length. Some people would prefer to get it on sale. I myself got it on sale, and I think $5 is a steal for this. If you need to play it right now, $10 isn't a price you'll regret.Now, onto the game's controversial reputation. A lot of people had unrealistically high expectations at launch, because quite a few video game news sites toted that the mod was official. It's not. You can read Richard's full reasoning behind the reputation via this reddit post:https://redd.it/4uvw79I think he tried his best and succeeded. Give his game a try, it's not almost flawless like HL2, but it's still a 9/10 title. If it's not for you, that's fine. By getting it, you've witnessed someone else's piece of art, and you can check it out again anytime."
,Not Recommended,399120,21348665,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Considering this is a fan made game by ONE single developer (mainly) and some help from friends, I'd say it was mostly all well done.I was always eager to play some more of Adrian Shepard's story ever since I finished Opposing Force back in 2000. While I ain't sure if this canon story or not, I found it plausible and interesting, albeit the lack of characters, enemies and interactions with other aspects of the game.You are ""awaken"" by the Vortigaunts in the start and sent into Nova Prospekt prison. Then, you mainly go into battle with Combine soldiers... except a few minutes of fights with Ant Lions in the Prospekt prison. Talking about that prison, the first 2 or 3 levels of this game, it is way WAY TOO DARK. Even with brightness to the max, it was hard to navigate. After the prison, you travel into a few portal, Xen (you get to visit Xen... for 5 minutes top... sadly.) and then the Orbital Station orbitting Earth.Another gripe was that the Combine soldiers always were ready to fight you and ambush you. They come in waves against you all the time. I would have preferred if YOU, the player, could've have ambushed a few or taken a few soldiers unprepared alas, it wasn't. Heck, more variety of enemies would have been welcomed too!PROS:+Neat level design in later parts of the game.+Some combine models got improved textures and looks good.+Nice particle effects on The Core level!+Some backstory filled into flashbacks.CONS:-Awful level design from the start till halfway into the game. (too dark even at full brightness).-The game is badly balanced. It is completely too challengingly hard at places. Even at ""Normal"" difficulty, I had a hard time to stay alive and the Combine soldiers sponge up my bullets like crazy. And since the battles barely provide you with good cover, you end up being swarmed by the soldiers and die often. Then, I put the game in Easy mode, is too easy.-Lacks enemy variety.-Vortigaunts voice acting is... bad!-You barely ""scratch the surface"" of Xen. After three to five platform jumps, you're done (5 minutes top!).-10$ for 2-3 hours gameplay with no replay value.OVERALL:The game felt short and very straightforward, linear.RECOMMENDATION:You be the judge if 10$ is worthy of 2-3 hours of gameplay!I've enjoyed the game halfway till the end but despised the start of it.You should consider getting it once in a sale!RATING:5.0 / 10"
,Recommended,399120,21417879,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cpt_KrAzy,"This was an okay game to play for a Half-life. It doesn't have the best gameplay ever, but the voice-acting, the scenery, the effects all made up for it. I did like the fact that there was voices of his buddies you would hear throughout the entire game, conversations taken before you played as Shephard in Half-Life: Opposing Forces.There was a lot of combat than there was puzzles and free time to relax before moving on. There was little to no cover, however, that can provide a very good challenge, especially if the game was mostly close quarter combat. There was no story, no explanation on why the space station was so important or why it had to be destroyed, other than speculation of that it was teleporting gunships to Earth, and no explanation on what exactly you helped Gordan Freeman with in Nova Prospekt.I did like the fact that we had four buttons to push at the end and just have to fight off two waves of three for just the two side buttons. two for one button, and two for the other button. All it took was to actually wait until they stop coming. Very clever.All in all, I would recommend to help the developer, not to play it unless you are one of those people who likes to gun down everything in your path. If he can make up for his mistakes in the next game and make it better than the last one, then I would support."
76561197973941281,Not Recommended,399120,21371358,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Scian,"Extremely disappointing.  The entire game is running through corridors, flipping an occasional switch, and shooting enemies that survive unrealistic amounts of firepower even on Easy mode.  The story beyond what you see in the opening is nonexistant; there are no puzzles or tricky points (unless you count how to survive being shot by Combine soldiers).  The high point of the entire thing, what this seems to be marketed on, is the return to Xen - but don't expect anything but Combine soldiers, or more than a single map that has you flip a couple of switches to return immediately to Earth's vicinity (okay, it's a space station - and it looks -exactly- like the location you left moments ago).  Unsurprisingly, it is filled with - you guessed it - Combine soldiers.This is the only product I have ever purchased on Steam that I felt required a refund request, and I strongly recommend no one waste their money on this. No creativity was involved in the making of this 'game' and it shows."
,Not Recommended,399120,29322056,Posted: 17 January,all,SnowXing,"First off, let me just say how friggin impressive it is that this product was accomplished in two years with a team of what essentially ammounts to one man. Sir, I salute you and your dedication to the art of game development.Now, having got that off my chest, this game needed a few more passes before release. The increased enemy health breaks the Half-Life formula, and makes the player rely too much on luck and cheesing the enemy AI. More than a few rooms poorly broadcast the proper way to procede, and in one of them antlions spawn indefinately. You're going to spend a lot of time searching the map for the proper exit in this game.Additionally, midway though the game there was one vent positioned in such a way as to be just barely impossible to jump to, a vent which I needed to enter to procede. Upon watching a let's play in an effort to figure out how to get into the goddamned vent, I realized that I was on a completely different path than the video. I somehow stumbled onto a side path, that locked me in for an hour. I eventually made it into the vent by balancing a barell on a pipe, standing on it, and jumping before it rolled off the pipe into the water below. That was not me solving a physics puzzle, that was me cheesing the physics engine to cheat into an impossible vent that could have been fixed with the addition of a single mother♥♥♥♥ing place for me to stand.Frankly, this is Half-Life at it's least polished.PROS:Amazing Voice Acting (Suit, Vortignauts, Flashbacks)Environments are Beautiful (The Strange Map Room and Nuclear Power Plant stand out)Trip to Xen!!! WOO!!Seriously, that Voice Acting, SuperbCONS:Unpolished Level DesignTrip to Xen is Friggin BriefSeveral Poor Changes to Combat MechanicsLighting is not used to Signpost EffectivelySubtitles not Working ProperlyI am Randomly Capitalizing WordsHealth and Amo Sprinkled like ConfettiSome Environments not up to Par (Final Chamber looks rushed, Antlion Suppression Courtyard is Just plain Ugly)"
76561198004563507,Recommended,399120,25997752,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,The Blue Friend (Keve),"Great so far! The dev really puts time intoo the game and listens to the players. If you're a Half Life fan, i really do recommend it."
76561198025642073,Recommended,399120,28083493,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Brevbrav,"In my opinion a very good game. It's noticable, that the one who made it, poured his Heartblood into it.It tells a sidestory of the Events of Half Life and is very good in doing so, without beeing to forcible about it.I bought it on sale, but after playing it I must say, the normal price (about 9€) would also have been fair.Now something to the setting (contains spoilers):The combine orbit station/ship looks awesome, very good job. Same goes for the nuclear reactor room"
,Recommended,399120,29116805,Posted: 8 January,all,Mivario,"Considering that this game was made by 1 person, it isn’t that bad.There are some major problems with the game, especially with very long elevator rides, and the unskippable intro, but the actual gameplay is okay if you approach it as a run and gun game.There is not much in terms of story, with parts being told through flashbacks to before the Black Mesa incident, but there are no friendly NPC’s in the game, and there is no interaction with enemy NPCs, besides shooting them.The game is alright, but it is short. I would recommend picking it up when it goes on sale if you are a Half Life fan and want something to play.Link to a video I made on some of the problems:https://youtu.be/HkCixkRJPwE"
,Not Recommended,399120,21315370,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Lupe Snow,Medpack and shield everywhere => it seems that the creator himself found his game far too hard
,Not Recommended,399120,21315598,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,A Well Worn Paint Job,Maybe i have not played enough yet... but just overall very boring. i cant say what exactly but nothing about this game popped. dissapointment.6/10
,Not Recommended,399120,21500700,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Video Games With Alex (YouTuber),"I don't normally do review, so I'll keep it simple.Pros:1       Interesting Idea for the story2       Pretty levelsCons:1       TOUGH ENEMIES IN LARGE QUANTITIES2       When you are out of ammo on a gun and then get ammo for it, it will automatically switch to said gun and reload it with the ammo. NOT good for when in a heated battle.3       The path you are supposed to take is not always clear and is frustrating when you keep dieing(SPOILER ALERT: The part where you come out of the teleporter that was used by freeman and alyx, the part where you just got out of your jail cell, and the final battle are the MOST frustrating).4       SPOILER ALERT?: We don't need a recap of shepards past IN EVERY LEVEL.5       There was no need to change the combine voices.Other notes:The reason Half Life: Opposing Force was so successful, was because it followed the same formula that the original Half Life did, and then built off of it with its own content like: new enemies, new allies, different ally and enemy machanics, and NEW WEAPONS. It also kept the player informed of where they were supposed to go, and every single one of these qualities were LOST in this game. I felt like I was playing a Garry's Mod level instead of an awesome new chapter in the Half Life series. I did play it all the way through(other wise I wouldn't post here), but I was TOO FRUSTRATED BY IT! You need to take after Gearbox and fix the issues you have in this."
,Not Recommended,399120,21485156,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Meldrex5,Not far in but what took an hour really should have been 20 minutes.  Great for one guy but QA is needed.
76561198152908033,Recommended,399120,25734064,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,™║ϟ Brummbär,"I enjoyed this game , was very enjoyable didn't find any bugs. The Sound is Good and the level design felt like Nova Prospekt in the Early Levels  all in all its worth It."
,Not Recommended,399120,21306844,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Trezoitao38,"I can resume this game in this way: In Half-Life 1 you loose all the weapons at the mid of the game. Why Valve did this? Because Valve wanted to put the player in a new situation that you can pick the weapons in an new order, put the experienced gamer with few weapons in new situations that can be harder. In the beggining of the game, the player dont know the basic commands, or the pourpous of each weapon. Each weapon serve for a thing in the game, and the game progress with the weapons you acquire slowing in the game.Here is differente, you fast have all the weapons of the game. You loose again at the mid, but 5 minutes later you have all again. What is the point? The point here is simple, you just use the best weapon until you lost your ammo, do the same with your second weapon and son on. Its a wave shooter with just one type of enemie shooting you. You dont use this weapon because its better for this situation or another, why RPGs here if there are not big vehicles, tanks, helicopters or others things such like that? And the pistol? uselees againts a billion of combines using better weapons against you.I cant recommend. Its the first time in years that I bought a game and finish on the first day. Its too short, lack variety of enemies, level design, lack everything. I like some wave shooters like Doom and Serious Sam, but on these games the variety of enemies force the player to use the variety of weapons they have, in a inteligent way, this game dont. In some parts of the game I just pass cause of my luke, even the final. No sense of acomplishment in this game, because I cant see the real strategy I have to make to pass in a difficult part. Its just try to keep alive before the combines kill you, sometimes you die, and sometimes you dont, its just random."
,Not Recommended,399120,21306311,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nubby Pickles,"First things first. If this mod was free, it would be a fairly good mod. The level design is well crafted and the textures look like they were updated. But unfortunatly, this mod is $10 which just isn't worth it. The are free mods that just as good as this and even a few that are better.Gameplay:I'm very mixed with the gameplay. While it is fun, it can get overbearing attimes, and not in a good way. Too often you are fighting waves of enemies with no clear goal of what to do, with very little health. There isn't very much to the fighting, no new ways of trying things out, no tactics. Just fight your way through and try not to die with very little health.There are good parts to it, and the levels look good while playing it, it just feels kind of lack luster. The locations are kind of boring in my opinion. The great thing about HL2 was the variaty of locations, and different ways of play. Here you are just playing through Nova Prospekt and a combine facility. And while they are well made and look good, it's just generally boring to play through. Also you will have a very breif trip to zen. Why? I don't know, does it matter to the story? not really.I should also say that while the level design looks good, it doesn't always flow well with the enemies your fighting and can just be a detriment to your situation.Story:I'm not entirely understading this story. Why am I here? The vortigaunts explained that we have a common enemy, and that we are now allies, but I still don't know the reason I'm here. I just feel like I'm fighting just to fight. These problems may have been able to of been fixed if the G-man could have explained. But because the Vorts have to tell you, they have to explain why they are there, and why you shouldn't kill them, and then explain the combine. The beggining scene has the g-man, but he doesn't talk, which just makes his presence more confusing. I understand why He didn't attempt to voice act the g-man, but having him there just seems confusing.During the gameplay, shepards backstory is told through custom voice acted flashbacks which is just him remembering things that were told to him. The voice acting, while not terrible, is still not good enough to be relied on for the story of the game. While it does this, the world goes black and white and can be very hard to see. Not only is this annoying but it isn't very well timed. Several times I was going through a flashback when I would stumble upon enemy soldiers, unable to see well because of the flashback. I could stop walking to listen, but what is going on isn't really interesting enough to stop and listen to.The ending just comes out of no where (admittedly HL2 kind of did too), without much explaination of what just happened. Again g-man appears at the ending, but because he can't speak, it only makes the story cring worthy and confusing.I feel like one of the biggest problems is that it tried to be Half-Life, but the story was told in a very un-Half-Life way.Conclusion:This mod is a good mod. It is well crafted level design wise, and there is stuff to like. But the $10 pay wall just isn't worth it. Therefor, I can not give it a good review. If it was free, I would be impressed, but if you put a pay wall infront of something, escpecially a mod, you better make sure it is good and well ready. And in this case, it just wasn't ready."
,Recommended,399120,22378058,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Vic,"Where to start with Prospekt? It's great to see another Half-Life game/mod on Steam, even if it's paid. It's not exactly a bad game, but it does have issues that leave it feeling very lackluster. But in light of recently released updates, it's turned into something a lot more consistent and a lot more presentable. And for all its faults, it has decent pacing and okay gameplay.That said, there are a few aspects worth mentioning. First of all, the story design here is nothing to write home about it. The Vortigaunts' dialogue is poor, inconsistent, and simply doesn't sound like anything a Vortigaunt would say. Brevity is in short supply here, and the intro lasts much, much longer than it should, and gives us too much exposition we already know or don't need anyway. There's also a blatant disregard for several story points in HL2, which the game contradicts without even explaining; and generally, some very shoddy writing. Also, most of the opening scene seems to have been designed in keeping with a compulsive desire to spray copious amounts of post-processing and particles in your face. It's not eye-candy; and in fact it kind of hurt my eyes on top of going on for too long. Not good.Level design suffers from a shortage of decent lighting and an abundance of poorly placed fog. Certain areas also haven't been logically or architecturally thought out very well. It's also poorly optimized, with frequent hangs and freezes, and every single map needs to have its nodes rebuilt at map launch. Visually, overall, there's some good ideas in there and sometimes it does work. When it does, it's not half-bad.Overall, there's not enough medkits and ammo in the levels and the ones that are there require you to go way too much out of your way. The game also throws a few too many soldiers at you in battles that take far, far too long. It also ends up feeling like a corridor crawl at times - all you do is enter another room, shoot 4 soldiers and then press a button. It's way too repetitive. In general, all you really do is fight soldiers and there's not much variety here.With that in mind, I'd say that for a Half-Life mod, Prospekt is not much to write home about. In fact, it's mediocre. But since its dreadful state at launch, it has improved and it is an okay experience. It's not a golden standard of modding, but it gets the job done."
,Recommended,399120,24135481,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Merim,"Not too bad, there was at least one minor glitch that is inaccessible but its possible to get through without noclipping the area. Though it may need a bit of improvement. Other than that, the whole gameplay was fun. I give this a 7/10."
,Recommended,399120,26890521,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Papasifis,"It's worth it on sale, but don't buy it when it's bloody ten dollars."
76561198140048612,Recommended,399120,30283823,Posted: 2 March,all,Saxton Hale CEO of Mann Co.,Ok i am sorry but when you need to cheat at the last bit of the game you know you have done some thing wrong. HOW EVER its an OK game that need some tweeks and some to point the player in the right dircetion. But the price it WAY to expensive. A good price would be £4.00-£3.75 NORMAL PRICE (this is come out of a business GCSE student and A-level student mouth)  5.5/10 (3-4 hours at MOST)
76561198141477944,Recommended,399120,30545277,Posted: 16 March,all,Animalman,"Well produced game when you really get into it - £7.50 is not expensive for the quality you are getting, The developer is active and responsive to most questions, this game brings many elements to the game that valve could not - and it delivers these elements in a spectacular way. Yes you may be bothered by some extensive dialog at the beginning of the game like i was at first glance but trust me once you get passed that there will be no stopping you.Looking forward to the new update and replaying this many more times.BTW this review comes from somebody who has played half-life since the 90s and if you are looking for some excitement and challenge this is the game for you.Keep up the good work."
76561198218866451,Recommended,399120,30453496,Posted: 11 March,all,Sethikal,"Prospekt is a good explanation as to what happened to Shephard during the events of Half-Life 2 with brilliant graphics, gameplay, music and plot.Gearbox would be proud."
,Recommended,399120,35195037,Posted: 24 September,all,the president,"Is this mod terrible? No, not at all. Is it fantastic? Not really.I appreciate the effort that must have gone into this, and it is definitely quite pretty to look at with the enhanced lighting effects. Gamplay-wise, a few moments may leave you wondering exactly what to do, and depending on how long it takes you to figure it out they may be downright frustrating (specifically the room with the galaxy map and the swarm of Combine that enters).The story takes a bit of a curve -- about half-way through I'm no longer entirely sure what's going on anymore, where Shephard is, what his goal is, etc. Why am I on a space station if I was sent to Nova Prospekt to help Freeman? Why am I destroying the reactor core of said space station? Is this important to Combine teleport tech? By destroying this station am I permanently crippling Combine efforts to perfect localized teleports and still helping Freeman in some way? I have no idea.The flashback sequences were slightly odd, and depending on how you view it, out of place. Some folks may be turned off by the lack of any unique weapons, especially considering the game this is an unofficial sequel to; you just get the stock HL2 weapons without the gimmicky Gravity Gun.Beyond nitpicks, confusion over the story, and issues with difficulty in a couple areas that probably just boil down to me being an idiot, I would recommend this mod. That being said, wait for a sale to pick it up. It's fun, but not worth $10."
76561198021183404,Recommended,399120,24004412,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Quλrter-Life,"I played this game only after the big 1 year update, as well as paid $4.99 for it. For this reduced price, the game is well worth paying. I wouldn't be too confident to say it's worth paying more for this game unless future updates are much more substantial. Warning: some spoilers below.PROS:-Game overlaps and is a nice addition to the overarching HL1/HL2 story after events of Opposing Force-Includes some familiar HL2 locations, events, and references-Great original voice acting -- for Combine soldiers and radio chatter, too-Includes audio flashbacks into Adrian Shepard's life as a Marine just prior to the Black Mesa incident (this is a very original and likeable feature of the game and it contributes to HL lore; not to mention the voice actor is the same as from Black Mesa)-Great original music -- and in the theme of Opposing Force-Impressive textures, lighting, and graphics-Pulse rifle ammo capacity is 90 rather than 60-A lot of pounding action-A short trip to XenCONS:-The introductory cutscene is a bit long-Shepard has the crowbar instead of the wrench as a melee weapon (but this is supposed to change)-Level design is really redundant: a good deal of the rooms, hallways, various locations, and even goals in the prorgression of the game are repetative and contrived; you spend most of the game running from one similar-looking location to another pushing buttons-It wasn't the clearest what Shepard's overall objective was-Game is rather short (took me about 3 hours -- but I'm slow-paced; I see it took others about 90 minutes)-There are few puzzles, and fairly uncreative ones at that, to break up the combat, which might be overbearing from some-I would have liked more zombies"
76561198315039031,Recommended,399120,31126715,Posted: 13 April,all,Big Huge Bird,"If you are a fan of src engine games or half life games, Prospekt will be the game for you, keep in mind the campaign is not very long but it is fun nonetheless, The new combine voices sound great and the voice acting is pretty good, i have replayed the campaign quite alot of times and there are new updates bringing in new things, there are some glitchy parts (elevators) and the plot is not very strong, but in my opinion this is quite a fun game. 7.9/10"
76561198021760698,Recommended,399120,26143484,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,lukas.meschik,Prospekt is GREAT! Took me about 3.5 h. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,399120,31267791,Posted: 20 April,all,Regent | Pieguy39,"Nova prospekt is in progress and is still being worked on, and some some issues, keep that with that in mind.Positives:-good music-mostly good level design-♥♥♥♥ing gorgous effects-non intrusive story and lore (if it will ever be canon, noting from the vavle improval)-good puzzlesNegitives:-poor enemy palcements-too many enemiesWhat he could add and fix in the future:-bear skin arms with gloves-pipe wrench-aliens from opposing forces (remodel)-expanded xenfor all the people complaining and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing saying you dont  have something, just state what you want and then support him, their is only 3 of them."
,Recommended,399120,31022660,Posted: 8 April,all,BadDaddyG,Made my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard playing half life again.
76561198144492616,Recommended,399120,35168286,Posted: 23 September,all,Azeria Drake,"There seems to be a lot of back and forth over whether this game is good or not. Plenty of people have already reviewed this game, but I might as well make a newer review as things might have changed, and the developer has announced plans for updating Prospekt. So I'm going to make a very basic argument, less of a review, for those of you who may be on the fence about buying this game as I was.If you're a casual player who just wants to enjoy some Half Life, but are by no means a completionist, this game is skippable, if you so choose. It is of my opinion that Prospekt is for those of us who are fascinated by the world of Half Life, and want to see it explored by as many angles as possible. That IS what was so great about Opposing Force and Blue Shift, at least, in my opinion.With that being said, I will say don't go into this game expecting something as plot heavy as Half Life 2. It reminds me more of the first Half Life, where the majority of the game is wandering around hitting buttons and killing enemies who crowd the halls. This isn't a bad thing, as HL1 was great, but you should really enter this game with a neutral mindset. If you go in expecting the wrong thing, you're bound to be disappointed no matter the quality of the game.Some people have reported glitches, and while I experianced a minor glitch and a single game crash, it was by no means game breaking. The only glitch I experianced was the ""missing texture underwater"" glitch, and it is easy to fix. (Simply right click the game, open the properties, navigate to local files, and click verify integrity of game cache.) So if you're concerned about the game being unplayable, do not worry, it is.Another concern I've seen a lot of is the AI of the Combine. Simply put, while I found they were less intelligent than in HL2, it wasn't hard to put up with for me. I understand if it annoys others much more, but I personally am not very bothered. They still pose a challenge, in my opinion.So to conclude, I feel as though many reviewers are being too harsh on Prospekt. It should not be held to HL2's standards, as it was not made by the HL time, rather one person. You can label it as a fan game, and compare it to other fan games such as Minerva, but I really do think if you're a fan of Half Life (and especially if you're a fan of Adrian Shephard, like me) then you should give this game a try. However, I will admit $10 is a bit pricey, but I got it on sale for a little over $4 and I suggest you do the same. Otherwise, I'd say to enjoy the game and take it with a grain of salt. I look forward to what Richard Seabrook has instore, if he delivers on his promise of updates."
76561198197271771,Recommended,399120,30327778,Posted: 4 March,all,The Eternal Dreamer,"Prospekt... how would I start... (Warning: This review may contain spoilers from the game)I won't lie, I was sold on the first two words in the trailer, those being ""Adrian Shepard""I was honestly impressed at first glance, also when playing the game, the gritty, dark atmosphere pulled me right in. (not to mention playing as Adrian Shepard) Adrian Shepard proved that he was the best in Opposing Force, and Prospekt nails that feeling to the core.My favorite part(s) in Prospekt would be the introduction, The Core and Xen... my only quarrel with Prospekt is the ending, similar to Opposing Force, you just run head first into a wall as it ends.Think Half-Life 2: Episode One where the vortigaunts quite literally block out G-Man... for me, the ending is what really hurt this amazing take on Shepard' sadly short story, for me personally, Adrian Shepard could easily beat out Gordon Freeman, but that's my own opinion, and isn't required for this review.I must add the custom voices are awesome and done with perfection in mind.If the ending were better, this game would of easily earned an honest 9/10, but since the ending wasn't great, I'm giving this game a solid 8/10, with my personal recommandation to play this, it is worth the money."
76561198215175083,Recommended,399120,30501021,Posted: 13 March,all,❤Cara❤,"Good work for a fan made Half Life spin off. Keeping in the spirit of Opposing Force, there are some ridiculous firefights that force you to think about what you are doing instead of blindly rushing in and wasting ammo. Minor bugs that may be corrected by relaunching the game.  I have no regrets about purchasing this game."
76561197960394091,Not Recommended,399120,21414380,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[TIG]Migel,"Oh Man - so high hopes but I ended up in what everyone else written before me...At first before release I thought that finally I will be able to have some sort of substitute for lack of HL3. Then I was thinking just maybe I should pay for Black Mesa - which I did not cuz it WAS FREE before steam release...And then I saw this... prospekt...Well what can I say it is absolutely a mistake to buy it, it is a mistake to ask money for it and it is absolutely a horror to play it.Rich man - c'mon were you on drugs doing this? I mean this is worse than my Quake maps!!! This item should not have been released at all - 9 EURO which I payed is 9 euro too much.Asked for a refund today... hope will get it.Stay away from this ... thing."
,Recommended,399120,23832973,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fougere,Tres bon jeu.Bonne histoireUn peu trop sombre mais ils ce joue bien.
,Recommended,399120,31899356,Posted: 22 May,all,Jsmitty04,"Man, I remeber all the hype I had waiting for you to finish this game! I really loved it, just doesn't completly feel like a OF2... But I loved it, anyone who plays it will know why..."
,Recommended,399120,28739509,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sir Godfrey Giblet,"If you're looking for something totally different, you're going to be disappointed. But if you were looking for essentially expansion packs for the Half Life 2 series (hello,  HL2 Episode 3!), then this is perfect. If  you remember the original HL: Opposing Force, this is very much an HL2  sequel in the spirit of the original, that is, mostly combat between Adrian Shephard and enemy military forces (in this case, the Combine). You ocassionaly run into zombines and headcrabs, etc, but it's mostly troop-to-troop combat in the HL universe (the all-too brief trip through Xen was a nice touch). The maps are really, really nice, the action is good, and it's basically more HL2 action... just want many of us want. WELL worth the few bucks for the game. I wish someone would do the now-abandoned Return to Ravenholm map the way this developer has done this project. Recommended."
76561198042296378,Not Recommended,399120,21375328,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ChrisAKAPiefish,"That's it, I've had it, after dying numerous times on Normal due to massive rooms being filled with a crazy amount of soldiers and there being no ammo or health, i turned it down to easy, got a bit further and still keep dying, ON EASY!!!I cannot bring myself to complete this god awful mod. The level design sucks, the gameplay sucks due to poorly placed NPC's and taking away most of the things that make half-life fun, lore sucks, story is absent, music sucks, voice acting is meh and just everything else sucks.Now can someone tell me why this was on the news? Was it just so the dev could hype people into giving him money effectively conning them?Urgh this just sucks so bad, do not buy it."
,Recommended,399120,28079836,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,the great reset,"I read a lot of reviews on this game and was hesistent on buying it. After playing it, I have no idea why anyone would give this game a negative review even if they did pay full price (a whopping $10). Honestly, if you can't find $10 worth of fun in this game, there's something wrong with you. A lot of people complained that MODs like MInervia are free and better. While I think Minervia is good, Prospekt is a lot better. I don't think Minervia should be free, I think it should cost something in hopes to inspire more developers to make HL2-themed games because it doesn't look like we're getting HL3 anytime soon.If you like HL2, this is a definite buy."
,Not Recommended,399120,21453553,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Buddy Boy,There were no aliens
76561197970323468,Not Recommended,399120,21326146,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ticktock1231,"Let me start by saying, I love half-life and the guy who made this put a lot of work in to it.   With that said I can't recommend this game for a few reason.StoryThere really is no story.  You get a few flash backs to when shepherd was younger, but they don't do much.  You have no idea why you are there and what your end goal is.  I am not even sure what I did in the last level.  I blew something up, but no idea what it did or why I blew it up.BugsI had the game crash a few times.  Also ever time there was a load, it would have some kind of error pop up about a no more graph or something.Ammo/healthAmmo is everywhere but only for about 3 guns.  Want to use that rocket launcher?  You can't because when you get it there are only 3 shots and there are no more around until the end.  Bad guy health seemed really high, it would take me about two full clips (90 bullets) at point blank range to kill three bad guys...and there are a lot of bad guys!  Each level would be run down a hall, come to an opening and shoot 10-20 people, find a switch or elevator and go to the next level and repeat.Lengthfor $10 the game is about 2 hours.  That is not a very good return.I would love to play more from this creator but I really wish they would skip on the fancy graphics and put a story in it."
,Not Recommended,399120,21300763,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Big Rizzle,Terrible.
76561197961977160,Not Recommended,399120,21352518,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,dustin,"Not good, Bob."
76561197972729524,Recommended,399120,21304677,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Perus_TC,"I absolutely do NOT understand all the negative crap being said about this game.For ONE person to do this by himself is nothing short of amazing.If you like just blasting through levels and like Neverwinter Nights complexity in ALL your games then this 'aint for you.All the wide open area's I got through without dying once........I took my time,backed up into cover area's where there were still health packs and shield pods and waited for them to come looking for me.The level design is well done considering the build time and they look good.As far as the puzzle difficulty?......Who care's?As far as I am concerned this is VERY well done for the effort and I haven't even finished it yet as of 2\18\16 at about 3 PM central.Of course I have over 1000 hours of play in the original....BEFORE Steam was released.Nice job kiddo(I am 60 years old).Do it again.9\10Edit:After finishing the game I am reminded of why I quit playing multiplayer(except for friends).Their are too many people out there gaming that really have a hate on for anything they don't agree with.I read some of the comments on some of the negative reviews responses.I am VERY glad I am old.If I was 25 again I'd be asking for addresses.There is no excuse for being hateful just for fun.I loved the game and it has nothing to do with being a fan boy.It has to do with I liked it....period!Still 9\10"
,Recommended,399120,21304987,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,-Tangy-,"Good game, horrible ending"
,Not Recommended,399120,21645129,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bilkent Dota The Flying Pig,Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that is using half life's name for being popular
,Recommended,399120,21412045,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,☢♫TᕮKᗩᔕᕼIᗰᕮ KᗩTᗩᑕᕼIᗰO♫☢,I enjoyed the plot of this game:)If wana you wana play where opposing force left off then this game is for you :) .
76561198107790399,Not Recommended,399120,21890831,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Jekyllson,"It's got some nice moments towards the beginning, but the threadbare story is incoherent, and any creativity in level design gives way in the second half of the story in favour of wave after wave of tedious mook clean-up. Imagine killing everyone in the Death Star one by one on foot; that's the entire second act of this mod. It's nice-looking when it's not repetitive and corridor-y, but it's ultimately not worth it when there are much better HL2 mods on Steam for free."
76561198272403848,Recommended,399120,21355728,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The One Free Skeleton,"I personally am absolutely in love with Prospekt, just how I fell in love with Opposing Force and Half-Life. I love the addition of the flashbacks and G-Man popping up out of nowhere, plus the fact the voice for the PCV is different from that of the HEV. It was certainly worth both the wait and the money!"
,Not Recommended,399120,26175721,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,PrpleDoggXII,"PRO's: well optimized, looks and controls like hl2, backstory of sheperd and his squad from black mesaCON's: level design, almost no story, almost no puzzles, terrible game flow, xen level frame skips, not enough enemy types, whole game is in hl2 themed prison, few hl references, no easter eggs, shortLONG VERSION!I was excited when this game came out knowing the half life franchise is still kicking. before i bought the game i read the reviews and thought maybe everyone who wrote a negative review played this and got there hopes up thinking it would live up to the quality of the original valve games. so i went into it open minded, knowing it wasn't going to be as polished but hoping it would still give me the half life dose i was looking for. i will say that richard seabrook did a good job for his first game, my hats off to you. but i will say it doesn't compare to half life 2 in many ways. alot of what people are saying in the reviews, has some truth to it. the story is almost nonexistent, the general flow of the game is way off, the levels are bland and unbalanced, you have to use a flashlight way to often, and throughout the entire game i had no idea what i was doing. a lot of shooting, not enough puzzles and no direction. i didn't even see any easter eggs or major references to the main character. but i will say the game is optimized well, no freezes or crashes and constant 60fps on my setup at maxed out settings. although the xen level gave me terrible frame skips for some reasons. i did complete the game in 5.5 hours so it is shorter. for how much i want to recommend this game, i simply cant. there's way to much wrong with the game-flow alone to warrant a negative review. but if you love half life and hate puzzles or having any story at all or hate a solid level design then this is the game for you. remember this for your next game Richard."
76561198060281197,Recommended,399120,30481603,Posted: 12 March,all,DarthPorkChop,8/10 for me!metacritic rated it to lowi rate metacritic 43/100rekt metacritic.
76561198096320930,Recommended,399120,21304052,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Captain Penguin,"Before Version 2 came out, I despised and hated this game. I regretted purchasing it and vowed to never pre-order a game again. It was way too hard and the maps were terrible. Now, after the update, the game has improved greatly. The enemies are easier and more balanced. The game looks better. There are new maps. My only complaints are the really long, boring intro and the disgusting colors after teleporting and while listening to the memories of Shepherd."
,Recommended,399120,24737401,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lumin8shun,Between the overwhelming forces and overly open areas; it tough to tackle combine with their hitscan accuracy at some times. It's important to focus on navigating behind cover and taking pot-shots when possible.Despite this if you enjoyed Half Life 2 and want to play more content this does a fairly on-par job and is enjoyable enough to recommend.
76561198219534407,Not Recommended,399120,21294563,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Uogiene cs.money,Well this game is not worth his money... You can't even kill invasion of combine in the room when u see Earth....
76561197960360633,Recommended,399120,23874141,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[GER] sini,"It takes about 2 hours to complete. The levels and combats are great. But the story ... well actually what story? Is there one? Well, no not really, you are just killing enemies and pushing buttons. ALOT of buttons!But to be fair, for a one-man-project this is pretty solid work."
76561198305480132,Recommended,399120,33335401,Posted: 7 July,all,ubimgr,"Slightly worse than the original HL2 and episodes, significantly worse than the original OpFor, if you think it'll give you the same impressions as Opposing Force, you're seriously wrong. Not that the game is not good, but it's just not nearly as good as the original.6/10."
76561198030289727,Not Recommended,399120,24568448,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ser Mike,"The game is kinda bad, I had no idea what the story was about other then a vague explanation from the vortiguants in the beggining and when i checked the wiki it still made no sense.The gameplay consists of fight combine, press button,fight more combine, and press another damn button it is insane, I really wanted to like this game but it is just really bland, and repetitive.But the graphics... Wow they look amazing on High much better then HL2 and at times it looks close to real.6/10 Pretty to look at,but not so fun to play. If you are going to get this game, get it when it goes on a sale."
,Recommended,399120,23320361,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Verarrh #ProjectRemnant,"POSSIBLE SPOILERSProspekt is a game for architecture lovers, hardcore NPC fighters, Combine enthusiasts, and the ones who loved Half Life: Opposing Force. However, the gameREALLYrequires improvements on its final stage, occurances of puzzles, and some loose ends tied on some of its script timing and lore.Script timing- The flashback audio starts too late on some of the elevators, so the audio gets drowned out after being shot at once the elevator has arrived.Puzzles- It felt like there was only 4 puzzles to the game, it would make it feel more like Half-Life if there was at least 2 to 4 more puzzles.Lore-Freeman was Gman's wild card. Why would he take Shepard from his oh-so-important stasis just to help Freeman because he is ""cornered by Combine and needs help"", and why would his actions in the game affect if Freeman was cornered by Combine or not?The final stage-The final stage was really rediculous, as even turning the AI to easy did not help. The amount of health kits is too low, and the amount of Combine is too high. Nobody could survive well at all with barely any cover, especially when it's the elites your talking about. The combine ball knockoff attempts feels original to what HL would do, but providing only 4 health kits and a constant swarm of Combine soldiers and elites? Not very fun.Overall, with the constant support shown by the author (which I adore), I believe this game can be among some of the best out there, especially if theres custom textures, skins, music, and gameplay!(It was a shame there was not a custom weapon. All Half-Life mods have those.)"
,Recommended,399120,23708988,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Scarf,"A good balance of challange within naturally and organically designed levels. It reeks of a classic half life 2 feeling, and takes after the best of it's combat. Parts of the maps still resonate in my memory, even months after playing it.A free mod is The Citizen. A great half life two mod. One of the best! But, that is how much you should get for a free mod. Prospekt comes with large and original maps, a couple of hours of gameplay, and hundreds of custom assets. It's worth money. It's it's own game.In Gaben's own words, ""What's not to like?"""
76561197990127954,Recommended,399120,22535820,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,EL KURTO,"This game may not be perfect.  However, it's still a great game by a small studio.  Great job!"
76561197975611127,Recommended,399120,23645781,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,keithnz,"After the initial excitement of Half life 3 coming in the near future , and the wait continues ... Prospekt  comes long and fuels the fire and the hunger , enough to keep the wolves away for now :)"
,Recommended,399120,22384369,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,BOT Ivan,Good to see Shepard again. Well made environments especially early on but damn does the difficulty ramp up.Spoilers Here Onwards For The FinaleEnjoyed shutting down the reactor. It was interesting to have to guard the buttons to make sure you progress isn't reversed by the Combine. Kept me on my toes.
,Recommended,399120,28551010,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fravit,"It's not the best HL2 mod I've ever played, but certainly one of the better ones, and made more impressive by the fact that it was pretty much made by just one dude. For that, I think it's worth the few bucks to support his hard work. If you're starved for Half Life content like many of us are, you'll probably enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,399120,34386267,Posted: 20 August,all,Skirdus,"Definitely a nice Sourcemod. Gave me 2 hours of fairly solid gameplay. Don't think it's worth $10 though, as it will only appeal to major Half-Life fans; which I have to assume is the target demographic, but still."
,Recommended,399120,21474091,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,-=Combine0007 |CMBS|=-,"Prospekt - game, which was approved by Valve, released in Steam. It was amazing game, author used all creativity and made a masterpiece!There a lot of perfect thing in this game, like:Plot - 5/5Design - 5/5Misc - 4/5BUT, there always thing that are not best, such asGameplay 2.5/5 (Number of enemies in some areas is really annoying for example.)Level progressing 3.5/5 (Some places, like Xen, were too short for visit ~5 minutes, it was disappointing)---All in all, I find this game awesome! Amount of work is amazing, ONE man did this, what will be if there will be the team?!Yes, there a lot of people, who think that Prospekt must be free, but they must understand, that not all work must be free, there is always something, that they need to take.Also, there is fact, that the author will make another game - I will truly wait for another masterpiece!"
76561198201211011,Recommended,399120,23932198,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alias #SzanownyKolega,"Game fun, I noticed some bugs with HUD (trimmed some pictures), and of the poor animation at the end, but I respect the work put into it. The only thing that really ruined an icon of the game. I beg to change it because it looks awful."
76561198014360811,Recommended,399120,23964885,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JarusPsycho,"Good job. It's nice to play something new from HL2. Although it's rather short for 10 dollars, I bought it with 50% discount and that is worth it. There are a lot of transitions via elevator or air shafts. Story is not bad, but I don't see how we helped Freeman, when that was the mission. Guess by killing a load of Combine soldiers... :)  Looking forward for new content."
,Recommended,399120,24009877,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,viperbjw2,This is a nice little extention of HL2 that will give you about 5 more hours of new content and challenging battles.
,Recommended,399120,24029237,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,boris59,"Generally a good job. If you like HL2 then this is an OK mod. Maybe a bit better than your average free mod, which kind of warrants the price tag. Maybe not the full 10€ (it is VERY short...) but it is on discount often, and 5€ is not too much. A few pros and cons:+ The story is not too complex but told OK. Nice idea with the marine background used as narration.+ Level design is mostly beautiful. A bit repetitive but still good.+ New voice and music is refreshing.- Too many unnecessary details that distract you from your actual goal. The charme of the HL series is to give you exactly the right level of detail to guide you through the levels without noticing too much. In Prospekt you feel the designer wanted to let things look ""realistic"", sacrificing this core principle.- It confronts you with ""puzzles"" (e.g. steam that does not kill you but prevents you from going on) but does not help you to solve those. You run around and - if you are lucky - run into what the developer had in mind for you to do. Which is often not the obvious thing.- As usual: too short :)"
,Recommended,399120,21303706,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Wild,"I love this game. I haven't finished it yet but I am very close. I will agree that the story is a little confusing as a lot of things aren't explained. However, if you don't care much about the story and just like playing Half-Life games then this is great. The levels I think are really well done. The voicing and music is great. It really does feel like a Half-Life game Valve could have done, obviously with a bit of changes. I do recommend this game if you are a fan of the Half-Life series. I think they did a great job!"
,Recommended,399120,21305021,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sieuwe,"This game was developed by one man. I didn't know what I should expect, but I finished the game in one run. I love shooting combines.The end took a long time and I had to noclip sometimes to find my way, but that doesn't bother me.If you just want a game for shooting combine, then play Prospekt."
,Recommended,399120,21306542,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DMStewart,"Absolutely worth the $ - Nice story, all the levels are nicely made. My only gripe is that on Normal there is an area that seems way too difficult for ""Normal"". Being a seasoned HL creep, I should be able to navigate that encounter even if it takes me a few tries. I cant get it even on Normal. I dont want to lower the difficulty to Easy but I may have to in order to get through that part. And that would be upsetting. However, I may be able to get it on Easy and then reload a previous save and then get it on Normal. I couldnt live with myself if I had to revert to ""easy"". I save the ""Easy"" difficulty for the girls and my games ""Normal"" because life is ""Difficult"".This is easily a 10/10. Maybe something later on in the game totally ruins that perfect score but I doubt it. Buy this game and if you run into any ""Difficult"" girls sit them down and bet them $1,000 that they cant beat the game. Right when they are going to give up tell them that you wont hold them to their end of the $1,000 if they just...well, you get the drift. Thats how how make ""difficult"" girls ""easy"" so you can play your HL games on ""normal"". I wish you good fortune, or in your tongue, ""godspeed"".PS: Dont buy Californium (I make mistakes so you dont have to)"
,Not Recommended,399120,21350370,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,GhostFox,Trash tier.
76561198102058521,Not Recommended,399120,25048338,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[BONG] Anal Cream,"Do not buy this game, it is only about 2 hours long and its gameplay is very very repetitive. I t will get boring about 5 min into this game."
,Recommended,399120,30510247,Posted: 14 March,all,The Freebooter,"I like Prospekt, I want to like it more, but by God goes this game have problems. It's recommended because I don't like giving yay or nays, but it's worth a buy if you follow all the usual caveats.Don't get me wrong, an unofficial turned official sequel to opposing force is something I've wanted since half-life 2 came out; Barney's and Gordon's stories were continued and Shepard's was put into stasis, which i thought was unfair to the character, but I can see why they didn't continue his story.So, Shephard, nondescript marine no. 7892 survived the incident at Black Mesa and was put into stasis, seemingly forever. However, vortigaunts trapped the gman and so (assumedly) all of his 'captives' (for wont of a better word) were released. Shephard is dropped into Nova Prospekt (as the title gives away) and starts working his way through some puzzles, which were fairly cleverly designed and not too challenging.So I thought I could jump into the game on hard mode and wreck a combine concentration camp. What I got was a immersive and absorbing experience with a difficulty curve that is more like the step function. Not going to spoil it for those who haven't played it. I don't know why the torch or HUD doesn't activate until you get your first battery then it works without power in the guage. A mechanic that drains power and makes the armour value of the powered suit higher might be good, just an idea I'm throwing out there.When the shooting started, I encountered my first problem: the reflections didn't load properly leaving the purple and black default texture on all shiny materials. Then I had my second problem: the weapon balance is all over the place. I swear it normally takes less than three-quarters of a clip of smg ammo to kill a combine soldier and the overwatch rifle is the second most overpowered thing in the game; it takes 11 hits to kill a white armoured soldier and not many more to kill you.My next problem is enemy placement. As the game progresses we get a nice half-life-esque manner of breaking up the game;s shooty bits from it's puzzles (the plank to the vent annoyed me to the point of noclipping to get the other planks since it was just tedious busywork), however, the sheer number of enemies in some places is huge and it always takes more ammo to kill them than you loot from their bodies, so you're in a constant battle to be conservative in a run-and-gun style shooter. There were two particularly tense moments in gameplay: one where I had 20 shotgun shells and I was shooting soldiers in the nuclear reactor and one where I was fighting two hunters and I used all of my overwatch rifle and shotgun ammo and I was using my peashooter and about 4 health to kill them in the end. It worked, after the eighth try...This is a good game, but it is overshadowed by half-life 2, it feels like it's younger brother who has to work extra hard to get the same grade. Assume anything I didn't mention to be on par with half-life 2, and that is ♥♥♥♥ing high praise, especially as I played both games back-to-back.TL:DR read the review you lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I ain't giving you a summary."
,Recommended,399120,35212790,Posted: 25 September,all,Dino,"This game had a great storyline and a cool ending, but the part I want to focus on is the looks...There were some ups and downs with the looks of this game:For one, the game creators definitely saw that hl2 was a bit bland in terms of colour and lighting.Because of this they made everything look, maybe just a bit too, juicy. I believe it was a good thought, but they might have gotten a bit overboard with the colours. On the other hand, the lighting was perfect for me, everything was giving of its own light and even in the dark rooms you could still make out walls and objects, much like in real life (once your eyes had adjusted to the dark.) Another thing to point out was the textures took a leap in the contrast, shine, and general look of them. I believe that leap was one in the correct direction.Overall, the graphics in this game were amazing, even though the colour was a bit overboard it still fit in with the look of everything. Thanks for reading...-Dino-"
,Recommended,399120,21302505,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Vichan,A short but sweet journey through never-before seen areas of Nova Prospekt and beyond.Don't expect this game to re-invent the wheel or fill that HL3 shaped hole in your heart. Instead enjoy a relatively short but challenging passion project that's the result of two years of hard work.
,Not Recommended,399120,21355013,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,iOrange,This is a piece of sh*t. Don't pay 10 bucks for this.
,Recommended,399120,34696069,Posted: 2 September,all,NamJuneRobot,"I'm sorry, but why don't people like this game?"
,Not Recommended,399120,21306696,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ichirus,"I can't reccomend the game for this price at all. The difficulty is insanely difficult even on normal difficulty, and only lasted about 3 hours. I was also dissapointed that despite saying ""Gordon Freeman is slowly being overrun by soldiers in the prison, however unknown to him, his Vortigaunt allies manage to find some help from a forgotten hero,"" you don't hear about Gordon at all, you don't see him, and there's no real tie-in to Gordon's story. Some of it does seem good at the beginning, but it quickly tosses you every weapon, has way too much shooting and rushing at you, and offers no plot. Wasn't worth the pre-release price.Save your money, skip this game for now."
,Not Recommended,399120,21305573,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,aleske,"May be the guy who created this Source mod (I can't call it a true game) is really obsessed with Combine aestethics, and can produce some good art, but the gameplay... IT SUCKS. And the story... what story? There's no story.Welcome to endless, tedious, boring as hell firefight-with-combine-soldiers-simulator.And seriously overpriced for that length."
,Recommended,399120,21890909,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,~{GG}VeKtor_Pr0,"This mod is one of the best I played.I really don't understand why people keep hating on it,but understand that it's a modification for HL2 create by ONE SINGLE MAN,so it's very good from this point of view.PROSGameplay is awesomeShepard is my favourite character from the HL seriesGMAN and Vortigaunts fightGraphics are more good than HL2,they are like HL2 Lost CoastAmazing EndingCONSEnemies are OP even on EasyGame sometiems lags.Very short for 10 Euros.This Mod is with moneyThis mod needs 10 Euros not 5 Euros or free (and this is the most fatal con because all people are hating on it because it's 10 ♥♥♥♥ing euros)7/10 Could be betterBut I'm a good guy and I give this a recommend."
,Recommended,399120,21335478,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,twitch.tv/djslate,This is pretty much a short action game with some puzzles based in the HL2 Universe.Pros -Solid action gameplay.Overall feel and graphics are great.Puzzles aren't too hard that you get stuck.Somewhat cool story concept.Cons -Voice acting was terrible at times and the story too...Find some minor bugs.Kind of a short game wants you wanting more.
,Not Recommended,399120,21717340,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,PixelTwitch,AVOID!Much better mods for free!Game is poorly designed from a gameplay perspective and boring as all hell.I appreciate that the developer actually finished a game and respect for that!That does not mean its worth a single second of your time though!
,Not Recommended,399120,26126197,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Jacket,"paid way too much for thisway too hard, even on easy and mediumway too short"
,Recommended,399120,21873327,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Sсandinavian Orange,"Even though the story differed to the end into something entirely different, it remains a good game. With a return to Xen and an alright plot, I'd give prospekt a good 7/10. Best of luck with the studio, Richard!"
,Recommended,399120,21297052,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,EliTe,"Playing Prospekt immesed me in a different Half-Life experience.Completing the game in just 2.1 hours it was worth the money as I did not regret the purchase after completion.I purchased it when it was on the sale price.Communicating with Richard was a golden experience, I could tell he was passionate into putting maximum effort into this game and I'd definitely give it about a 9/10 for what it is.TL:DR Review------------------------Think with tele-portalsEpisode 3Review-------------------Playing as Adrian Shepherd, you come acrossSpooky-Man(G-Man) who places you in Nova Prospekt, where Gordon Freeman is in need of assistance.At the beginning the story is commenced as you walk through Nova Prosepkt hearing the sounds of the usual.. combine soldiers dieing, AR shots firing and scary mechanical sounds.Throughout, you begin to pick up more of what's going on, it's a bit confusing to grasp but it's a game you should really play in long playthroughs.Taking in that Richard was single-handedly building this game, I respect him for making it a stand-alone game and creating Xen. It's a short play of Xen but definitely looks good in my books for the Source engine.I don't want to give any of it away but there aren't really any Opposing Force weapons which I won't fault since the gameplay makes up for this.Ammo is scarce when it needs to be, but when you do have ammo you do find yourself running for cover to try and spare those last rounds. This created a really great combat experience.There are recycled materials from Half-Life 2 but when you reach the whole Combine base you come across really really futuristic stuff.. I mean likeCOOLstuff. Some combines are reskinned but you have to wait til' later in the game to experience some of the new things.No bugs were found in my experienced gameplay. Just headcrabs, manhacks and hunters.Overall I would definitely say give this game a try if you do not want a mod, it's a stand-alone game that gives you a really good Half-Life 2 reboot experience, but in an Opposing Force point of view.Hopefully I'll be seeing myself doing a walkthrough of Prospekt. (as a guide/video)"
76561198083752517,Not Recommended,399120,32960142,Posted: 28 June,all,Windrade,"Honestly i don't know how the hell they managed to f*ck up the Source Engine's lighting so bad.It's really incredible, it takes some serious skills to:- Make the game lag whenever the flashlight is turned on- Create a constant fog 10 meters away from the player- Make dark rooms so dark you literally can't see anything (especially frustrating at the beginning)- Make things in the dark clearly visible when you're a couple of meters away, and then become pitch black all of a sudden when you get closer, forcing you to turn on the aforementioned lag switch (a.k.a. flashlight)Besides, this sh*t costs as much as Half Life 2, which is now 0,99 due to a 90% discountI think it should have been the opposite: i wouldn't spend more than a couple of euros on this. There are a ton of mods that are free and don't have these problems.Here are my specs, for those who believe i can't run this game:OS: Windows 10 Pro 64-bitCPU: Intel Core i7 4790 @ 3.60GHz HaswellRAM: 16,0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 785MHz (10-10-10-30)Motherboard: ASUSTeK COMPUTER INC. H97M-E (SOCKET 1150)GPU: 2047MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 Ti ASUSHDD: 931GB TOSHIBA DT01ACA100 (SATA)"
76561198121874416,Recommended,399120,21306557,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,a_daol,"TO ALL OF YOU WHO DIDNT LIKE THE GAME!This is exactly why Valve is so hesitant to make another HALF LIFE game.Its very easy to criticize and conmplain about stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥or about any flaw or anything you guys can pick on, when in reality this is a great game and Its so cool to play in the universe of half life once again...Could it have been a better product?Yes, but you have to take into consideration that Valve did not hire Rich and took his project to the next level, plus hello! its only $10 bucks.Valve ovbiously dont want to hear from all of you naggers and critics all the bs that you might not like...and by releasing half life 3 this type of negative reviews would happen to Valve from alot of you people...and why would they want that if they are making billions and dont want any type of negative reviews!Just think about it and support the half life universe and developers like Rich who did his best to deliver a great game.I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,399120,21325689,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,shamd,"Keep in mind while reading that this game was made by 1 person.Excellently made environments, truly capture the atmosphere of half life games.Decent voice acting.  About as good as you can get for a mod made by some guy.Excellent music.The combine voices are completely redone and they are done VERY well.  I'm very impressed.Level design could use work.  A lot of times I found myself saying ""wait... that couldve been done differently...""Gunplay is quite boring.  The game starts off with lots of puzzles but as it progresses its just a corridoor shooter without any puzzles or interesting pieces.The intro sequence is incredibly drawn out, and boring, albeit very visually impressive.Get this game if you're a fan of half life, its definitely worth it.  Not sure I can justify the 10 dollar price tag, but it definitely is more half life, and you can really tell that the creator put a huge amount of effort and love into it."
,Recommended,399120,21308987,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Spooky Patch,"Incredibly Amazing. The Soundtrack has  a very good mix of Ambiental and Action Focused, The Level design is amazing and the Gameplay is just wonderful.Much like Half Life 2 I never ran out of ammo completely and the new addition of extra ammunition in the AR2 and the Shotgun was just amazing, The are some parts that do represent a Challange specially the Final Boss area and the Section with the Window to the Outer Space,Xen is indeed present and it looks wonderful, however the area is very short which was kinda of a dissapointment, however it wasnt the Creator's Fault but in fact Valve's Own fault for not adding any Xen Related Enemies in any Source Games so I do understand that there isnt point on making Xen much larger without any Alien Enemies.To Be Honest I Think this Game is as good as a Game not made by Valve itself can be9/10"
,Recommended,399120,21310761,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[BiZzNaStY] Ineedblooood,"If it's Valve approved, it's got to be good. Richard Seabrook put his heart into this game and worked on it for two years straight. You can tell it really paid off."
,Recommended,399120,23460364,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,TheOldCatcher 13,"Yes, Becuase Its a great and amazing story and come back of the forgetton hero.Also I didnt epect to hear and see Cop. Sepered agian and im quit decied they dont want to forget about cop. sepered. And one last thing, when i was playing it there were diolog back in the boot camp and I can get the feeling and background of sepred and i finally what was the reacton of the marines.P.S         Thank you for bringing back sepered and I was suprised.-Michael .FAnd sorry if i spell things wrong. :("
,Recommended,399120,21514987,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,BOT Carrot,"If you liked the combat in Half-Life 2, this game is for you. Prospekt is about a three hour campaign of non-stop combat. Lots of running. Lots of shooting. Lots of it. I don't remember a time when I wasn't running and shooting. And it's a heckuva lot of fun.However, you'd be hard pressed to find anything else of value in this game. About 85% of the game is exactly the same. I meanexactlythe same. The walls and floors look the same, the lighting is the same, and you're shooting the same people with the same guns. I'll admit, it got a bit tiring.The storytelling was rather poor as well. I still don't have any ideawhyI was running and shooting. Personally, I didn't care about that too much, but if you want any sort of coherent narrative, look elsewhere.Overall, Prospekt doesn't offer anything fresh or new to the Half-Life universe, but mowing down Combine is still as fun as ever. Maybe not worth full price, but certainly worth a play."
76561198198419498,Recommended,399120,23556626,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Adrian Shephard,I am a big fan of the half life series and this game for me is just perfect it takes place after the event in black mesa and you are playing again with our favourite marine Adrian Shephard the game have fantastic graphic just lice half life 2 but better and a good story and awesome soundtrack and show the real combine power and technology the game starts in the nova prospekt prison while Gorden Freeman is making his way to save Eli Vance you have to help gorden to carry out its mission i don't found any bugs in my walktrought and for me this game is awesome and i don't know why theres  is so many people that are saying that the difficulty is too OP for me its just perfekt and also i recommend to all not to read negative reviews for this game and simply know that this game is just great i give this game 10/10 and just go and type one thank you! to the creator of this game because he need to know that the people like his games to make more aweosme games like prospekt i highly reccomended this game for every half life fan and for everyone els^^^!!!
76561198046903971,Recommended,399120,23464704,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Gin,A very nice game to play & add to your Half-Life collection.If you don't... your loss !
76561197970758819,Not Recommended,399120,21305308,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,PooBone,"Not good.  The story about this game arriving at Valve and then being given the green light was enough to get me to preorder.  Big whoops there.  This has AMATEUR MOD written all over it.  The puzzles, the environments, the path through the levels... it's all presented in a less-than-stellar (non-Valve) fashion.  It feels like a whole lot of effort was put in by someone who really didn't pick up on what made the puzzle and encounter design in Half Life 2 so special.  A shame, really, that this is all we get in the last 9 years from one of my favorite universes in video games."
76561197979469257,Recommended,399120,21324713,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Lucas Varo,"7,5/10I really enjoyed the journey and isn't that what a good game is all about - a great experience?For a one man project Prospekt is an amazing achievement and you can really tell that Richard put in some long hours and hard effort into making it happen.The ""design"" in the level design was great, the levels had an awesome level of detail and sense of place and purpose. However, they often came out stale, too symetrical and too perfectly organized to really feel alive - which is probably why the levels felt at it's best during the combine sections of the game where the sterile, lifeless and too well organized really reflected the combine philosophy.But even though the levels were great to look at, from a gameplay perspective they didn't really provide any sensible props such as covers considering it was an experience focused on hectic battles with waves of enemies.As far as the Half-Life experience goes Richard made an outstanding job with the feeling and atmosphere.  Outstanding sound design, new voice overs, voice acting and music made the game feel fresh, professionall and intriguing.The gameplay does however suffer from putting the player far too often right in the crossairs of turrets and multiple machine guns with no cover or escape in sight, forcing the player to press the f9 button just a tad to frequently even on the normal difficulty.A nice and well polished experience, but a bit too pricey considering the content.I am however  looking forward to future projects from the developer and would welcome some updates with fresh content and covers thrown into the levels, making the price totally worth it!"
,Recommended,399120,34656893,Posted: 1 September,all,VWActiveVW,"At least, I don't have to wait H3 :)"
,Recommended,399120,22863333,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ThaddeusV,It's good. Worth picking up if you enjoyed Half-Life.
76561197973612602,Not Recommended,399120,24643174,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,countvoo,"Good game play...untill being attacked by the striders.(After a hour of tries, and finally finding a secure place that I had clear shots while striders could not detect me), Missile launched 3 head-shots then unloaded every other gun onto strider everything had the effectiveness as if I was shooting with a daisy B-B gun against a tank! ....deleted game all the fun gone.I don't know what makes a game ""so good"" when the enemies are so over-powered over player's weapons , but evidently that is the benchmark for many(?)"
,Not Recommended,399120,23239719,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,reeEEEE,"This is a story of a sandwich. Prospekt was that sandwich. It was that perfect sandwich, the perfect next sandwich in the perfect Half-Sub trilogy. It wasn't Half-Sub 3, but it was good enough. You'd wanted to eat an official Half-Sub sandwich for years. It was that sandwich you'd crave all day, and finally pay $15 (!?!?) for. And then you'd take a big, juicy bite of it... and realize it was made of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ And then die.1. There are tons of useless, ugly, annoying effects, ""flashbacks"", etc. it doesn't help that these come up in the middle of fights and stuff. They make no sense, they're annoying, and they ♥♥♥♥ing hurt your eyes and give you a headache.2. There's no damn story! Well, unless you count the cheesy dialogue that tells me everything I already know, and the flashbacks going through shepherd's day before the incident, which by the way contains ""your mom"" jokes.3. There's not even any gameplay. No, wandering aimlessly, killing huge hordes of combine soldiers and pressing buttons that open doors is not gameplay. In Half-Life 1 & 2 at least there's story or context or something to guide you so you're not completely lost. I get the feeling this guy only played the original games once, and didn't even pay attention to the dialogue.4. Countless other things, including bad level design (he fires the flashback lines on a ♥♥♥♥ing timer), a magical crowbar that gives you an HEV suit, pointless, annoying, endless effects, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""gameplay"" and ""story""... Ugh.5. I hate almost everything about this game except PARTS of the level design. The layout of the maps are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but the detailing is actually quite nice. It's essentially the only thing that's on-par or maybe even slightly better than what you'd see in an official Half-Life game. But of course it's completely ruined by everything else. I can only imagine what whoever at Valve first saw this thought when the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Vortigaunt impression came on.6. The crap it says in the description about there being new assets, high resolution (whatever), etc. etc. is true. Yeah, all the assets are different. FROM THE ORIGINAL OPPOSING FORCE. They're there to make you think they replaced the Half-Life 2 assets, but they actually ARE Half-Life 2 assets and they just mean they used higher quality assets from the original Opposing Force. This right here, I think, proves that this guy was totally just in it for the money. And he flopped right on his damn face. That description is such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it makes me angry.TL;DR This is not the Half-Life game you've been waiting for. This isn't even a game. It's not even a mod! It's a damn Half-Life 2 map pack. If you however just HAVE to play it, at least get it on a sale for like $0.50 or something.2/10"
76561198173306587,Recommended,399120,22978472,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Enemy64,"This game is great,seriously if I was told this game was made by valve and not one person I would of belived them,this game has a good amount of action and puzzles some some fun others annoying all this acompanyed by an amazing soundtrack, I hope he releases the soundtrack as DLC or somthing to listen to separately the soundtrack in seriously this is worth the $10 alone I seriously can't wait to see whats in store for us in the future.Wow I use the word seriously way to much.Also forgot to mention there are some places where you can get stuck but the game is still great."
,Not Recommended,399120,27587002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nintyuk,"This game is not a true HL expeience. It is worth paying for, for the content that it provides(When on sale preferably) but it laks all the polish and great elements that made HL2 a iconic and great game.I apreciate the effort and ideas put in to this but I actually feel that it is held back greatly by trying to be part of the HL2 world as very few of the enviroments suit HL2 limited weapon set and feel very barren and static without the need for Gravity gun ammo as also :spoiler: you never get the gravity gun; arguably the most core part of the HL2 gameplay experience.And the final nail in the coffin is that while the game is super linear it never gives you any indication on where to go or what to do, meaning you will stumble around hitting the button to proceed without finding the place it opens first.A cheap way to burn a few hours but not something to seek out specifically to play."
,Not Recommended,399120,21305049,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Crozix,"The visual was great, flashbacks was annoying.The worst was the gameplay.  It was either long periods of silent, or long periods of combat without breathing room. I couldn't walk thru doors, exit elevators, or turn a corner without being shot at.I would sadly say the game is below mediocre, and wouldn't really recommend the game to anyone else than serius half life fans."
,Not Recommended,399120,21311959,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Bong,"Xen, Shephard and Gordon are traps.Cons:- I don't understand why 2 hours of gameplay without changing anything to the game took so long to create. Obviously no programming or modeling skills, it's stock game. The guy also left garbages in the directory of the mod (extraction tools, crash logs, screenshots, really?).- Flashbacks were interesting until it started to become repetitive and annoying.- The story, if there's any, makes no sense and tells nothing.- The chapters are way too short.- Xen? wtf Xen?Pros:- The maps look good.- Some beautiful effects.- Some creativity in the combine environment.Conclusion:I would have made a positive review for a FREE mod. The guy would make an OK level designer, but obviously due to lack of knowledge he can't make anything else. I don't understand why this mod was approved by Valve."
76561197982949100,Not Recommended,399120,21305858,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Decay,"After pre-ordering Prospekt, I was excited at the prospect (pun intended) of continuing the adventure of Adrian Shepherd to see where he would go from being placed in stasis by the G-Man so many years ago. ""Opposing Force"" was by far my favorite of the old ""Quake"" engine ""Half Life"" games. Now I know it was made by one person, and I'll give them that to their credit.After playing the game, I must say that I'm conflicted. While it's clear some effort was made to make a true to ""Half-Life"" experience, there's a lot that undid the main goal. First of all, is the premise that Shepherd is freed by the Vortigaunts in order to help Gordon Freeman. At no point did I feel like I assisted Gordon whatsoever, like at all. A trip to Xen made me feel like I was playing on my Nintendo 64 again with all the fogging and little draw distance. A lot of the directions in the game were unclear, as was figuring what I had to do at some points. Don't get me started at the ""core"" sequence which still confuses me now. All the settings felt recycled, the enemies waiting by every door became predictable and used a lot of cop-out elements that the main source materials ""Half Life"", never used.Graphics are noticeably tweeked, and while a lot of other gamers didn't enjoy it, I thought the flashbacks in Shepherd's mind were well done. The return to familiar areas and seeing alternative views was interesting at first. A lot just felt like it was tacked in because, why not. The Hunters felt forced, out of place, and were actually easier to kill than the Combine soldiers...which leads onto the next point. How can they all of a sudden take clips after clips of ammunition into them, while they hit me a few times and I am near death?It's not that it's a terrible game, it's just not what anyone would expect for a paid experience, especially one in which we were finally expecting a cool return of the Corporal.Overall, at half the price, it might be worth it, but as is, it's a 5/10 from me!"
76561198034437421,Recommended,399120,21672789,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,K0vinis suo,"It's good game, but could be longer story. :) I give 10 for this game."
76561198090557623,Recommended,399120,21990464,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,martianinferno98,"This was a great game and I literally enjoyed. No wonder there are so many negative reviews.Pros:Continues off from Half-life: Opposing ForceCreated in memory of the creator's nan, who passed away with cancer (SPOILERS)Cons:Flashbacks are detailed in white and blue-black thus making it harder to kill enemiesNot enough enemies! I was hoping to see the fast and poison zombies, Combine Striders and Combine GunshipsWould rate this 10/10"
76561197970792898,Not Recommended,399120,21312709,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,vinny,"The other negative reviews pretty much sum up this games failures. DO NOT waste your money on this. Even if you can get it free, don't waste your time on it!"
,Recommended,399120,23816294,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,לולומין ダ الشعار 的 Солнца,"Better quality for a mod, but some problems still remain. Good game though and I hope the developer keeps making games. I would buy this on sale for sure."
,Not Recommended,399120,21305083,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Norwegian Loser,i was very disappointed with this fan sequel to half life opposing force it feels like a very lazy mod that costs money For no real reason might i add. im almost sure anyone can find a FREE half life opposing force sequel mod that is free on MOD DB that is way better then this
,Recommended,399120,28908618,Posted: 1 January,all,Samsah,"It was fun 130minutes that it took to beat the game (without bonus maps). Didn't rush or anything, took some time to look around the rooms and found some gnomes having a party in a vent.Subtitles were buggy or missing, missed some dialog beacause of that.Would not recommend anyone that has not played Half-Life/Opposing Force. Even for HL fans the price/playhours ratio doesn't really meet (bought on sale 3,39€).But who I am to judge? I got tons of games on my steam account that I have not even played...Anyhow, looking for the authors next game that Prospekt is supposed to fund."
76561198114513214,Recommended,399120,23534744,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,its hiraeth u dumbs,dope.
76561198138593076,Recommended,399120,23626666,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Последний рыцарь,A really good game towards the end at the start is quite bad but towards the end and in Xen best half life:opposing force game I recomend it 10/10
,Not Recommended,399120,21308922,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SpaceBiker Ivan,"Pretty terrible.Its very poorly written, no apparent plot, boring and the flashbacks get annoying, there are too many and they keep on coming.Seems like the developer is unfamiliar with the story Half-Life.Has too many enemies, there are few short breaks between an excessive amount of enemies, occaisionally there will be a large room with little cover to fend off a lot of enemies.Often not clear on where to go, and poorly structured."
76561197971879813,Recommended,399120,21366439,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mr_no_name,"I think a lot of the other reviews here are pretty harsh.. It's not HL3, but it was never supposed to be. As a spin off to HL2 I think this game is great. The problem is that this game has so much to live up to bearing the Half-Life branding.Pros:Challenging enemies.Interesting level design.A mix of head on and open space combat.Great voice work.Well done cut scenes at the start and end.Cons:Flash backs get annoying as they interrupt game play.I found myself confused as to what Shepard's goal was. Obviously to help Freeman but other than at the very start it doesnt really mention this.It would have been nice to see a bit more ""opposing force"" about the game (e.g. pipe wrench instead of the crowbar)Overall the pros of this game massively outway the cons in my opinion. It was nice to be back in the HL universe after all this time. The fact that this was written by one man is incredible. Great work Richard, dont let the negative reviews get you down, cant wait to play your next title!"
76561197961947656,Recommended,399120,21353268,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,D~,"Well made. It is fun and has nice half-life game play.REMEMBER, it is made by 1 man compared to game developing studio with a big budget, so ignore all the suckers with bad reviews, kids who have no idea how much time this takes and how much detail went into this.Of course, it is not perfect, but hands down, well made and finally something new on the half-life market"
,Recommended,399120,22068542,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Daddy AF,"This game is the first game I have endorsed because I thought the effort put in was well worth my time to express how I feel about this mod.Pros.1. The Aesthetic. MAN! The design of the levels and a lot of the effects and particles used are WAY COOL! Really pretty game! Animations were unique and well done.2. The game play hit head on with what you would feel in any other Half-Life game. This game is a lot more challenging however and a lot of people disliked that but I loved it!3. I was really surprised at how good the soundtrack fit the setting of Shepard. Really tense and awesome.Cons.1. Now there's really only one or two that I can think of, and it was the voice acting for the combine. It wasn't bad but it's not like the stuff you'd hear from the actual Half-Life games themselves. The pitch was kid of off and the filter for the radio chatter was too clear. Also, how do they know Shepard's name? (Not that it's really an issue, it was kinda cool)2. The opening of the game could use a little polish with the vortigaunts talking to you, I don't feel like it really sets the atmosphere of the game. The ending was kinda cool and ambiguous but Gman's animation or scripted event in general could use a little work.WHAT I'D LIKE TO SEE IN FUTURE UPDATES:More HL1 inspired weapons maybe? (A little ambitious but sounds SUPER cool :P)More enriched gameplay and integrated levels would be REALLY nice. I thought the soldier dialog from bootcamp was a really nice touch and would like to see more of that kind of integration.Overall 8.5/10 on the game and I have and will continue to recommend this mod and I am very excited to see where it goes!"
,Not Recommended,399120,21713816,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Blobster21,"I bought this game, and i asked a refund after playing it for 2 hours.I couldn't stand any longer those overtly sexist and homophobic, boring flashback voices, which serves no pupose AT ALL.Congratulation, it took only one mod for you guys to make yourself looks like total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197973358875,Recommended,399120,21515079,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Oden33390,it is amazing other than the ending where gman kills the vortigaunts
,Recommended,399120,22564224,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,supereldoncloud,"I am putting a thumbs up on this game but there are some issues.1. OK, first of all this is not worth $10 at least at this point, when you consider the free mods out there with high replay value. But I will not compare this to free mods. If this game is on sale, pick it up if it's at $5 or less, the way it is right now.2. There are differences between Freeman and Shephard. To be a true Opposing Force sequel, Shephard must start off with the wrench and not the crowbar. I mean, that's just basics.3. The game is very repetitive. Combine computers everywhere, pushing the same button to open door after door of combine soldiers. It's a prison, I get it. Prisons are built very much in this way, and Nova Prospekt is probably no different. However, teleporting to different areas, such as Xen (which only lasted 5 minutes) should bring about some surprises. This game does not.4. The Valve support and greenlight convinced me to buy this game. I would have probably skipped on it knowing what I know now. Talking as if this is some sort of Opposing Force sequel is a good way to get someone to buy this game, but when you play it, you realize that it does not give you the feeling that it really is a sequel or even related to Opposing Force at all. The voice acting does barely OK, however there is more pointless trash talking than actual Half-Life semantics going back and forth.The game's soundtrack, overall level design (besides the massive amounts of combine computers), and trading cards save the game from getting no review at all from me. The soundtrack is awesome, and fits well within the gameplay. The overall cubemap design is decent, minus the lack of creative mechanics within the map design (such as repetitive computer buttons from room to room). Also, as I am writing this review, trading cards are available and I hope they come frequent considering the price of this HL2 mod rehash. I will reboot a new game on this at least once a year to acquire trading cards simply because I bought the game, and that's about it. If and when this game sees some available achievements, the replay value of Prospekt will grow.I hope this game sees more improvements and updates. Trading cards already give this game value. Shephard's default weapon must be the wrench. Some achievements would be good. Improvements and updates are much needed."
,Recommended,399120,23130576,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Enceladus,"As i play this game and finish it.... Its a really good game!If you are surprise, let me explan. Im a huge fan of Half life games and even to this day, Half life 2 is my favorite game of all time. Now this game is every Half-lifeish. You play as Shephard, the guy from Half life OF. You're in Nova  Prospekt and you kill the combine soliders. Like any other half life game. The pros are, Nice new textures, nice level design, voice acting, and story. But theres some cons like, to much fighting. I think there should be like a half chapter once in every 3 or 4 chapters. Explaning the story more and some puzzles. But I think the game is very good and i think you should check it out."
,Not Recommended,399120,21308597,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,elliot picaro,It's not very good.But it's okay.
,Recommended,399120,24003789,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nold,"Indeed there were problems with this game, and these problems were annoying, and I was angry at this game. I thought this game was a waste of $8, but shortly after I purchased this game, the developer announced he would be making changes to the game, and the ones he listed were asked for by the community, and he has been doing this for almost a year. It's nice to know a man who spent 2 years working on the great, beautiful, and kinda fun game, is taking another year to fix and let gamers have the best experience they can have. Now you might be wondering, ""Details? Come on! Details! Really? No details on the game?"". Well I can tell you, asides from the problems I had, Prospect is a great sequel toOpposing force, as hl1 andOpposing forcetake place in the same time, along with Half-Life 2 and Prospekt, which is nice to see. Prospect introduces many beatiful textures, graphics, and a story. Prospekt is a great game.Except for one thing.TheWrench✮✮✮✮"
,Not Recommended,399120,24170095,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Trevor,If you are looking for a fan made sequel to hl2 dont get this one. The storyline makes no sense at all and where the hell is gordon freeman? It is taking forever for the creators of this game to release new modes for this game.Avoid this at all costs.UPDATE:I've noticed a new update for prospekt which is the black forest update and what i have noticed is just reskined combine soldiers. which is sad. plus you are only in xen for like 5 minutes.We need a more of a fun game than just staying in the same area for like a million years. plus they haven't even released episode 1 yet. I find it that i am concerned about what is taking forever. Also we don't need shepard once again. Unless gordon freeman is involved in it.
,Not Recommended,399120,21333291,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,aaaaaaa,I am actually in a bad mood after playing this. How the ♥♥♥♥ did you spend 2 years developing this? What a joke jesus christ.
76561198036144400,Recommended,399120,21432841,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MotleyCrueFan #67,"Pros-Great Graphics-Great Gameplay-Great backstory about Shepard-Great storyline-Shows Xen again, and hints that the combine have taken it over.-Accurate looks for Nova Prospket-New Technology appearance-Valve Approved-Made by one man in two yearsCons-Short-Broken Subtitles"
,Recommended,399120,21444747,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ebaniy_MONSTR,"i love this game , for 2 hours of gameplay I got a lot of emotions i did not see any minuses but where is achivments ? please add achivments. my evaluation is 8/10. ( sry for my very bad english )"
76561197991096666,Recommended,399120,25185110,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Richter_Belmont_Scale,Much better than people say it is. Still priced too high.
,Not Recommended,399120,26180198,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Bratwurst,"Looking good but had to choose ""negative"" because it froze my computer twice within 20 minutes therefore unplayable. Always happened during loading a saved game. Hoping for a fix. Also the support website seems offline, so no way to contact the developer."
,Recommended,399120,21828259,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,xamox,Pretty good continuation of the half life series as a side game.  Worth the price I paid and testament that they need to make either episode 3 or half life 3.
76561198289436943,Recommended,399120,21926258,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,bubbyroller2000,Takes a bit of sussing out but when you do it is quite fun
76561197972631029,Not Recommended,399120,21408155,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Glock24,"The intro is very long and visually unpleasant. I was bored before the game started. Even after this long intro, I did not know what was happening. During the flashbacks that supposedly tell the story there are more unpleasant visual effects that add nothing but discomfort while playing (or trying to play). The little I played felt unimaginative, repetitive and boring. I had good expectatinons based on all the hype this ""game"" generated. I went on to read some reviews and almost everyone had similiar (bad) experience as me, so I just asked for a refund while I still could.Even as a free mod I would not rate this as recommended,"
,Recommended,399120,21915189,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,MrFusy,I Like It...That All I Gotta Say Aint The Best But I Enjoy Playing It Plus Only Problem Is It Being A Paid Mod But All n All Not Bad..
,Not Recommended,399120,21301882,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Point Break,So when's Half Life 3 coming out?
76561198230951896,Recommended,399120,27912862,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pyrosbiggestfan,"While there were some flaws as far as some stuff went, and your lack of inpact on the hl2 plot, it is a very fun game indeed, the combat was amazing. I think he deserves more credit, you guys shouldnt be so hard on him"
76561198036724147,Recommended,399120,27465562,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kilar '98,11/10
76561198150119106,Recommended,399120,28351637,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,bat thumbs121,After playing this im gonna buy half-life 1 and 2 now. Im really looking forward into getting into the half-life series. games on point :)
,Recommended,399120,28265791,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Atlas,"Had a great time playing this, I love the new voices for the combine."
,Recommended,399120,28542386,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,thecommanderox csgolive.com,"While it is very... very rough around the edges, it is still a pretty good Half-Life 2 mod.Pros:-Return to the HL Universe-Can play as Adrian Shepard-You see some newer combine locations.Cons:https://steamcommunity.com/app/399120/discussions/0/154644045356733349/(I Update the List)"
,Recommended,399120,24148004,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FlintEXP,You will get your Half-Life2 fix from this and then some. Great addition to the Half-Life2 Universe.
76561198156562110,Recommended,399120,30608413,Posted: 18 March,all,[TRC]  Plushman1YT,This game is pretty great...just making this short. :P
76561197974185494,Recommended,399120,29273970,Posted: 15 January,all,Miften,"It was good to be back into Half-Life universe!And I like what you have done to the textures, lightning and darkness overall.Good job!"
76561197998262904,Recommended,399120,29266549,Posted: 14 January,all,Mike J,Excellent stand-alone-level that certainly keeps Half-Life alive and kicking!Hope Richard Seabrook follows through and delivers another as promised requiring of course he prospered enough to keep going- look forward to it- thanks Richard!Half-Life Rocks: you know it!
,Recommended,399120,30918960,Posted: 3 April,all,Sir Jonas Kappa,love it
,Not Recommended,399120,23389544,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,9seed,"I bought the game knowing it was terrible.I was still disapointed. HOWEVER, the guy who made this has been realy good about fixing this and listening to community feedback.10/10 woud be disspointed again.If you're here to see a bad game (for whaterver reason) then here it is. Poor level design makes you miss a scripted sequence, bland combat, and hardly anything is explained to you. It's been a while since i have played it, and there have been numorus updates, but this game is slowly being broken by it's paches. The tracks for some scenes go on for far too long, because in an earlier version the soldiers had WAY more health than previously. Everyone wanted this fixed, so the guy did. But the tracks are too long. Some areas don't work well by mere premise, and the first two chapeters are over to fast for shephards arival to mean ANYTHING let alone have any point.thank you."
,Recommended,399120,21294519,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ignatius,"UPDATED REVIEW AT THE BOTTOM:It looks to be quite good. I have played around 40 minutes so far and I think that most haf life fans will enjoy this game and quite a lot of other people will too. For one person to have made this it is quite an achievement.It is NOT a mod- it is standalone and does not require Half Life 2The first chapter is very atmospheric and eerie- it reminded me of the feeling I got playing Ravenholm in HL2 for the first time.The second has a lot of combat. The combat is okay but on normal difficulty I found the marines hard to kill with the SMG especially when they often have mounted machine guns. In HL2 you kill Cps first and by the time you are mass killing marines you have lots of ammo.The chapters were also quite dark and the flashbacks whilst interesting did sometimes get annoying.Steam achievements might be a nice addition.Also the subtititles were either no always correct, didnt appear etc.Overall it has potential and is well worth buying to support similar creations being brought to steam!so far 7/10 :DEDIT:I have almost finished the game- it has taken around two and a half hours which is not really comparable to HL2  Ep 2 like the dev said but I guess no one plays quite the same.The next chapters got better.The combat was more enjoyable as I got further and ammo/health was given out more.The Xen level was great- I love jumping from one island to the next and it was nice to see Xen under combine control. I hope the dev will expand this level more in the future, include some of the xen creatures- there was only combine which is a slight disappointment, and perhaps feature the caves and bounce pads from xen we all loved in half life one.The darkness hasn't got much better and I feel that certain areas of the game need brightening up. In contrast many need reducing in their blinding flashes. You may note that I said that I have only nearly finished the game as I am unable to beat the last level. That may just be my skil but I had to turn the difficulty down to easy and that didn't help. The light is blinding and most of the time you can see next to nothing. The screen is also shaking too much. A bit adds to the atmosphere but the dev has gone a little to overboard to the point where the last level is virtually unplayable. It is also made worse by the fact that there are TONS of combine and very little health.It would also be nice to see in the future some of the unique opposing force weapons.I really likedThe reveal that you were in space when you see the earthhowever seeing as this game is called PROSPEKT about NOVA PROSPEKT we only get a little time in that prison. I thought the idea was that we were assisting freeman- I saw none of that! Perhaps if we could see freeman running around on computer screens and then we pressed a button and opened a door for him or diverted some combine to our position instead of his and took them out that would fit the idea of the game? As it is there is little story or defined objectives meaning you do not know what you are supposed to be doing other than that the freeman needs your help and you never seem to be helping him.Apart from that I enjoyed the game quite a lot6.5/10 :DI will probably make a forum post where people could suggest things to the dev- for example I got glitched into a wall at one point causing death and sending my character back very far as I had not many saves."
,Recommended,399120,21307984,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,benji7425,"Mini update: This is more or less combine shooting simulator 2016, but its still pretty fun, and I still recommend it!Half-Life 3 would be really nice, but in its ever enduring absence, this will sate my need for Half-Life for a little while! It is not up to the quality of HL2, or a game made by an entire team, but considering that it was made by a single person, it is fantastic! I am only about 1 hour through when writing this review, so this may yet change, but so far there hasn't been too strong of a plot, although there is setting and reason/motivation provided at the beginning of the game. To be honest though, a 5 star plot is not necessary. For only £7.50, I definitely recommend getting this. It is rekindling my love for Half-Life!"
76561198045996775,Recommended,399120,22177628,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kidcon,"I don't understand why a lot of people are hating on this game, I actually really liked it.  It may not be Half Life 3, but this one guy put a lot of effort into making this game and it turned out pretty good."
,Recommended,399120,21325897,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,The Fat Vegetarian,"~~EDIT~~~The Dev has been updatingthe game and listening to these reviews, and the quality has improved GREATLY.The enemies are easier, and the levels are much more balanced. He may be adding more so stay tuned. Below is my original review:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I can't give this game a bad review or refund it because there's too much I like for it to be terrible, but I agree, buy this ONLY on sale...Pros:+Atmosphere, lighting and,  (other people hate it but I think it's awesome), level design and architecture+Shephard+Decent, (if messed up), voice acting+Music+More Half Life+New Combine soldiers have pretty sick outfitsCons:-Enemies are stupidly hard-Levels look cool but lack meaningful scale or depth-Nothing new in terms of gameplay-Story is meh-Puzzles are hard to determine the solution to while being shot by a bazillion Combine who will take grenades and shotgun blasts to the face and walk away unharmed-Not enough zambiesMeh:+/-Hud and gloves are neat but simply reskins+/-Suit voice is kinda cool+/-Flashbacks (more a con as your fellow soldiers are perverts, but sometimes the flashbacks contain neat info)+/-Lots of first person platforming...LOTS...which isnt bad but again, hard when being shot at by the entire flippin armyI'm not refunding it because it bears the Valve, (perhaps unwisely bestowed), stamp of approval and is therefore more or less canon, and I kinda had fun, but wait for a sale and don't expect a miracle..."
76561198036012682,Recommended,399120,21353093,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Flynn Taggart (Norfindel),"this is so ♥♥♥♥ing good congrats man. This is the first half life game that left me with chill down my spine at the end. All the flashbacks of Adrian Shephard during training for HECU are so amazing and well done. And last but in no way shape or form least travelling back to xen was SO AMAZING it gave me a very big smile. I highly recommend this if you are a big fan of half life opposing force like me,"
,Recommended,399120,21308666,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Vector,I loved this game i pre purchased it I don't understand why there is so much hate on this game. Yes it is hard AND THE ENDING IS NEAR IMPOSSIBLE. It hit me hard in the feels and such do to sherperd and what he does the ending was great the story gamepaly everything and it makes me happy knowing its canon. I wish that his next game would be prospekt 2 or somewhat but knowing that may never happen I wish the dev best of luck on his new game after his break i give it a 10/10 loved it
,Recommended,399120,21299214,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Xelofino,"All you Half Life geeks out there who crave for HL3, but can't get it: This game is amazing, considering it has been made by a single person it is a very pleasureable dive, back into the universe that charms us all with it's extreme surroundings, surreal plot and immense ambience.Thus I say thank you to the developer and buy this game guys so he can feel our appreciation!"
76561198011992767,Recommended,399120,21753651,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sgt. Hawk -=(TRP)=-,"First off I'd like to say that most people giving this game a ""Not Recommended"" probably do not know the first thing about programming games, or for that matter, how hard it is to make a game by YOURSELF. So any of you trying so hard to compare this to games like COD...go back to your couch and sit down.With my nerd rage out of the way, on to the meat of this puppy.Playing as Shepard again after all these years was awesome. Not like Value was doing anyting with him anyway. Overall layout of the game was nice, however it did suffer a few problems. For starters, PTSD flash backs are a good way to tell a story, that is when there is a story to tell. At first I followed things quite well, but then things happened so fast...I was left wondering just what the hell was going on. Then there was the difficulty. Even on Normal...I was getting my butt kicked. But it wasn't too hard that I gave up. No...it generally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to the point of wanting to beat the game to prove a point. No game will beat me...lolI fully understand the limitations the creator was handed. So overall I'd say I loved it. If you are a Half-Life fan, I'd highly recommend it. Great challenge with some room to improve on things."
,Recommended,399120,21297283,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,GeticWolf,yup good game:)
76561198052251501,Recommended,399120,22095638,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Public Enemyv1,"It's a very well done mod. It's obvious the creators took an extra step in making it playable and fun, but why does it take an entire ♥♥♥♥ing mag of SMG ammo to kill one Overwatch dude????The lack of narrative is kinda jarring (I'm in space, wut) and the flashbacks don't really serve a purpose.Overall, decent mod. Make the next game longer (beat this in an hour) 7/10"
76561198278972350,Recommended,399120,23463582,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Wayne,Not a bad game. abit like Half Life.
,Recommended,399120,21302101,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,N E O N,"Игра мне понравилась, это свежий глоток ностальгии, давно забытой игры HL2.Eng: I liked the game , it is a fresh breath of nostalgia , HL2 games long forgotten .Thanks for the game."
,Recommended,399120,21306639,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Gunter,"Well, I'll take what I can get."
,Recommended,399120,21309988,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Black Knight 808,Excellet so far kinda old school with some new added in I like it a little shocking to see loading screens while playing again... only complaint I have is sometimes after I die the game will crash my entire pc and go into a reboot. Considering that this is made by one developer and I am a coder myself mad props to this guy who did this alone. Thank you for all your hard work on this project and I really hope you keep making games.
,Recommended,399120,21310995,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,{yellow}[gsk]crossfire ๑ﭥ,OMG FINALLY A NEW HELF LIF GAME!thx rich
,Recommended,399120,22223510,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,h8r5000,"It's nice to see something ""new"" from the half life ip.not actually that hard, but defintely different gameplay than your usual hl series.still patiently waiting for HL3-VR"
76561198004388443,Recommended,399120,22229958,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,rikster,I am really enjoying this game (mod). I appreciate Mr. Seabrook taking the time to put it together.
,Recommended,399120,21309212,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MidnightDragons,Combine shooting simulator10/10
76561197986828786,Not Recommended,399120,26991986,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ariel (GB),"This is ok ,but it's just another mod which you have to pay for? MINERVA is much much better and its free"
,Not Recommended,399120,28558587,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,✪ δravity™,Can't say that this is a good game because it's very boring...Now for real.. Too many hard fights and nothing new added..I dunno what to say... I don't say that I regret buying this cause it still was an experience..
76561198282887249,Recommended,399120,22252691,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ASDASDASDASD,"Amazing game but not what I expected :) I give it 8.5/10For gamers who never played the half life series, it's an amazing game. Keep up the good work Rich!"
,Recommended,399120,34698030,Posted: 2 September,all,Lowen264,Definetly worth the 2.50.
,Recommended,399120,23750523,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CheeTohPuffZ| Robo Sandvich Plz,"This game is awesome and the new combine soldier (along with the new shotgunner) and you found your way to the moon to stop the combine for getting into xen or maybe getting more of them into our dimension, the teleporting sequences are kinda cool too, well this game is awesome (wait i said it again oh well..) and keep up the good work on making the next game!"
,Recommended,399120,21312251,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sikspak Socal 2,"I don't have to take acid when I play with game, it already has the disorted color for me from time to time. 10/10"
,Recommended,399120,23666516,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Target,"When I initially bought this game, I really liked it despite all its faults. But in the end you can't deny that it is a more than competent game, it looks good, it sounds good and it plays good. A lot of the hate, I think, came from a crowd of people who were dying to get some new Half Life material, this is a Valve approved game, but it wasn't made by Valve but it sure stirred people up and it seems like people were expecting it to be on par with Half Life 3 or something. But this was made by one man, not an entire team of people, and for just one guy this is a damn good game. One major positive I can give is the graphics, the dev must have really modified the engine to put out graphics that look as good as these! It really helps to give the game a kind of depressing mood, it makes the bright areas brighter and the dark areas darker which really improves the atmosphere.Sure it has it's faults, but the dev listens and the most recent update has made the game much better than the initial variant. I do think that saying this has a 'rich story' is pushing it a little too far, the story is a little bare. I feel that this game gets a lot of undeserved hate because thay feel the need to stack it up against other games in the series, It's not a masterpiece but for a few hours it will keep you entertained with some challenging gameplay and some very interesting setpiece moments."
76561197970309711,Not Recommended,399120,24400214,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jonloch,Very routine hard crashes (reboot required) makes this game a no go.
76561198136853104,Not Recommended,399120,22328319,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,syd3d,"Nice try, do not buy..!!!!!!"
,Recommended,399120,21358419,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dutchoper72,Not bad for one guy.
76561197990836013,Not Recommended,399120,24507353,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tyrion Lannister,"Pros :- Graphs it's improved as hell- Good soundtrack- New content here and there- Eye candyCons :- It's too short !- 99% of game it's on a combine base, and 99% of firefights are with combines (not much variation)- Xen level it's too short, and even on Xen there are combines.. Why ?- No bosses..   :-(- Story it's mehI bought it on summer sale for 5 €, maybe the right price it's 3 € (too short basically)Imho go play Black Mesa or other free mods"
,Not Recommended,399120,21886686,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,HARBINGER,"I am very serious now, how can I get my refund?"
76561198020631272,Not Recommended,399120,21335326,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SEVEN AND A SWITCHBLADE,"Awful. Too many pointless sidetracks that never have any purpose, and make me wonder why he expended the effort to include them. As a matter of fact, the entire game felt pointless. You never actually assist Freeman in anyway. There are (pointless) constant ""flashbacks"" (WTF? Have you played a Valve game??) which add absolutely nothing to the story. The entire game is sloppy from start to finish, and the ""reveal"" at the end was about as obvious as a city bus. Cash grab, nothing more, nothing less. Hope it was worth ruining his game dev rep forever... No one is going to give him a job after this castastrophe. I really don't know what he (OR VALVE) was thinking."
76561198252834496,Recommended,399120,28287378,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,topolovacsimo,"pros: awsome grapichs, custom combine voice acting, cool atnosphere, love the level desingh, non stop action.                                                    cons: less weapons, the xen level lasts only 10 mins if not even less (the developer promised to make it longer in future updates),the low frame rate when chandge of level ( for abaut 20 secs it gets better).                                                                                          All in all 7/10 in full price , 9.5/ on sale ."
76561198044361905,Not Recommended,399120,21339958,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lucidly Awake,"From a design standpoint, it is well done and I can easily see it as official half life content, the game however, is trash.*First of all, the intro takes several minutes and tries way too hard to be Half-Life 2*The game spams you with enemies every 2 seconds*Your given garbage weapons at the start and are swarmed by combine that destroy you on easy if you miss just a few shots because you got barely any mail*The story was lackluster*The effects were way over the top and just blinding*So much of the game was just repeats of previous levels*The flashbacks were just annoying*The combat was just annoying, especially the firefightsI ended up using cheats just to get to the end in time for me to get my refund. I saw someone comment that this is just a glorified paid mod, and that's exactly correct.Don't buy it, it isn't worth anything."
76561197968748261,Not Recommended,399120,21653702,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,10n02,depressing
,Recommended,399120,28909261,Posted: 1 January,all,WalzenhäXler,I like it. Good old Half-Life feeling.
76561198033001144,Recommended,399120,21301696,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Double-O-Senpai,"Okay, let´s do another good ol´ good and bad review.Good:+Graphics are better than normal HL2 games ones.+Brilliant soundtrack+So much action+Combine are more difficult than ever, even in easy mode+Combines sound funny, like cybermen from Doctor Who+Funny noises (like the some elevators u will see)+Backstory before Black Mesa and this+Awsome mapping+Lighting in some things+Good atmosphere+Swearing+Brilliant voice acting+Plot+Suit, so cool, reminds me of Black Mesas one.+RETURN OF XEN+Some ok custom modelsBad:-Too much lighting in some maps-Last battle was pretty hard and i got no idea what to do until i check´d from net.-What was the purpose of G-Man?-Sometimes, there were no subtites so it was hard to even hear what charactes said because the echo.-End credits-So short, finished this in like, 2 hours-Hands were just re-textured HEV-gloves with some camo.-Some maps were too big and waste of exploring, because there is nothing to find for.-So short Xen-visitOverall, this was great action packaged experience. Thanks to Valve, this is canon. So i highly recommend to play this if u need some backstory from HL universe. And do not try to argue with me, this IS canon story. And must play. And remember folks, with this, we are one step closer to HL3 ;)Overall rating: 8/10Recommended :3"
,Recommended,399120,21297648,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DinoGeek65,"Prospekt is a Valve approved sequel to the Half-Life: Opposing Force DLC. Unsurprisingly, it takes place in Nova Prospekt, presumably before or around the same time that Gordon Freeman gets their. One of the first things I noticed as I started playing the game was its graphics. They look noticeably better than the other Half-Life games, except Black Mesa of course, and as well as being a welcome improvement, they dont do anything to change that nostalgic feel of existing in the Half-Life universe (looking at you CM13), something which I really appreciate. Another thing that I am glad Richard Seabrook kept in this game is the way the story is presented. Just like every other Half-Life game, for the first 15 minutes or so of playing, you have nothing, and are required to get from A to B by using the surrounding environment, which I personally think is a great game mechanic, as it allows you to take in this games amazing atmosphere, as well as allowing new and old users of the source engine to get used to its controls and mechanics. Another thing I liked about this game was its music. While its certainly isn't to the standard of Kelly Bailey's amazing soundtracks, it definitely makes an epic firefight or nervous crawl through a vent that extra bit more special.So after these first 15 minutes or so, the game soon turns into the nostalgic and classic FPS that we all know and love, (with a few puzzles here and there to mix up the gameplay), and reminds me of how LITTLE the gaming industry has come with not just FPS, but gaming as a whole since the Half-Life series.Considering that this game was made completely by one person over the course of 18 months, I am genuinely astonished that Richard Seabrook has managed to make such a well polished game, and there was never a moment in this game where I felt it was tremendously lacking in any form of content. That being said, I managed to finish this game in just over 2 hours, which is far short of the ""Episode 1"" length we were told, which (for me anyway) took almost 6 hours for me to complete the first time. I also found that the variety of gameplay did become lacking as I continued through the story, from Headcrabs, Barnacles, Zombies, Zombine, and Antlions, to just the Combine...yay. No awesome boss battles against Dropships, Gunships, Striders or Advisors. Whats even weirder is that you get an RPG a long way into the game, hyping up my anticipation that soon there would be an epic boss battle, but...no. I didnt even need to use it, as from the moment I picked it up the only enemies I would continue fighting for the rest of the game were, you guessed it, the Combine. Also, while the return to Xen in this game was certainly cool nostalgia-wise, once again the only enemies you are fighting their are the Combine, no Houndeye, Bullsquid, Alien Grunts, Alien Controllers, Gonarchs or Gargantuas, and you are literally their for 5 F*CKIN MINUTES.Just incase you think I forgot, I know this game was only made by one person, and the amount of action packed fun, detail and nostalgia inducing atmosphere Richard Seabrook has managed to cram into this game over the course of 18 months is incredible, and for that I can definitely reccomend it to anyone. But... this IS a Half-Life game, so it should be reviewed like one, and in that regard it lacks in certain areas.In conclusion, if you are craving some more Half-Life, you've come to right place, but don't expect anything more than that."
76561198250252298,Recommended,399120,21308443,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,YourOldGameboy,Good Game. Not perfect but Still Good. I dont think we should really complain about a game made by one man.
,Recommended,399120,21303636,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Strato ∆,Amazing ! :D  10/10
,Not Recommended,399120,21299467,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,PiLi,"""this money is for my next game"" thats what dev sayied, this ""game"" its very short boring :|"
,Recommended,399120,21319968,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DEV|Sarrixx,"For a game made by one man in the Source engine, I think you haven't done a bad job Richard. I actually enjoyed the story (which I will admit I was only loosely able to follow for lack of pretense) and I thought the level design was awesome. That very brief return to Xen was enjoyable (although plot wise it was pointless) and that was the only section of the game for me that seemed in any way buggy, I started lagging slightly there.The only things that should have been improved was the level design of the areas where encounters occured and the difficulty of the AI, though if the AI was more like the Half Life AI in terms of how accurate they are and how hard they are to kill then there may not be any issues with the level design. I managed to play 2/3rds of the way through the game on Normal before I was forced to push it down to easy.Overall I'd probably give this a 6.5/10. I would definitely recommend it to any other die hard Half Life fan as something they should play."
,Recommended,399120,21310414,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Danoid,"Ok, there are most definitely a few downsides to this game. Right off the bat, nothing is really new. It feels like a half-life mod. I guess i was sort of hoping for more of a total conversion than half-life with a couple of custom skins. I mean, you dont even get a wrench. Just the same old crowbar. The other thing that feels kind of weird is that all the rooms just feel like these massive rooms with huge celings but they are rather bland. You will enter a oom with about 30 enemies and maybe a wooden crate in the corner. There just doesnt seem to be a lot of work going into the cosmetics.Also, i wouldnt call this a negative but its a very hard game. Save often. If you liked that the old Oposing Forces game was hard then youll feel at home with this.Anyways, i wont downgrade this game because i feel like its not bad. I wouldnt tell my friends to go out and buy it unless it was on a real good sale but i cant say that i dont recommend it. If youre looking for a challenge and want to continue the Oposing Forces story then go ahead and get it. Support the Dev."
,Recommended,399120,21322535,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dave XIV,"This is Fantastic, It's like picking up a half-life game all over again, The level design is excellent, very reminiscent of some of the best set pieces of half life 2. and it definitely retains the feel of opposing forces. Brilliant 9/10"
76561197994538492,Recommended,399120,21388972,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,borntodrill,"Don't know why everybody is hating this guy just because he was on the BBC promoting his game. To be honest I may never have played it if it had not have been for the BBC. Its awesome and only six quid, which is not much considering two years of his life went into it. Well done Rich"
,Recommended,399120,21312152,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Alecus,"While there are a few bad things about this mod, let me get started on the good.-This game has an updated version of Source. It looks prettier then Half Life 2, which is always nice.-There is a decent story relating to Half Life 2 at the beginning and the end of this game.-Some dialouge plays every once in a while where Shepard's old marine buds are talking, giving backstory from before HL:OF.-In the beginning, and in some parts throughout, it really does feel like a new Half Life game. Mostly just the start.-Has lots of combat, which is a nice change, giving HL a new spin.-Xen is back!-Half Life 1 style of level design.-New Combine Spaceship that you get taken too, adds a cool new area to look at, a different view of a combine facility.Now, onto the cons.-Too Short-Random Level Cuts.-No HL2 style story during any gameplay.-Feels like an endless wave shooter in a few sections, not like a Half Life game.-""Boss Fight"" really wasn't a challenge if you figured out what you were doing.-On any difficulty other than easy, you will die atleast once every time you see a Combine.-The only diversity in the enemies is art the beginning. Otherwise, it's just Combine.-Doesn't bring many new things to the table, besides the two already mentioned areas.This game will not fill that Half Life 3 sized hole in your heart. No way. But, atleast it is something new. Something Half Life, with a story that could actually be canon. (But that's just my opinion)."
,Not Recommended,399120,22747749,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jalist,Don't buy this game. The experience is just generally boring. I didn't enjoy much if anything from my time playing this 'game'.
76561198049013679,Recommended,399120,21309243,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,RedEye,First person shooting in the Half Life universe.
,Recommended,399120,21328649,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,jerry311 - shinji,It is a shame to the big studios that one man could make a better game in 2 years then they do over longer periods with more money.
,Recommended,399120,21310743,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,VertSama69,Alright so I bought this game only to see that it was 3 hours worth of gameplay.At the time of this review I only have 2 hours in and I kinda want to refund it.Pros: 1) Interesting new take on Adrian Shepard during Half Life 2 events.2) Lighting is nice and graphics are made a little darker to kinda emmanate the lonley feeling when you played as     Shepard in OF3) Interesting and complex puzzles4) Challenging5) Flashbacks to previous days in the military and cheesy conversations from those flashbacks with other soldiers (caution cuss words are used)Cons:  1) Challenging Combine hordes even on easy mode which is strange2) Puzzles and maps can leave you confused on what to do next sometimes3) Fairly short for just $10 (although I got a discount so I guess Im good)4) Story could be a little more ... better if I could find a better way to word it5) Flashbacks do tend to interupt gameplay because of how they warp the screen6) and ♥♥♥♥ THOSE ♥♥♥♥ING FIGHTS SO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD!!!!!!!! >:OOOOOOOOOOO7) Some parts of the game have animations that could be very harmful to people with Photosensitive EpilepsyI do recommend this game becasue it is an interesting take on Shepard but the cons should be taken into consideration.
76561198062615250,Not Recommended,399120,24294392,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jurd_Plays_Games_Without_Me,I really like that a fan put his heart into this. He is excused because he is only that: a fan. This was a pain to play. I had to force my way through it. The sheer amount of buttons that had to be pressed was unbelievable. the amount of enemies that had to be killed bas even more unbelievable. Thanks for the effort man please dont take this to heart.
,Recommended,399120,24660595,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,moinriv,How NOT to let your Children Behave in the Supermarket: Supernanny US.SupernannySupernanny
76561197971476906,Recommended,399120,21415868,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,DollarBill,"Like visiting old friends, this game is a very linear shooter bringing back a few combine characters. And, like a candy bar before dinner, it just whets my appetite for the next half-life.  I think you will be pleased with what 10 bucks will buy.  If not, wait and buy it on sale."
,Recommended,399120,24247837,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mystery,good game but it has so mach bugs
76561198184110594,Not Recommended,399120,21879269,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Dr. Fronkensteen,"At the beginning the game takes its sweet time to speenfood information everyone pretty much already knew, it doesn't expand the Half-Life storyline much at all, and the combat is easily some of the worst I've ever seen in a game. This would be worth it as a free mod, but I'm probably going to end up getting a refund."
76561198000642149,Recommended,399120,25490086,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,limespred,"What a great and terrific game and having played all of their gamesover the years it really is like coming home again after being awayfor such a long,long time."
,Not Recommended,399120,30343486,Posted: 5 March,all,Temmie Da Tem,"This game was Ok.  The voice acting was actually amzing, but they pushed the source engine too hard that the graphics didn't look that great.  I wish that this game had a refund button so that I can get my $10 back."
,Not Recommended,399120,29150728,Posted: 9 January,all,[CZ] Colonel Clanny,"I can recommend it... not to buy this game...As mapper myself, I can see diffrences between map and map, here's a little list-upThe maps itself are pretty much undetailed, I'm missing a couple of supports here and there to hold something up and also the copy&paste function in this game was pretty much used a way to often.I'm sorry, but if you want to have a game which is kinda well, you go on the steam store and buy Half Life 2, you can simply get it in an summer sale / winter sale for maybe three euros, aka maybe two monster energy cans.Alot of work has been spended in this game, but to be quiet honest, if this game would have more developers and actually custom models, scripts, materials and all that stuff around, it may would be worth to be sold on the steam store, but I mean, I rather start up Underhell and then I have a game of a dev team out of six people including of proper support.If you're looking for a help to sleep in, get this game, the first five minutes in the game you remain still and have to listen to an scripted sequense, one or two minutes would be enough, but the developer though maybe that everyone can go and bring the trash out while this game is running (Live in an apartmentblock in the fifth stage though).I can't recommend this game at all, haven't seen a thing which was it worth to waste ten euros on it...Download Underhell, and you got everything: Custom Models, Maps, Textures, scripts and all that, that game is for free, has multiple language packs and is also a way more better done than Prospekt.P.S.: Underhell is also based on a Prison, so just no to this game.Steam shouldn't sell a game like this for 10 euros, if this game will be kept sold for 10 euros, then underhell should be sold for more than fifty euros for only one chapter.Prospekt = 3 maps = Next chapterUnderhell = More than 30 maps = One chapter itselfJust... Please... if you don't wanna waste money... don't make more holes in your wallet with this game."
,Recommended,399120,21305089,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,jacob,It wasn't what I expected but it was satisfactory.PROS-Shephard-Xen-Good gunplay-Good puzzles-Back to Nova Prospekt-Good level designCONS-Very short for a $10 game-There are way better mods-No new guns or new enemiesFINAL SCORE:7/10
,Not Recommended,399120,34518899,Posted: 26 August,all,Egon_Freeman,"tl;dr -- I paid €2.49 for this game - in a STEAM sale, no less! - and I've been sort of ""ripped off"".CAUTION: SPOILERS FOLLOW.The intro cinematic isas close to the plot as you're going to get. You're unleashed on the world, and the plotgoes away. I'm not saying that's always bad -- in games like Serious Sam it's great, you don't have the plot getting in your way of killing things. For a Half-Life tie-in however I'd expect the narrative to actually follow the stated story. I think we've taken a dozen steps back to 1996, because the game featuresnoarea revisiting - basically a ""move forward and keep shooting"" sort of affair.It feels as though the intro was supposed to cover the plot as afunctional summary. It's got decent writing, bad voice-acting, virtually no direction whatsoever andno practical bearing on the game at all. From the moment you take your first steps to the final area, the plot is nil. There's a moment you go through a level of Xen, and a moment where you get to see Earth suspended in front of you (which Isuspectwas to highlight the ""reveal"" that you're not on Earth any more, though that waskind of obviouswhen the portal room displays had ""Destination: orbital sector"" written all over them), but other than that - storytelling iswholy missing.At no point in the game did I feel that my actions had any consequences apart from direct ones.I had moments where I thought ""Yes! This is where I take a Plot Relevant Action!"" aaaand...nope. For example, I was going through Nova Prospekt's generator sector w/ displays indicating power levels - I was hoping to mess these generators up - something that would've made Freeman's trek easier?But no.In the middle of the game you get teleported to an orbital space station, which you get to blow up. Nothing new there, except for aMajor Plot Hole:sincewhencan Combine use local portal technology?!The fact thatthe Combine couldnotuse local teleporationwas aMAJORplot point in ""Half-Life 2"" and its sequel episodes! It's even said verbatim by Judith Mossman! Sohowcan they use local teleportation to send meanywherein the first place?!Let'sassumefor the sake of the plot that they can -whyare they not using itto destroy Earth's resistance in 7 minutes?!And once that's done - taking care of Freeman and Sheppard would've taken about an hour, considering they're tough as hell to kill...Which brings me to another point -- the game islaughably easy. I mean, the placement of rechargers is justhilarious- it felt as if there was a pair aroundeverycorner. And just in case I wasn't stocked up on ammo all the damn time - there were weapons depots everywhere. At some point I juststopped visiting them, because there was no point - I simplycouldn't carry any more.For most of the game, I had 100% ammo/health/shields, w/ the ability to drop out of the fight to go back and restock. I only really died in two battles, which were unfair and imbalanced to hell - you get wave after wave of strong enemies, virtually no cover, and virtually no resupply options. In theory you can scavenge the fallen soldiers - in practice the waves are spaced out so badly that you don't get the chance: the areas are huge, so by the time you manage to pick something useful up, the next wave of soldiers is unloading into you from both sides. Facing them head-on is sheer stupidity, because with two squads coming in you don't stand a chance of not getting ripped to shreds. In the second fight in particular I had to rely on an AI glitch to get through: the AI wouldn't follow me under a small ramp, which allowed me to pick them off one by one using the pistol (which, with the wholly predictable enemy AI, turned the previously hard battle into a hilarious ""shoot the dumb ducks"" game).Worse, atalmost every opportunityI could fully utilize the funnel effect: duck out of a tunnel, gather enemy aggro, duck back and pick them off one by one. Just in case that wasn't enough, the tunnel doors closedalmost immediately, which afforded me ample cover for returning fire. And as ifthatwasn't enough, the tunnels typically had two doors, so that even if the enemydidmanage to get into the tunnel to follow, I was already behind the second door and ready to unload into anything that came out. And did I mention the ubiquitous wall chargers? Yup - chances are good I could recharge while I was at it!I had toconstantly remind myselfthat I had underbarrel grenades and energy pellets to use -- in the core ""Half-Life 2"" game these are so sparse and strategically placed that you learn to use themin very specific situations. In here, I was almost literallytripping over themand had to make an actual effortnotto save them. Which, of course, made the gameeven easier. It felt like a series of curb stomp battles.The whole equipment teleporter sequence needs re-pacing: I blazed through so fast that I died there, which forced me to notice the hint. Using the ""Use {key} to zoom"" screen hint would've brought attention to the fact thatthere's something worth zooming in to see. The general level design suffers from typical beginner design issues: they're either too open and spacious, or claustrophobic. The rooms and corridors are also repetitive, esp. at the end where you get to see the same rooms over and over in series. There were also plenty places where the fighting could've been more interesting if only the rooms required different tactics to clear.The final fight wasunderwhelming and anticlimactic. Itwasn't immediately obviouswhat needed to be done -- there were buttons that could be pushed, but simply pushing all didn't do much. The reactor status screens provided a hint, but the area was so huge that the status changes did not reflect any actual action performed by an NPC. It took me three circles to notice the enemies counteracting me.Combat lacked balance as well: staying in one place too long was a death sentence, which forced me to keep moving - at which point the biggest danger the enemy could bring against me (the energy pellets) became laughable and inconsequential for the most part (the enemies were pretty muchguaranteedto miss due to the curvature). Yes, they bounce off of stuff (which is what makes them deadly), but there was nothing to bounce off of and the area was so big that, with their short lives, it wouldn't have made a differenceanyway.The flashback sequences were nice, but to be honest - they were just ""dangling"" there, and if you happened not to have played ""Half-Life: Opposing Force"", they would've madeno senseto you. The additional Combine lines (radio chatter) were also nice, and I don't think I have anything bad to say about that - they were implemented and executed to great effect. In fact, I think I would've liked to hear more Combine chatter that hadrelevance to actual plot or player actionin the original ""Half-Life 2"" game (the line about the enemy having control over biologicals would've beenperfect).To summarize: the game has virtually no plot, suffers from massive design issues, and the intro cutscene's direction is terrible to the point of cringe. And most importantly, atno pointdid I feel that my actions as Adrian Sheppard did anything of consequence.This game played like a ""Half-Life"" mod from 1999. More polished in terms of visuals and some additional voice-acting - yes, but a vintage 1999 mod nonetheless. I fail to see how it deserves the €2.49 I paid for about 150 minutes of questionable fun, and remember - I bought it at a sale, while it's normal asking price is €9.99! This is why I feel I've been ""sort of"" ripped off."
,Recommended,399120,21298719,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ch33zyp00f,"So..... This is how Valve is going to make the next half-life game, having a 3rd party developer to make it for them, pretty good idea .Other then that good game/mod, made by ONE GUY, so if you have money burn, and have 3 hours to blow off time, get the game."
76561197997255325,Not Recommended,399120,21301209,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Obamov,You'll experience a better story and more of a fun time getting a refund.
76561198029010715,Recommended,399120,21308914,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,chillyray,"Body? What body? he, he, he he, ha he, hehe hehe ha haha hahe HEhe ha HA HEhe HEHA HEHE HAHAHEHE HAHAHA HAHAHA HEHEHAHA10/10"
,Not Recommended,399120,22356392,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Jukspa,dog poop
76561198038836093,Not Recommended,399120,21302015,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Arcadius,Pressing Buttons Simulator 2016
76561197974105367,Not Recommended,399120,23786729,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,METAL,"the levels are so dark. even when i have adjusted the brightness to max it was still too dark. it actaully didnt do anything. i spend more time in air shafts than in rooms or being outdoors, that i rather call this game ""prospekt airsahfts"".fighting off antlions who keep on spawning just to find a tiny airshaft was ridicules. especially since the maps are so damn dark. putting you in a room against 6 hunters does not sound like fun or challenging. its frustrating.also to reach an airshaft was frustrating as well because you need to use some blanks to jump on. then our protagonist still gets stuck for what ever reason and refuses to go in to the airshaft and the blank and you fall down. thank god in to water.also for some reason with ladders he gets stuck most of the time. even when you press jump, he just lets go and falls down. regardless if you press in the direction you want to go when reaching the top. just to continue your path in an airshaft again.there were some fun moments when fighting off the combine soldiers but the game is still too dark, too many airshafts and frustrating moments."
76561197972562779,Not Recommended,399120,24231860,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Falcon,An agility jumping jumping mario game where the guns are the powerups with  swearing.
76561198165392430,Not Recommended,399120,30205617,Posted: 26 February,all,Bulgarian Army,The game is very good but the dev team sucks. They are not posting any news and doing a stupid update from 5 months now.
76561198136734144,Recommended,399120,35010015,Posted: 16 September,all,suicidal sandwich,You see the mixed reviews?haha they're wrong.This game is really good for a mod. It has a good plot and awesome maps. Buy the game and try it out for youselfThey did what Valve couldnt do... Continue the story for Adrian Sheppard.
,Recommended,399120,34204588,Posted: 12 August,all,🎃daa daa coke🎃,the best game i ever played
,Recommended,399120,21294463,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,furo,"Half Life 2 - Episode 3: Finally out! KappaNot entirely true, but you will get the familiar half life 2 look and feel (although I have to say that the enemies didn`t take so much hits in the original...). As long as we need to wait for Half Life 3 this is a nice filler. Length is around 3- to 4 hours.https://youtu.be/4m_gpdTFjUkIf you are unsure about the price of the game I recommend you to wait for the next sale. Everything under 5€ should be a good grab for Prospekt (for non die hard HL fans)."
76561198275361478,Not Recommended,399120,28484905,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,reddingpaja,I think i might be color blind.
,Recommended,399120,21415338,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Keyblade Fortune,This game is definitely something although at the time of this review I haven't gotten to the combat but this game put me into a familiar setting and let me see enemies but again no combat yet so yeah but other than that it looks great feels like Half Life and all around amazing concept so far
,Recommended,399120,21414473,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,GraveEmbrace™,Pros: -Glorious Story-Awesome puzzles-creepiest Gman face of all timeCons-Randomized difficulty spikes
76561198183701546,Not Recommended,399120,29470049,Posted: 24 January,all,//:W:\\ COMBI-TROOPER:666:,"I had to noclip through areas, because they were bugged as ♥♥♥♥, then the ai wouldnt give me a damn chance, the soldiers are waaaaaayyy too overpowered, there are nice areas in the game, made just to show off the engine but everything else was bland, boring and too over-complicated. This was an extremely shameful game for valve to support. I want my MONEY BACK!!!    PS. NO GORDON FREEMAN"
,Not Recommended,399120,26213507,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Eveny,Would not take me past the intro so I refunded also crashed when I tried to skip level
,Recommended,399120,23873432,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rico2,eh
,Not Recommended,399120,34953831,Posted: 14 September,all,mudFircrub,"Short, borring adventures of copral Shepard. Don't spend your money on this. It is not Shepard's return what we need."
76561198141696533,Not Recommended,399120,34405222,Posted: 21 August,all,Seth76,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17KmNrG9pE4
,Not Recommended,399120,27780865,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,d[A]rth_sh[A]rp,Рвотный порошок. Не играть ни в коем случае.
76561198098137249,Not Recommended,399120,34653398,Posted: 1 September,all,m17ch3llx3000,one of the most unbalenced games iv ever played. starts of way too slow but has some fun puzzles then the puzzles get stupid and the enemies go super saiyan and are horribly unreasonable with up to three enemies that can 1 hit kill you at a time and very limited amo. no new weapons or anything that half life didnt already have or do. i dont understand why this was made.
,Recommended,399120,21296148,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Stargate75.de,The Game have a better quality as Hl2 and this for 10€
,Not Recommended,399120,33682719,Posted: 20 July,all,DeadMan12,i want my money back
76561198019547958,Not Recommended,399120,21298599,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,General Lee,Nope achievements - no interest
,Not Recommended,399120,26606322,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rampage ´Arloste´ Peppermint,"Just bad , nothing good ."
,Not Recommended,399120,31561698,Posted: 5 May,all,creation club creator,where is the refund button
,Recommended,399120,30389459,Posted: 8 March,all,dARK0,- story is short and lacking- levels design is .... weird :/- alot of running and gunning- its not easy to beat this game ... you die alot- is it worth the money ? not sure but considering the fact that one person made it .... hmmm i guess yeah- judge it from a perspective that one guy made it ... and you will find it more fun to play
76561197995046761,Not Recommended,399120,21340380,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Strontium_99,"This is not a resounding negative because there bits of this game that are ok.Half-Life 2, Ep1 and Ep2 are the games I have played a number of times, just to re-immerse myself in the Half-Life 2 universe, the most recent time using the Cinematic Mod 2013, which was stunning. The varied style, particularly of the first HL2 Ep0, have always kept the game fresh, and a pleasure to play. One minute it’s a straight FPS, then a horror game, then a car game, then a boat game, then a warfare game etc. And that's my biggest gripe with Prospekt. It’s all very samey.It took me 5 hours to complete and if that’s worth £7.50, I’ll leave that up to you to decide.On to the pros and cons.Pros.It’s always nice to return to the Half-Life 2 Universe, as previously stated, no matter what form it takes.Some of the levels are pretty nicely designed. There is an odd bit where you teleport to a pretty trippy alternative plane, which is quite coolAnd the idea of having Nova Prospekt as being the centre of the game is a neat idea.Cons.As previously mentioned, the game gets a bit samey. A lot of running about and a lot of battles with the Combine.The battles with the Combine start to become less of a challenge and more of a chore after a while, and in a couple of instances I even reduced the game down to Easy Mode, just to get past some pretty tedious battles.Some of the levels also look very samey after a while. Running passed the same consoles time and time again can start to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off after a bit.The flashback dialogue, where the screen turns monochrome and negative really starts to annoy after a while, and to me, doesn’t really add anything to the story. Just found myself standing around till the screen returned to normal.There are a couple of bugs in the game. Didn’t get any crashes like other people, but just some niggles.So all in all. Yeah this is ok for a rainy day, if you like the original HL2 games. Whether you are willing to shell out £7.50 for the game is up to you. My advice would be maybe wait till it’s on sale."
76561197997582730,Not Recommended,399120,21339067,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SirFatty,"I had high hopes for Prospekt... perhaps that is what makes this such a disappointment.  Poor voice acting (a mom joke no less).  This is a poor mod (and that's all it is).  The fact that I paid for it just ads insult to injury.  Refund requested (my first refund request, btw)."
,Not Recommended,399120,21338314,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Reaperx64,Boring level design and flashbacks. No atmosphere.
,Recommended,399120,21392756,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Lord Dildo the Betrayer,"though the story may be short. it is good IMO. the crossbow anf gravity gun were left out so i kind of missed the crossbow when i battled the combine in a large room or when they are far away. o and did i say that all combines talk and have diffrent sound effects when they die if you compare it to half life 2 and garrys mod? they don't have that loud bipping sound when they die but they sa like *no!* or *auugh* when they die or when they see you. you can hear dem say. *hej its sheperd kill him* if you listen of course. the only real problem i had was the final *boss* fight if you can call it that. they don't tell you what to do and you are getting swarmed by at least 20 combines with shotguns, smgs and the energy ball gun.overrall i give it a 8/10. it is not a perfect game. because if it short play time but i enjoyed every minute of it."
,Not Recommended,399120,21392815,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,KILLEDbyeSNAKE,this is ridiculous is it just me the enimies are just way to hard? the game is self is gorguse and it plays good but the AI is spoiling the game for me and I can't recomend it beacuse off that
76561197964349694,Not Recommended,399120,21406789,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Brown Trout,"I wouldnt recommend this even if it was free, its that bad"
,Not Recommended,399120,21413322,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,zoxxo,"Game faults, BSOD's, unclear objectives, weak story, and  a mod that clearly wasn't ready for prime time are a few reasons why I regret buying this mod. I want Adrian Shepherd back as bad as anyone else, but to quote the Matrix, ""Not like this, Not like this..."""
76561197968319534,Not Recommended,399120,21394897,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,chris_*****,"So far I have played 2 hours and 40 minutes.Unfortunately Adam Foster has spoiled us rotten. While it is probably unhelpful to point at Minerva: Metastasis and say ""That good, you not so good"" it is easy to see why.Pacing - this is run a bit, shoot a bit, run a bit, shoot a bit. It rarely mixes up the pace and for long sections what is around the corner is not just predictable, it's dull and predictable.Difficulty - the default difficulty does not seem to bear much resemblance to HL2. On Normal, the combine become bullet sponges and the Hunters are just inconvenient ways of storing large quantities of spent ammo with no appreciable detrimental effect.Visuals - it's all a bit like a a Monolith game - reusing brushes for large sections make for architectural deja vu.Character - I've played Opposing Force many times. Shepherd is a soldier. Rarely do you forget this in Op For. In Prospekt  after the first map or two you may as well be playing Gordon or some NPC. It seems to be a concept that falls by the wayside.Weapons - the only real distance weapon is the .357. Everything else is close in toe to toe. Some long range weapon that is less ridiculous than picking off Overwatch from 200ft away with a Colt would be appreciated.I wouldn't consider pointing all this out - after all I don't mod and it is better than I can do but after laying down cash it's more like when I buy a car. I can't build one, but when I'm sold a lemon I'l let the dealer know.I may play a bit more but, at the end of the day I have better things to do.I played a bit more. Its like a bad partner - the abuse doesn't get better - it just gets different. I can't believe there was a pointless Xen trip to travel all of 10 metres in the real world. And the Xen side was horrible. Xen has been relegated to some weird Dartford Tunnel."
76561197975176684,Recommended,399120,21347303,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SARS tk'ed my baby!! Drunk...?,"I like the idea of this game, and it wasn't as bad as most reviews put it to be, however the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly strong enimies are a bummer, and there are too many long rooms, which wouldnt be bad except for the lack of the crossbow.For a one man show it is good, but it could have used some more polishing and work on level and enemy layout."
,Not Recommended,399120,21347731,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,1upD,"I really wanted to recommend this game. When I first heard that a mod was going to be sold as a standalone game, I was kind of skeptical. There's so many other good mods, what could this one do to stand above the rest? As I read more about the game and watched Richard Seabrook's interviews, I started to get excited. It's not every day that a new Half-Life 2 episode hits the Steam store, and Prospekt looked like fun return to the series.Where do I begin? Prospekt has a few really good ideas but they're ultimately outweighed by its glaring flaws.I really enjoyed the level design in the opening chapter where Adrian wakes up in Nova Prospekt with no weapons. The puzzling and exploration elements were handled really well and felt like a Half-Life game. Early encounters with xen creatures and zombies were paced very well. As soon as the player runs into the Combine, everything goes wrong. The very first encounter with Combine puts you in a corner staring down a squad of soldiers, one of whom has a mounted machine gun. There is no cover in the room. I hoped that would be the last encounter like that, but unfortunately there were numerous scenes just like it in the same chapter. Mounted machine guns are everywhere and there's never any way to advance on them without leaving cover. Even in later chapters it seems like every time you're in an elevator, it will open to a firing squad. There's no where for the player to go and it just doesn't feel right.I wanted to play the game on hard, since I'm familiar with the Half-Life series and generally find normal too easy.  It became immediately obvious that this game simply is not balanced for Hard Mode. It seems the combine have been given more health than normal, and that took away the impact from all of the weapons. I wasn't prepared to have to expend multiple grenades or magnum rounds to take out a single combine, and it made a lot of the combine fights into a chore. The game got a lot better once I changed my difficulty to normal, but a lot of times I still felt like I was at an unfair disadvantage. The final fight was the worst of all. With no cover, very few health pickups, not enough ammo, and infinitely respawning enemies, I could not complete that section without cheating. In its current state, I can only recommend anyone play this game on the easiest difficulty.Unfortunately, Combine soldiers are virtually the only enemy the player will fight. There's one or two zombie encounters but the game really needed more enemy types to change the pace. The Combine soldiers were always fun to fight thanks to Half-Life 2's brilliant AI system and enjoyable weapons. Sadly, there aren't as many weapons available to the player in Prospekt. With no new weapons, nothing like the gravity gun, and no crossbow, and with the increased health Combine are given, only some of that enjoyable gameplay is retained.One of the selling points of the game is the trip the player takes to Xen. A lot of people complained that the Xen sequence didn't have any point, but I would counter that it isn't much different than the Xen sequences in Opposing Force, which were just a way to get from point A to point B. I really liked this sequence but I don't know if it should have been listed as a feature of the game. It only lasted about ten minutes and the player still only fights Combine soldiers. Visually, Xen looks very interesting but relies too much on fog and doesn't have enough interesting textures. I think overall I would have enjoyed that section a lot more if it had been left as a surprise rather than advertised on the Steam page. What really redeemd the Xen sequence was the soundtrack, which did an excellent job of setting the atmosphere of wonder.  The soundtrack is all-new and generally very good.Visually, I was pretty impressed by the game. At it's best, it has some very interesting environments and makes good use of improved textures and shaders. The revolver model and Combine soldiers look particularly good with the added specularity. At it's worst, it's lit strangely and just a little bit too shiny because of the improved shaders. Some of the lighting in the early game wasn't very good, with very dark rooms and no illumination on the way forward. There was a door the player needed to find to proceed in one of the earliest puzzle rooms that was completely shrouded in darkness.I'm not quite sure how I feel about the story. The opening sequence went on for far too long and I think it killed the mood it was trying to establish. I think the same story could have been introduced with just the opening shot and one or two words from the Vortigaunt. There's no need to dramtically introduce Nova Prospekt. It seems like the exposition provided wasn't sufficient to inform the character of Adrian Shepherd of his situation, seeing that his last memory was Black Mesa being destroyed and the Gman putting him in stasis. He doesn't know what the Combine are and only associates the name Gordon Freeman with a scientist he heard was killing a lot of marines. The blindingly bright particle effects that blocked the entire scene were pretty bizarre as well. Ultimately I think the game would be a lot better with a shortened intro.The flashback voiceovers that told Adrian Shepherd's story were a good idea, but most of them seemed totally irrelevant to the events of Prospekt and didn't really seem necessary. At one point Shepherd remembers another marine telling him how to use a suit charger. I thought to myself, ""Oh, this is like a tutorial on how to restore your health and armor."" Looking around, I realized there was no suit charger and the flashback was completely random.The second and third acts of the game don't feel very purposeful. The protagonist is just sort of carried along to different locations without any reason for going there. I did particularly enjoy the environment of the last third of the game. I love the idea and I'm glad it made it into the mod, even though I think it should have been established earlier in the game rather than just thrown into the story. Not only were the visuals in that section really interesting, but there was a brief timing puzzle section involving lasers that I think was really good for pacing. I wish the game would have included more puzzles.I can't complain about the length of the game. The store page clearly states it is about the same amount of content as Half-Life 2 Episode 1, and it was definitely about that long. Especially for a one-man project like this, quality is much more important than play-time, and Prospekt was up front about that.I think it's amazing that modders can now sell their work as full games on Steam. The story of the development of Prospekt is really inspiring and it helped encourage me to keep working on my Half-Life 2 mod in the hopes that it might go on Steam free-to-play someday. I wish the best to Richard Seabrook and hope he continues to make games independently.However, in its current state, I can't recommend anyone buy Prospekt. The gameplay balance is all wrong, levels are set up to punish the player, and the frustration I felt at certain points just outweighed the enjoyment I got from the things I did like. Sequences like the first few fights with the Combine and the ending fight had me so frustrated I wanted to stop playing, even on the normal difficulty. I hope that the game will continue to be updated and maybe some of these flaws can be improved upon.In summary:Pros:* New environments* Overall good visual design* New soundtrack* Interesting first levelCons:* Lack of variety in weapons and enemies* Story lacked direction* Poor level design gives the combine soldiers an unfair advantage* Barely playable on hard mode, frustrating on normal"
76561197984528061,Not Recommended,399120,21347929,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,mattmega77,maybe valve should have officially endorsed this a while ago and upped the production value or at least pay for proper voice actors.
76561198014340779,Not Recommended,399120,21566415,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,nbwood,"Game too short. Some very nice visuals / action in places but too many corridors. Puzzles are more like playing hide and seek, the occasional white out/voice over was plain distracting and added nothing to the game."
,Not Recommended,399120,21591090,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,firgustus789,"Beat this in 2 hours, then refunded. It's too short and the ""story"" has no impact on Half-Life 2 AT ALL. In fact it's not even worthy to be the sequel to Opposing Force. If it weren't for the horribly bright flashback segments (which I feel is out of place in a Half-Life game), the player chracter could've been anybody. It might as well have been Gordon because the HUD is the normal HL2 one and you get the crowbar/flashlight instead of the wrench or knife/nightvision. This game also lacks references to it's parent game like Opposing Force does with HL1 (where you would see familiar locations or hear things from the main game like the famous Surface Tension cliffside or air strike radio guy and such). The only familiar scene you get here is what's left of the Entanglement telporter after Gordon and Alyx use it.Depite all the faults, the visuals and music are great and the sound effects are typical Half-Life 2, but sadly it's not worth the money.Sidenote: also does there need to be this much swearing in a Half-Life game?"
,Not Recommended,399120,21614456,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,tacocat,"Beat it in under 2 hours, there were no boss battles and no new mechanics or use of the engine's physics. Instead of boss battles you get combine gauntlets and wave battles. The ""flashback"" voiceovers were a nice touch, but there were no cohesive story elements. Shepherd wakes up, and shuts down the power plant. No new guns, no open world exploration, it felt claustrophobic in the citadel. Good effort on the dev, but $10 is about $9 too much for this game."
76561197984149134,Recommended,399120,21607613,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Leffy,"Really nice one-person game, lot's of HL2 universe there, nice feeling, fast, generally easy but in some parts quite difficult (same as original HL2), frankly I'm enjoying it a lot, good job dude."
76561197976859060,Recommended,399120,21611472,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,olihowe,"I actually quite liked it. Ok it is not Half Life 4 or whatever version we are supposed to be on now and it is much harder to kill the combine but some things are actually an improvement (graphics, music, atmospheric sounds, secondary weapon on the pulse rifle). Everything was done by one guy who has achieved more than Valve has in the last few years when it comes to updating the HL universe."
,Not Recommended,399120,21533325,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ｍ　Ａ　Ｘ　¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I'm honestly kinda mixed between liking and disliking this game, like everyone else seems to be, and there are good reasons for it.While I think the visuals are really nice, and it was a fun challenge, it lacked a clear emotional story that Half-Life games are expected to have. Instead, it mostly revolved around a combine shooting gallery, and awkward flashbacks of quotes Shepard had heard from his colleagues in the millitary, which didn't really add much to the game. Plus, it was very short for a Half-Life game, and didn't bring back any of the special weapons & NPCs that Shepard had in Opposing Force, which kinda bummed me out, but hey, I guess the world went to♥♥♥♥♥♥after Black Mesa.So TL;DR, if you're expecting Half-Life 2: Opposing Force, this isn't quite what you're looking for. But if you enjoyed the combat aspect of Half-Life 2 more than the actual story, then this game might be something you'll enjoy."
76561197998063531,Not Recommended,399120,21673622,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Olijf,I was very exited pre-ordering this game. I was hoping to play a new installment in the half-life world.But everytime I pick this up to play I get very nauseated... normally I dont have issues playing games... but this seems to be issues with either fps or something else...It makes me uncomfortable playing this game.
,Recommended,399120,21716559,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,[RG] =(e)= halo8997,"Awesome game so far! Feel like the game could have been nice varying the weapons and UI some, but still high marks!"
76561197968590739,Recommended,399120,21712142,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,verycyst,"I enjoyed this game and feel that I got good value for money. It's not massively long, and is (like HL itself) a bit ""on rails"", but it's quite amazing given that it's the work of one developer (congrats to Mr Seabrook).The title, setting and backstory had me expecting moments where I (as Shepherd) would encounter Gordon and/or Alyx - or maybe see them in the distance. There was IIRC such a moment in Opposing Force. Not so in this case. And the final battle was, well, a bit familiar. But there are some challenging battles, it's paced well, and the atmosphere is there. Where else are you going to get a decent dose of the HL medicine these days?"
,Not Recommended,399120,21797016,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,楪いのり,"rekt Prospekt, this game doesn't not matches the ideal form at all. In my opinion, the game just give me a long, boring talky-talky things, annoying visual effects and repeating, boring battles. What you can do basically is fighting and regenrating then fighting again. It just sucks."
76561197977110099,Recommended,399120,21658589,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Made In China,"Good old Half-life 2 days, I missed it. Combines are bulletsponges, kind of annoying. I would like to see this game free of charge..."
76561198081909728,Recommended,399120,21634175,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nightfang,"While this game is pretty short, I'd say it's a really well made mod/game whichever you want to consider it as. People always complain it's not a good enough sequel. This was made by ONE person, not the entire Gearbox staff. It took Rich quite some time to make this, so I feel the price is rather appropriate."
76561198093237972,Recommended,399120,21374506,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Heisenberg6171,"this game is from my opinion perfect , and the graphics is perfect , 10/10"
76561198210071037,Recommended,399120,24169250,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,intence66,rate review and improvements........................well where to start.........the game graphics and the lay outs are really amazing with detail 10/10there are diffrent maps and locatons on the game that are fun and niceto the story also . there are a lot of puzzels to work out also what makesit quite fun .something to improve about the game.....................something to improve about the game would be more combine or morezombies to fight throught the hole game just to make it a little  harderalso when a fight happens in a big area all the doors should lock so thatthe battle is confined within the room so you can not escape it or waitbehind the door for them to come in so you can shoot them making itto easy......... a slight issue but small is how climbing laders are nowmade from wall units or fans that sometimes can be a little confussinghowever i like the idea........ something to improve would perhaps beat the start of the game you are stuck while audio plays in a stasisi think if there where some form of flash back images or video aboutwhat the person is talking about it would make that feel more betterand fun .......my last little issue is when you finish the game the gamegoes through the credits however when they stop the screen goes blackand the audio continues there should perhaps be a part where it cuts offto the main menu screentheses a just little suggestions and issues i suppose nothing big but iactually really do reccomend the game it only needs a little improvementbut 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,399120,21356063,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mr. Smiley,"NEW REVIEW:Replayed the game, though Steam doesn't seem to update my hours sometimes, I've put about 5-6 hours running and gunning, which for a short game such as this means that's 3 playthroughs. The issues I've mentioned before seemed to be fixed. Paths seemed a lot clearer, especially the figuring out of the ventilation shaft in that one area with the antlions, there is now a neat little monitor that points you in the right direction (practically a neon sign and very hard to miss this monitor), though figuring it out wasn't hard. The updates definitely made the game more clear to understand story wise... or maybe that was because I've replayed it the few number of times I did that made me understand it better.The annoying filter on the flashbacks is gone, and replaced with a slight contrast tone which is much nicer and actually makes the flashbacks more enjoyable.Maybe my aim improved, or the patches updated the health of the Combine, but they didn't feel too much like bullet sponges, especially when there were waves of them, on my latest playthrough.Way to go on improving the game, also I thought the addition of commentary was a good addon to address some neat objects in a room or environment, or simply explain the thought behind something.Overall a much better experience.OLD REVIEW BELOW:It's okay.Story needs more story so it can make sense. Flashback moments get annoying due to the weird filter of things, but the flashbacks were a nice touch nonetheless. I commend the game for having a single guy put all of it together and it's pretty good by that standard. It did something good, and that's all the game really is, just good. While the voice acting, and music stand out as great, as well as a couple cool new models that were cool (New Combine soldiers), it wasn't all too impressive.The damage dealt was ridiculously low even on normal, and made the game feel a bit unbalanced, especially at some points when there would be waves of enemies that just seem like bullet sponges.Sometimes I didn't know why I was doing things, like the small teleportation to Xen and back. Seemed a bit forced and could ahve done without it, as when I got back to the space station I noticed I could have just walked around if it wasn't for a shield wall.In general I jsut felt like many moments in the game didn't really make sense as to why things were happening the way they were. The jail cell breakout was a bit confusing, and I don't understand why everyone left to go check out an alarm. The place where the giant thumper machines were turned off and the limitless antlion army started to appear I was a bit confused as to where to go and wandered around and back trecked for a few minutes before seeing the ventilation shaft and thinking I could go that way, which of course was right. Another moment was running around the giant portal area wher eI had to turn off the three buttons, I honeslty don't know why I did that or what the point was, besides opening a door, if I was going to just going to blow up the station anyway.Also Richard, my condolences on the loss, and I hope your next project will be better."
,Recommended,399120,24157363,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Haydn BA,"I dont think this game was that good. i really didn't enjoy the game. It was to short. But there were positives, Firstly the developer of the game has done a good job on the story. The way that you revisit Novaprospekt is pretty cool. Secondly i thought that the way the game was layed out was very good. However on the other hand there were several bugs that shouldn't be in a game that you have payed £7.50 for, so therefore for the story wise of the game it was outstanding but gameplay experience with these bugs just ruin the fun. Overall out of 10 this game i would rate as a 6 because the story is good but if the bugs were fixed in time before the game was released i would of given it a solid 8 and if the game was a little bit longer i would of given it a 9 or potentially even a 10 . Considering that it is the developers first game he has does done very well and he certainly deserves a pat on the back for the hard work and effort that has gone into this game. Best of luck in the future with your other developments, I will certainly be buying the other games but please just look for bugs before it is released. Thanks for reading :)"
76561198310883903,Recommended,399120,28656638,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Durp,"A great game with a solid storyline throughout the whole gaming experience. In my opinion, this game is recommended to people who want a little bit of information of the combine's Citadel.- 8.5/10 Review"
,Recommended,399120,27779426,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GUMBY,So far reminds me of opposing forces hl1WOULD RECOMMEND to anyone and everyone.
,Recommended,399120,27940433,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jas,"I got this for $2.49 on sale 100% worth, crashed a few times and was too short, but dam it was fun somethng every half life fan should try."
,Not Recommended,399120,23494499,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Th1FreeMan,not good at all :( u don't even feel the gameplayu feel like playing a noob half-life 2 mod :(
,Not Recommended,399120,21372966,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,FrenchFry,"For a game developed by one person, it's not bad, but it wasn't really great either.First off there is hardly any story to it. You play as Adrian Shepard, the HECU Marine in Half-Life: Opposing Force, taken out of the G-man's stasis by Vortigaunts, and dropped in Nova Prospekt to assist Gordon Freeman. But why? You make no impact on the plot of Half-Life 2, and don't assist Freeman at all.When you first get the crowbar, you also magically get the H.E.V. Suit as well, out of thin air, not to mention that Adrian Shepard never had an H.E.V. Suit bit instead a P.C.V.Also, you don't encounter many different enemies in this game, some Headcrabs, a few Zombine, one Zombie, Antlions in a few scenes, Hunters in one scene, and Manhack here and there, but for almost all of the game, it's just Combine Soldiers. And WAVES of them. They also have a huge health increase, as well as more advanced A.I. and are usually fought in open areas, and with the lack if the Crossbow, it can be very difficult to take them down. However, there is an ammo increase for some weapons, making it a little bit easier. There are also very few puzzles, only a handful in the entire game.You previously had flashbacks in this game that almost blinded you, but that was fixed with an update. You re-visit Xen in this game, but only for about five minutes, and it seems pointless to do so, all you do is kill a few Combine, then enter a teleport and go back to the general area you were previously in. And no Xenian Aliens to fight.Now this was all the cons of this game, let's look over the few pros. The voice acting and audio is GREAT, as it was in Half-Life 2 and the episodes. The textures were also very well done. That's about all that was good about it. Was this game worth the $10? No. There are many other free mods that are much better than this. 5/10"
76561198013829676,Recommended,399120,21394031,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,^ ^1👌ELpoephoofd,Short but fun. You should buy it in a sale.
,Not Recommended,399120,21393289,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,RZR0,"Was looking forward to this, but definetly not worth what it's priced at.EDIT: After having refunded the game in the past, I decided to repurchase it, in the hopes that it had gotten better. In itself, I wouldn't say it's that bad, but it certainly doesn't feel like a Half-Life game. In many respects it tries to hard. Some ""puzzles"" in the game are also far from obvious, where they typically are in Half-Life. Some may find this fun to solve and I would if this was a Portal game, but I'm playing for the Half-Life experience."
,Recommended,399120,28700504,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,415 >Junglist<,"Ok game. I've played all HL games/ parts more then twice. Would i replay this one ? No. Lots of emty rooms, no thrilling story. Few little puzzles, no big deal. If you're a big fan of HL only buy it when it's on sell. But thanks anyway to the Dev to add a little more to our so all so beloved HL world !!Will for sure spend some bucks for his next game he announced at the outro. Is it HL3 ? lol ;)"
,Recommended,399120,28858523,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheMysteryPigMan,"Prospekt is a simplistic, yet very nice use of the Source Engine, but seemingly only using Half-Life 2 assets, minimally with custom ones. Unlike most i've talked to that have played this game, I don't have a problem with this, since it is supposed to be part of the Half-Life 2 story and previous games. If you're unfamiliar with the collaboration back in 1999 between Valve and Gearbox Software, the game, ""Half-Life: Opposing Force"", it is esentially made to take place at the exact same time that Half-Life takes place, just in the view of United States Marine, Adrian Shephard. This game is a continuation of that game, with the same character, Corporal Shephard. The game does create familiarity with those that have played Half-Life 2, with things extremely simular to Nova Prospekt, and the Citadel. Bottomline, the usage of the the familiar assets, creates a more inviting environment for those that might not be familiar with anything past that.Now, many of the complaints i've heard about this game, most especially, that the puzzles are very easily solved, and the game as a whole is too short. Sure, that's not wrong, but the puzzles does have a bit of fun to them in trying to figure it out, with how simplistic or complex it could be. About it being short, yes, it took me less than 2 hours to complete it, and I did it in one day. I really don't have a problem with that, as it does open the door for replay value, because you know it won't take long to do; The game could also be replayed while listening to the Developer Commentary, from Mr. Richard Seabrook himself.The way I see it, yes, the game is short, and looks a little lazy due to it being a reusage of assets, and being simple, but like I said, it's fun to figure out the puzzles the first time, and has some replay value. But, me, as a huge Half-Life fan, who has played every game more than once or twice...or maybe more...had fun with this little game, because it does feel simular and is very close to what you'd imagine Valve would do themselves. I honestly think that as long as you've got an open mind, and some time, you could enjoy this game, especially if you're a Half-Life fan."
,Recommended,399120,28816774,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KingBo0.Shark [relearning tf2],"Wow... Ptobably one of the best Half-Life games I have evered played, it's amazing. It's a must buy for any Half-Life fan!Ups: Awesome and kinda sad story, really cool hunter mini-boss section! Xen section that looks awesome! Chalenging but rewarding end. Really pretty lighting.Downs: A bit to difficult at times. Too damn short! Kinda laggy during the more fx heavy sections. Really expensive for how short it is. (2 and aa half hours was how much i got out of it, and I died ALOT.)"
,Recommended,399120,28760443,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,rmclark,Very enjoyable game to extend the Half Life universe. Reminded me of Opposing Force.  Purchased this game when on special offer and it provided some enjoyable hours of game play.  Nice bits of the game where there were some puzzles to solve in order to move on.  Great levels and attention to detail.  Well done to the developer for putting this game-mod together.
76561198357559118,Recommended,399120,29159011,Posted: 10 January,all,Marknload,"First of all, I was very please to come back in the Half-Life universe after all those years! I was happy with my experience with Prospekt. It was great  to control Shepard again. The levels are well created. 10 dollars for my 2 hours played was perfect. Good job  Richard Seabrook!"
76561197990460875,Recommended,399120,29388869,Posted: 20 January,all,Toxicface,"Wow, honnestly im very impress. I'm a big fan of the series, and this game is pretty cool. This young man did a very good job on this one. Continu your great work. Peace !!"
76561198188537819,Recommended,399120,29878168,Posted: 12 February,all,☣Lvl 10 speh☣,"This is a good game but,dont buy it unless you have a time machine and can make it free or on sale for a reasonable pricepro:Awsome graphicspro:!new! hud fontcon:enemys are EXTREMELY hardOverall thought:I really wished he could of brought some reskins similar to opposing force but, he didnt.just dont buy it unless its on sale or he made it free,and thats probably not going to happenReally,it can be a good game but,not for the price."
,Recommended,399120,29855883,Posted: 11 February,all,theflyingboss,The game was very good I loved the easy puzzles and the combat and with updates on the way like the stealth levels the game will slowly get better and better!!!!
,Recommended,399120,21315770,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Tr3b0r,"-EDIT-Re-review as of 22.06.16.Prospekt still lacks the polish it needs to really captivate people, but the developer (Rich) has been listening to feedback which is always a good sign.Some of the more noticeable problems have been fixed, such as the annoying lack of cover, the overbearing visual effects during flashback sequences, and the infamously difficult enemies.Rich has also confirmed he is working on polishing up the game, adding future new content, and just generally improving upon the games shortcomings.It's not perfect yet, and  some of the original complaints still exist, but they will be addressed. Overall, not a bad purchase, I recommend buying this game on sale if you're a Half-Life fan.-OLD REVIEW-I am a massive fan of Half-Life: Opposing Force and when I heard Shephard would be back, I was very excited.I hope this game isn't canon, because it will somewhat tarnish the original game.Prospekt isn't terrible, but there's a few things that REALLY let the game down:-HEV viewmodel. Why!? We aren't Gordon, or Dr Cross, or Dr Green. Shephard does not wear a damn HEV suit!-How did we even get a HEV suit from a crowbar...?-Shephard does not even use a damn crowbar. Where is his signature wrench?-No new weapons (at all).-No new enemies (at all).-No friendly NPCs. Half-Life is known for it's NPC's.-Lack of detailed plot which HL is again known for.-Strange lighting, seriously over saturated and some areas are too dark, and others are crazy bright.-Too short. Not really EP1 length. (This can be forgiven)-Messed up difficulty levels.+Decent voice acting+Level design is comprehensible and has room for improvement.+More Half-Life!+More Shephard!Most of the issues can be fixed, c'mon Rich; give the game some post release love, give Shephard his wrench and PCV, give him unique viewmodels, and that will be a good start.At the moment, i'd advise against buying this game, or mod, whatever it is. Hopefully Rich will listen and make an effort in bringing this up to the quality It needs to be."
